I will not try to speculate on what Brando was trying to do. At its best, it turns into such strange performances, insinuating so many things at once, that it does not seem to work anything like playing an unmistakable instinct. It often seems that he draws attention to some of the favorite aspects of his character over all others, a concentration that, if followed, turns out to be something of a red herring, as it turns out to be more subtle, more skilled than at first glance. This is mastery of skills, not naturalism, as it can be linked to Method. The role of the Ski Masters, as Mankiewicz so beautifully understands, seems to be tailor-made for him, and that's to start with strange and unusual in the end, because whatever Brando did, he managed to have the grace of all his own, but nevertheless - the flawless mercy - again, strange, comes from an actor with limited musical ability, never before or after connecting with a musical comedy. Jean Simmons, also strangely thrown, is not very impressive, but certainly beyond just an adequate, really beautiful Havana sequence, and never less than a pleasant one. And yet ... perhaps because the actors are both so focused on what they do, and the characters on what they intend to do on each other, there seems to be no lover "" chemistry "has insisted so much on Brando / Ski Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah are good at eating, but I do not see more than that. In a film that is obviously glittering and fun (and most of all about it, the craftsman, that's exactly - shining), that lack would seemed to be tactical and easy to overlook, but it would depend so much on real chemistry! At least partial transformation of characters to or such chemistry, would lend something positive to the final scene.This film leaves this film certainly delighted, but not really shifted, except in the way of denying the truthfulness of the trade union. Note Sister Sara is married in the uniform of her missionary, Ski Masterson in her same stupid Men, not wedding dresses. And they came back to those from their previous scene! Just crazy (that is, insightful), the most discerning and the most serious, the scene is, I think, between Brand and Vivian Blaine , like the Puppet Puppet / Nathan Detroit, Adelaide, the only one and where these two exclusive together, not only because between them there is no hint of flirtation, though it takes place in the locker room Adelejdinoj while Adelaida ready to change. Although it can be argued that there is no place for it, Ski is indeed a guy who "checks" Adelaide in these circumstances. It's even there to tell Adelaide Nathan she will not meet her. Adelaide and the Sky are true in their way to Nathan, even to him, as it is seen through the tone in their exchange. Adelaide, of course, is also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is tempered by her deeper feelings for Nathan, as Ski warns that she can not love a man and then wants to be someone else. <br /> <br /> The boys and puppets are another turning point in the battle of the poles, about the theme of gambling and salvation. Since both the compulsive gambler and the seeker of salvation are more or less unconsciously doubled by despair, there may be a dark secret deliberately behind Brand's and Simmons's lack of chemistry. Ultimately, this deficiency can be a surplus of narcissistic preoccupation (echoed by the sinatra / Blaine pairing, although with much less self-confidence), which could explain the unusual, rather provocative, Brand and Simmons interpretations of Ski Masters and sister Sarah. I understand that Simmons mostly shows coolness and skepticism, but Brando, although playing with her, is not very hot and eager, and more than keeping her distance - and he assimilates it, keeping the balance through it. His boldness is that he only plays against her - a trip to Cuba, a kiss, whatever it takes - but he is not really ready to win so much so that the institutions are so busy in their own field. This can be insightful, because playing with a glow can be the only way to reach the missionary and through it. But that makes Ski's transition from just trying to get a bet that actually wants Sarah Brovn a little less than a convincing one. But why does he want it? What does falling in love with Ski mean? I think that the only way to get around is that I truly accept that his humanity started, and that he does not want to end up just as a cadher to Sister Sarah, so that he, as he promised, should deliver her prayer meeting to sinners, correct his "markers", he says, as a way to get her back when she seems to have already won only to lose her. But it still signifies self-concern more than anything. However, she also provides her own care of Sarah Brovn, because Ski will calm down the missionary in her to recover her lover. Neither, at least, seems to change much in their union, other than perhaps accepting the other. Still, this would seem to be a deadly disagreeable claim: acceptance is still quite a scream of achieving happiness in another, let alone the transcendence that each of them seems to imply under "chemistry". And beyond all this, I suppose Mankievic is fully aware. For all those who could say, in defending Guis and Dolls, yet, that much can not be expected from the musical in depth, I just need to remind them of Cabaret, the Three Pennies Opera, Carousel, Star was born, even the sound of music, for which I do not care so much (and can be constantly added to this list, without even approaching post-cabaret musicals), everyone wrap the wonderful music and dance about serious concerns.
