It would be easy to call big boys and dolls. He has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brand (and, contrary to Sinatra's original wishes, casting works), this is a really cool feeling from the 1950s, even if basically transposed from the stage to a screen with only a small interruption. And most of the songs are often fun and appealing, and are performed with this migraine and nodding to the beautiful escapism inherent in the very form. If it is not quite as big as any other of it, it should not be the fault of the director Joseph L. Mankievicza. Not all songs are fully clicked, and a small part of the dialogue seems to be running for the stage, unlike the movie (it's hard to say from time to time - Brando and Sinatra are so often crossing the line that it must be carefully monitored to be able to say when one game for the camera or for the "scene", while the actress who plays Adela better for the stage than the screen. The action is one of those winners who work well for their period, even if it is asked if her influence expanded to similar films such as She's All That (well, not entirely, but close). The gambler (and the 14-year-old fiancée), played by Sinatra, wants to host the big game, but he was told that "heat is on", which means police officers are on guard. So, he has only one choice to host a game with a $ 1,000 card. The only way he can do this is through a big bet with his fellow gamers Brando, who is set to make a wild task in charge of the mission. He provides predictable twists in the story, a sudden turn of charms, idiosyncrasies of street people (gangsters and dancers and " saitn "played by Jean Simmons who falls for Brando) . It is, in its basic concept, about this whole world of boys and puppets, and how to balance one or the other - apparently without a wedding or too much compromised. Mankievicz brings a lot of energy Even when holding the camera on the subject, and his stars are properly twisted. Hell, even Brando works great for a musical because he overcomes the fact that he is just an actor and shows his songs for singing and quality stars. . The story and characters eventually turn to what you hope to happen, and that's fine. Everything we ask for - and what we get - is the fun in the good spirits of the wit, including the dialogue, and a few songs and dances that bring the house (my favorites were the number with the ladies at the club, Luck be Madame, and two numbers in Havana, Cuba ). A-
