A group of women from the San Francisco model-caliber who have been friends since the primary school is suddenly threatened and attacked by someone who sends them bizarre cards for Valentine's Day. Who is the killer and why is the killer after them? My rating will often be changed in later movie reviews - sometimes a bit worse, sometimes a bit lower. However, I can not remember another film where my rating changed so drastically as it was for Valentine's Day. The first time I watched it, on a theater release, I thought it was pretty scary - I gave him 4 out of 10, the equivalent rating of "F". Looking at him for the second time last night, I can not remember what I did not like. I can only assume that I may be really wrong to watch it, or maybe I just did not understand it. In any case, this time I liked it, giving it 9 out of 10, or "A". It may sound funny saying that I did not get this kind of movie, but there is something to get. Valentine is almost comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also in charge of Urban Legend in 1998, takes a stereotypical formula for horror teens that became so popular at the end of the nineties after Scream (1996) and pushes most of the elements to the climax, making Valentine deliberately cheerful / almost absurd (where absurdism is a positive stylistic expression). On top of that, he gives us a film inspired by witty comments on romantic relationships. Humor is unusual in that it has the same excessive campistic tone as the teen horror aspect. Most of the situations in the film and the modus operandi of the bad guy, witty or not, are related to the theme of Valentine's Day. Many viewers are likely to take away points from a movie for different clichés. - used but incredible scenarios and development plans. However, in the light of the above, the film is deliberately cliché, incredible and ridiculous. As if Blanks is trying (and mostly thrive) to overcome a typical teenager by ridiculing / underlining the genre conventions while enjoying the eros. This is an attraction for the irony of the foundation of a horror movie on Valentine's Day. This is a discrepancy that is smartly wound throughout the film, which is at the very heart of a slasher genre, making it the primary food for Valentine's extravagant wandering. Scream had a similar goal with his horor material, but that twist was that the film was "self-conscious". Valentine's intention is not self-conscious; the viewer must rely on the contextual traces of the satire. In order not to think that "I read too much" in the film, it should be noted that Blanks said in interviews that "he did not want to do another movie after Urban Legend" and producer Dilan Sellers said he wanted to do Something "more adult" . Other viewers may not like the fact that Valentine's Day is so different from the alleged source material, the novel of Tom Savage's novel. The characters of the novels, the scenery and the action are very different from the film. Sellers said: "Although it was a good book, I did not think it was a real story for the movie." Instead, the novel, which is much drier and more serious in tone, was used as a launch pad, a motive for creating a variation for a story about a horror / thriller centered on Valentine's Day. Although these facts will not help purists who are familiar with a book like a movie, it's useful to understand why the film has its divergent plot and attitude. It's probably better to watch the movie as an independent entity with a similar theme. The gap direction is visually flawless. Valentine's Day has a rich look, with complex, deep colors, interesting sets and a good inspiration. The ghosts are wonderful because his criminals and the scene of the attack are not too dark, with a clear action. He also plays actors with self-confidence, catalyzing often cunningly humorous performances. David Boreanaz, like Adam Carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments. While Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, it's a very good horror / thriller movie that looks very inclined to misleading images. If you look at it by expecting more than one language, you may realize that this is much more.
