This is the masterpiece by Frank Loesser of entertaining texts, competent themes and the firm construction of those who have adapted Damon Runion's material to the musical "book". What is surprising about the film is how unnoticed music numbers run from the story. Abe Burrows made a book with attachments from Loesser; Michael Kidd was a choreographer, and Joseph Vright gave an outstanding art direction. The story can be apologized in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, starring Frank Sinatra, needs cash to finance his long-lasting floating crap game to entertain Big Julie, a Chicago mafia. Bet on a player who plays Ski Skierson, who presented Marlon Brando well, that he can not get the Salvation Army girlfriend to go with him to Havana; Masterson gets a bet, saves the Mission, falls in love with a girl, brings the gamblers and rifrafe into a shuffle game to attend a service, and tells everyone that the lady was impervious to his charms - a complete lie. Of course she ends up with a lady; and Detroit marries a longtime fiancé, Vivian Blaine. Among the actors are Stubbi Kaie, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. She is a large circle of Julia, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomei, Mari Alan Cocanson, Kathryn Guivey as the leader of the Rescue Force, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as a young girlfriend of the Salvation Army, Sarah Brovn. Famous music numbers in this award-winning Broadway Smash include "Fugue for Tinhorn", "Boys and Dolls", "Luck Be a Ladi", "I'll Know", "The Person Can Develop Coolness," and "The Oldest Found Permnanet Floating Crap Game in New York! ". Joseph L. Mankievicz from "Cleopatra" and "Letter to three women" The Fame conducted the procedure; and the course of work is very interesting and is moving successfully. He is equally skilled in gaining a good dialogue acting and directing such huge numbers as "Luck Be Ladi", a diverse and challenging fighting section, the section "The Woman in Love" created for the film preceding him, presenting the title of the song "Guis and Dolls" and " Pet Me, Poppa "were set up in a club where Blaine is doing. The operation is very uneven. Simmons is sometimes wrong for the role, Brando goes through singing and is a very good part of the time on instinct, charm and underestimation, even in comedy. scene. Sinatra tries, but is wrong for the role for several reasons, such as Nathan Detroit; Blaine is a bit too theatrical in selling her numbers, which she, of course, professionally sings. Leonard, Toomei, Kaia, Keith and Pulley do what they are looking for and more. Stylized opening and closing works well; All in all, this film is a triumph for Loesser kind and subtle texts, for director Mankievicz as a ringmaster, and for the genre of the musicals themselves, so justified in this case. Wonderful and very different.
