This musical was not exactly what I expected, first of all because there were not many scenes between Brand and Sinatra. Since it was based on the story of Damon Runion, I expected irony and surprise, one of which was really good - when we found out that the Sinatron gang used the Salvation Army office for their shit while Brando was in Havana with Simons. If, of course, it comes at the right time, when Brando returns. I really did not expect much from Branda as a singer, but he surprised me. He was not wonderful, but he was quite good in the role. His large number in the sewer, with the rest of the Sinatra boys, was the only place where I felt that Brand's voice was weak. He simply did not have the power he needed for the big climax. All in all, I found the scenes between Brand and Simmons to charge with electricity, something that I did not think would happen when we first saw Simmons herself, and later when we met Brand in a restaurant with a Sinatra trying to get speed one to him. Only when Brando went to her office, the story revived. Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, which I have never heard of, but which I presume to have played a role on Broadway, as if it slowed down the proceedings. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Also, her songs felt the weakest of me and in terms of promoting a story or character. On top of this, all the Goldwin girls' numbers looked like a horned shoe, only there for the brilliance. For example, when Frank meets Brand in a nightclub, we just go to the routine stage for a cat number - and then he returns to guys who continue on, as if there is no dance number at all. Whenever Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a great time, but every time we returned to the story of Sinatra-Blaine, my level of interest was weakened. As for the songs, there were some good ones, especially the first number with Stubbi Kaie, Fugue for Tinhorns number (Can Do!). It's a great song and reminded me of the first song in The Music Man - Cash for the goods ... whatever it's called. And the number in the sewage system - I could not even remember the "Cool" from West Side Story - which led me to the point. I really did not like the art direction in this movie. The false Times of Squares was so completely fake that he was drawing attention to himself. The same goes for the Havana sequence, and especially for sewage. I realized that already in 1955 most musicals were shot on sets, but things changed - Carousel, for example, used a large photo of the site. Even the city recorded scenes in Mahatten in 1949. By the time we arrived at West Side Story in 1961, it's been said that things that are happening in Manhattan must actually be filmed in Manhattan. So Manhattan, Guis and Dolls were tied to Manhattan, and were too outdated. And to replace Linds's in Mindi's - did they really have to do it for legal reasons? I always thought Guis and Dolls were musical about Sinatra and Brand and their adventures with various girls. She was much more focused on what she deserves. In that sense, it is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in his own right, but he had a certain superficiality. My one big complaint to guys and dolls, and I do not know if this is an endemic thing for the original scene, but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando never took money to bet with the Sinatra and even said that he lost a bet, she just escapes to find him, and we are cut off to a wedding. It seems to me that the scene between Brand and Simmons could contribute to the influence of the story. To see Brando coming around as she came to him, she would be a great scene. There is such a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD), when Harold and Marion have this duet while he is waiting to change. She's upstairs in her house, he's on the sidewalk. He sings 76 thrombones. Sings Goodnight We Are Someone. They suddenly convert and sing to each other in songs - a wonderful way to convey their baptism to each other. It's the emotional peak of the film. Still, the guys and puppets had a lot to do with it.
