I am interested in a strong feeling of affection for (or sympathy for!) Sinatra in other reviews here. I read somewhere else that Sinatra did not forgive anyone for not playing like Ski Masterson. OK, who would not want to be acting like Ski Masterson? ?? it's a big part: a charismatic, successful gambler who makes a serious mistake when he allows himself to be pulled into a bet, in which he must take Sarah Brovn at the meeting in Cuba, or lose. Not money? It's a pride, but he and they get to know their match. In the meantime, Nathan Detroit has to jugge with her long-time fiancé Adelaide trying to find a place to play with a crap that will make him rich if he does not alienate his fiancé forever. The film began as a series of short stories by Damon Runion: it's his unique dialogue that you hear, and that's his big names of characters, and that's his equestrian / night club / gambling world late at night. Then it became a musical, and you can not help but feel that in the movie form it never really left the stage. The camera is unusually static and the sets are incredible ?? not pleasant? straight and childish. Fortunately, the music is so great, I do not care so much. My absolute favorite thing in this movie is, however, the singing and acting of two unwanted, Brand (like Ski). and Jean Simmons (as Sargeant Sarah Brovn). Of course, putting professional singers on these roles would have better music; but what is surely forgotten is that two such great actors instead made something else: what they lack in vocal talent are more than complementing the dense, acting abilities and pathos, the pathos, the pathos. You're with Ski, because he argues with Sarah against reason, patience, pipe and safety. You enjoy Sarah's relaxation under the influence of Cuban milk. You fully feel the surprise and passion of their scene in the yard with bells and an hour before they take them home. As Ski rightly says, it's "chemistry". Pro singers ?? Are they crappers or actors? it can not necessarily rely on this to happen. (And they certainly are not.) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not putting everything in the role of Nathan Detroit. Sinatra, however, was brutalized by Brand's four-way method. As a fan of Branda (it shows?!) It is inevitable to take over the other side, but I can not imagine that this film would be a much-adored classic today when Brando and Simmons were with their beautiful chemistry; Brando's unpredictability; Simmons's face, all pink faces and brown hair, drunk and embarrassed in the Cuban bar. Pretty. I will always want a copy of this film lying around in case I feel good again. You'll forgive me if I tell some of Nathan's (sleeping) parts that are 100% clean, are not they? You will not? Oh, be quiet and have Mindi's cheesecake!
