{Possible spoilers are coming ... you are warned.} This is absolutely one of my favorite musicals and movie musicals! (The second is Damn Iankees with Gwen Verdon, Tab Hunter and Rai Valston) As we all know, sometimes the glow (not to mention the songs) loses emissions in its transition from the stage to the screen. This is, for the most part, DEFINITIVE is not the case here. The sets are divine, bright and colorful, the characters are larger than life and you can not dislike them, and Michael Kidd's choreography is absolutely stunning. (I'm glad they used the original Broadway choreographer) All the actors "refuse the ball" (i.e., have invincible chemistry) to the perfection of this film. Frank and Marlon are absolutely convincing as the owner of the oldest permanent game in New York, and the most notorious gambler who bet even the tiniest things - like his fever up to 104 if he does not take penicillin. Cute, freshly confronted Jean Simmons is perfect for the role of Sarah (although the truth is, her singing singers are not as remarkable as Isabel Biglei or Josie de Guzman) - a mission of a doll with a golden heart and a ride to cure everything. And the last but not least the least (on my list) is Miss Vivian Blaine, who is re-evaluating her role in Broadway as Miss Adelaide ... Leading singer and dancer Hot Bok who would finally finish his 14-year engagement with Nathan in marriage, and he got rid of the psychosomatic cold he had given her. First of all, the honor of Stubby Kaie and BS Pullei as they reprise their roles in Broadway as Niceli-Niceli-Johnson and Benny Southstreet. There were never two lovely gamblers of these guys. Brando is great, as usual, and even though there is no voice of Robert Alde or Peter Gallagher, you forget it - because it has that meaning. the determination to bring everything he can to his role as Ski Masterson. "Luck Be A Ladi" gives me every winter when I see him running a number. It's particularly nice to hear him say, "Dad ... I have apple on my ear." Simmons is charming and pleasant in a role that is appropriate for her appearance, voice and the way she carries herself. For a long time, you want to not only win it, but also help people overcome their gambling, drinking and other sins, and living a life with God. Its performance "If I was a bell" is brilliant, at the very least! Sinatra is a man. He is so perfect for the role of Nathan Detroit ... and here he sings the pieces that Sam Leven from the Broadway's head could never (glorious actor, but the guy was a deaf tune ... go figure). I really enjoyed adding the song "Adelaide" ... I wish some guy would sing ME. Frankie's cold, smooth behavior transcends the boundaries of this film. But most importantly, you want to marry Adelaide. As for Adelaide, Vivian Blaine is just pure perfection in this role. From the accent to her escape "Adelaide's Lament," she's just great. And she's also my favorite part of the whole movie. It really makes you feel about Adelaide ... especially when you cry just before, and then again during "Sue Me". I still have not decided if I like "Pet Me Poppa" better than "Bushel and Peck" ... maybe I like them the same way. In any case, she is fantastic with those like "Take Back Iour Mink". (I'm sorry that they left the film "hollanderizovati" from the film ... It's absolutely incredible, not to mention hilarious, and my favorite part of the whole movie, about this film is their jargon. It's a mixture of high class and street slang. they use "It", "I" or "It's." It's always "It's," "I want," and "It's." All in all, Guis & Dolls is one of my favorite films and musicals of all time, is the one who needs to take the time to look every time he comes. My only complaint is, "Do not marry a man today." Now that's a good song.
