The world of Damon Runion at Times Square, in New York, before disneying, is the basis of this musical. Joseph L. Mankievicz, a man who knew about films, directed this nostalgic tribute to the "crossroads of the world" that show us that underside of the New Yorker from the past. Frank Loesser music sounds great. We look at the magnificent role of characters that were typical of the area. People on the fringes of society strolled towards the area because of the light, action, opportunities in that part of the city. This underground part of the city made life from street life that was so intense. Some of the original production songs were not included in the movie. We do not know if this makes sense, but it's not unusual for a Hollywood musical to change and change what worked on the scene. That original film included the wonderful Vivian Blaine and Stubby Kaia, and we are wondering about the decision not to allow Robert Alda, Sam Levene, Isabel Biglei to repeat his original roles. These were prominent actors who could make an incredible contribution. The film is visually incredible. The view closely follows the mode of time. As far as dealing with Marlon Brand, otherwise unknown by his singing abilities, Frank Sinatra and Jean Simmons seem to be working in the film. Ski Masterson is, after all, a man's man, who would look different if a different 'look' appeared. Frank Sinatra is as good as Nathan Detroit. Jean Simmons, like Sarah Brovn, is doing a good job by showing a woman from the Salvation Army who suddenly finds fulfillment with the same kind of men she's trying to save. Vivian Blaine is a thrill. She never fails to wonder as Miss Adelaide, a woman with a golden heart that is Nathan Detroit's love affair. Ms. Blaine makes a fantastic impression as a girl who is smarter than she wants. Stubby Kaie does a wonderful job of reassessing her beautifully beautiful Johnson. Beautiful production owes much talented Abeu Burrows, who made the adaptation of the screen. Costumes by Irene Sharaff set the right tone.
