I remember seeing the Disney version and watching it now, which is why I think it somehow lost its magical touch. Many other performances, after being left aside from the Cinderella, actually lost touch during the years. Then I found this production with the impeccable performance of Kathleen Turner as the evil stepmother and she was thrilled with the fantasmagoric essence of this fantasy story that threw me into the spell since childhood. We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl who died and dominated by her evil stepmother and stepchildren and craves to go for the ball for the last chance for freedom. But this line complicates a real different reversal in a classic fairytale causing Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola, and she only calls Cinderella from her family for her bondage) to be trapped in her father's (still living) situation is slowly losing to the dominant woman who manipulates the play of a favorite with his wife and stepmother against his own and tries to poison him. So, Zizola goes to save her father by preventing her stepmother from finding another junior player by hindering the men who come to her. There, the boring prince Valiant changed his heart out of his boring life and fell in love with a mysterious lady in a strange dress (forged from a water nymph Mab) with patchwork lipsticks. What attracted me most to this film was the original recording of an old fairy tale with which nobody can be compared. It does not tackle the network of lies as in most of the Cinderella stories, it does not ignore any reason why Cinderella would want to be present at the ball and not show the prince's shallow side, as Disney's version did. Instead, it shows more than Cinderella's selfless heart more than any other production, and the artwork is simply amazing! The costumes are all nicely made, especially Zizolina's blue sapphire ball, which matches the fantastic beauty of Marcelle Plunkett and a gentle, spiritual voice. I would highly recommend this film to anyone who is interested in the classic fairy tales with an interesting twist. The only problem is that the producers and the director did not make a full collection of other fairy tales with the same element and the fact that the film is now being printed.
