It's hard sometimes to say why the movie is so effective. From the moment I first came across "The Stone Boi," something told me it would be a great movie. Nevertheless, it seemed unlikely that I would ever have the opportunity to see it. Then, one day, while watching the online catalog of my local library, I saw that they recently bought a DVD release of this movie. For which I am extremely pleased, because the cinema is a stunning depth and quality that an old VHS copy could never repeat. the most beautiful aspect of this movie. As a photographer dealing with the almost exact visual style that is shown in "The Stone Boi," I firmly believe in the fact that a big filmmaker can almost carry the film alone. Here is a great help from an extremely talented actor and director who perfectly understands what the story needs. But to have Juan Ruiz Anchiu behind the camera makes almost every scene with some beauty. And you can almost never say that. Most films would never have expected such a thing from you. The scene after the scene records some details, a bit of visual magic that takes your breath away. The director Christopher Cain had a long and interesting career. As far as I can conclude, this film is not very representative. But, sometimes, in order to capture a director close to the beginnings of his career, above all the big budgets and losing focus, there is a real subtle magic that can be found. Cain returns to this film, allows things to happen with their own lives, and then all the more. Like the early films of John Sails, characters are given breathing space, time to talk. Foreign stories are happening because they do, and so is life. Kajin in this film shows an extraordinary, raw, even completely painful understanding of human nature. The acting connects a great deal of this story together. When people talk, when they exist in this movie, they do it as real people, and they do not retain the fact that they play characters. The screenplay by Gina Berriault enables immensely talented and respected actors like Wilford Brimley, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close and Frederic Forrest to spend time simply. Whether things have to say less or deeply, everything comes down to the weight of pure reality. When you look at the actors involved, or the great soundtrack of James Horner, it seems strange that such a film is almost forgotten. Perhaps a lot of what "The Stone Boi" makes to the time period in which it is made. This feeling of hangover from the seventies of this painting reminds me deeply of my childhood. People talk about the 1980s in terms of modern styles and music, but that's not the 80s where I lived or remember. The appearance of the images, the underestimating and gloomy quality of the acting, as well as the overall score should be underlined under the skin of any person who grew up in or near this age in North America. I see myself in this. I see how I saw the world. And a movie like "The Stone Boi" sees the world as it really is. For more, please look at: Black Stud (1979), Never Cri Volf (1983), Tender Mercies (1983), Testament (1983), Places in the heart (1984), Matevan (1987), High Tide (1987), Driving Miss Daisi (1989), The Secret Garden (1993), Tajna Roana Iniša (1994), Wendy and Luke (2008)
