Frankly, I think this film is too depressing for my own good. It's VERY depressing to the very end. There is no way to justify the judging of any person who did things that I did not like (well, except for the nasty character Fredrick Forrest). But it is still so frustrating to see people behaving in this way, placing the walls around them when there is only one word or so it could break through the ice and promote healing. Terrible tragedy affects the Montana family. They believe they have lost a son, but they turned out to have lost 2. The key is that, if they only communicate and face their grief, they will not permanently lose their second son. </ i> <i> But they just can not. Something prevents this family from sharing their sorrows. Let the family retreat into silence and anger, while some others say with fingers of guilt (and then continue to cheat on their poor pregnant wife by seducing the beautiful girlfriend of the deceased ... that Andy's character is indeed a snake!) The only family member that Arnold does not threaten in some way is his grandfather (Vilford Brimlei). Grandfather seems to be able to talk to a boy without a courtroom or even with a child's gloves. He seems to know what the child is thinking about, even though Arnold does not speak much these days. It is indeed a blessing for the poor child to turn to him. No one else seems to realize that Arnold may be in shock, denial, or that his way of grieving may not be the same style, or at the same speed as you would expect. It is so easy to judge and be angry and feel that someone is "made of stone" just because they do not grieve in the way we believe we should. The story is very quiet and naturalistic. You will not get a narration with a spoon or Hollywood good resolution. I was very concerned by the fact that this child was so burdened by the injustice that he felt it necessary to stop several hundred miles to apologize to his wife Andy's wife for something he should not blame himself for. Arnold may have accidentally killed his brother, but no one is responsible for the end of that marriage, which was bad anyway, except for two people in marriage. Only stupid luck Arnold did not enter the car with a pedophile or a murderer. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are frustratingly effective as parents who somehow can not find communication with their son to find out what Arnold is going through. Jason Presson, whom I have not seen anywhere else but a favorite child called EKSPLORERS and a furious story of ghosts called DAMA IN BELOM, did an amazing job like Arnold, an excellent performance from a child actor. Apart from being sometimes slow, THE STONE BOI is an excellent and very depressing movie.
