Stone Boi is almost forgotten drama from the 1980s. Given how well known or soon-known people in the film are, you wonder how it could have been so neglected. This is a slow, cumbersome but touching display of the tragedy that hit the family farm. The film is more or less accusation of the standing values ​​of the Midwest and the suppression of emotions. The film will not be for all tastes, but anyone who knows how to appreciate the right human drama should feel liked. In the early moments of the film, two brothers in the early morning hours go pick some peas and maybe shoot at duck or two if they get lucky. While climbing through the barbed wire, the pistol accidentally drops and the younger boy shoots deadly into his older brother. These boys apparently never crossed the hunting security course. The way two men can walk through this fence with one pistol would be the following: The first man climbs up. The other man then handed him a gun through the fence. The first man then lowered the gun and helped the other through the fence. At no time should any man have a hand on both the pistol and the fence. In any case, when his brother is killed, 12-year-old Arnold retreats into his world. He does not even ask for help after his brother is shot. He simply goes ahead and chooses the pea and later tells his family about the accident. At no time during the funeral or investigation, Arnold shows no regret or sadness. It seems his family is avoiding him. They may even be angry at him for killing his brother. The terrible uncle played by Frederick Forrest externally was upset with Arnold, although his older brother's death allowed him to hit a girl. Arnold's parents do not understand how to deal with their son. They do not really try to talk to him. The only person with whom he can communicate is his grandfather who played in the typical deduction of Wilford Brimley. After a while, Arnold moves with the old timer. It seems that nothing Arnold does not open until he starts on a bizarre journey to Reno Nevada to unexplably look for his ex-wife's ex-wife. Once met, he begins to get out of his shell after telling her about the interruption of marriage by starting all the trouble of the family with an accident. From here, the film becomes a quick study of reconciliation and re-awakening. The act is in most cases distant. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are the perfect cattle parents. Forrest is good, but maybe he's trying too hard to channel Paul Nevman's performance to Hud. And the cinema is extraordinary. If you like silly images of ordinary people, this can be for you. Some may even be advised to bring some tissues. 8 of 10 stars. Hound.
