Michelle Rodriguez is a well-built high school student who finds she has a great kick and starts an amateur training in the Brooklyn Gym. Santiago Douglas is a handsome young man, hardly older than her, who also trains there. They meet after school, so to speak, and feel the attraction of each other. No sex. Santiago is asked to save it for the next match. Both participants in the "gender blind" sports program that does not distinguish between men and women, the wrong attempt to equalize the sports playground The conservative radio commentator has recently announced - and I swear I'm not making up - "Let's face it, the president is a black man." I'm here to make an equally perceptive observation - "Men and women are different." Now, in 99 cases of 100, this does not have to have any difference in physical performance. But in top 1% - trained athletes whose skills are accentuated to a fine edge - men generally have the advantage. With his narrow hips, he can run faster. And they have a higher muscle mass and the strength of the upper part of the torso. These differences in bodybuilding allow women to raise and raise children, and men to capture and kill them. This sexual bifurcation is the result of a perfectly normal process of natural selection. Without it, there may be no people at all. And that, boys and girls, is why men's events and women's events are organized at the Olympic Games. I'm talking to you as your anthropologist. It will be ten cents, PaiPal is preferred. So I called this a blind gender program. As a talented boxer like Rodrigues, as he approaches the peak of the game, he will eventually lose a man. There are complications in this film. Rodrigues is finally paired with his boyfriend, Douglas. No one wants to lose any rage on the other side, not to mention the right to lease, but pride is both concerned, and pride is both personal and gender. Douglas refuses to fight with a woman in the ring. Rodriguez is offended by what he sees as his patronizing attitude. It ends happily. I did not really expect much from the movie. I thought this would be torn off by Clint Eastwood's "Million Dollar Babi" until I discovered that it was published a few years earlier. And I've never heard of a director or one of the performers. Such kind of obscurity usually runs badly made for television singers and so on. But I was surprised how it was neatly assembled. The complete absence of the batos left me with an open voice. Likewise, the minimal use of boxing clichés - the rolled ropes, the blood, the swelling of the swollen eye, the post-wrinkled facial features, the fat and sweaty spectator who shouts "Kill him!" nose, spraying of sweat from the cut head, heroic music that signals the long-awaited apotheosis of the winner. None of this here - well, almost nothing. A whole plot can be considered as a formulaic one. Tough kid finds a ring out, etc. The feeling that you have left is that this is quite similar to what these amateur competitions are. Different from those seen on television and in ordinary movies. The bell does not ring, for example, instead of the dance and the observation judge shouts "Stop!" And "The Box!" The contestants carry their heads. The gymnastics hall is not inhabited by a host of fans, but only a few people who have a certain interest in it. It's a clean film, despite a rather gloomy environment and unhappy family dynamics. Michelle Rodriguez can look pretty wicked, with her muscular mass and eyes shining under her eyebrows, but when you get used to the idea that this is a girl who can beat you in the pulp whenever she wants, and when You hear the female contours of her supersegmentals, she's not bad. (The scene in which she struggles with her father on the floor exaggerated.) It was a little difficult to understand Douglas's reticence when Rodriges crawls in his bed. The director, Karin Kusama, carefully selected his talent. It shows what you can do with some talent, imagination and a little money. There should be more of these films. Take one of those multiple blockbusters of full dinosaurs or space ships and expand your generosity a little.
