Casting the unknown Michelle Rodriguez as Diana was a brilliant move. She's perfect. Her acting inexperience actually works for her benefit. We have never seen her before, so she really feels like her story. It also brings true strength. This still works against it, because we never doubt it. You never have to cheer for her to win, because she never goes against any fighter that we think can not win. So, as a movie in boxing, it does not work. Again, this is not a boxing movie. How do you film a movie about a girl who wants to be a boxer and not a boxing movie? You do not. But Karin Kusama has it anyway. Like many indie films, "Girlfight" defies classification or genre and stands by itself as a folklore that could happen in real life. Diana badly goes to school. She battles people she does not like (for example, all the other girls in her school). It does not fit. Her father forces her little brother Tina to learn to box in order to defend her when things get tough. He gives tiny money for his boxing sessions and does not give Diana anything, as if there is no need to defend himself or anything that would make sense from her life. Tini wants to go to an art school (cliché, blah), so he gave up his boxing help Diane, who actually wants to box. Things get complicated when Diana drops to another boxer, Adrian (Santiago Douglas), who wants to become a professional. From there the story goes down to the inevitable ... two meet in an amateur battle for the title. What left me cold was that I never found anything of that interesting. It's all a little convincing. Children with a difficult life grow up in rough urban environments and struggle for sports. Many professional boxers have grown out of these circumstances. The mental and physical strength required by this education is suitable for a game like boxing, where anger is your friend. This time it's a girl. Big thing. Or there is another position to take: finally, boxing movie about a girl. Female boxing has been a long time. The brutality we usually see in boxing films here are replaced by discussions about their lives and feelings. The whole combat thing is used as a platform from which a larger picture can be taken. Respect. Overcoming the misery. Self-esteem. I recommend "Girlfight" because it has a good spirit and an example of the excellent work of the first director. The dialogue has never been raised above the quality of the soap, but the story itself has actually changed my view of some things. Yes, the world now looks like a better place. The film did it. B / S Rating: B-
