The first step to getting out of that path leads you nowhere to recognize that you are in the first place; then it becomes a matter of self-confidence and taking positive steps to overcome the negative impacts in your life that may have initially led you to that path. That's exactly what a young Latin girl works in 'Girlfight', written and directed by Karin Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is an 18-year-old high school student with projects in Brooklyn, who faces expulsion after the fourth battle in the halls since the beginning of the semester. She hits 'any' attitude that masked the deep-rooted anger that threatens to lead her to places she would rather not go to. She lives with her father, Sandra (Paul Calderon), with whom she has a very provisional relationship, and her younger brother, Tini (Rai Santiago). With her life on the brink of decay, she desperately needs an exit through which she will direct the demons who are burdensome. And one day she finds him, without asking her, when she stops at the gym where Tini drives. Ironically, Tini does not want to have anything with boxing; He wants to go to an art school, but Sandro is determined that his son will be able to take care of himself on the streets and pay ten dollars a week for his classes. When Diana convinces Tina's coach, Jaime Tirelli, to take her and join her father for money, under the guise of calling her a weekly money (she does not want to know what she wants for money), Sandro refuses and tells her to leave because of her your money. In the end, with the help of Tina, she finds a way, and the ring soon becomes her second home. It is an environment in which it is easily adapted, and it seems that life will turn for better. And the fact that she will have to fight with men, and not with women, in 'gender blind' competitions, is not the least. Diana found her element. For the first time, writer / director Karin Kusama has done a great job of creating a realistic environment for his story, presenting a sincere portrait of life in projects and conveying so despair so well known to so many young people who find themselves in a blind situation and on that the path that leads anywhere. And there is no candy coating on it; as Hector tells Diane when he asks him how he came where he is, "I was once a fighter." I lost.' Then, looking around the busy gym, 'Like most of these guys, they will lose too. But that's all they know ... And that is that sincerity in attitude, and the way the characters are shown, what makes this film as good as it is. It's a dark world, accentuated by a poorly illuminated, rotten gym-- you can smell the smell of sweatshirt of the boxer-- and this feeling desolates hanging over it as a cover, covering those people who grab and hang on to one and only thing they have, everything they know. Taking her debut on the screen, Michelle Rodriguez is perfectly actuated as Diana, bringing in the depth and intensity of thinking that quite radiates from her in the waves. She is so realistic to ask how much it really is Rodriguez; exactly where the actor leaves and the character begins? Whatever it is, it works. It is a powerful, unforgettable performance, an actor from whom we will expect another try with great expectation. She certainly makes Diana a positive example, in which many will hope for inspiration and recognition that there are alternative paths available in life, at least to those who would seek them. As positive as this film, however, ends up with something obscure; Although Diana obviously has legs on the ground, there is no indication where she went. Is this a short-term correction for her, or is she destined to become a female colleague of Hector? After all, realistically (in the light of the fact that realism is one of the strong sides of this film), professional boxing is not exactly a profession that can be used, nor opens weapons to women. And in accordance with the theme of the film, and the approach of the film author, the confirmation of Dianne's assertiveness results would be appropriate. Supporting film includes Santiago Daglas (Adrian), Elisu Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashlei (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although it brings a very realistic picture of life that many will be able to identify, there are certain aspects of "Girlfriends", who grow a little bit of credibility about something that happens in the ring. Aside from that, it's a positive movie, which is a generally satisfying experience. I appreciate this 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
