Once upon a time, Hollywood produced films live, films without order, immorality and violence. These films did not insult your intelligence, nor manipulate your emotions. Heroes were a little different from the crowd. They shared the same feelings and carried the same burdens. Since the 1970s, the film industry has largely written off G-rated movies for adults. In essence, modern mature audiences require large doses of pleasing realism for their cinematic diet, strongly coated with abominable curses, sex with mattresses and blows in their hips. These ingredients make the difference between films G and those that are rated as PG or PG-13. Strange, director John Lee Hancock, who wrote scenarios for "The Perfect World" by Clint Eastwood (1993) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997), hit the domestic round with this G- rated, good, four-way baseball epic that not only celebrates the favorite American sport in the summer, but also boasts the spirit of the game. In essence, "Rookie" resembles Robert Redford's "The Natural" saga of 1984 about an old servant returning. Unlike "Natural", "Rookie" rejects swearing, sex and violence. Moreover, robust Dennis Kuaid plays a real-life person. Autobiography of Jim Morris, "The Oldest Newcomer: Big-League Dreams of a Small City Type", served as the basis for Mike "Finding Forrester") Rich's unpretentious Norman Rockwell style scenario about the white aspirations of the middle class. Morris made his dream debut in 1999 on a hill like a relief pitcher. Although not belonging to the same league with the inspirational classic of James Stevart "The Stratton Story" (1949), "The Rookie" qualifies as a kind of film that Hollivood rarely makes because the public considers them obsolete. Hancock and Rich combine their fun strange biography in the aureole of mysticism. The wild oil inventor has two Catholic nuns in the twenties of the last century to supply the West Tekas well. Fearing that they have poured their money into a ruthless fantasy, the sisters cover the arid terrain with rose petals and the prayers of the holy protector of hopeless causes to intervene. Borehole! The City of the Great Lake appears, and rude nonsense swims into the baseball when it does not drill holes in the field. The baseball spirit is leaking from the ground like oil. In the meantime, a few years later, the US Navy does not retain Jim Morris, the elderly (Brian Cos from Manhunter) and his family in one place before being abducted. Continuous movement leaves a mark on Jim Junior. Jim's dad shows little sympathy and baseball scandal. However, Jim has baseball in his blood, enough to accept the work of chemistry teachers in his hometown of Texas, organizes a baseball team. Like the forged "Bad Nevs Bears", "The Rookie" chronicles Jim's triumph, turning losers into the winners. Morris promises to the team if they get into a divisional play, he will try to deal with a professional baseball team. Predictably, Morris students maintain their end of the deal. At the age of 35, Jim humiliates great hunter scouts when he throws quick balls at a speed of 98 miles an hour! "The Rookie" never misses.
