"The Rookie" Valt Disnei is based on the story of Jim Morris, a former picher of the lesser league that made one of the most incredible returns in sports history, ending nearly 10 years of retirement and debuting at the Major League in 1999 at the age of 35. The film opens with a brief synopsis of Morris's childhood, which included a series of re-locations - his father was a soldier. Even when his family had a good time in football in Texas, Morris's passion for baseball remained strong. She is now a baseball coach and chemistry teacher at Big Lake High School (in real life, Reagan Counts High School in Big Lake, Tekas). He is remembered to have tried his career as a baseball player, but he failed. Morris's team is struggling and teaching them about giving up their dreams. They turn around his desk, telling him he should try for the Major League team. On several occasions when dealing with them in practice, they express astonishment at the speed at which they cast. Morris seems unconvincing, but he agrees with his players in which, if they win in the county, they will try for the Major League team. Big Lake wins in the county and, while keeping his end of the deal Morris goes to Tampa Bai Devil Rais. Phenomenally, he throws 98 miles per hour - faster than he threw himself during his small league career and extraordinary speed even for the Major League masters. After another trial with the team, Morris is offered a contract with Devil Rais. It leaves it with a tough decision - stay in your comfortable life or once again continue your dream from the league. the smaller league made a little money and spent months away from home. The decision is even more painful than in the first lower league line because now it has a wife and three children. Morris appears with the devil's air, starts at AA level and moves fast to the AAA level, one level below the Major League Baseball. But as the season falls, the chances of "calling" are growing less and less. Basically, I love this movie. She has many great performances and nice characters and it's easy to find herself for Morris. Also, the film works perfectly with professional baseball at both big and lower levels. And most of all, he learns a timeless message to keep his dreams firm, even when it seems remote and almost impossible to achieve. Still, the film has some drawbacks. Although it is generally correct, it exaggerates and even invents a few things. Check out http: //espn.go.com/page2/s/closer/020410.html for some examples. Also, apart from a scene in which he prays with his players, the film completely ignores Morris's Christian faith. But, given the burning line of Disney's left wing, it's not surprising. It is assumed that many exaggerations / inventions have been done to make the story more dramatic. However, the 20-minute documentary about Morris included on DVD contains some information that makes his story more dramatic, but is excluded from the film. For example, from birth to his family in Texas when he was 12 years old, Morris was re-established 14 times. His first career in the small league ended after four surgeries through which he lost half of the muscle in his left shoulder, leaving his throwing 98 miles inexplicable. In order to fully understand and understand the story of Jim Morris, it's good not only to watch "The Rookie", but also to watch a DVD documentary, look at the above-mentioned link with the inaccuracies of the film and probably read Morris's biography, also called "The Rookie". I did not read the book, but I hope I will one of these days. Altogether, "Rookie" is a very good portrait of wonderful stories and powerful proof of the power of dreams and the triumph of an ordinary man. 8/10
