Sometimes, Ladi Luck smiles at me. I originally made and copied the VHS tape of this wonderful TV presentation. I was a broken heart when I realized what I did because I was not able to get a copy anywhere else. Recently I subscribed to a digital cable, and while I searched for upcoming movies, there I surprise there was scheduled broadcasting of the movie. This time, however, I made a copy on DVD, so there is no way I can repeat my mistake. I finally looked at him again after eight years, and it was equally exciting and tense as when I first saw her. There is little introduction to this story because my first contact with "Pandora's Clock" came with live reading of a book on a public radio. I accidentally joined the radio station on my way home for lunch, and from the first installment, I was hooked. Every day I waited to read the next chapter. When I learned a few months later that the book would be broadcast on TV as a movie, I made sure to clean up the Schedule for that event. First of all, I would like to say that the film was very true to the book, contrary to what the other reviewer said. This is in itself a rare achievement for TV films. Second, I agree with others about casting. I could not imagine a better choice for the Dutch captain than Richard Dean Anderson. Literally, the film could collapse and burn without proper voting for this crucial role. Anderson has never been better, and the damage is that we have not seen him again. In fact, all the members of the acting team did a great job. The only complaint on the movie - and on the book - was the exclamation of "terrorist conspiracy" to arm a private airplane airplane airplane and have its own pilot pillar and slash the affected plane. Basically, we talk about less than 36 hours to orchestrate and execute a plan like this one, and people, it's not realistic at all because of all involved players. It was also unrealistic how much the plane was hit by the first time, and then two of its engines were fired. The beef to the side, I enjoyed the uncertainty of the building and found that it is very convincing how the reactions are shown in the film by foreign governments, as well as ours. If you have the opportunity to see this movie, do it sure.
