Imagine the scene: a mountainous alien landscape. The moonlight shines in the red sky. Tardis slips out of the doctor, a middle-aged man in a Victorian robe, and Rose, his companion from Earth. The flashing recognition recognizes his face. "Well, I never! His planet is Saurious-7 Where I fought the belligerent Kraggartists, they tried to use the giant Skinkons to take over the planet." The girl smells like air. "We can not go, Doctor. I do not like the look of this place. I always think they're watching us." The doctor waved his finger. "Do not be ridiculous, girl. I wonder if the king and queen of Cordarabia remember me from my last visit. Come on, Rose, come!" He moved away, the girl struggling to keep up the pace. High on the hill, the evil red eyes look at them with hatred ... It was not like Rose began in 2005, and thank heaven for what I say. Unfairly ridiculing at the time of his original UK shows, Rose can now be considered a turning point episode that returned Dr.Vho to where it belonged, as one of the BBC's leading programs. Mistakes made by McGann T.V. They are well-learned. Instead of trying to break the new 'Ko' into the existing chronology, it represents a new beginning for the series, starting with the Rose Tiler (Billie Piper) shop that deals with its daily routine. One day he goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the problem begins. Models are reviving and attacking. Only through the intervention of a mysterious alien (Christopher Eccleston) she was saved. The story, although it may be small, is more than adequate as the starting point for the series. Autones are, of course, an old bad guy (it was their first performance since 1971), but they do not mention their previous performances - another wise move. The Finale effectively re-created the famous scene in 'Spearhead From Space' when the puppets came out of the showroom. As a doctor, Christopher Eccleston did not have the eccentricity of his predecessors, preferring a modern leather jacket for traditional doctor's clothes, but this made him more accessible to the new audience. Billie Piper confused her critics by leaving a big impression as Rose. Noel Clarke was good as her boyfriend 'Mickei'. Yes, there was an additional emphasis on special effects, but then it should have been - insecure sets and incredible monsters from the past have no place on the 21st century television. What's more important is how good the script is. Ten million people turned in to see a new doctor. "Dr. Vho" is back - and back with a bang!
