They did it. And, lad, did they do it fantastic or what! The BBC finally brought the Doctor to our screens on Saturday night where he belongs! And they did it with style! EPISODE ONE: "Rose" - One of the advantages of the new series is Russel T Davies as a writer and executive producer. He is a fan of the show and knows what other fans want, but he is also an experienced writer, so he knows what other people want. Another power, as perfectly presented here in this first episode, is Billie Piper and her character Rose Tiler. Finally, the doctor's follower gets a credible story and a strong character. It's nice to see the return of Autos - a nice classic classic. TWO EPISODES: "The End of the World" - At the beginning of this double account to show TARDIS strength, we end up in a story in which the special effects are all! Now they have the technology to create real, convincing environments and monsters - no more rubber suits. Also, hints at the end of this episode about the past of the new Doctor - it's very intriguing to kill all the lords of time and make it the only one. EPISODE THREE: "Restless Dead" - We 've had a future, now we have a past. The first episode that was not written in Davies is somewhat flat in some places, but it was invented by Charles Dickens Simon Call and a sudden twist in the plot when it is revealed that poor Gelf are not so poor ... EPISODE FOUR: "Aliens of London" - Consequences Doctoral procedures have been fully explored in this series, not only because of the consequences Rose has escaped with him. Also, we have our first piston; however, not the best. Slitheen is an interesting bad guy, although he may look too CGI for his own good. EPISODY PET: "Third World War" - The second part of this story about Slitheen suffers mainly from the same problems. from the first. Also, the clips from the next episode that appear at the end of the current episode are boring and corrupted for people. EPISODE SIX: "Far" - Yes! We had the future, the past and the present (ish), but now we come to good things - the return of the doctoral ward. Here I think we can supplement Christopher Ecclestone - he was brilliant as Doctor, and nothing else in this episode, where we see the pain on his face as he recalls the Time War and extraterrestrial nature as he almost turns into Dalek himself. EPIZODA SEDAM: "The Long Game" - it's actually just a story for a series finale prologue. Saved by Simone Pega as a dying editor and Tamsin Grieg in a funny cunt. The media is controlling us - it's never been before, is there ... EPIZODA OSAM: "Father's Day" - this is a great episode. Full of human emotions and heartache for Rose, and make the consequences of what happens when you really confuse history. Here are all reviews for Billie Piper. EPIZODA 9: "Empty Child" - I do not find this child very scary. Sorry, but I do not. Still, it's a good episode, but the cliper could still be better - those "Nekt Time" bits that spoil them. John Barrovman is here portrayed as captain Jack, a polite conman - he is a good actor who has been present for some time, but only apparently noticed. The story of the Second World War - very well made in historical contexts. A nice optimistic ending, although perhaps a bit confusing for younger viewers when the "Mom" is discovered? EPISODE ELEVEN: "Boom Tovn" - probably the weakest in the series, but that does not mean that it's bad. A nice return to Slitheen and an interesting study of doctors and roses. EPIZODA DVANAEST: "Bad Wolf" - this starts quite stupid, with some benevolent humor and drunken party on popular TV shows over it in Blighty. Still, things get deadly serious, and revelation is finally the best jumper in the series! EPISODE THRITEEN: "Getting Out of Ways" - Goodbie Christopher Ecclestone. A fantastic Doctor in so many ways, David Tennant had to really work with his socks to be as good as him. The regeneration scene in the end is beautifully played. Oh, and the Daleks have come back - in the extreme! God blessed the CGI, because they could never do it normally! Overall - Great! 9/10
