As an important part of British pop culture like Monti Pithon and James Bond, Doctor Vho was a massive hit for 26 years (1963-1989), making him one of the most prolific TV shows in the world (most of the series are lucky to have ten seasons). Plans for the re-launch of the series were always on the BBC's agenda, and after the wrongly estimated (not to mention the American-made) TV film produced by Fok, he failed to capture the magic of the original version for another nine years (regardless of the comic relief and animated mini series) were needed before the ultimate Lord's time could be properly returned, thanks to the acknowledged writer Russell T. Davies. Davies's glow in re-introducing character lies in his decision to do so with the eyes of an outsider: Rose Tiler (Billie Piper), a London-based girl who leads a normal life until one night attacks the creatures made of mercury plastic. She is saved from an elusive alien who presents himself as a Doctor (Christopher Eccleston), and then disappears after asking: "It's nice to meet you, Rose, Run for your life!". As it becomes more and more curious about this "man," it is soon found in a whole new world: aliens, invasions, time and space travel, and, of course, omnipresent TARDIS in the form of a police box. The first 45 minutes of a new doctors that are almost perfect (special effects could be used for a little more polishing) because Davies nails two things: a unique humor performance and two protagonists. The original feature of the original series was a blend of spectacular science fiction and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is difficult, if not impossible, to export. Here all laughs are tied to conversations between Rose and Doctor, who appear as completely rounded characters after just one episode. All right, the technical Ecclestone Doctor is Ninth to use this name, but distances himself from the previous eight incarnations, speaking with the northern accent (the one who uses it every day) and justifying it with a brilliant line: "Many planets have north!" However, the real triumph of this episode is Piper: in theory, Rose is in her late teens years, therefore, almost the same years as thousands of young viewers who have never heard of a doctor before. Her portrait of an ordinary girl lost in a new, exciting universe is the reaction of the new generation to the return of the TV icon, and the chemistry that is immediately formed between her and Ecclestone is a sign that points to a new Doctor who is good as First, fifth, ninth, there is no difference: Perhaps there were others before Ecclestone (and Piper), but along with him, Villiam Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the crowd are one unique character, one so cool that he does not need a name: he is a doctor.
