In 2004 I saw "True", Thomas Tikver's contribution to Paris Je T'aime. When I saw him, I adored him and became enthusiastic. He became my favorite short film and he appreciated me so much. Of course, I wanted to see the entire movie, I would even check who was attached, etc. Yesterday I finally saw it, thanks to the internet. All I have to say is that it looks weird. The photo is beautiful in every short and short shot, in the worst case, it is nothing special - but it's still great and clear. I later read trivia here, and maybe it's how scanning in 6K gives more justice to all DP work. I especially like the first scene "Kuais de Seine", the City of Sin of Sin (but better for me) "Quartier de la Madeleine", and "14. Arrondisement" - but you know what the hell like all They: "Truth" or "Faubourg Saint-Denis" still makes me nervous because of these brilliant colors (my eyes, they shiver!) and "Quartier Latin" is gold-trapped on silver. Nice. Yes, these are some nice short films. Now we will look at the content. Very (and I think VERY MUCH) as eclecticism that feels so successfully. You never had the same topic or treatment between two short films, and I think the formula is sufficiently restrictive to allow all these artists to explore beautiful and deepening things within short films. I liked to come from a simple love story in crazy-Chinese music-in-Paris-with-Barbet-Schroeder in a social commentary in a comedy of fear in a modest monologue. I love surprises! And this film has them! It's great that they used the opportunity to drop all these editorial content from things that are not common in mainstream cinema (which I have so far overwhelmed). It's not very experimental, but I can breathe the breathing space that those people had. I love some time and I love acting. I love simplicity and love love. I love simple feelings and beauty and eclecticism, and it's a movie that is very nice to see, alone or with someone. Just feel it. It left me feeling very good. There is something serious about it ... so it's honest ... What I did not like? Well, for me there are two short pants that are not very good - "Kuais de Seine" (which is benign, safe, and maybe even necessary, but it feels too much like a commercial?) And "Pere-Lachaise" although I love acting, I felt I am the ones that are forced. But that's, of course, just me. "Tour Eiffel" I also did not like, but I think it's probably because of my very different sensibilities from Silvain Chometa? I do not know if this film has a special interest in people who already know the actors and directors, and that's why they can enjoy their interaction, in surprises (watch out for Alexander Peine in a funny role) and basically in what Will this director do with this? "The big question. I enjoyed it in this way. I repeat now: most of the short dresses that I loved and all together make a beautiful and energetic mix, I recommend it definitely. love Eclectic Beautiful Love!
