When the sun shines brilliantly in the silent Sunday that will soon wake up, love can be felt in the gentle breeze that passes by my feet and can be seen in the smile of the people I walk by. It's a perfect day to stop for croissants and coffee-la-lait before you go to the city of light and love. Of course, flight to Paris is not reasonable in the budget of this humble film critic, so I had to decide for the next best thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films by various international directors. Each piece is named after a different Parisian neighborhood and is a reflection of love. Carefully not to override the most powerful and convincing of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME explores love in many stages of his game. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And indeed, the better way to express the passing nature of love and how a moment can change your life, but with a collection of recorded moments. The beautiful poetic quote above is taken from Faubourg Saint Denis Thomas Tikver. Tikver (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses true photography and repetition to demonstrate the entire cycle of love, from beginning to decay. Originally filmed in 2004 and co-starred for this anthology, Faubourg stars Natalie Portman as Francine, American actress in Paris for role in the film, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, the blind man he falls in love with. Here blind man leads the blind through the most unstable terrain, where two people consume each other to the point where their lives almost lose their own existence. As it turns out that love passes from the glittering to the dizzy, Tikver reminds us of the tricks that can play on our minds and illusions that it can create when we're out of doubt. Perhaps the biggest gigantic offer is brought by Silvain Chomet's Tour Eiffel. Choosing the city's most prominent attractions due to the title, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a boy who tells the story of how his parents met and fell in love. His father, Paul Putner, fell behind him in a surreal scenario and eventually collapsed into a prison. There luck a woman who will become the love of his life (Iolande Moreau). Miming has become something that dies, if he is not already dead. Still, by nature, she is dreamy and undisturbed. Miming shows his dumb finger on the ridiculousness of human behavior and what, but love can make people more absurd? We could find someone special in the least possible circumstances if we could take a little less seriously. Paris, JE T'AIME keeps the flow alive by not always focussing on love between lovers. Three unforgettable short films focus on the love between parent and child. Valter Salles (MOTORCYCLES) has Catalina Sandino Moreno singing with love to her child before leaving him singing the same song with a long craving for a child watching over her life. Nobuhiro Suva (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) desperately tried to overcome the void she felt after she lost her son. Binosh says very little, but not surprisingly considering her huge talent, her struggle is obvious on her face as she teaches that love sometimes means release. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN'S MUCH) strives for one continuous footage of Nick Nolte and his adult daughters (Sara Martins) who walk together for what has to be the first time in a long time. We only see them on the other side of the street and approach them only when the distance between two characters narrows into a place of comfort and acceptance. The last short screen is the 14ieme Arrondissement of Alexander Pane. As usual, Paine (SIDEVAIS) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is there alone and in less time than she likes because she has dogs waiting at home. She is an ordinary person with a lifeless life who is found in a rich and rich city. In a beautifully delivered French-language French language, she thinks about sights and how she feels there. This woman spends so much time trying to be happy despite many disappointments of life and sitting in a city made for lovers, she realizes that she is actually happy and loves herself more than she knew. He falls in love, at least for a moment, with his life and love. The characters that appear, but in passing, in Paris, JE T'AIME are located in the romantic center of the universe. Tracks that share with each other, whether it is to help someone after a severe fall or extending the hand to another person without touching or without their knowledge, these are moments that give love to your noise and bloom. Beyond the city of lovers, it's easy to miss moments like these, but we need to recall their significance. It takes just a moment for love to pass through the cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. And if a city can be so abundant in love, it must be believed that one day they will reach your door.
