Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful film hommage of the city of light and the city of love, a film so complex that almost defies compression and review. Ask a large group of people about their impressions of life in Paris and the result would be something similar to this film. Linked by every sector or city, the film examines love in all its forms, the people's people in their Parisian modes, and tourists who are interacting with the big city. Twenty writers and directors, each with about five minutes of screen, include Olivier Assaias, Coen brothers, Silvain Chomet, Isabel Coiket, Ves Craven, ALfonso Cuaron, Gerard Depardieu, Christopher Doile, Vincenzo Natali, Alekander Paine, Valter Salles, Nobuhiro Suva and Gus Van Sant, among others less famous. Stories vary from hilarious, to witty, to touching, to tragic, to banal, to tender. In one story, the young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted by a young lithograph (Elias McConnell), dropping his heart into a French-speaking English guy. In another separate husband and wife (Gena Rovlands and Ben Gazzara) they meet in the Latin Quarter to end the divorce proceedings, while the other couple in Pere-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sevell) get married without any link until the spirit of the deceased Oscar Wilde does not intervene. Steve Buscemi in Tuileries faces the superstition in a subway with a bag of tourist collections, in the Bastille Sergio Castellitto (in love with his mistress Leonor Watling) he is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she is confident she has terminal leukemia. sons of fantasy and loss to Place des Victoires with the help of mythical cowboy Villema Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier show a sharp story of the wrong ideas in Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins play a strange relationship in Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays a young man blind actress Natalie Portman in learning how to see Faubourg Saint-Denis, a vampire love between Elijah Vood and Olga Kurilenko in Quartier de la Madeleine, Maggie Gillenhaal is an ex-patriotic actress who breathed a drug into the Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Marg o Martindale is a visiting tourist company that tries to speak frankly French who taught for her life Travel to the gentle hustle and bustle of Arrondissement. The last few minutes of the film attempt to connect as many stories as possible, but it only works at superficial levels. The film is long and there are no bridges between many stories, factors that can bother the audience because of the lack of time to assimilate all the actions. But this is, in the end, a rich detail of respect for the great city and supplies the viewer with many vignettes to visit again as a timekeeper of time in Paris. The movie is worth seeing many times! Builds Harp
