I took my 19-year-old daughter with me to see this interesting exercise in the movie. It always seems to me to be intriguing to get the views and opinions of the second generation about movies, especially since I am such a cynic. It is good to get some unknown opinion from someone who has not yet come to the "was there, he did" to every movie he sees. I'm glad to say that we both really enjoyed it and we thought it was a successful mother / daughter outburst. Far, much better than seeing a dead "chick", which I think we should enjoy, according to demographic data? Eighteen directors were asked to make a brief article on each of Paris's cities, a city I have not visited for 20 years. But I would like to be. They are loosely connected by connecting images and representing various approaches to love in a city that is considered popular in popular culture as the subtle romantic capital of the world. Some of the films work better than others, but, as other reviewers say, they never go too far into a kitsch. Some are funny, some are sad, some are intriguing, and some are simply confusing (I am still trying to discover the deep inner truth in the hairdresser "Flying Tiger, a hidden dragon.") Some are just fun and may not be assigned too much meaning (vampire and tourists, for example.) Perhaps my only criticism of the entire film is that Paris looks too good. It can also be cold, wet, foggy, indifferent and unhappy, or in the summer, burning hot and full of so many tourists to feel like sardines in swords waiting for hours to see every attraction. But I'm worried. My personal favorite was by far the Coen Brothers film shot at the Tuileries metro station and starring starring actor Steve Buscemi as a confused tourist who inadvertently caught himself caught in a lover's trick. Absolutely perfect, and very, very funny, without Buscemi to utter a word. I also enjoyed a dash of two mimicry, which was probably the closest to a movie that was cute - it certainly was on the edge of the kitsch, but it just stayed on the right. Rufus Sevel and Emily Mortimer get a glimpse of the encounter with Oscar Wilde's tomb left me quite indifferent, and Julie Binoc tried to fight the death of her little son and made me very, very unpleasant. I thought Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent and Ben Gazzara / Gene Rovlands were down a bit, but Maggie Gillenhaal was good (did she hook up the market with drugs? I watched Sherri Babi last week.) <Br /> <br / > But I felt that two parts of "social justice" (because of the lack of a better way) worked well. In doing so, I mean, first of all, a film about a young mother who leaves her child in daily care to go and take care of another's baby across the city. And then the film about an African migrant who is struggling to exist on the margins of an indifferent society that stumbles and dies on the street in front of a young, new nurse. Another murder statistics, in a world where thousands of migrants die in a struggle to get to what they see as a better life every year. I thought that both of these works were well noted. The last film, 14. Arondisman, in which Margo Martindale plays a postal worker from Colorado, tells the story of his first trip to Paris? in a very bad pronounced French ?? In her night school in French, she moved me. A perfect ending, a good, intriguing, if not an excellent movie. Paris t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it works pretty well.
