Often, films of this nature encounter a mixed bag of a great deal along with a minor disturbance that fills the time of the performance. Whether it's the support of a big name or the project itself, Paris never descends into this area. I believe that I really can say that the film is entirely better than its parts. Between the wonderful passages and the fantastic final sequence, merging the characters in one last sight of love in Paris, I think the film would suffer if any gears were removed. True, there are definitely some prominent things that overshadow the rest, but ultimately I have a lasting image, even if only a fraction of a second of each short vignette. Love has many forms, and the talent rises to the opportunity to surprise and drive the audience through the strict poetry and elegance of many aspects of emotions. Kuartier des Enfants Rouges: Maggie Gillenhaal is surprised as a drug actress who shot at Paris and met her dealer. The discovery in its endings leaves you with a little balance until the love between them changes hands. Kuatier Latin: Ben Gazzara and Gene Rovlands (re-create a link from the old Cassavettes movie?) a sharp ghost and sarcasm as they meet to discuss the upcoming divorce. What is true of their conversation is true, and what is only to offend the other is all that is pleasant, leaving a smile on your face. Kuais de Seine: The director of Gurinder Chadha gives us a touching portrait of love beyond religious and racial differences. It's a cute little story of shy love between two people who obviously feel the connection, but they can not vocalize it. Tour Eiffel: I will admit I am disappointed that Silvain Chomet has not received an animated series together, however, this lively action story about the mysteries that fall in love with the Paris Prison has the same strange nature as his film Les Triplettes de Belleville . Tuileries: Brothers Coen stick to their strange sense of humor and it is worth laughing nicely. Steve Buscemi really shines and sells performance without saying a word. His facial reactions to the verbal abuse of the disgruntled French are invaluable. Bastille: Here's a heart-shaped portrait of a couple that is out of love just to get back in the face of a tragedy. Sergio Castellitto and Miranda Richardson move as a couple dealing with problems and find out how strong a bond of true love is. Pere-Lachaise: A surprisingly funny little story by the masters of Horror Vesa Craven. A little humor Oscar Wilde can add some kind of connection. Parc Monceau: Alfonso Cuaron looks to exercise an incredible long race that he perfected in "Children's Men" with this story of two lovers walking down the street. As Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier finally appear in close-up, we find the true context of their conversation about "forbidden love". Porte de Choisi: A very surreal look in Paris. This is probably the most unusual entry, but it's so intriguing that you can not distract from the insanity that follows. Do not get angry with your Asian cosmetics, whatever you do. Pigalle: An interesting look at the link that passes through a role play that looks stagnant for years. A little variety of Bob Hoskins needs to be lit. Quartier de la Madeleine: Even vampires in Paris can find love among feeding hours. I do not know if I should be happy about Ilija Vood or not. Beautifully captured and muffled to allow the life of bloody red, this short is strange, but then there is love. 14. arondisman: Leave this unusual sense of humor to Alexander Pane to really add to the depth of this voice story says that an American in Paris has discovered what love is. Her sharp, uneducated French language is a very sharp contrast with the authentic accents we listened to this point, which is difficult enough to be funny and completely faithful. Montmartre: An interesting introduction to the process. Paris may be a city that is outraged by everyday activities such as finding a parking lot, but when love is discovered, its prisoner will need to go anywhere anywhere. Loin du 16eme: Catalina Sandino Moreno greatly shows what love for a child is through her subtle performance while the story is stored from her singing to a small child, but completely different every time. Place des Fetes: My favorite story of a bunch. Seidou Boro and Aissa Maiga are just fantastic. The cyclical nature of the story and how fate brings two characters together twice to finally ask Boro for coffee is hard to watch. Sometimes love at the last moment is enough to accept the abandonment of this country. Place des Victoires: One of the best stories about a mother who is trying to deal with the death of her son. Juliette Binoche is devastating like her mother, who desperately wants her last look at her son, and Villem Dafoe is unusually perfect as a cowboy that allows her a chance. he lost his love to accept that he was not fully invested in a relationship. Melchior Beslon reminds, trying to find out where they made a mistake through a series of sharp, quick cuts from the meeting Natalie Portman to finally "see" how much she needs. Le Marais: Leave it to Gus Van Sant showed us a story of void in communication and understanding because his films are almost always dealing with some form of alienation. His photographer from Elephant is an American who works in Paris and is a catalyst for the artwork of Gaspard Ulliel about love and related souls. Sometimes you do not have to know what is being said to understand what is happening in the breaks.
