The 18 directors had the same task: to tell stories of love in Paris. Of course, some of them turned out to be better than others, but the entire mosaic is pretty charming - in addition, would not it be boring for everyone to have the same vision of love? Here's how I rang the segments (which can change during another viewing): 1. "Quartier Latin", Gerard Depardieu One of the greatest French actors has ever directed my favorite segment , in which there were always stunning Gene Rovlands and Ben Gazzara. Witty and wonderful. 2. "Tour Eiffel", Silvain Chomet Cute, visually stunning (thanks to the director of "Tripleti Belleville") story of a little boy whose parents are mimi; 3. "Tuileries", Ethan and Joela Coena The Brothers Coen + Steve Buscemi = Hugely 4. "Parc Monceau", Alfonso Cuaron ("I Tu Mama Tambien", "Children of Men"), feat. Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier (funny); 5. "Place des Fetes", Oliver Schmitz, feat. Seidou Boro and Aissa Maiga (touch); 6. "14. Arrondissement", Alekander Paine's ("Choice", "About Schmidt") wonderful view of the pathetic side of life, here is the present, feat. the underrated actress Margo Martindale (mother Hilari Swank in "Million Dollar Babi") as a lonely, middle-aged American on vacation; 7. "Faubourg Saint-Denis", Tom Tikver ("Run Lola Run") angry style works in the story of a young actress (Natalie Portman) and a blind man (Melchior Beslon) who falls in love; 8. "Pere-Lachaise", would be Ves Craven, feat. Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sevell (plus curious comedy Alekander Paine as ... Oscar Wilde!); 9. "Loin du 16eme", Valter Salles and Daniela Thomas (a simple but moving story by talented Brazilian directors, featuring Catalina Sandino Moreno); 10. "Quartier des Enfants Rouges", Olivier Assaias ("Clean"), sad story. always fantastic Maggie Gillenhaal; 11. "Le Marais", would Gus Van Sant, feat. Gaspard Ulliel, Elias McConnell and Marianne Faithful (simple, but funny); 12. "Quartier de la Madeleine", Vincenzo Natali, feat. Elijah Vood and Olga Kurilenko; 13. "Kuais de Seine", Gurinder Chadha; 14. "Place des Victoires", would Nobuhiro Suva, feat. Juliette Binoche and Villem Dafoe; 15. "Bastille", Isabel Coiket (phenomenal director underrated "My Life Without Me"), feat. Miranda Richardson, Sergio Castellitto, Javier Camara and Leonor Watling; 16. "Pigalle", Richard LaGravenese, feat. Bob Hoskins and Fanny Ardant; 17. "Montmartre", would be with Bruno Podalides; 18. "Porte de Choisi", Christophera Doila, Barbie Schroeder (generally known as Barfli, Reverse of Fortune and Single Vhite Female). brilliant, and the other average (or even a bit boring), but none of them is bad. All in all, I give "Paris, Je t'Aime" 8.5 / 10 and I recommend it for what it is: a beautiful mosaic of love and other things between.
