... for Paris is a mobile feast. "Ernest Hemingway" It is impossible to count how many talents immortalized Paris in paintings, novels, poems, songs, short but unforgettable quotes, and that - Celebrated film director Mak Ophuls said for Paris, "He offered great wet boulevards under street lights, a breakfast in Montmartre with a cognac in a glass, a cup of coffee and lukewarm brios, gigolo and a prostitute in the night. Everyone in the world has two homelands: his own and Paris. "Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Je T'Aime ", which is the subtitle" Petite romance ", is a collection of short films, often sketches of 18 talented directors from around the world, in We meet each of them with one of the 20 arondist of the City of Light and with the Parisians of all ages, sexes, colors and backgrounds that all deal with love in many variations and phases. In some of the "petty romances" we witness the unexpected encounters of aliens leading to current interest, closeness, and possibly relationships: as for Podalides and Florence Muller in the street ontmartre in the opening film or Sirila Descours and Leila Bechti as a white boy and a Muslim girl whose intercultural romance directed by Gurinder Chade begins at Kuais de Seine, and I would include in this category a humorous short film by Gus Van Santa, "Le Marais" brings his heart to another boy who recognizes a sudden unexpected closeness, asking for permission to call - never realizing that the subject of his interest does not understand French. Some of the vignettes are tedious and even gloomy. In Valter Salles and Daniele Thomas' Loin du 16eme, Catalina Sandino Mareno (an incredible debut for Marco full Grace nominated for the Oscars) is the unmarried mother of a working class who has to work as a nanny in a wealthy neighborhood to pay for the day care for her baby every morning before he goes to work. One of the most striking and darkest films is Oliver Schmitz's "Place des Fetes". Aissa Maiga and Seidou Boro act like two young men whom love could have happened. There were promises about it, but it was interrupted by hatred and intolerance that are present everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. The one she really gave me was "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coiket, featuring Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto fell out of love with his wife, Richardson, but when he is ready to go with a lovely mistress, a terrible news comes from his wife's doctor ... I can continue to think about all 18 small gems. Some of them like me very much. The others felt bad and may soon be forgotten, but in general I'm glad to buy a DVD and I know that I will return to my favorite movies again. These are the "Place des Fetes" I have already mentioned, Pere-Lachaise, directed by Vesa Craven, which includes the spirit of one of the smartest and smartest people ever, Oscar Wilde (Alecander Paine, director of "Sideways") who would save a problematic relationship . Pane also directed the "14th Arrondissement" in which a lonely middle-aged worker from Denver, CO investigates the city itself by voice over French with hard accent. Paine's entry is one of the fastest and most entertaining "Tuileries" by Joel and Ethan Coen with (who else? :) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both short dresses, American tourists sit on benches (Margo in the park, and Steve in Paris after visiting Luvery) watching the life around them with different results. While Margo can say: "My feeling is sad and light, my grief is great ..." Steve's character will find that sometimes even the most comprehensive and useful travel guide will not help tourists avoid doing the wrong thing in a foreign country.
