I just saw this tonight at a digital projection seminar (shot at 35mm, and the first full-length movie was completely scanned to 6k recorded in 4k, and projected with a 2k projector at the ETC / USC theater in Hvd) .. for tech stuff. 18 directors (including Alekander Paine, Ves Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Valter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among several good French / international directors) got 5 minutes to make a love story. They come in all shapes and shapes, with famous actors (Elijah Vood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ... totally hilarious ..., Maggie Glillenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rovlands .. so good .. and she actually wrote a piece in , Ms. Depardieu and many good international actors, stories differ from all romantics to unusual comedy to Alec Paine's touching study about the woman discovering Van Sant and one of those things that happen anywhere ... perhaps by placing French in most sequences (with English subtitles) and a small amount of real (a la Diva.) And only one piece that can be considered "experimental" but colorful and funny, has remained simple research of sometimes complex relationships, and everything is easy to follow (unless " experimental "does not irritate your desire for a formal story. Some have brought some emotions to me ... I admit I'm hit by love in the cinema ... when it's shown in something other than sentimentality. I even laughed at a piece of mimicry, like no one else I saw (thank you for that!) The movie reached its peak, for me, about half way, and then the last two sequences were picked up again. Some beautiful photos of Paris at night, a lush romantic music, usually used for a good effect, and not just for "emotions" in sound, generally good cinema, although some footage seemed soft focus when it could not mean that (the main character in the frame / scene). The rolling of each movie was good, and the overall structure, although a bit long (they omitted two of the 20 films, but said they would all be on DVD), seems to vary between movie tones to maintain a good balance. You are not sure when it will appear, but a good study of how to do a 5 minute movie work ... and sometimes, what does not work (if it covers too much time, emotionally, for a short film). when they were released, but did not know when.
