It's not easy to make a movie with 18 different stories in it. Although 18 different international directors have taken on the challenge, not all of them are good and some even boring. But in his entity, "Paris, it's time" takes away breath, showing that, like "love in fact," "love is everywhere around," especially in the city of love. Here is a summary (I will try to do as much as possible without spoilers) of 18 different stories. MONTMARTRE - a type of boring opening, nothing special about it. A man finds a parking spot and sees many weird couples walking, wondering why he can not find a girl. And then, suddenly, the woman faints next to her car ... KUAIS DE SEINE - another blunt sequence, about three teenagers looking for a "piece of ass" when suddenly a Muslim girl travels right in front They receive help from one of the boys. It's really basic, but with a sweet heart for it. LES MARAIS - this was a great disappointment! Although a love story between two boys with an art background might have been interesting by the great Van Sant. In the end, everything that comes from Ulliel's monologue is good, just before it's just unpleasant. TRAVEL - a fun Seen Brothers Coen. Buscemi - without any words - fascinates and the whole sequence is just hilarious. This one kept me attached to the very end, and this one brought you to the film. LUDI DU 16IEME - is also a beautiful story, even if the execution is bad, the heart is there. It's a story about a Latin American woman who left her baby early in the morning to take care of another suburban baby. Nice. PORTE DE CHOISI - this segment must be the strangest and strangest of the whole film. Some kind of shampoo seller arrives in the Chinese quarter-place in Paris. If I understand correctly, it's a story of inner beauty, but I think I'm wrong. BASTILLE - really a wonderful array. A man encounters his wife in a restaurant to break with her, so she can escape with her mistress. But the woman has some devastating news. Pretty basic, but truly sad and beautiful! PLACE DES VICTOIRES - sad sequence. Juliette Binoche plays a mourned mother. One night she wakes up listening to her dead child. When she arrives at the location, the cowboy tells her she can give her last departure to her child. One of the best segments! TOUR EIFFEL - two moms that fall in love can be great, but even if they have some nice movie tricks, the story is not intriguing and not funny at all. PARC MONCEAU - a truly original and great set, one of the best in the movie! A young girl and an older man are talking about their future and their fear for a certain person ... Cuaron makes a great directing job, and the actors are incredible! KUARTIER DES ENFANTS ROUGES - American actress (Gillenhaal) falls in love with her drug dealer. again a nice segment, with a very sad ending DES FETES CITY - a woman comes to the homeless, starts to talk to her romantically ... because she is the love of his life. Beautiful, sad, shocking, romantic, ... Place des Fetes will all cry. PIGALLE - a boring sequence between Ardant and Hoskins, who are looking for new excitement in their relationship ... very unassuming and irrational, Pigalle is giving in. QUARRY DE LA MADELINE - brings a certain variety in the film, KdlM is a relief. The young guy (Vood) finds a vampire that kills a victim ... A tourist and a vampire ... they fall in love! Dark, scary and unusual romantic, Madeleine is great. PERE-LACHAISE - another segment that is relaxing. He directed Ves Craven with stars like Mortimer and Sevell, it could have been great, but Pere-Lachaise is just plain, it's not genuine at all. FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS - rumors are TRUE, Tviker's short film is beautiful, stunning and well made. The blind man picked up the phone and heard from his girlfriend (Portman - truly amazing) that she broke up with him. He's thinking about their relationship. CAREER Latin - although this segment co-directed Depardieu and has such stars as Rovlands, Gazzara and Depardieu, and this segment is also giving up. Nothing happens, lack of chemistry between actors. 14. ARRONDISSEMENT - the last sequence is hilarious and sad at the same time. An American in her French class talks about her trip to Paris. Her French is really awesome, but at the end of the segment she realizes that Paris is much more than can be seen. With Feist on the background, "Paris, is t'aime" ends. in a sweet tone, not letting me go down, although some segments are damnable to me, the film's content is great! A true film experience for young and old. Paris, is a t'aime vraiment!
