I was fortunate to attend the Stockholm screenings for this elegant, cozy and thoughtful movie. With romance as the heaviest weapon in his arsenal, Paris t'aime bravely embarked on love in Paris, navigating in different forms in eighteen separate "four", but without the pariance of Parisiennes and saccharin formulas. Does his golden ore undoubtedly come from frustration in the director's parts? frustration for only 5-10 minutes of screen? so you only show the best and most reliable direction from each party. Discussing whether I should review all 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that it will only be superfluous and long-lasting. Instead, be sure that every director praises the movie with its eccentric styles and skills, and you will definitely find your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant can not resist the temptation to be introspective, his LES MARAIS is one of the better contributions, and even enters the well-positioned reference of Kurt Cobain. Coen Brothers create one of the more affordable segments in Paris, a scene with a dull but emotionally transparent Steve Buscemi, an unmistakable humor and smart corner of the camera that surely caused the greatest laughter in my theater, and perhaps right. In this way all the stories are uniquely unique? filter through the minds of different directors ?? but the one who deviates most from the others is Vincenzo Natalie KUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE, a dark horror-gothic love that plays Elijah Vood as a lost tourist in the Paris Streets on the night of the vampire. With a black-and-white format, but the contrast in a red-red color that seems to be incredibly exhausted from the screen almost becomes a paste of the City of Sin? refreshing the creepy and visual reversal of an otherwise pretty grounded film. However, my favorite segment was FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS by Tom Tikver, but I think I was conditioned so I think, since I went to the theater with him as my favorite and pushed a friend Aside from saying "finally, there's my favorite director here." Still, one can not deny that Tikver delivers a wonderful segment in which the blind boy takes the phone and hears from his girlfriend (Portman - sometimes unpleasant) that she breaks off with him, and thinks about their relationship. Like Tivka's style, the story is spinningly fast, kinetic and repetitive, with screaming and running (Lola Rennt) making it the most adrenaline segment in Paris, and perhaps the most handsome when Tivker begins to use his most powerful tool? music. To fill in the negative account, obviously not all directors managed to touch as Tivker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coiket and Depardieu. Silvain Chomet broke the bottom of the crowd by cutting out a genuinely free segment in which a little boy was persuading a story about how his parents met. These are two lonely moms. This part is so French and desperately strange to offend international viewers. Suva also directs the poor and soft segment with the unusually exhausting Juliette Binoche, who mourns the loss of her son. Nothing else is happening. Finally, the ending and interweaving of 18 stories in the end feels a bit urgent and semi-arid. Still, Paris is a true prey of quality, because all the other stories are good-worked with sharp acting and fun writing. This is certainly one of the most significant events in 2006 (I do not speak much, I suppose) and a very personal movie in the sense that it is inevitable to choose your favorite and least favorite. It is recommended that they both turn into "pretentious" (heh) audience. 8 of 10
