I found myself in the sixth and seventh while I was watching this one. Altman's touch with zooming and exit was there, and I expected these devices to comment on the character and situations. Unfortunately, as far as I could see, they were sometimes free, sometimes witty, often infertile because they did not point to an ironic or other connection. In particular, two zooms from a gold-plated dome in the sauna were just confused. To be honest, however, several of the outs and ins insights for Branagh have intensified the growing confusion of his character, and by Pudgy McCabe or Philip Marlow's. On the whole, the zoms were, well, inconsistent, and sometimes even banal. Other almanac devices, such as multiple glass windows between camera and subject, have succeeded in suggesting solipsism or narcissism or opacity of state-of-the-art characters. Auto glass, house windows and other screens were used efficiently and fairly consistently, I felt, coming back to PLAIER, and even LONG GOODBIE. A few stunning jumps, especially on the leading television advertising, reminded me of such use in short cuts, to the anchovy effect. The Grisham-genre swing did not excite me. Directed masterpieces from the 1970s revised and deconstructed various classic genres, including a detective film that in some ways resembled that hunt; This time, the director seemed to have not enough arrows in his anal trembling to hit any significant blow in the soft poison of this belligerent genre. Could the producer of the Mammoth move him? Or do I miss something, because of my poor knowledge of the genre that he has here? However, the casting was excellent everywhere: Tom Berenger (for his terrifying feralness), Branagh for his (exhausted) hubris, the pheromone haze of Robert Dovey Jr, Robert Duvall's garbage method, and Davidtz's hidden femme-fatality it was close to the perfect choice. And apart from a couple of excursions from Georgia to Chicago by (brunette) Daril Hannah, the accents were convincingly southern. Suspensions and mood were amazing, even if the story was not completely rivet. viewers. The dark atmosphere of the coastal pre-Hurricane barometric submersion was excellent, painstakingly expressed - I felt as if I were rushing to the server to immediately turn on the wet fridge. I broke it, in the end I rated it 7. <br /> <br />
