Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I must admit that I enjoyed movies that are usually overlooked: "Quintet", even though it was only because it gave me pleasure to see an adult and beautiful Brigitte Fossei, who was unforgettable as a girl in the "Forbidden Games"; "HealtH", because Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Voodard and Glenda Jackson are all in the same composition; "Popeie", for that brilliant and surreal world, Olive Oil Shelley Duvall and magnificent locations in Malta; "O.C. & Stiggs", for his proposal of anti- "adolescents"; "Beiond Therapi," for all of his craziness and the presence of Genevieve Page, which for all his efforts to look like Parisian chic taken for travestit ... I even enjoyed his films in one act, such as "The Dumb Vaiter" " and "Laundry Laundry." When there are not many complications in his films, you have wonderful performances from Burnett, John Travolte, Kim Basinger, or Jane Curtin. I see and enjoy the different approaches and descriptions it makes about the different cultures of the United States. his genius is rarely appreciated, and he is always forgotten when the time comes for him to it's not your typical source of fantasy, it's more disenfranchised, so it's not surprising to find here so many bad comments posted here on Gingerbread Man, his biggest "mainstream" effort to date and how much I am I know, I did not know there were so many people who thought like Leonard Maltin, who does not like Altman at all. In this case, a man may not like "Gingerbread Man," but for me, he has more to do with Grisham than with the director-screenwriter. Some of Altman's trademarks are here: improvised dialogue, great performances, a funny law office with a typical dishonest receptionist and a secretary. While some people were bored, I found the first act fascinating, thanks to the great cinematography of Changvei Gua, the man who recorded "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Farewell Mi Concubine". There is a way to show us the same things that we see in other American films, but under different light. With its "stranger's look" almost everything looks new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait until it grows. You can get into trouble if you fall under the spell of a younger and more beautiful one like Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I did fascinated by someone younger than me! Then you have the repulsive, frightening and mysterious character of Robert Duvall, while Geraldo's storm threatens Savannah. The second act becomes somewhat falsified and even ridiculous, as Altman may have ridiculed him. I remember laughing in a few cases with his ironic remarks. I think he applied a little Brecht, distancing us, preparing us for the third act, which is an ordinary Hollywood pastis. Altman works with expertise. As a wise man and an intelligent director, fortunately, he did not fall into the traps of today's action movies. He managed the story of lust, greed and death. I did not disappoint myself with the film. If I give him nine instead of 10, it's because of the Grisham. The American reader turned him into the best-selling author. Why then to complain? Perhaps we should thank Altman for showing us the seams in his stories, dullness, flatness and stupidity of all of them. However, he does so with so much taste and humor that he can not disagree with negative comments. For me these people saw another movie ... and vice versa.
