"Gingerbread Man is the first thriller I've ever done!" ?? Robert Altman in 1955, Charles Laughton directed "Night of the Hunter," a ghostly piece of Southern Gothic in which Robert Mitchum plays a scary serial killer. One of the most famous film sequences consists of two children fleeing from Mitchum on a rowing boats, and children roar wildly while Mitchum goes after them as a monster. Seven years later, Mitchum played the same spooky killer in "Cape Fear," another film set in the US south. In that film, a local lawyer appeared who tried to protect his family and also ended up with Mitchum who terrorized people on board. In 1991, Martin Scorsese, trying to pull himself off and grapple with something bigger, transformed the "Cape Fear", the boat scene and all that. Southern Gothic. Altman says he consulted the "Hunter Night" for inspiration and dealt with such a mainstream film just because he wanted to "spread his wings and try a picture for popcorn," but what he secretly is trying to do is deconstruction of canonical films. Southern Gothic genre. So, instead of calculating on a small ship, the calculation on a huge boat is obtained. Instead of kidnapping two children, we get two children who are sure to return to the police. Instead of hiding money, money is easily given through the will and the will. Instead of a fair 1961 lawyer and a remorseful remake lawyer from 1991, we get a pretty three-dimensional attorney in Kenneth Branagh. Instead of the monster hitting the family, we force the hero to run bad guys. Instead of the monster entering the family ship, we have a hero who catches a monster on a "home ship" of monsters. Also, instead of a killer serial killer, we get an innocent freak played by Robert Duvall. . etc .. etc. Altman goes on and on, changing a little, pulling the edges and doing his thing. His touch is most visible during the first half-hour film, a film that exists in an uneasy space between conventional film storytelling and Altman's tendency to overlapping dialogue, occasional narratives, the wandering of the camera movement, and the way in which the characters are not so introduced as they are simply part of what is happening. Still, despite Altman's best intentions, the film never rises above the center. Altman is too attached to the "thriller" convention conventions to do a lot of damage, his style is too lethargic to create tension and the film is not radical enough to counteract other canonical films in the genre. "Gingerbread Man" is, therefore, too mainstream to work as a pure Altman movie and too much Altman to work as a mainstream thriller. Film, however, is not complete waste. Robert Dovnei Junior, Kenneth Branagh and usually unbearable Daril Hannah, all turn into juicy performances. The film also has a pleasant atmosphere, which opposes the upcoming hurricane, and the final act contains some interesting crafts. Although Scorsese's "Cape Fear" was not a complete disaster, the film still does not represent anything special. 7/10 ?? At the end of the nineties, Altman made three successive films in the American South: "Kansas City", "Gingerbread Man" and "Cookie Fortune". Unlike "Gingerbread Man", "Kansas City" and "Cookie's Fortune" deal with the genre in a wider, loose screen with which Altman responded most. Kansas City is more important than these two films, its hierarchy of class, politics and criminality, and its desire to radically shift away from typical gangster genre frames would prove to be influential on all serious 21st film writers of criminal films (see, for example, "The Vire"). In this way, Cookie's Fortune, although it is a much thinner story, may be a better picture. Note: Altman claims this is his first thriller, but he directed "Images", an art house thriller, 1972. Worth a review.
