Robert Altman should not make such a film, but the fact that he did it - and it turns out to be a pretty good and firmly wounded thriller in that tradition of the Grisham - shows the versatility that is commendable. In Gingerbread Man, he must actually work with something that, unfortunately, is not always very successful, or at least not the first thing on his checklist as a director: a plot. There is one of those large, juicy plots in which sucked lawyers are caught in a desperate low-class woman, and then into the infamous person with whom a woman is in a relationship, and enters their lives in the most incredible ways. , iada iada. It is surprising that Altman would really want to take one of these "I've seen it coming from the back!" or just a semi-conventional thriller. But it is a surprise to be paid because, as is unusual enough, Altman is able to capture something of this very fine behavior, or rather that it is inadvertently capable of persuading him from a very nice ensemble, small town environment. The film is dripping in the atmosphere (if not total top-dressing, it's sometimes good and sometimes only decent for Altman), because Savannah may be hit by a big hurricane, and wetlands and swamps and rain keep things soaked and moist and damp. So, the atmosphere is really potent, but also comes from (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as a 'woman' dealt with by lawyers Branaugh, and Robert Dovei Jr (when he * is not * good?) As a private detective in Branaugh's business. Did I ignore Robert Duvall, who in just five minutes of the screen makes such an indelible impression of hanging up the poor vibration of the image? As said, let the plot be a little weak, or just a standard one (the lawyer is divorced, an outrageous fight for surveillance, innocent and stupid children), but at the same time I think Altman saw something incredible in material, slightly darker than some other Grisham works that somehow distinguish it. If he is not completely masterful, he still works on his limited terms as what will happen - the next mystery - South Noir.
