Stephen Spielberg wanted to win the Oscars so badly that he realized he would not win by mastering special-effects epics (he was nominated for three of them: "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "The Robbers of the Lost Ark" and "ET: Extra Earth", so that he decided to become a very serious director of "Color Purple", a film film with no special effects. "The Color Purple" won 11 Oscars nominations, including Best Picture, but Spielberg was unfairly downgraded when he was not nominated for Best Direction, and Oscar was even worse when this one the film did not win "The Color Purple" was supposed to win a pair of Oscars, including one for Vhoopi Goldberg's spectacular film debut as Celie, a woman suffering from an ugly husband (terribly set by Danny Glover), then gets stronger with a film thanks to some special friends.Oprah Vinfrei also debuted on this film and gives a great performance like Sofia, one of those friends of Celie.As I'm from Chicago, I already knew Vinfrei from her talk show (which at the time of this film was not released in the whole country). Like Goldberg, what kind of movie debut! Margaret Avery is as great as Shug Avery, another friend who is also mistress of Celie's rotten husband. All three actresses received the Academy Award nominations for their work (Goldberg for Best Actress, Vinfrei and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). Placed in the south during the first half of the twentieth century, "Purple Color" is a film so strong that I was crying in the end. I also laughed. Why the Academy's voters so hardly claimed that they would not nominate Spielberg for best direction is a mystery that confuses me today. But Spielberg would eventually continue to win two Oscars a year later for Schindler's List and Saving Private Rian, making him one of the best film directors of all time. But he should have been nominated for this film. The work that was done by blockbusters of special effects such as "E.T." in a serious drama like "Color Purple" was extraordinary. **** (from four)
