In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most consistent filmmakers of all time. But this is generally known; I think that his main problem is a series of genres that he covers, while at the same time he does not develop any particular style that could mark him as an author. Hitchcock loved his uncertainty and his horror / thriller; Chaplin loved his comedy; Scorsese, among others, likes his stories about the mafia, and Spielberg likes a big, big budget adventure movie that combines enough adult violence and entertainment for children. Other, even more blurry examples are Kubrick and Velles who wrote too much about it. But Schumacher is the type that makes a flaved movie that turns around a great idea or a really enjoyable movie that revolves around a seemingly boring premise. Falling Down had a great idea behind him, but I considered him to be flawed and anti-climate with too many scenes that seem to rely on comedy. Batman is a superhero; Superhero films have recently been big hits, so he managed to make not one but two terrible superheroes of the movie. Then comes 8MM; a film with the basic premise that takes place in an impressive way before Tigerland, which is Schumacher's best film from what I've seen so far, in my opinion. With the war genre, laughter is not something that would be associated with it most of the time. I remember how I mocked the absurdity of D-day landing at the time Saving Private Rian: at the time I first saw the movie, I did not have much knowledge about the World War II bar when it started and ended. My eyebrows rose, my mouth gently opened with the weak 'I can not believe I'm smiling' on my face. Needless to say, because of this film, he asked for something more about what the event was and the war on the whole. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the pointlessness of war through Bozza (Farrell), a difficult and egoistic military training for the Vietnam War. scenes of battle and death and destruction; only one man and his system battle most of the time. The things he says and the daring in which he deals with his problem resembles a school child who ends a series of teachers in an extremely rigorous boarding school. Tigerland can borrow from Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it is a routine training for the Vietnam War, but the ego and superegos play a bigger role here, I think. Superegoi who are military sergeants go against Bozz whose ego is extremely large. There is also the third part of Freud's triangle that sneaks into Bozz: ID. Compared to all other soldiers who have a pretty big ego, Bozz is the only brave enough to show it to the sergeants, suggesting that he allows what does not need to float to the surface and express: "You are all dead in this situation! "barking sergeant. "Any questions?" "Yes, if I'm dead, how can I ask a question?" corresponds to Bozzu whose punishments such as push-up and dirt seem to un-phase it in a true ID style; That's he's enjoying the punishment. Also in connection with super games, Bozz at one point tries to command a group of soldiers in field training. This is something that the existing captain can not do, suggesting that he is missing and superego needed for work and confidence to tell Bozzu that he is the main one. What follows is a real conversation between Bozza and an existing sergeant who gives him his name. This is the place where the character of Wajjas (Vhigham) character appears: his uncontrolled anger and rage at Bozz explodes at a certain time, and all culminates in the real scenes of the film in a shooting that is in the form of exercise in the river. Wilson can not control his impulses and does not like Bozza and works out. What I also liked about Tigerland is that it was shot in a way that is brave. Although innovation is missing, Tigerland seems to use lower-end or lower-case movies to cross over its persistent looks. Do not make a mistake that this is a movie that looks nice and full of color and appeal. But in the final piece, we get a documentary approach, so it all looks like it was shot on a typical everyday TV camera; the emphasis on the hand is also obvious, but Schumacher is smart: he never allows the movie to become too much like mock-documentaries, while at the same time suggesting that the budget's budget could be half of what it was. It is worth mentioning here that Spielberg said that Saving Private Rian wants to look like a real shot or something like it was taken from war scenes. While you are very fun and fun, Tigerland is still a great study of what makes people tickle; not necessarily in war but in the nearest possible replacement. His study of one man and how much he hates a system that can not be taken seriously, is fascinating, just like every soldier. There are several unforgettable scenes and situations that culminate with a happy, if not unfortunate ending that will open your mind and encourage you to think about what might be really like in the army.
