TIGERLAND / (2000) *** 1/2 (out of four) Blake French: Throughout the years, the audience watched and understood war films with every point possible, and producers and writers somehow always come up with new and innovative methods of displaying different soldiers on the battlefield. Joel Schumacher ("8MM," A Time to Kill "), easily one of the most risky directors he's currently working on, has found a resemblance to" Thin Red Line "in the way his new drama" Tigerland "enters the shoes of an individual soldier. , written by Ross Klavan and Michael McGuther, has more courage and irony than "The Thin Red Line" or even "Saving Private Rian." Although the dramatic impact of the film is somewhat diminished due to the perversity of the existing material, this certainly illuminates the new perspective of training young men for war. I would like to know the experiences of Joel Schu the machere in the army, are men truly giddy and brutal? I am sure that some of them are, but the film is looking at its uncompromising world with the eyes of a young man named Colin Farrell, who fights the idea of ​​war. with a few other characters, one who becomes his best friend, Pakton (Matthev Davis), and others, Russell Richardson, whose flame temperament often upset Bozza's tension with the idea of ​​going to war. The war shown in this production was not found on the battlefield, but on the campsite camps based on Louisiana, between the concepts and fears of soldiers on training. This film is specifically about preparations for the war, nothing more. It ends when soldiers finally go to war, somehow disappointing, because testifying to characters in action would serve as compensation. Recorded at the location for about 28 days, with 16mm stock and minuscule budget, Joel Schumacher accurately displays a coarse, perverse, cruel and ruthless atmosphere using handheld cinema, unique lighting techniques and direct sound. Schumacher's grainy and disheartened images make the film feel like a documentary film. This unusual style of film only contributes to the realism of the film, quite graphically in the use of rude language, perhaps a little disturbing. Waves of quadruple words break the audience, some in shock because of what they hear. Even the extreme amount of vulgarism does not keep the dialogue prevalent as heartbreaking, genuine and emotional. If nothing else, "Tigerland" gives us a small estimate of how many of our soldiers are going through our in the initial stages of the battle. Such courage is needed to enter the army during the war, knowing the difficulties and risks that are being taken. Such ideas that inspired thought are enabled through the heartbreaking performances of young actors who want to portray different students. This film is not for all audiences, but for those young people should look before they join the army ... and the adult audience should be careful to appreciate the courage needed for it. <br /> <br />
