Vill and Ted's Bodacious journey is an existential journey through the themes of mortality, religion, time, paradise and hell, man's quest for glory and fears that the body will be overcome by a soulless machine. It is the most intelligent work of the fiction of Lost Paradise and is referenced by many great art works - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time the guys are a famous rock band that has traveled through time collecting icons from the past - Napolean, Joan O Ark (Nina's wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they learned from each of these people, kidnapped several princesses, and eventually learned to play guitars and write hits. These songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger, and evil are destroyed for eternity. We are moving forward in the distant future in which an evil dictator who despises good music called Simon Cov-Al wants to rule the world. He eats Rooshus (a cool guy from the first movie that helps Bill Plaiboi Eskuire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gets the power to send two cyborgs in the past. Cyborgs are living tissue through a metal exoskeleton and are coated with a mimetic poly-alloy that allows them to survive the turbulence of time travel, and can imitate everything they try by physical contact. Their job is to kill a good Biff and Fred and take their lives making horrible music that no one can love. By doing so, they will forever change the world - Grill and Eating music will never be left to leave the world of war, hunger and hate, and even more boring, bland boys and girls pop music. There is a stunning craft when good guys are really killed and they have to develop a way to save the world, themselves and their wives from the evil supplements that inhabit their bodies. Penelope Spheerhead shows her. knowledge of youth culture and real culture by mixing modern day music and phrases with post-modern sets and artistic references, and striving to teach us everything by entering our psyche to show us ourselves. It represents the nightmares faced by a girl of the late eighties in the society that left them and invites us to dissect poststructuralist chauvinism, only the love and malice of that time. Fill us with the conviction that we can really change the world, this is an inspiring message, but in order to achieve such dreams we have to cross and really confront our nightmares. To overcome success is to defeat Death is the first step in true life, not just survival. According to Kenneth Reeves - "Wow!" Best Scene: For a fun game - see how many songs, bands and albums cover references that you can see throughout the movie. There are at least 6 of them.
