The first film had little ambition, so nothing remained on the screen. It was a bad version of 'Back to the Future' with zero charm. When they accepted that Bill & Ted is stupid, a joke can be got to the audience so long before it breaks. This is a surprise. This is your only spoiler warning ... According to today's standards, this is more fun. This was discarded after the release, sadly since more talent was involved than the first time. We got a photographer 'Face / Off', editor 'Fugitive', production designer from Burton's early works, and sound designer 'Matrix'. The writers have made up their shallow look. for the first time with something deep. Since it was rejected by fans and the audience, the director probably decided that the style is too extreme. No, it fits into the material. Like 'Death Becomes Her' and 'Catch-22', this dares to be smart, but we love our movies "simply", so we do not buy them. Probably because this dared to be different, why did it take 12 manufacturers to do it? What's so good? - Nice self-regulation according to Keanu; from airhead to the Messiah. See also Arnold Schvarzenegger. - Joss hates his creations as much as he hates their colleagues, he makes his hatred. Zli B & T and "good robots usses" have the same vocabulary as their originals: less copies and amortization of the language. - The motive of "duality". Nowhere else this is not obvious than in photographic styles, a lot of high and low angles. They even use Roi Brocksmith from 'Total Recall' to emphasize that. - The "choice" motive. I do not know where this started in the genre (maybe 'Ghostbusters'), but it's pretty good here. It even comes down to 7 games against death - Battleship and Club. - Film self-reference, even present in the game against Death (Clue). This is smarter than Tarantino or Brookes. Pay attention to the cover of Premier Magazine at the end: "Bill and Ted: The Movie". Ironically, both Death and Nomolos were the wicked ones below, 'Die Hard' and 'Lethal Veapon'. I still have some smaller butts, but nothing compared to the original. Music and film are different media, so it does not make sense why many scenarios revolve around the first - especially in the teens market. Carlin is a great comedian, but in these films she's lost. Likewise, if all these courageous efforts are shown and even broken by gay jokes, they can not kill a cat? So, despite what looks like Nickelodeon production, this is incredibly interesting. From this film we got Beavis and Butt-Head. "We're in paradise and we just robbed three people." Final Analisis = = Medium Material
