Chinese Iing, speaking Czech, invited us to screen a Czech film (with English subtitles) at the Department of Visual and Environmental Studies (VES). It was the first time I saw Samotari (Loners, 2000) and that was pretty good. Similar to many other Czech films, the seven central characters seem to have a rather difficult, dirty life; Web shows that this topic was popular among American films in the early 1990s. Their relationships break down, combine and rebuild. Another typical characteristic of Czech films is that no character is designed to be universally negative, and none of them is permanently positive. You can also see how characters evaluate the characteristics of others depending on the context; This is a very realistic feature of psychological analysis of the film. Ondrej is a talented and married young surgeon who has two daughters. However, you find that he was only studying neurobiology to prove how much he liked the other woman, Hank. He is so obsessed that he dresses on a number of occasions as a plumber to get into the house of the parent Hanke - the house he is constantly burning. She only decides - throwing a coin - to break up with Peter who works in a private radio station. Hanka does not observe the bourgeois life of her parents as a good example, but seems rather unsuccessful in creating a better environment. But she is a very flexible figure, as far as the types of her guys are concerned. For some time, Hanka seems to have serious plans with Jakub, an innocent drug addict whose memory seems to be pretty devastated by drugs. However, friends from his band informed Jakuba that he already had another girlfriend. Hanka is disappointed and returns to her parents. When Hank and Petr are disintegrating, they are organized by Robert, an intermediary who also works for a travel agency where his job is to show the life of an ordinary Czech. people for Japanese tourists. Robert - who also gives Jacob a marijuana - is never serious about anything and usually sleeps with many different women; in the end, his mother dies in the hospital and he has his own ways to deal with depression. Vesna (Slavic word for "spring") who came to Prague from Macedonia is working as a waitress - and you will not know if she came to the Czech Republic to see her dad or UFO. It works quite confused, but sometimes it helps other characters in their problems. Petr works in a radio station and he is the only one who likes his job - a job that ultimately loses. He announces to his audience that he broke up with Hank - that's how Ondry learns about the news that makes him very happy. even after Ondrej asked the magician to disappear in order for Ondrej to try to capture Hank again. (The wizard pays his debt because the brother is the victim of an important traffic accident - Jakub and Hanka bring the victim to the hospital, while Ondrej saves his life.) He has to translate some hysterical scenes for 20 or more Japanese tourists who make their films during the Hank's parents' dinner. Seven characters communicate in interesting and exciting ways that would be natural if Prague were smaller than four orders of magnitude. Considering the actual size of the Czech capital, it is unlikely that all these events will be held among seven people, but it's fun.
