This is the first American film to successfully adopt the naturalistic style used by Europeans, especially the French and Belgians, for at least a decade, and is not it time? Following three high school students in Crovn Heights in Brooklyn during the last days of the summer break between the first and second year, doing what every good art would need: reveals the universal in the concrete. Although the preoccupations of girls outside are conventional - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom and clothes - we see how their whole life is shaped, a universal interface between character and destiny. Naturalism is complete, complete. The film breathes, it stays in a moment, settles in real time. The story speaks to itself. Media and its artifacts, at least once, are not messages. The film stubbornly, truthfully conveys the perspective of the childhood of its characters; it does not impose its own meanings or morals. The details appear on their own, they are never pushed forward, and therefore seem more real and more powerful to their underestimation. Although great efforts have been made to capture the authentic social reality of Crovn Heights, part of the biggest black ghetto in New York City and one of the most dangerous violent places in the United States, the theme is childhood in the ghetto, not in the ghetto Documentary shots of the marching band, Jackie Robinson Steppers, interview the film regularly with an explosion of color, movement and sound. Otherwise, the camera remains a very close, very intimate, patient, cunning and unobtrusive observer. The language is rich, spontaneous, the work is transparent. Some scenes stand out, like the rookies around them, each one revealing its deepest fantasies. Lanish's admission that he accepted death by violent violence is the most shocking, one of the worst ghetes of scars. Her sharing with her mother of her confusion and fear before the sharp challenges of adult life is equally moving and beautiful, unsentimental affirmative. Social reality is respected and not propagated: all three girls are raised by mothers, only one, Lanish, has an active father in her life (and, by no chance, of three, she is the most sensitive and empathic towards others, and those with the greatest self-esteem). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disease that is disproportionately widespread in the interior of the city. The shooting, the accepted day-to-day phenomenon, just interrupts their conversation. Only one of the girls, Joey, feels the hope, feels that she has control over the future, while the other two have in a different degree already accepted despair. This is by far the best drama American film. For years. You see, you see, you see.
