"Our Song" gives us the lives of three teenagers Lanish, Maria and Joicelin - the best friends who are at the end of the summer. The Adolescent Year - even if we do not know the signals and features of this particular field, Crovn Heights, Brooklin, was the same for all of us. A lazy break from pressure and clutter at school. Good heat and idleness. But if this experience of adolescence is universal, the inner city of the nineties is the second place than most of us know - perhaps as a foreign country like any. Young bodies engage new silhouettes ... invite a new territory ... a maze to an adult age. The young mind comes to himself, speaking to himself, saying that it's who I am, that's what I want to try to be. That was always the case. But that's how it is happening in Brooklyn in the late nineties. Jim McKai is the writer / director of this film project, but he acknowledges everyone who shouted his suggestions. It seems that the introductory slide "A movie would" lists everything in the universe. This is gesture, but we know that he is real to the end of the film. [Final titles also have some of the most effective and most deserving credits I've read.] A live soundtrack by Jan McLaughlin deserves to be especially prominent. McKai is a modest leader who knows who speaks this story - these are his three merits Lanish, Maria and Joicelin. They are the real thing, their interactions have a fire of true friendship and the focus of reality. This is not an abbreviation for a music video about a teenage life. It has the seriousness of a long, continuous look. We are in touch with them, but we do not feel involved, but we feel privileged to listen. These are the real voices that speak openly about the crisis and the drowsiness of everyday life. We are witnessing the modern mathematics of teenage life - how its problems are interpreted, calculated and collected and resolved. Small scenes illustrate great thoughts. Lanish hangs with his father in the security business - that's the only way to spend time with him. We see the love that exists between them, but also the failures of family and paternity. On a related scene, Lanish defends his father to his mother, and we see that she desperately needs both of them and loves them. Later, three friends lie in the dark, sharing visions and dreams - and we remember how crazy / funny children are and more tragic, how realism is boasting idealism these days. And finally, Mary simply walked down the street by itself is a short story. We see how it builds up courage to keep all your fears and doubts. It shows us the strength that should be able to accept the fragility that makes life alive. The greatest gift of our Songs is to truly feel the deep passing nature of friendship - how, one day, alive and reviving, that intimacy can, in the next, only turn and wander. It's terrible, but that's exactly right, is not it?
