I'm thinking about the days when I kept the hats of my guys in order to bite it when I was 16 years old. A few moments of this film are so accurate and accurate with what happens in the minds and hearts of young girls in the years of teenage years. Now in my age, I want to preach to them about their decisions and how life in those times is not as important as everything is done at those moments. In order to be patient in their youth and waited to experience difficult life and external and internal difficulties, life would be much sweeter. However, young people today face some variables I have never dealt with with young people. Three main characters were well-represented by all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joicelin and Melissa Martinez-Maria) give us a very convincing presentation of reality for young girls in poor situations. They have poor family lives that all are raised by single mothers with the expectation of Lanisa whose father is present, but does not actively support it everyday. They have impaired education systems and have no direct contact with the sample. These situations strongly affect them and their reality, but this is not a great depressive concern for these young women in their everyday lives. They, apart from their position and focus on the same things, deal with young girls around the world. Finding true love for a man, with good friends to rely on, gaining certain respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoying life. This was a film that crossed race, age, and gender gap imposed by his characters and the environment in which the seal was. The director and writer McKay explains on DVD that each of the scenes came into his head by simply observing the young people of that era who lived in such types of neighborhoods. Additionally, add three actresses that are not so far away from that time in their lives to get the right synergy of reality and act at their best. One thing I know (African Americans and Hispanics) is that there is always a member or neighbor of a spiritual family that is in the foreground or near the country, and believes on a better day and a better life and future despite the present situation and a role. to some extent. This never touched the film in order not to preach and I understand it, but it also narrows the culture to that there is no hope in anything but itself. FACTOR NADE: Now I'm thinking about my future and where I came from and say how Lanish did: "Today is a good day." That poverty still exists, racism, sexism and any other reason we can add. Yes, some of these actions of young girls keep their minds and are self-destructive, all around them are impoverished, but NIKO does not leave them without hope for the bright future of these actions of past or present or their environment. The sad hope of each of the characters and the deeper desire left me to be a role model in the life of a young girl on the brink of making a destructive decision. I suppose it is the value of a movie that should not only entertain, but that each one thinks, reflects, and then acts in a positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
