"One day we will walk in the air of a beautiful sun. One day, when the world is much brighter" - 5 "Ooh kid" movies. Black teen movies usually include an inner city. gangs that deal with drugs or begin violence to hip-hop music. Movies about the everyday problems of ordinary urban teenagers are hard to find, but there is an undisclosed gem that I would like to recommend. Our song, Jim McKai, is about three girls in the Brooklyn Crovn Heights section that teaches their high school to be closed for the removal of asbestos and must decide on their future course, one that may involve separation from them. The story is told from a point of view of a 15-year-old, not from adults who recall the past as in most of the coming films. Avoiding compulsory street jargon and excessive use of the F-word, it brings a sincere and friendly portrait of the three friends at the crossroads of their lives. Girls: Lanish (Kerry Washington), Joicelin (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in the second year of high school. They are active members of Jackie Robinson Steppers, a real marching band whose parade rehearsals for the Labor Day provide discipline and purpose in their lives. Similar to George Washington, George Washington, but less stylized, the film shows unprofessional black and latin actors with Kerry Washington as exceptional. While the performances had some amateur moments, I was so distracted by the story that I forgot that the girls even acted. Maria, whose father is in prison, learns that pregnant Terrell, a local student. She wants to have a baby despite the fact that she is only 15 years old and knows Terrell is unlikely to be of great help. Joicelin works in a clothing store, but she dreams of becoming a singer. In a very harsh scene in her bedroom, she pretends to talk to her fans, then lies in bed and recites one of her songs. Close to Lanish and Mary at the beginning, but goes out to make friends outside of the neighborhood. No girl gets much support at home and Maria is too scared to even tell her mother about her baby. However, single mothers are not typical filmmakers or alcoholics. They are warm and beloved parents whose time with their children is limited due to pressure to support the family. Lanishin's parents are divorced, but she is able to visit her father, portray her in a luxurious apartment building and talk about music. Her mother is comforted when Lanish finds out that a friend in the neighborhood committed suicide, a somewhat melodramatic complex point in an otherwise realistic film. As the summer descends, the girls fall apart and each decides on a different course. However, there are no major dramatic moments, but only a sad acknowledgment of the inevitability of the change. Although we do not have scarcities of frustration that we can wait for, we identify with their hopes and dreams, without staying on the negative. Our Song is an emotionally satisfying movie about growing up in projects that refuse to see life in any conditions other than opportunities.
