When you begin to watch this animation-masterpiece, you will quickly notice that it is a European production. Although the Europeans (unfortunately) integrated some of the clichés you would otherwise find in American production of this kind, most of them are missing. One of them is that there is a huge evil that only our (very few and very few) heroes can win. The other is that one group is only in the business of money, it is greedy, it runs away when the heat is up, but somehow it is left to its better nature. This movie would be better without both. The film is based on a TV series that came out four years before the movie. Unlike the movie, the TV series is a cartoon, not a computer animation. At first I thought that the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot, but I was quickly convinced: who did the animation knows his stuff! Although the characters are obviously fictitious (in pictures that do not even look real), they look alive and sensitive as the audience who follows their quest. Making characters that can be considered deformed by "normal" standards (these micro-legs could never be able to carry this giant body, let alone make a leap) so alive and appealing more than "just a climax"! Creating the world is another masterpiece. Not so much for appearance, but for inventiveness. The world that our heroes travel is not as solid as ours, but it is made of many pieces of land of different shapes and sizes that look like floating in the middle of the air. When a person moves to a smaller part of the ground, she nods her head as if she rely on weight. In some cases it is no longer applied up and down, but our heroes still manage to get it somewhere. Although the world of floating islands is completely surreal, this film is absolutely convincing and after a short time it does not seem strange to run into a car somewhere in New York. This I wrote The appearance of the world is not as astounding as the idea. However much it is true that in my opinion, the quality of the world, the characters and the attention to detail is astounding. Although facial characters have relatively few attributes, emotions can be read clearly in the face of Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters is beautifully colorful and there are no two equal settings. The background is always on the move, something always happens, making the world even more alive. If you stop the movie and look at the background, you will be surprised how much detail you can find. The existence of the Hector actually puts cherry on top. Hector is a furry "thing" (perhaps the equivalent of a dog in our world) that is completely cute and extremely fun. Although not important for the main plot, he would have missed out as if Scrat was in an ice age. A really cool thing at Hector is that you need to talk to Gibberish to understand it. If the film is so big, why did not I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was rather thin. Two hunters are sent to save the world from a really bad dragon who wants to swallow the world is not very genuine. This alone would not be a problem. What I missed is basic information. What was that dragon and why he looked like that? I love mythical stories, but if they become too thin then they look like they were written after the film ended in a faint attempt to give some depth to the whole thing. . Although a girl like her might be considered wonderful, she was a little sick in this film. She looked pretty resistant to all kinds of learning about reality, dreamed of a hero from a storybook and actually slowed down others. It would be okay to develop a bit more and a little earlier in the movie - or that she was younger than a woman. For me, the idea of ​​this girl who was there to make the story a little spontaneous to the writers. All in all, this is a really good movie for almost all ages.
