My 3-year-old loved this. I liked it, my wife liked it. So 10 out of 10 from our family. As for the level of violence? Not so violent, mostly hack. Nobody really dies, there is no blood, no blood, no torture, so it is certainly suitable for children, much more than many cartoons on Saturday morning. This film really takes the idea of ​​CG films where it should be. First of all, beautiful graphics, textures beautifully derived, with real depth, without trying to be realistic, already form an artistic whole. A moss on rocks, a rust on metal, reliefs on wood and stone, all contributes to the whole. Character modeling, unlike many modern CG movies, is weird, not sweet, again within an artistic whole. Faces may look less appealing than in some other films, but characters are more like dolls than human beings. I think that's a good thing, it gives truth, how strange it sounds, it's easier to stop the disbelief. Hair, fur, clothes, couple, at least with a similar Picard. Just remember in the introductory scenes when Lian-Chu fights the giant; The guy is in front of some farmers, and everyone has detailed clothes that led me to stop the movie just to admire. <br /> <br /> Item. Far above cars like cars and even Valla E. The space is made many times, but the fantastic environment of Dragon Hunter can be compared only with some scenes in Never Ending Story and Lord of the Rings, but it is still an artistic whole, and with many good ideas thrown out effortlessly. Magnificent views as a scene in Monsters Inc. where they drive through all the doors through the warehouse, or Vall? E where we see the huge garbage towers he has made, abound with this film, everything is great, but he never paid attention; It's just a background all the way! The interlude in which they pass through the area with fantastic falls. The Chinese wall, the islands floating in the sky. Broccoli in the sky? It's really the place where the CG should go, do something that will take your breath away, and it again and again. Sound is good, music is diverse and not only epic, and grateful without any vocals, and purely original for the movie. The animation is pretty good. Borrowing his inspiration for cartoons, especially some good use of stretching and compression. Sometimes it's not that real, but 3D models are not realistic. Characterization is well done. Lian-Chu gentle and uncertain div gradually grows in the confidence of little Zoe. at all, but who wants to change that sweet child? At least I liked Lian-Chu more than any other character from Sulley in Monsters Inc. . The story mostly resembles Never Ending Story, especially as the world is disassembled. Monsters are quite a standard price, except for the one that is being saved. He's missing the emotional impact of Valla E, which is really the strong side of the movie, but it's a much more entertaining ride, and he's missing the boring musical scene that's repeating in the previous one, and he has the action from the first scene. This movie is what you want to watch for a fun and exciting time. The whole film has, as I mentioned the whole vision, which seems to have been following all the time. It seems that the setting is ready for another adventure, and I hope it will. One side note, the French actor who works Lian-Chu sounded like Jean Reno first, but I'm happy that it was not him, although he is one of my favorites. It's nice to hear a new voice, for me. I give him the maximum grade, somewhat surprised by the middle and low ratings of some; I tried to deal with some of the concerns that made two opinions with the lowest number of votes. Access this film as an adventure and as a European film, not opposed to Hollywood, but rather different.
