My first impression is that this Beowulf is just with all the good parts of the fight against Grendel and dragons untouched, making it one excitement from start to finish. They were written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Kvak, both of whom created a fantastic landscape that becomes a character in themselves in their story, with its environment that is constantly changing and consists of the small spheres of the earth floating around, which can be either avalanches or globes The story is simple, which speaks of a country that is thrilled in anticipation of an unwanted visit of a powerful dragon robbing and destroying, and the resident knights are almost destroyed. Enter the royal granddaughter Zoe (Marie Drion), who gathers Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge coffin with tremendous strength, but a gentle giant, and his partner-coat-of-arms Patrick Timsit, who balances the partnership with their tricky brains. Lian-Chu and Guizdo (together with their pet who too proudly throws out the initial fires) share a common dream of owning agricultural land and carrying out idyllic days that care for their animals on the farm in retirement, but to do so, the condition is to be financially free, that is, their career in the extermination of monsters that are not worth it. It's essentially the whole essence of it, but what makes this movie a spectacle is its CG graphics, which is a solid rich, detailed, and wonder-watch. There are some amazingly made sets of actions that are carefully designed to drag you into a dense action, and during these fighting sequences, there is one boring moment. Photo-realistic moments of non-existent landscapes lead you to leave aside the fantasy of creating a belief, and it's easy to be in awe of the landscape that goes beyond the usual three suns and kaleidoscope of flying things (here's George!) And I could not get enough final battles, although ordinary brick bricks will find some mistake in the indestructibility of the main characters. I suppose this movie opened my eyes to the fact that there are many more computer animated companies around the world that have the quality in their product to match with the Pikar. And this is definitely a movie that can be learned from the local filmmakers of Zodiac: Racing and Legend of the Sea? to make the story effective, and let your movable artwork speak all. Definitely highly recommended!
