At first, I would think that the Secret Sun has something critical to say about religion (which is Christianity), and wondered if it would be something that could be interpreted against the evil of blind faith, or the manipulative power of those who are supposedly luminous of you . Surprisingly, it was not that kind of and was largely non-suicidal, setting events as facts, and allowing the audience to draw their own assessment and conclusion. help, but laugh in the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who loves the widow of Shin (Jeong Do-tion), and begins to go to church when he does it. The reasons for leaving the church are many, I suppose, or to find inner peace, to seek help, to fear the eternal curse in hellfire, to confirm the faith, or even things that want to get married in the church, or to cling to the chase (i I do not like you). But to each of the reasons for appearing in the church every Sunday and participating in prayer groups for communion, what is really dangerous is when the underlying hidden motives are not satisfied, and then there is frustration. Or when you discover how hypocritical man can be, portraying one face in God's house, and showing another one out. Shin-ae and her son Jun move to the city of Miriang, which is the birthplace of her late husband. . Desiring to start over, she opens the piano store to give lessons, although she has found another tragedy in discovering her newly found freedom and at the moment of lack of good judgment. And it takes an hour to do this. The secret sun really took time to get to this point, where things start to become a little more interesting when Shin now accepts religion in order to confront her current state, enjoying the comfort of that religion, and other believers, What started as a cry for sympathy turns into acceptance and the belief that religion offers this silver bullet to solve the problems of all humankind, and sometimes you wonder whether it is because of your personal short-sighted view of what the Almighty is doing for you, to begin to adopt a bit of selfish thought e that all is well in your path, and Shin-eovom case, her generous attitude in order to forgive others who have violated forgetting something very fundamental that feeling and that can cut both ways. The last act is probably the most entertaining of what it says, where most of us can be identified - why me, and why not someone else, as we are angry against our faith and, unfortunately, begin to question without the available hard and fast responses. Then we either fall aside or continue with destructive acts so rebelliously. But in a way, the plug is carefully drawn out in Secret Sunshine to not offend, and what could have been a ugly face on the volume was dimmed. If you bite into the hyper this film generates, then you may realize that it is worth mentioning only the excellent portrait of Jeong Doion, because it fully owns its role as the widow of Shin who is probably the most traumatic person on Earth in facing with many tragedies in a short period of time. , and if you look carefully, most of them are alone. Watching her transformation is worth the price of the ticket, and despite the fact that he had my personal favorite Korean actress Song Kang-ho in the film, this is something he just passed.
