The most interesting thing about Miriang (Secret Sunshine) are the actors. Jeon Do-ieon, as the main character of Li Shin, is a woman with a young son whose husband died in a tragic accident, and leaving Seoul to live in Miriang, his home town, with his young son. . Jeon's face is very variable. She is a girlish, flirtatious, elegant, old and sad, desperate and joyful, with her and terribly isolated alternatives, and everything is in her face. The film is also played by Song Kang-ho as Kim, a man who gets to know her car breaks down and comes to Miriang, who accidentally runs a garage in the city, and who watches it all the time after that, despite its apparent lack of interest in his attention. Song is currently the biggest star in Korea, known for its work with Park Chan-vook and Bong Joon-hoom (Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, Homicide and Memory). And yet, he plays a throwing, almost forgotten man here. But, of course, he makes him interesting and unusually attractive. He is a key ballast that prevents Jeon's character from fleeing. Lee Shin is a piano teacher. It comes to a new city, which is a neutral place, some kind of poor Seoul, a city "just like anywhere else," says Kim (just as he is in some way like anyone else). Her little boy is lively, like little boys, but often both injured and withdrawn. His father was bitter, and when he was missing he was lying awake, pretending to be hurting. He goes to school, and Shin meets parents and students and traders. There is a sense of place in the movie, although the site is in some way "anywhere". People speak on a local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and Shin-ee's Seoul origin is immediately noticed. Is life truly tough, far from the great city and its sophistication? It seems Shin does not understand the danger in which he is. Something terrible is happening. And Shin does not have to do it the best way. But this is happening and it has to face the consequences. But it can not. She goes to pieces. The perpetrator is caught, but this is not a comfort. In the end she becomes so desperate, she moves away and goes to a reunited Christian meeting, and the acquaintance is pressing to attend. It finds peace and liberation with this. But when he decides not only to forgive the perpetrator, but to go to jail to tell it to him, that experience is full of irony and is once again destroyed. It becomes bitter and desperate and no longer finds comfort in religion. And that's worse than that. Jeon Do-ison gives her everything in this extremely demanding and protector role. Lee Chang-dong can be a very good director. If the actor of the Song Song Kang-hoa expresses a great admiration for him, this is convincing. According to Scott Foundas from LA Veeklia, the first three films by Lia, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candi (2000) and Oasis (2002) have been described as "one of the leading figures of the recent cinema renaissance of his country." But this is not such a successful movie as those of other Korean directors whose works have been seen, such as Iong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and incredibly, almost defamed gifted Park Chan-vook. It can really begin how Foundas says that some sort of "Asian Alice does not live anymore" and then "quickly and without warning" turns into "something triller, and some time after that almost the Bressonian study of human suffering." But this progression does not just to seem random and unpredictable; the film jumps and loses its momentum towards the end and then it simply loses, without the sense of ending. There are also weaknesses in action. Shin takes a chance with her son and makes bad decisions. If she is destined for madness like Betti in Betty Blue Jean-Jackues Beineik, which could explain her strange and wrong choice, this is not something that is properly developed. This is an interesting movie, certainly disturbing, but one that leaves suspicion and discontent, after putting one through an emotional nipple. The official selection of the film festival in New York was presented at the Lincoln Center, 2007 - an event that Korean film creates recently.
