Korean cinema can be quite surprising for Western audiences, due to the many tones and genres you can find in the same movie. In Coreen drama, such as this "Secret Sunshine," you will find some comic parts, a thriller scene and romantic times. "There is not only a tragedy in life, there is a tragic comedy," says a character who interprets Song Kang-ho at a time, summing up the blend of the picture. But do not misunderstand me, this heterogeneity of the genres that the film deals with, adds the truth to the experience this rich film offers its viewers. This does not mean that he lacks unity: on the contrary, it is rare to see such a dense and deep portrait of a woman in pain. Shin-ae, who is searching for a quiet life, her son in her late husband's hometown, indeed, through all the different faces of suffering, is going through the unity with this film. His real part is erased by the psychological descriptions of all stages through which the poor mother passes. Denial, Lost, Anger, Faith, Perceptuality of Reality: The film rejects all the steps that the character travels, and it looks like a psychological catalog of all the stages of suffering that a woman can experience. The only thing is to accept what can look like a conceptual experience (a woman wearing a mask of tragedy, a man representing comical interludes) and letting you artifact the film touches. I have to say that some parts of the film really moved me (especially at the beginning), especially those that concern the inability of Chan Joan to really help the one he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering has eroded me to the end. However, some cinematic ideas are truly amazing and surprising (the scene in which the body is discovered in a large frame is, for example, incredible). This kind of scene makes "Secret Sunshine" a dough equivalent to "The Host" for horror films or "Killer Memoirs" for the trillers. These films are truly surprising, most original, aesthetically incredible and they are able to give another dimension to the genres they deal with. The only thing that the "secret sun" forgets, as the "host" has forgotten to be scary, is to cry out to its audiences: a bad spot for a melodrama, but a good thing for a good movie.
