Secret Sunshine marks the return of director Lee Changdong to the film world after years of absence. After having had three praised films under his belt, he now recruits veteran actor Jeon Doeon and her significant (Cannes-winning) talents for the lead role of Lee Shinae. What follows is a journey through the tragedy of a woman and exploring her coping mechanisms. One of the things that becomes apparent while watching Secret Sunshine is that it does not really care about a specific genre, it rather takes over the genre features when it needs to transfer what it is trying to transfer. The story itself follows Lee Shinae while his son moves to the city of Miliang (whose Sino-Corean is translated as Secret Sunshine). She moved to Milang after her husband's death, as it was his hometown, so the film was born out of a tragedy. And you think that things could get better because it opens a piano store and meets a little mechanic Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. As we (and Jongchan, persistently) follow Shinae as she meets Miliang and the destiny she has for her, the cracks in her armor are quickly becoming apparent. . She is a problematic woman who is trying to catch her own strength to overcome the tragedy and we see her discovering that is not enough. The secret sun still manages to follow mainly the Aristotelian dramatic arch, but retreats back to the catharsis, which could confuse some viewers, in particular the end, but the romanist symbolism present in the name of Milian, the discussion of the sunlight and the images used in the movie is mine I was very pleased when I started thinking about the movie a little more. Ms. Jeon is quite impressive, especially if we consider that if the role is played less well, she would quickly turn into a rather painful melodrama, but she records the shades of Shinae's attempts to solve her losses with a layer of subtlety. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this film than other films, but performs properly, appropriately giving the stage to Mrs. Jeon. Technically speaking, the film is well executed in the classical sense. There is no striking aesthetics here - the director clearly tries to tell the story. I think that my only real complaint is, and who may not be able to repair, that despite all the time we spend with Shinae, there is a little distance between Shinae and the audience (or at least me). I think that some of this comes from the nature of the work, because if full empathy is suppressed, then we can not see the problems that Shinae has objectively. On the other hand, I never felt moved with Shinae's troubles, despite many tears and more frequent behavior. Still, the film still stands quite impressive, especially because it stimulated me to think about it, the additional meanings present in it, and her thoughts about tragedy, confrontation, self-esteem, isolation, and faith fell in love with me and after the credits were completed. Encouraged by the strong performance, I honestly did not notice its duration of 2.25 hours. And it says something. Good work. 8/10.
