Secret Sunshine (2007) is known for his rewards at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Ieon, who played recently the widow of Shin-aea, won the best acting trophy at the 60th Cannes Film Festival. Secret Sunshine was also the winner of the best feature film, and Jeon-Do Ieon won the Best Actress Award from Asia Pacific Screen Avards. In addition, this film has won the best film awards at almost all Korean film festivals. Masterly written and directed, and uniquely photographed, the Secret Sun has expressed hope and salvation that can be found when life is ill due to a constant tragedy. This film also talked about the forgiveness of God and people. Lee Chang Dong, director and writer of this film, said in an interview: "In a tremendous sense, I wanted to express what love is and this movie could be a melodrama in some sense. Without love, we can not talk about hope and salvation. "Lee admitted that the secret sun had no obvious genre. This film is not a film about religion, but it attracted the attention of many Christians in Korea because the film had many Christian elements. The turning point in the Secret sun comes when Jun, Shin-son is abducted and killed. The kidnapper seeks money because he assumes that since he can buy the land, he must be rich. Her lies cause much sadness. Shin becomes a guest of the church and wants to forgive the killer. He decides to visit his son's killer in prison and forgive him. Jong-chan, Shin's friend, says, "Just forgive yourself in the heart. Do you have to go to jail?" Her church comrades are crying for her and they say she will pray for her. Her pastor agrees with what she wants. It's a sad moment because it's too early for her. The result of a meeting with the killer is another milestone in Shin's life. The killer says a calm smile that God has already forgiven him. It provokes anger in her toward God. She says, "How could you forgive a man before I forgive you?" It starts to fight God. She looks to heaven and declares, "I will not lose for You." It becomes a trap, its heart is a trap, and its hands are chains. It's bitter from death. It becomes mad and mad and sent to a mental hospital. On the day Shin is released from the hospital, she goes to the beauty salon and sees the familiar face. The daughter of the murderer of her son is in the shop and she cuts her hair. The killer's daughter helped kidnap Shin's son. While she cuts Shin's hair, the protagonist can not understand what is happening and is quickly leaving the store. It's hard not to talk about Jong-chan in the movie. Jong-chan is trying to be on the side of Shin. Although Shin-he does not care about him at all, he is constantly beside her. Shin quickly left the church, but Jong-chan, who started attending the church for Shin, remains there because he feels peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, director of Secret Sunshine, says that Jong-chan is like Miliang (secret sun), a rural city, or vice versa. It seems to be "too secular and frivolous, but it's always two steps behind it and worries about it." Miliang is like him. " G. Lee adds, "Someone joked that Jong-chan could be an angel, I think he could be an angel. Who knows? We can not say with certainty there is no angel." If there is a person like Jong-chan who keeps track of turns and turns of his lover forever, we can defend ourselves against the overpowered. The life of Shin-aa is full of nonsense. Her husband died after cheating her, and her only son was murdered cruelly by the killer after moving to her husband's hometown. And her soul was damaged because she learned Christianity in the wrong way, and that was crazy, literally. It's too easy to say that her life is full of nonsense. Is there still hope in your life? Can he find meaning in his life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin is trying to cut off her hair: we walk on our own journey. She, however, realizes that it's hard to do it yourself, and we know that we can not do it all by ourselves. We see that Jong-chan holds her a mirror while cutting her hair. It's her hope. Next to her there is Jong-chan and he is ready to help her in any situation. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like an angel. If we feel that the angel is always beside us and behind us, we can find joy in life even though we are confronted with the troubles in our lives. The secret sun was a hot topic of conversation in Korea. It's like Da Vinci code. While Da Vinci Code helps us to talk about the history of the early church, Secret Sunshine encourages us to deal with riots in life and find the meaning when life seems unbearable. By a shallow interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this film will help us to see below the surface. Some people say they stopped attending church service after watching Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong said: "They were already anti-Christs before watching this film, our life through Shin's life.
