Lee Chang-dong's extraordinary "Secret Sunshine" is a unique, emotionally devastating experience of the year. It is the moment of a numbing, brutally sincere face on the reverberation of loss, and a graceful memento of mori that resonates with a striking density of thought, but remains unattainable as the emotions he observes. With its stratified naturalism and astoundingly sharply depicting the dynamics of small towns, Lee implicitly deconstructs the traditional Korean melodrama by separating the surplus kinematics and ripping on pieces of arches that shape its characters and explaining the process in the hassle of stoic realism. "Secret Sunshine" remains an immensely attractive, fluid work for 142 minutes of work. His first locksmith clock up to the top is filled with subtextual insinuations, extraordinary hints and skillful reversals of tones that come from humanistic humor. Adapted from a short story, Lee introduces the film with its sensibility for the sublime paradoxes of life, which was last seen in his transgresively comedic and dishonorable "Oasis". Realizing that personal revolutions are counterfeit when changing views of our universe, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm of a sad widow through the research scope, but also feels the turbulent existential currents that support the film when religion becomes a natural scapegoat in perceiving the disgusting nature of the Human Experience. Do-Jeon Jeon ("You Are My Sun") Best Acting Prize in Cannes in 2007 was deserved. Her performance as a widow of Shin remains an irresistible enigma. As a character that separates forces beyond its control, the pure magnificence of this play is crucial to the turbulent nature of the film. Since Jeon describes a cyclonic reversal after another, there is a shaky feeling of collapse that the film never approaches in its favor. Instead, he finds a delicate balance that exudes filled theatricality and later banality from ordinary tragedies and its consequences. It becomes the center of the film universe as well as ours. Filmed in the magnificent CinemaScope, the film demolishes the kinematics of frames and compositions by becoming visually acute, just as it silently bothers when the camera never gives up on Shin-ae through happiness, guilt and regrets. > Lee records the details of life in a small, suspicious town of Miriang ?? The lack of clarity of communal situations, its unpleasant silences and their destruction emerge from personal drama. Shin-ego's interaction with citizens rarely inspired dividends, especially when they were only made from the obligation to fit in because of her son, Jun (Seon Jung-ieop). One familiar acquaintance is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a first-rate mechanic of uncertain intentions that helps her on the road to Miriang in a fascinating open series of films set on the amazing sunlight. The song is found in a comic anti-hero in South Korea's largest films, but its shaded, low-cost delivery here claims that the editorial process of thinking is never going to have to reveal more than obviously necessary. If the pain is ephemeral, then sorrow can never truly disappear. Lee finds complexity in existence. When Shin-ee tried to descend down the path of reconciliation only in order to face an unimaginable pain again, she unsuccessfully uses the communion of evangelical Christianity as a foil to her sadness. But Lee knows better than when he realizes that religion, in the context of the human fabric of discord and misery, is never a simple solution. But Lee never reprimands the essence of religion because it understands the value of salvation for some through higher power, even if it serves some form of denial in others. Scenes in his other half, dealing with religion, do not allow themselves to become aggressive contempt, which in itself is an undertaking given how many filmmakers allow the momentum of the material to take over what they need to say in order to be faithful to their story and characters. The first Leo film from his call to the office of the Minister of Culture and Tourism of his country is an uncompromising dissertation on human suffering. In a film that is so foolish and sincere, he is ardent discovering that there is nothing as simple as emotional catharsis, just suppressing and alleviating agony. The "secret sun" leaves us with gentle graces drawn from evanescence, and points to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
