I did not intend to write this review, but after reading the default review that appeared on the URL of this movie, I felt compelled to write a killing. The film in one word is superlative. This does not deserve the slanderous insight the writer wrote. I think the writer has largely missed the meaning of the film. In fact, I was also excluded because of the excessive display of evangelical piety that took the middle of the film to a great extent. However, I have to distinguish it with the reviewer, this film is ultimately not a propaganda piece for evangelistic action. I think the director has shown that religion is not enough to find all the answers, as religion is largely incapable of giving answers to basic, simple questions that can be posed, and everything that religion can offer is sometimes only banal prints of one kind or another. This does not show the value judgment of religion, because we must bear in mind that religion is transformed and expressed by ordinary, mostly benevolent, basically good people, and they usually do not have a monopoly on the truth, and thus religion can not give ultimate answers in the end. on some issues in life. In the end, it's a matter of faith. You must take it on faith, and that's all. And if you are to believe, then you can appreciate any indicator of faith. And if you do not give in to faith, then every evidence of faith is tedious. It is also instructive to notice the reaction of the reviewer to the film. In any case, the director shows us that it can be decided not to accept the religious interpretation of events and answers to questions, and despite this, life continues and there is a "secret sun" in this world that awaits all wounded souls, regardless of their religious orientations . And that's just the essential message of the film! Pay attention to the last scene of the movie, if you do not get this! In the end, the movie is great and provocative thoughts and confronts you with the viewer with questions you need to answer yourself. That's why it's an artwork that provokes you personally. I agree with the reviewer in that, evangelical things were too many. However, given the above-mentioned interpretation of religion as shown in the film, I think that the director was trying to balance an act that could not be called the Evangelist? basher! The actor Kang-ho Song was as good as ever. He is so balanced and perfect that he is incredible. He is my favorite Korean actor no doubt. I know that actress Do-Jeon Jeon won the Cannes Best Actress award for this film. However, in her acting I did not find any specialty. It seems that for rewards you need to really behave in crying and hysterical scenes and everything? All in all, a great movie. If you do not like it? please take a look again and see if you will get it! If you leave it unhappy or uncomfortable, or ask questions, then consider if this is not what the director actually sought through this movie!
