I love Korean movies because they have the ability to really (really quietly real) capture real life. I do not want to watch Korean movies just for that reason. I've seen these films before. What is closest to the feelings I got from this is Oasis and another great movie called This Charming Girl. However, my title is allegedly from the perspective of Christianity so that I will start doing it instead of just showering it with praise. For non-Christian perspectives, Director Chang-dong Lee caught an unbiased and almost spooky view of the modern Protestant church (regardless of the denomination) of nipples and all others. I've always been waiting for a Christian movie that truly shows the dark corners of the church life. Because Christian movies tend to speak in a language that is different from those who want to share their faith. Many films with religious underestimates, although having good motives, tend to have only Disney film resonances or after school. They have to show the way they are. Real people are cursing, real people are lust, real people are falling. And although Christians believe that salvation is available to those who seek it, they still cause us the daily horrors of this life. And Do-iton Jeon's character is a completely honest and almost brutal display of the woman who has found God, but because of the life's bitter realities, she loses love to him that she once had. She does not deny that God exists. Only she refuses to accept to live with the idea that God is full of love and forgiveness. In her decent on the brink of morality and madness, her character raises questions that are in the mind of anyone, religious or not. "If God is love, why does he allow such terrible things to happen?" This film does not answer that, right. I believe that the last 10 minutes of the film, although open to interpretation, leaves us with hope for our main character and brings the idea of ​​a "secret sun" full circle. I do not believe for a moment that this film has tried to be religious or in any way tried to do it. In this lies the reason he worked even more. That's real, honest. And because of that, it's by far the best collection of the true Christian life I've seen on the movie.
