The first time we were my best friend and I sat down to watch this movie, we watched him for Alec Winter from Bill & Ted's fame. We did not know what to expect, except who and what it was about. As the film was finished, we knew it was love at first glance. This film, although not entirely historically correct, was and is the best in its genre. I have seen other films that show the history of this famous flight and, in my opinion, none of the others can be compared. He drew a bit of detail, but those parts did not take away the pure elegance and romance of the story. I've seen other movies about this summer and I think most of them are good, but none is as amazing as this one. Haunted Summer has a picture quality. It seems that colors and settings are something that can be found on a canvas, framed and hung in a museum or on the walls of the house of eccentric. The costumes were beautiful and, despite being not the most comfortable clothes in the world, they made me find a seamstress that would create such clothes for myself. The whole film is set up on the picturesque Lake Geneva (where I hope to leave one day for watching this movie) and the tranquility that these historical figures have found there. everyone escaped from the sharp courts in England, the strangeness that surrounded this adventure. Yes, there was a drug. It was a fairly common practice at the time, at a time when the drug was not illegal. And taking laudanum (a liquid form of opium) was medical and recreational. Shelley suffered from consumption. Lord Byron was suffering from a painful leg. It was not surprising that there were recipes for strong drugs that were in their possession that summer. And they were poets at a time when experience was crucial. There was no time for prudent caution. Passion and experience were a great part of the romantic era. From the thoughts and discussions of science, religion and philosophy came the creation of a legend: "Frankenstein." Yes, in this film we see a beautiful and liberated Mary Godwin (not married to Shelley at that time) played by the beautiful and talented Alice Krige. It is a controlling factor for everything that happens until it also does not give up on experience. But she stands on earth and experiences things in her own ways. Like the power she inherited from her mother and father. Actors and actresses in this were perfect for the parts they played. Music equipment. The direction recorded the essence of the summer, as I read about it. This film is based on the beautiful book "Haunted Summer" by Anne Edwards. If you like this movie, read the book. The author takes a story from what she managed to compile from the real magazines Mari Godwin Shelley and other participants of this story. If you are a person who loves history (even small inaccuracies from time to time) and romance and gothic, then this is a movie for you. It shows the birth of the monster birth, which still teaches us today the moral of "playing God". Definitely must watch the movie!
