This is a free adaptation of the novel by Clarence Mulford; Villaim Boid's fans are likely to feel a little bit at the beach here (and reviews here so far reflect). But first I knew about Hopalong from the novel, and I never had much to worry about Boeing's movies when I had them. Christopher Coppola made a wise choice - he did not make a nostalgic "Western"; Instead, he approached Cassidy as a part of what we used to call 'Americana'; or what older critics once called the 'homeland'. As the film was revealed, I increasingly recalled the big Hallmark Theater version of Mark Tvain's "Roughing It" with the story of James Garner. Both of these films remind us that, although movies about the "old West" probably should always be mythical for Americans, they do not have to be "Western"; they can only be films about what it meant to be an American at the time, at that place. I never feel depressed watching this movie; there is no effort to impose the Boid-Cassidi inheritance, without irony, without a camp. Consequently, I have the feeling that these characters walked - or ride horses - through some real Western America that I could walk centuries ago. In view of this, the openness of the film - positively avoids everything we call "style" - everything is in its favor; and the ordinary acting of the performer fits nicely into this; God, it really feels like a story is told about a campfire on a livestock ride - without visual dressing, just strange and good humor - and sudden violence - which we expect from a good story about an adventurous passage. I was very pleasantly surprised by this film, and if the viewer leaves aside the crippled expectations, he or she will find great satisfaction in him. I would give this film 9 stars, but I will give a dozen just because most reviewers here completely missed the point; and I urge them to move away from Boe's memories and give this film another chance. Note 1: The reviewer complained that Hopalong shoots dead people in this film, not to shoot from his hand (ala Boid's Cassidi); First, Cassidy does not shoot dead people in the novels; Secondly, if Cassidy was a real cowboy, he would kill people dead - the problem with the shooting of people is that they can always get another pistol - what happens as part of the sub-text of this film. Note 2: I admit I'm jealous of Coppola's family, have a director of "Kuma" among them who can give them all the ability to film movies that I can not; but a good movie is a good movie; and this is a good movie. If it's someone called "Coppola", well, that's exactly the case. America is a country of opportunity (or it was until Bush took office) - that's what all major American novels are all about.
