Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest opus of every major director: he started making films from an art house in his native Netherlands before moving to Hollivood where he started making subversive genre pieces that are often seen as a mere party of mainstream. The fourth man in 1983 was the last film he filmed before moving to the United States and he appeared to be a transient film for him. From the beginning of the Fourth Man it is clear that the film will be seen from the perspective of the famous, although impoverished author Gerard. In apparent respect for the similar title Carol Reed of 1949, "The Third Man," the film begins with the author's exit to talk to a multitude of literature lovers. However, similarities end, because Gerard does not have major complications before arriving in the hall and the speech itself goes quite smoothly. Despite the relative ease with which this function ends, we know that the author is a bit concerned because he has realistic fantasies about killing his roommate before he leaves his house, and also has a surreal fantasy about the hotel that sees the advertised and separated eye growing from the spy door. Sometimes he has difficulty separating his fantasies from reality, it becomes even clearer when the anecdote he says is exposed as untrue and admits that he "lies the truth until he knows more whether he did something or did." It does not happen. "The fourth man is full of unreal fantasies and dreams that are even more disturbing, because it is very easy to see how they relate to the events that we have seen to happen and because sometimes they indicate the events that have not yet happened. Between the effectiveness of unreal sequences and Verhoeve's careful style of editing ends up as the brightest movie on this side Do not look at it now, and as this film is full of ambiguity. Unlike that movie, The Fourth Man is also perversely ridiculous because Jerarard's deeply held Catholic beliefs penetrate in every aspect of his life, including sexuality, he naturally connects a female hairdresser who is familiar with the Bible Delilah, although he fears that the scissors will remove an even more important symbol of masculinity.In the erotic series of fantasies that would make Luis Bunuel red, he replaces the man attracts the living size of Christ on the cross. The fourth man is a horror film that manages to bring the viewer to the head of the protagonist, while still retaining some ambiguity: it certainly seems that Gerard is in danger, but that Maybe just his "fake." the truth". The film is also full of subtle and not so subtle visual symbolism that makes it a unique and satisfying film experience.
