Overview DE VIERDE MAN (called FOUR FACE) is a somewhat disturbing and fascinating experience. This is a very compact and intense psychological mystery / thriller from Dutch Paul Verhoeven. He directed this film just before he got his "Hollivood Free Ticket" - FLESH + BLOOD movie. In many of the user comments on this site I noticed mentioning Alfred Hitchcock. Indeed, this movie could be Hitchcockian, but I also noticed the early Cronenberg (visceral), the tastes of David Linch (surreal pictures related to the story), and even Roman Polanski. It's strange that the films of these directors I have been thinking of while watching DE VIERDE MAN are not recorded only after 1983, the year of the FOURTH MAN. So go figure. It is a great merit of the story of the original novel by Gerard Reve on which this film is based. Gerard Reve is also the fictional name of the protagonist (a tortured writer, played by Jeroen Krabbe, balancing on a dangerous line of severe psychosis). Has anyone stopped and thought about the word "French" for "sleep"? And in the film, there are many material / night sea sequences, often to the extent that you do not always know if Gerard is awake or dreaming. Could it be a coincidence ...? Maybe I'm just me, but I do not think so. Renee Soutendijk is quite unbelievable as the lead lady (in a rather demanding role). Sometimes it seems to be guilty of excessive action (in a subtle way). But this aspect was obviously intended to show the character that plays, because as this movie progresses, you become uncertain about what actually thinks about this lady and her intentions. She proves again what she is an excellent actress. I could add that the film also contains several scenes that show full male and female nudity, as well as some pretty explicit sex scenes (and you will even notice that some scenes and aspects were clearly scenes that would later be recorded for Verhoeven BASIC INSTINCT) . Another aspect of this film is many symbolism and biblical references / paintings that allegedly made a film completely disadvantaged with some conservative / Catholic movements during its European edition. In any case, the film makes a worthy second look. Somebody recently told me that he had serious doubts about DE VIERDE MAN. One of them is that the film is supposedly maneuvering into a position in which the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary is to be resolved. I personally have big problems with the way Catholicism was, and is still, shown in many films in any genre (so not only when it comes to religious thematic horror films). But, surprisingly, I had no doubts about the FOURTH MAN. Although the aspect of Virgin Mary in complication has led to scratching at one point, I also in some way entertained her. I think the key word is why I did not mind the 'duality' at all. Because this film works on two levels. Although the "divine intervention" may have solved the drawing from the perspective of the protagonists ... on the other hand: the film implies that all this could have been the rampage of mad crazy people. And that's a fun part: You never know for sure. And there is also the question: Is it possible that Gerard Reve somehow received distorted visions of things that come ... as if they were receiving predictions? At one point in the film, Gerard even tries to deceive Christine to believe that he is psychic. The way he plays Christine in that particular scene is remarkable for watching. So, with his captivating story, convincing acting performance and an appropriate direction, DE VIERDE MAN is really recommended viewing (especially if you enjoy a solid European psychological horror movie). But, make sure you see the original Dutch version (not synchronized).
