I do not know if I would consider it to be a masterpiece, but it is almost close; It's extremely well made, artistic, tense, intricately drawn, thematically challenged and full of dark hints and sexual and religious images. There is also an excellent camera shot by Jan de Bont, the atmospheric result of Loek Dikker and the extraordinary acting of Jeron Krabbe and Renee Soutendijk, who gave one of the most brittle, subtler 'femme fatale' performances I've ever seen. Like many other European films, this movie has an unwanted attitude towards sex, nudity and the complexity of sexuality, and there are no reservations about mixing with religious and / or surrealistic (some would say blasphemous) images. In other words, if you can not bear the idea of ​​seeing a homosexual who has hurried up and imagining the object of his bodily desires like Jesus crucified before the two of them enter the tomb, then that may not be for you. What surprised me even more was that this bizarre movie managed to completely escape pretentious disorder. It mixes abstract / surreal / parallel scenes of fantasy and reality and in some way makes it all functioning. Like any good mystery, you can see how the pieces gradually fall into place as the movie progresses. There is no resolution left in the left. The film has a direction, there is no unnecessary filler, and when you finish, you begin to understand the purpose of what may have confused you earlier. If you like the works of Ken Russell and David Linch, I can guarantee that you will love this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who you are, you may still like it. I will not spoil the action by becoming too detailed, but the film opening - through the web as a spider catch my prey - sets the stage as Krabbea, as an unshaken, self-satisfied, bisexual writer Gerard Reve (interestingly, and the name of the writer whose romance is based) crosses the roads with a rich, mysterious, sexy woman named Kristina (Soutendijk, merging androgino stilings with Simone Simon like a virgin / sweetheart that is quite disturbing), which can be literally a "black widow" responsible for death her three previous husbands. The two become lovers and move in with each other, but it tells us that we believe (through Christine's bizarre behavior and the frequent appearance of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - who may or may not really exist) surface. When another Christina lover appears in the house, the young and "wonderful" Herman (Thom Hoffman) turn things unexpectedly. And that's all you need to know. The fourth man was a great success in an art house in much of the world, but he did not go to the US until 1984, where he received the prize. Los Angeles Film Critics Association's Best Foreign Language Film. The most common video is Media release, which is terribly synchronized. Try to avoid this and go straight to the latest titled DVD release Anchor Bai. Since coming to America, Verhoeven's career has had its ups and downs. He made several decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some bad films (Shovgirls). In fact, Verhoeven's big hit Basic Instinct is almost as less interesting, the junior version of Fourth Man. Soutendjik also experimented with acting in America and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best deals she got, she returned home to Holland.
