Paul Verhoeven's predecessor in his hit "Basic Instinct" is a modern and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven became famous for filming a bit of rude films about garbage, both in the native Netherlands and in America, and this film is one of the reasons why. The fourth man follows a strange story about Gerard Revue (played by Jeroen Krabbe); gay, alcoholic and a bit crazy writer who goes to Vlissingen to talk about the stories he writes. While there, she sees the seductress Christine Halsslag (Renee Soutendijk) who takes him back to her home where she reveals a beautiful picture of one of her lover and declares that she will meet him, even if he kills him. Paul Verhoeven twists the truth many times in this movie, which ensures that you never know where you are with her. Many phenomena in the Fourth Man can be what they seem to be, but can easily be interpreted as something completely different, and this keeps the audience at the edge of their places for the duration, and it also makes film work like this story. That's what we're up to. Paul Verhoeven is not a director who thinks he must restrain himself, and that's one of the things I like most about him. This film has a very shocking scene that made me feel sick for hours after hours (which does not happen often!). I will not spoil it because it needs an element of surprise to work ... but you will see what I mean by looking at the movie (make sure you get the uncut version!). There are also a number of other spooky scenes that are less shocking than the one I mentioned, but they are nevertheless wonderful; The man is eaten by lions, the other has a tube sent through his skull, the boat breaks in half ... beautiful. The act in the Fourth Man is nothing to write home but is solid. Jeroen Krabbe keeps the attention of the audience and looks like a drunken writer. However, Renee Soutendijk most impresses as femme fatale at the center of the story. Her performance is what Sharon Stone would imitate nine years later with a basic instinct, but the original fatal was the best. Paul Verhoeven's direction is solid as he directs our attention through numerous points of view, all of which helps to create the mystery of the story. Verhoeven went to make some garbage, but obviously he has talent and the damage is that he does not use it better. Of all Verhoeven's films I've seen, this is the best and although it might be difficult to find; Believe me, it's worth the effort.
