A movie that can make you shed tears of grief and tears of joy will be considered a step in the career of a common filmmaker. The fact is that Steven Spielberg, probably our greatest narrator of stories, has been doing it in various film formats for years. COLOR PURPLE, at that time, was considered risky, especially after action classics such as JAVS and RAIDERS LOST ARK. Looking back, this film should not have been a surprise, because Spielberg made us cry tears of joy and sorrow in E.T. Critics called COLOR PURPLE with their entrance into an intellectual meal. It's a full entrance. No special effects, no mockery, only brilliant stories based on literary classics Alice Valker. One surprise is that Spielberg could present such a moving film about Afro-Americans in the deep south. Slavery has disappeared, but in the south shown here, it seems that Blacks use other Negroes as slaves. Spielberg is always ready to sentimentalize your pictures or add an element of childhood to satisfy the audience. This is really the first of the preoccupied films in his career that you can not make these observations. This is the first in a series of films that people have not seen or seen because there are no aliens. EMPIRE SUNCA, ALWAYS, SCHINDLER'S LIST, etc. His great talent is obvious to this specific picture, because A) uses mostly untrained, first-time actors, B) deals with a subject that most felt the inflexible screen, and C) it is a pure drama without any wires drawn where characters grow and change during passage of about 30 years. It's almost epic in appearance and scope, and the fact that she has not won any Oscars of 11 nominations is travesty and insult. Vhoopi Goldberg is incredible as a tortured Celia, an unattractive woman whom her incestuous father gave to violent Danny Glover, whom she only knows as a "gentleman." The film follows the road of occasional beating and mental torture through which "Mister" passes. The PG-13 movie is fairly open to the sexual issues launched by the Walker novel. This is not a "burning bed" in Georgia. There is no obvious revenge that can be expected. It happens gracefully. Goldberg perfectly plays a human being, someone who needs love and someone who deserves it. The most infamous and strongest moment of films comes when Goldberg and her sister Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated, perhaps forever. (Is it possible to hint at the separation of a child and parent from the Holocaust?) You may have to check the pulse if you do not start in this order. Violet color marks the beauty of the fields and flowers that surround these poor people. There really is something for which to live, but love wins over everyone. Spielberg bashers take into account: a guy can make an unforgettable classic without a sweet alien. RATING: 10 of 10
