This rather badly called Western series has won Emma for the best syndicated program and is certainly an interesting series. It was produced by the Republic, a studio that made the action better than anyone and invested all in itself in it. Each episode is built around the true historical figure of the old West. A detective on a railroad named Matt Clark, similar to the late Elliot Ness with the gangsters of the twenties and thirties, managed to interact with almost all the infamous western apostates between the mid-1800s and the First World War. The best advantage of this series was Jim Davis. High, robust, well-looked, in first-class form, with authentic Western accent and excellent riding skills that made him completely convincing in action scenes, Davis was every centimeter of the Western hero. Together with two beautiful and active actresses, Mari Castle as "Frankie" during the first season, and Kristina Miller as "Jonesi" during the second season. Each of them worked well with Davis. What separated this show from the contemporary and much that later came was professionalism invested in action scenes. Ace action director Villiam Vitnei directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon Remnant. They both shot the action by polishing. The Republican huge stock of images from serial publications and B's was used to give scope. The level of individual episodes has risen or decreased with the quality of the visiting stars that led to the performance of the outlaws. Among the really good were Marie Vindsor like Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker like Gret Dalton, Jean Parker as Coca-Cola and Joe Savier and Slim Pickins like Butch Cassadi and Smiley Kid. Cream of Western and Arrivals, Pickins, Parker, Denver Pile, James Best and Richard Jaeckel, drilled their vessel. B veterans with years of experience under the belts, Harry Voods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief Iovlachie, provided the old leather experience of the old Western. The weakness of the concept was that there are only so many known Western outlaws. Until the second season of the famous personality became obscure to all by the most dedicated fans of history. However, a few later performances were games for everyone, because of the visiting stars. Henry Brendon showed Nate a champion, and former Republican star Don Barry was outstanding Milt Sharp. Western fans or history lovers want to see this.
