This unobtrusive, rather routine series deserves acknowledgment in TV history books for two reasons: she was the first to win the Emmi Award for the Best Syndicated Series, and this was the first show of the acting arts of the Republic of Paintings, known for His low-budget but powerful recording in thirty and forty years. The Republic was one of the first Hollywood studios to make a leap into the small screen, which was still in its infancy. However, the term of studies as a producer of TV pulp fiction would be short. After this performance, they later dealt with another format they were familiar with, a series of adventures, with "Commando Codi", as well as other series, but like this, they did not last longer than 39 episodes. Also, the Republic was in its final stages as a studio; he would finish his Mandate in Hollywood as a rental phase for several series of Revue Studio like "Soldiers of Fortune", the original "Dragnet" and "Kit Carson" before he finally closed his door in 1959. After all, "Stories of the Center" was not so bad for oater, his business card was a story based on authentic figures in Western history, mostly by outlaws such as Black Bart, Johnny Ringo, John Veslei Hardin, The Dalton Bros. Similarly. The late Jim Davis, best known for his role as patriarch Eving in Dallas, was courteous in the main role of Matt Clark, a fictional detective in the railroad who must fight with that derelict, played by a veteran and soon Two incredible facts here: The incidents will unfold in different time lines, some in the 1880s, some at the end of the century, but Clark never stops. Likewise, Matt is lucky to win two great female detectives as assistants, Frankie Adams, played by Mari Castle, and her replacement, Margaret "Jonesi" Jones, by Kristina Miller. A lone ranger could only wish for a company. You can only spend such time with Tonta for so long. "Stories of the Century" are the production of Studio Citi TV from Republic Pictures Corp. During 1954, 39 episodes were made, of which 39 are public domain and DVD.
