Esther Kahn is a young Jew who lives in the overcrowded, Jewish ghetto in England in the 19th century. It is surrounded by a feverish, oppressive, gloomy, formless architecture of brick, narrow pavements and streets, darkened windows and hordes of black-brown crowds of crowds. He lives in a small apartment. with her big family in which clothes shops in the apartment work. As a child she worked, did not have privacy, wears colorless clothes, shared a bed and silent to prevent the mockery of her mother and brothers and sisters who laughed at her for biting her. As a young woman, her life stays the same - she has no privacy, she is in a state of mental and physical hepatitis and lethargy and inertia, she is blown away with an empty, impersonal expression, dressed in simple, inconspicuous clothing, and the gray, terrestrial, massive imposing buildings, narrow streets, narrow corridors, narrow door, her loud mother and brothers and sisters, and the prosaic, banal way of life of her family are constantly oppressed. Her only form of mental flight is Yiddish Theater. Seating on the balcony, in the first place, leaning over the rail, there is a huge space between her mind and stage, a space that allows her to breathe, think, feel and crave. Nevertheless, despite the freedom of thought that provides Estera on the open stage, her face and body remain awfully senile, indifferent, insensitive. Ordinary and ordinary appearance Summer Phoenix brilliantly transmits Estherino's senseless behavior - Year / Esther does not convey any desire to want anything or anticipate anything. After an unusual explosive confrontation with her mother, Esther finally decides to get rid of the dark life in which she is captured. She ultimately casts out minor parts in several theater performances, and meets Nathan Kuellen, who is featured by the essentially British actor Ian Holm, who begins to teach Esther the technical skill of acting. From this point on, Esther begins a strenuous double path of learning how to act and to learn how to feel. She begins to experience emotions she has never felt before, and she begins to gain the experience she needs to fully understand and apply the technical aspects of the acting. Nathan has strolled through the stage through physical and emotional behavior steps surprise, hesitation, anger, disgust, self-despair, etc; then begins to walk through those emotions in his private life. There are three truths, says Nathan - the truth about how the character reacts, the truth about how the actor will react, and the truth that the character and the actor are not the same person. These technical steps and the three truths slowly deconstruct Esther's defense and lead to two educational experiences in the film's failure to signify the beginning of her freedom of thought, movement and emotions. Esther Kah is a technically demanding movie to watch because of her unusual and narrow camera shots, a poor shooting direction that transmits a realistic ambiguous ghetto ambience, and Summer Phoenik is a faceless and unforgettable and unattractive display that brilliantly transmits Khan's mental and emotional physical hebetud and lethargy and dark nature. Film that must be seen for people who want to learn the technical art of acting and for people who value minimalist studies of ilem's and characters.
