AWARDS AND TRIUMPH "VILLA PARANOIA" The favorite public film, more important than the jury award, was a brilliant dramatic comedy by Erik Klausen, "Villa Paranoia", which was also chosen by the European Youth Jury. its appeal to cinephiles of all ages. The next day actor-actor Clausen traveled to the remote city of MAMERS, Pais de Loire, to the provincial festival of a new European film, where "Villa Paranoia" won three more awards - the best film, a professional jury; Best Film, Audience Award; and the best film of another junior junior jury composed by "high school students", French high school students. Five awards in one weekend - not a bad ball for a movie from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, Villa was awarded Grand Prix, MAVERICK SPIRIT AVARD, in San Jose, California, a week ago, prominent British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), making a total of six awards in one week. If Lars van Trier put Denmark on the unusual folder of Dogma Cinematic in recent years, it is now likely that veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his able actors will soon show the world that Denmark has more to offer. but dogmatic, which means, the mass audience satisfies young and old. Moreover, the performance of his film, Sonja Richter, has such a magical presence on the screen that, with a little more exposure, has a good chance of becoming the next international Scandinavian Diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" was a feature film, written, directed and acted by Mr. Clausen, and used certain motives from Moliere's "Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, lost a deeply enviable role in Moliere's performance and, reduced to an extremely stupid TV commercial for chickens on TV, is on the verge of suicide. However, Jorgen (Clausen), who runs a massive chicken farm that sponsors the city, offers her a job with her and a pub who takes care of her sulky, senile father, wheelchair, Valentine, who did not speak a word from his wife Stela. committed suicide years earlier. Anna is the only one who ultimately finds a way to communicate with a hostile silent old dread - moreover, reveals that all these years she plays deafness and immovability - lives "Malade Imaginaire". This will lead to her playing the greatest role in her life to reveal the dark secret that led to Valentine's complete withdrawal from life and reality. Villa "Paradise-Paranoia", faithful to the part of Molier's tradition, is a cordial, multilayered, serial-comical psycho-drama that literally has something for everyone and needs only a suitable place to achieve the kind of general international engagement that it deserves. Alek Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
