Passionate, dramatic, as well as flamenco itself, the film is simply incredible. It's set on immortal Bizet's music. Original music is written and performed by one of the greatest classical guitarists, the leading advocate of modern flamenco style, Paco de Lucia, who plays the musician of the same name. The legendary flamenco dancer and choreographer Antonio Gades wrote a script and choreographed this fantastic version of the famous novel / opera by Georges Bizet / Prosper Merimee. Antonio, a famous dancer / choreographer, plays the main character Antonio, who works on convincing the story of Carmen in flamenco style that combines dancing with singing and rhythmic hand clapping and has a high level of dynamism that is very appealing to viewers. /> Brilliant and graceful Cristina Hoios, whose technical excellence matches the elegant art of her dance, shines in a supporting role. Hoios was the first dancer in Gades for twenty years (1968-1988) and was the protagonist of three films that Carlos Saura made from Gades's three big shows: "Bodas de Sangre" (1978), "Carmen" (1983) and "El Amor Brujo "(1985). Beautiful Laura del Sol is a young dancer named Carmen, in which Antoni sees another Carmen from the first glance, which the two French writer Prosper Merimee was perpetuated in her most famous novel, written in 1846, which inspired the world-famous Opera-Comic George George Bizet version of 1875. Like in opera and novel, Carmen in Saurin's film is a desirable and deadly, ultimate femme fatale that must be free above everything. She could not tolerate the possessive love of any man, and she would rather have died of obedience. There are about 50 movie adaptations of the story and screening on the screen, and, as diverse as it may, they have only the only possible tragic state in common. Saura / Gades film is unique as the most sensible of all and truly Spanish. I fell in love with her since the first time I saw her more than twenty years ago and today she is especially nice and lovely as she did then. Recommended.
