No doubt one of the masterpieces of great John Ford, the young Mr. Lincoln was virtually unnoticed at the time of his initial release, no wonder, since the year was 1939 when many of the greatest films from the entire history of the cinema were published, including the mythical Western in history This genre, John Ford's milestone Stagecoach and many others, such as Gone vith the Vind, the Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith is going to Washington who won the Oscars in the only category of Ioung Mr. which is the original scenario. It is still the most unsafe Ford movie for many years destined to gradually disappear in the shadow of other John Ford's masterpieces, but by the end of the 1950s American and European film critics and historians took hold of a note that was written by legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein about the young lincoln, where he praised him and admitted that if he had the opportunity to direct any American film ever made until then, it would definitely be John Ford's Ioung G. Lincoln. Impressed by such an undeniable Eisenstein preference, critics began to watch the film again, but only with slightly different eyes, and the reputation of the film has since been increasing. It was not the first time that the life of one of the most legendary US presidents was brought to the screen. In the early 1930s, Griffith did so in his Abraham Lincoln, and the same year as Ford's film, MGM was released by John Cromwell's Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Interestingly, both are based on the very successful Broadway Stage Play published in 1938 by Robert Shervood. As far as John Ford's films are concerned, we can easily find many references to life and works, and even the death of mythical Lincoln's figure in several works of art, such as the 1924 Iron Horse or the 1936th Shark Sharks Islander, the other, just like the young gentleman Lincoln, uses as the main music theme favorite Lincoln's song - Dicky. The scenario based on the previously mentioned Stage Play and Lincoln's biographies was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, which is a fairly rare thing for Ford, but the final result was great - a script that combines elements of Play with a number of historical facts as well as myths and legends about the beginning Abraham Lincoln's life and law practice culminates in the hilarious but mainly heartbreaking trial scene, the highest point of the movie and the main generator of laughter and tears, where Lincoln defends two young brothers accused of essence and must be felt way to help her mother when it comes to court as a witness and where the prosecutor (played by Donald Meek) requests it to indicate which of her sons was actually committed the murder, apparently binding to the creation of the impossible. choosing to condemn one's death and letting others live. All in all, it's a very touching, cordial and even funny movie with Henry Fon's simply magnificent performance in his supreme characterization of Abraham Lincoln and overwhelmingly. the wealth of other characters no matter how little or how great they are incarnate from the beautiful and intelligent scenario and driven by the genius of John Ford in one of his best deliveries ever. He definitely has to see everyone. 10/10
