My what the director intuition can bring to material that needs just the right pushing in the right direction. Young Mr. Lincoln is filled with some 'old-fashioned' values, which in retrospect, despite their two-dimensional display, at least respect more than they can be seen in the current cinema. What makes him so exceptionally good as he does, in his simplicity and size, is that it's really a great drama in the courtroom under the guise of a lesson in history. We all know about Abraham Lincoln as the 16th president who made the emancipation and after the civil war he was killed. But as a lawyer in earlier years he was charismatic, ridiculous in the most unexpected places and a real gentleman. He is not a superhero who can not do anything wrong (which was just a fear of the Fond before the signing), but a figure with possible drawbacks that are outdone with his innate goodness and a clear view of the right and wrong. It's enough to say that John Ford is outstanding as a narrator almost without trial. In fact, it's a lie, he's trying it, but it makes him somehow effortless in the study system; He worked in an independent way, at the same time satisfying Zanuck at the same time, so he was rather left to himself in his "modern" processing, and did not move it so that he did not move away from the story. This is the power of conventional wisdom that somehow works hand in hand with material, as a sort of accompanying piece of the American Pantheon in 1939, as seen in Smith Smith, Washington (here only the law is, and not politics). The Fund is brilliant in leadership - the first with Ford - and never gives us a glimpse of Lincoln next to lipstick and extra reinforcement in shoes. The personality of the Fond, in a certain sense, as in the Grapes of the Vrath and Mi Darling Clementine, appears in the image of Lincoln. As unlikely as possible, there is no one else from that period who could have played it at that time: he is mature and wise, but it makes sense to prove in this case a complicated murder - he - but - not - killed. The case. Only in small pieces, such as that final shot, which Lincoln overlaps with its monument and a few small cases on this big scene of the wound, seems rather outdated. As for the goals set by Ioung Lincoln, everyone met with Ford and his team and actors; It's not like a hockey as you can think it enters, and it has a strong balance of humor and the true pathos.
