Young Mr. Lincoln marks the first film on the collaboration of John Ford and Henry Fond. I recall that the Fund several years ago said that, as a young actor, he was nervous when he played Abraham Lincoln and he was afraid that he would not face the challenge. saying that he would not play the Great Emancipator, but only the Prairie lawyer. The fact that the Fund was led by an actor who led John Ford in a classic film. This is not a biographical film Lincoln. It was before the sound of Walter Huston and a year after Ioung Mr. Lincoln, Raimond Massei, made the Pulitzer Prize in the role of Robert Shervood Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Massey remained the definitive Lincoln. But as Ford said, the Fund did not play the Great Emancipator just as a lawyer in a small town in Illinois. The film covers about 10 years of Lincoln's early life. We see him working at the store, taking some legal books from the pioneer family of immigrants whose way would later go into the story. And his romance with Ann Rutledge with her early death leaving Lincoln a melancholic battle. Fast forward about 10 years and Lincoln is now a lawyer who began to receive a notice. He held several seats in parliament, but returned to private practice and is not sure if politics is for him. This is where most of the action takes place. The two sons of that family received legal records from the time they were charged with murder. He offers to defend them. And this is not usually a murder than one of the deputy sheriffs. The trial is fiction, but the gambit used in the defense of Richard Cromwell and Eddie Quillan who played two sons is based on the right case that Lincoln defended. I will not say more. In addition to the performance, the great power of the Young Mr. Lincoln is the way John Ford captures the mood and atmosphere and environment of a small Illyrian Prairie town in the fourth part of the city. Juli celebration. Almost like watching a movie. And that was the mood of the country itself, young, lively and growing. John Ford's fans will recognize two music themes that were repeated in later films. During a romantic interlude at the beginning with the Fond and Pauline Moore played by Ann Rutledge, background music is the same theme used in The Man Vho Shot Liberty Valance for Vera Miles. And in the dance, Lovely Susan Brovn's melody, that the Fonda and Marjorie Veaver playing Marie Todd is the one the Fonda danced with Cathy Dovns at, in Darling Clementine's dance for raising the church in Tombstone. Lincoln will forever be the favorite subject of biographers and dramatists for two reasons. The first is the vibrant embodiment of our own American mythology that people make their own efforts from the very bottom to the peak of power. In fact, young Mr. Lincoln very graphically shows the background from which Lincoln came. Secondly, the fact that he was our president during the greatest crisis in American history and that he made a very good and moral decision to free slaves during the civil war, although for some necessary political reasons. His murder ensured his place in history. Apart from the Fund and others that I mentioned, special praise should go to Freud Kohller Jr. Bond Chief Prosecutor. Also, Donald Meek was prosecutor and Alice Brady in her latest film as the pioneering mother of Cromwell and Kilan. And a very nice performance by the Spencer of the Charterers who specializes in rustic characters as judges. For a film that records the drama and romance of time when it is set, you can not better than the Young Mr. Lincoln.
