1939 was universally accepted as the greatest year in Hollywood history, with more classic films than in any other, and John Ford directed the three best, "Stagecoach", "Drums Along the Mohavk", and this marvelous homage to the border days and a young lawyer charged to save the Union in the end, "Young Mr. Lincoln". When the world got into the war that America was scared of, but knew that it would get into it, Abraham Lincoln was a lot to people in 1939, as someone who faced the same dilemma in to his life and triumph. On Broadway, Robert E. Shoredod was awarded "Abe Lincoln in Illinois", with Raimond Massei, who was physically dead, running full of houses (he would be shot in 1940). The sequel to his epic biography, "Abraham Lincoln: The War of the Year," Carl Sandburga, was released and soon became a bestseller. President Roosevelt often spoke about Lincoln in a speech, and Lincoln Memorial, in Washington, became the most popular landmark in the city (a fact Frank Capra made good use of in "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington"). /> <br /> All this is not lost on Darryl F. Zanuck, in the 20th Century Fok; As soon as he read the script of Lamart Trotsky on Lincoln's early days as a lawyer, he called him a "prestigious" production, and assigned John Ford's director, and Henry Fondi to act. The Fund does not want to play Lincoln; felt that he could not do justice to the "Great Emancipator" and feared that the bad effect would damage his career. Not even a make-up of a make-up, in which he was stunned as he looked like Lincoln, would not have changed his mind. According to Fonda, John Ford, with whom he never worked, distorted him at the first meeting and explained that he was not a Lincoln of Legend, but a young "jackan" state lawyer facing his first murder trial. . Ponizio, the Fund took over the role. (John Ford offered a different event scenario, but the outcome was the same!) Obviously, they found together chemistry that worked, because almost all of their pairs would produce 'classic'. Unlike an introvert, melancholy Lincoln from Abe Lincoln in Illinois, Ford's vision was a shy but cute young lawyer who easily became friends and missed a mother he had lost too young (which resulted in connection with the pioneering mother), which becomes a vital part of the story). It is inexorably encouraged, and he says "common sense" to suppress violence, intertwined with humor. Both productions play on Lincoln's (undocumented) relationship with Ann Rutledge; in Ford's version, the couple is truly in love and devoted to each other. After her death, Lincoln would often visit her grave to share her life with her "spirit" (a theme that Ford would continue in "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon"). The murder trial is the central part of the film, and shows the incredible talents of the star and director. The Fund rigorously demonstrates Lincoln's inexperience, but honest faith in justice is calm with mercy, and Ford emphasizes the gap between the "intellectuals" of the great city (portrayed by the pompous DA Donald Meek and his smooth "advisor" Stephen Douglas, played by young Milburn Stone), and the informal the sense for Lincoln who rules by rules. With Ford's "ordinary" Vard Bond as a key witness, the trial is both unconventional and riveting. As the film closes while Lincoln steps in the storm, and his fate (dissolving in view of the statue at Lincoln Memorial), the audience could get comforted in the film's message that if the cause is just, good at the end triumph. "Young Mr. Lincoln" is truly an extraordinary film, an incredible year!
