Zu legend <br /> <br /> I remember that the original Zu warriors Tsui Harka made 18 years ago. During a Christmas season, in the rare week when Channel 4 in the UK showed a Sunday of films in Hong Kong, Zu Varriors was so appealing to the very young spectator and his brother and so unforgettable that he was carved into memory of the already grown-up film. Up sprog ... Actually, I think the original Zu Varriors is one of the earliest movies I've seen as a child that can clearly be recalled from stories and action scenes. And memories of Iuen Biao, Sammo Hunga, and others in their classic premiere. When I saw this Zhu Varriors remake, there was a sense of fear. Would this be able to overcome the drowsy childhood memories that I had on the original, or would it follow the path of other remakes and die death more terrible than the bad ones and their broken necks found in these kung-fu movies? The answer is I can not say. But that was because this is not a real remake. Stories (and styles) are almost completely different. The Zu legend talks about the story of the King of Heaven, a lonely warrior, whose teacher, Zora, announces his love for him, but her life is taken away from her by a monster called the Insomnia. Two hundred years later, Insomnia returns, Dawn reincarnates as Enigma, and Insomnia returns to destroy Zhu. In the meantime, White Eyebrows and Red are trying, with the help of King Ski, to stop Insomnia. The plot is not full of plants, but there are enough details to interest me. But I can watch this movie as one you love or hate. The film is largely related to special effects, and most of them include several computer environments, similar to The Storm Riders and Man Called Hero. But unlike the other two, this film was one that did not go over with graphics and the whole thing was delicious. Nothing appears - unlike Hero. The background was complementary to the acting, not in all the forces. The story also includes many characters and the mixing of many individuals makes the film intriguing. It was probably on the verge of being "too chef", but in general every character had his role in the story. But it seems to me that some of the roles are "broadened" in my opinion, and somehow I have to reexamine the need for a bit. Ekin Cheng and Louis Koo play a central role in the film, but I could not say that this movie showed its best performances. It seems that Cecilia Cheung at least matured in her acting, but she's still pretty raw. Kelly Lin was a new discovery for me. In spite of the very short role, I apologize and admit that I'm rattling! All in all, I must say, I enjoyed this movie as much as I enjoyed the 'original'. Since both films have been made by legendary Tsui Hark, two films together are part of a chronicle that shows how the film in Hong Kong has changed over two decades. And one of the beauty of this is the fact that you can not even compare the two films, how much apples are apple and pear pears. At the end, both are fully enjoyable movies in their own way. And I'm going back to remember by looking back at the original. Two for watching, but not for comparison.
