Have you ever felt like someone watching you, like someone holding tabs on every move you make? Well, just remember before you decide to break the law, the FBI will always be there. At least that's the feeling you received after watching an exciting, but somewhat mild crime drama, the FBI story. She follows the roots of the organization from a small office to one of the most modern facilities in the world (1959), telling the story through the eyes of one of his agents, Chip Hardest (James Stevart). The chip has been with the FBI since the first day, and is glad to put its work above all over the world, even occasionally to its family. The story of the FBI follows his life by depicting what he is doing as an agent, and how to have one influence on his personal life. The film makes a spectacular task to show what cases the FBI does and how to deal with them. The audience gets an opportunity to see the Chip stop Ku Kluk Klan disorder, go to a secret task to solve the scandal related to murder / property in India, bring the refugees to custody, rescue hostages and help fight the Second World War. He even helped bring communist spies to justice. Stevart, in an unclearly complex embodiment, is stellar (as always) as a mildly neurotic agent who likes his job perhaps too much. One of the best parts of this film is that we can see the inner workings of Chip's family life and his work. We are witnessing him suffering because of his best friend's death, and then his son. We also watch his aborted wife, and his marriage has terrible times. Almost all his personal problems cause love for the job. Vera Miles gives a striking performance, but is still very convincing. She was never a brilliant actress, but she was always very attractive and attractive. Maybe it's just me? Unfortunately, none of the other shows are worth mentioning, but the story that attracted attention has made me very interested. The cinema of this film was impressive, especially in the South American jungles. All the colors had a texture that really set the atmosphere of the film. Perhaps the bulk of this film was the fantastic direction of Mervin Leroy. Each scene was so fluid that they just shrunk to tell a great story. It's full of genius camera shots, some with a very hitchcock feeling. All in all, the story of the FBI is a spectacular, but overwhelming film. If you are watching for two and a half hours, some viewers may be intimidated, but if you get a chance, I recommend that you enter this one. I enjoyed the spectacular performance of Jimmy Stevart and the amazing story.
