In the tradition of G-Men, House on 92nd Street, Street without a Name, now comes the story of the FBI, one of those carefully monitored films that have been shown to the Federal Investigation Bureau in the best possible way. While 48-year-old director J. Edgar Hoover was alive, that would have been revealed in no other way. The Book of Don Vhitehead on which this film is based is the real history of the bureau since its founding in 1907 until about the time when The FBI Story came out. Sometimes it's important to remember that there was an FBI before it was led by J. Edgar Hoover. Some of that time is covered in the film. But Varner Brothers did not record a documentary so that the FBI's meat and blood created a fictitious figure of John 'Chip' Hardesty. Hardest like James Stevart played career FBI, the man who graduated the law and rather than go in practice, took a job at the Bureau in the early twenties. In real life is headed by Bureau Villiam J \ t Burns private detective agency Burns. It was actually a rough political operation, as shown in the film. Burns was on the outskirts of the Harding administration scandal. When Hoover was appointed in 1924 to introduce professional law enforcement techniques and stringent standards of competence, he did so. Through the Hardest family, Stevart and Vera Miles' wife, we see that the history of the FBI is unfolding. In addition, we see a lot of their personal family history that is fully integrated into the FBI's own story. Stevart and Miles are certainly all American couples. We follow the FBI through some of the cases in which Stuart is involved, arresting members of the Ku Kluk Klan, plotting to kill Indian oil-rich, destroying notorious criminals in the thirties, taking part in the arrest of Nazi sympathizers in World War II and the Communist forces spying on the cold war. There is some kind of prologue, where Stevart speaks of a class at the FBI Academy before entering the history of the bureau as he intertwines with his. This includes a bomb made by a son on the airline that bought a lot of life insurance for his mother before the flight. Nick Adams will give you assholes as a perpetrator, and the story today is unfortunately relevant. Of course, if the FBI story was written and produced today, it would reflect something different and not so American. However, the FBI has a story to be told and it is by no means negative. The FBI story is not one of Jimmy Stuart's best films, but it's the first one I've ever seen with my favorite movie. an actor in him so that he has a special affection for me. If the whole FBI was made by Jimmy Stevarts, I would feel a lot better about it. There is also a good performance by Murray Hamilton as his friend and fellow agent who was killed in a shootout with Babi Face Nelson. Vera Miles not only married for Stevart, she actually married the FBI as a film demonstrates. It's already dated, but it still has a good and interesting story.
