This is the fun "history" of the FBI, but it should be viewed as a fiction, because that's exactly what it is. What else could be when J. Edgar Hoover personally approved and had a camera role in production. James Stewart is great, as usual, and auxiliary actors, other than Vera Miles, are good. Murrai Hamilton is particularly good in the role of Stevart's partner and best friend. The achievements of the FBI that the highlights of the film are undoubtedly true. What matters is what comes out of it. One of the most shameful parts of the film is the depiction of the murder of John Dillinger. It's portrayed pretty much the way it happened, but it's not mentioned at all by Melvin Purvis, the head of Chicago's bureau that conducted the operation. Instead, the operation was shown as if the fictional Chip Hardness had been led. It was said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity Purvis received after Dillinger was killed; Purvis was later transferred to a distant office and soon left the FBI. There is no doubt that Purvis never mentioned in the film. But this viewer, at least, stopped to think that if Purvis was treated in this way, what about all the agents who performed all the other operations shown in the movie. That they were completely ignored and replaced by the fictitious Hardest. The film is probably accurate in its overview of the FBI's activities until the end of the Second World War. However, after that moment, the film would convince us that the only threat of the United States came from international communism, which is undoubtedly what Hoover believed. It does not matter the mafia. Do not pay attention to the lynxs that were still in the south. It does not matter that the Negroes were intimidated to prevent them from voting in most of the south. I do not know if the FBI started listening to Martin Luther King until the moment this film was shot, but if not, it did not go long afterwards. As I said on this is a pretty good game, but it should be viewed as disinfected fiction.
