Years of drugs actually suffer from one of these aspects to mini-series or other types of TV documentaries that are constantly repeated on television. It's not really long enough, in a way. All the main foundations in decades have been covered, and everything is interesting for observing post-modern history and with different sides. But it almost does not cover enough, or at least what is covered is sometimes given once it can earn more time. For example, the information and details in the third part about the entire process and business for the delivery of mass quantities of drugs (part of marijuana, later cocaine) are really well presented, but there are more details that are kept to the insight of how much everything in everything, although the documentary casts enough the light of how drugs, pop culture, government intervention, higher layers and lower classes and the suburbs all feel the waves of various drugs over the years, and the interaction of all was very obvious. Nobody in the film - apart from the possibility of small hints with the pot - goes to the approval of medicines, but what is shown in the archive pistons is the sincerity of what is sometimes fun and then tragic about taking certain medications. The emergence of various stubborn, ridiculous anti-drug officials is difficult to score on some points, even in such a review of drugs and US links as a whole - because there really is only one main point that is done several times. one of the respondents. The only way to really approach the drug issue is not just to say no, because as the war on drugs has shown it is not as effective as it was thought. It is really only to clean all the drugs and people who can be hypocritical towards them (for example, Oksikontin continues on the market). Is it with great interest and depth of documentary Ken Burns? No, but for a little summer watching TV for young people (ie My Year) who will view this as an almost ancient history despite the fact that most were several generations ago, as well as for the "old" that can be reflected in decades later about the great peaks, careless times, and then the disappointment that the same media spurred several years earlier and propagated. There are those who might consider the documentary to be particularly biased, which is not completely untrue, but it tries to differ sufficiently from the social, political and entertainment conditions of drug interference (for the better or obviously above) for a sufficiently fascinating look.
