May and her husband leave for their children and grandchildren. The visit is inconvenient because grandchildren and "children" do not really know each other as they could be expected. There is no heat that should be there. After dinner, Mai's husband says he does not feel well, blames him for cooking his daughter and irritably says he wants to go home. He's dying that night. May, now widow, is lost. She obviously did not have a lasting marriage or a very interesting marriage, but she had a purpose. She had someone she needed, and even though her own needs had been unfulfilled for years, she had ties to her days. She is depressed and unmotivated. She goes to stay with her daughter, Paul, who soon after her mother comes, knows that her mother knows she never felt that her mother gave her much of herself. She is relieved of anger because of her mother's lack of care. It seems that the mother is disarmed and surprised, but she does not seem to have the energy or the desire to really correct things. "I am your mother and I love you." What does he really say? (I've heard this from my mother too many times and I still have not figured out what it means.) Paula is a little (well, more than a little) neurotic. Both women are in trouble, although they show it differently. Paula was in touch with a friend of her son, Darren, who is a master working at a house owned by her son. While Paul works during the day, May starts talking and lunch with Darren. Darren is a married man who has stayed with his wife for his autistic son, Nicky, but apparently does not live in a house with his wife. Mai becomes attracted to Darren because she is masculine and she enjoys the relationship they have. Darren attracts May because she offers some kind of peace and understanding that she does not get from other women in her life. (He is too interested in the money Mai says can give him "all by himself", although apparently not interested in her desire to join him on such a journey. During the day, May enjoys fulfillment as a woman she did not know for years, she did not even expect her to find out again.As her daughter Paula often told her to leave Married Darren, it becomes part of the rationalization of May, what she is doing is fine. In the writing group that she is led by Paula, May is introduced, and is forced to meet with a widow who is not attracted to the elderly a man who obviously can barely perform, and that's really painful and disturbing until we see a complete disgust on Mai's face as they endure a former terrible bond. The very graphic drawings of the mother, that her mother and Darren were this sex will no doubt be seen from At one point during the Pauline Writing Group, May reveals through a short essay that she felt like hating her children by the end of the day, and that she would go to the taverns after they slept, they go home before her husband. It is clear that a good mother does not think to leave the children alone until she goes to a local pub. Mai, however, earlier in the film revealed that her husband did not like having friends, so she had no friends. She did what she wanted. She was poor, but she suffered because she, as she said, "was easier." So, while Mai was not the best mother, for those who are inclined to have any compassion towards her, one might see that Border Campaigns are an act of a woman who wants to be sexually active and to live in "a few minutes" in her life. A woman who just wanted someone to listen, to know her as a human being, to have friends and lovers. Paula, although neurotic and unhappy, may have become so for her parents who raised her. Of course, it is not difficult to understand why Paul feels completely betrayed by his mother. It's a well-made movie, with more complexity than I mentioned, and certainly one that will leave the viewer to many, perhaps conflicting reactions. This is a film about which is being discussed and debated, and above all it is worth seeing. One thing that our film leaves us is the horror and fear of lonely life. Regardless of who is considered "right" or whom every viewer considers "wrong," this topic of age and loneliness, which in most of us provokes a sense of fear, is inevitable.
