While the title of the movie contains the word 'Mother', the first thing that comes to mind is to be a mother's love for children. However, Mother tells another story. Mother does not discuss love between mother and her child, nor does she sacrifice for the welfare of her child. Here, the director of Notting Hill Roger Michell tells us that his mother's love for a man about a half of her age hurts people around her. Before Daniel Craig assumes the role of James Bond, here plays Darren, a man who helps to renovate his mother's house and sleeps with his daughter. Anne Reid, who was a famous face on TV shows, takes on the role of the protagonist, May. The story begins with a Mayweather with the sudden loss of her husband, Toots, in a family visit to her son Bobby. As she fostered with Darren, a master who was rebuilding Bobbie's house, she was shocked by the knowledge that her daughter, Paula, was sleeping with Darren. At the same time, May faced life after Toots's death. Fearing that Harry and Paula do not want, Mai begins to find his life out of the way, while not spending his afternoon with Darren. Darren was nice and friendly until May, and May soon finds affection for Darren. Instead of treating him as a friend, she was referring to a man who was about half a year old by love for the couple. Later, Mai found sexual satisfaction from Darren, where she gave her the pleasure she could never find with anyone else. And this is the beginning of a catastrophe that can lead to a family's collapse. The mother explores the inner world of the widow who wanted to try something she had never had in her life, and consolation. to someone who is there to help her. This can be said from May to buy snack tea during Darren's tea to meet the sexual needs of a younger man from her, where she ultimately gave her more than she asked for. Anne Reid made a breakthrough for her Role May, as she was previously best known for her role in TV shows. Since she does not have many movies in her career, Mike has put her in criticism. Daniel Craig, on the other hand, had a similar role in his film career, such as Silvia (2003) and Enduring Love (2004). If his reprising role of James Bond fails, film critics should not forget to have better results in small productions in their years of film career, and Mother is one of them. Mother may not be favored for everyone, but definitely not your usual matinee to be accompanied with tea and cakes, with butter and jam.
