With the death of her husband, Mai, an elderly woman faces a future in an urban world that she sees as invisible, dead from the bottom to the bottom, and undesirable in the pseudo-sophisticated iuppies of her son's home, Bobby and his shallow women. , Helen and Paula, a daughter who was absorbed, kept up and was minimal talented. The central family is all but the warmth, support and understanding of her new and tragic phase in life with the death of her husband. The mother is a silent study of the character that indicates that in some societies the elderly parent is undesirable and the burden for adult children whose careers and seeking status overshadow everything else. As May discovers that the world is still important, a lonely widow finds his libido that re-awakes and lives with the boyfriend of his daughter, carpenter and rough type. He can embark on an unwitting sexual affair with Darren, whose character is initially cute, but his erroneous nature is quickly revealed through the pressures of women surrounding him. It's a kind of role that Hollivood actresses of a certain age squeak never write for them, but they would never appear because sincerity, open sexuality, glamorous dressing, small makeup and social commentary on the nonsense of the society itself in which women mostly deal with the film industry. The performance of the main actress, Anne Reid, ranges from silent to dizzy, and her interpretation flashes on the screen of gray widows to sexually alive and freed women in middle age without facelifts, extensions and liposuction. He wears more of his soul for the screen. Daniel Craig is the assistant to the game, Derrek who moves both mother and daughter. He turns into another starry performance that initially sympathized with the widow's situation, but in the end he is without redemption because his real nature is developing and he literally rode in a hen house. The incapacity of his damn character to say not to the ex-wife, the boring girl, and her mother is blamed as the root of his ineffective existence. Although he is good with his hands in building a conservatory, he is not able to make sense of his life. One of the best movies from Britain in years, it's just an adult in your story. The mother is a rare type of film that may be too honest for the American audience to tolerate no car rioting, no bling, no sound on the tail to suppress the critical appearances of television starlets and torrents. The mother reflects how older babies boomers are now available to people who are desperate to neglect their descendants, send them to retirement homes and get off the road. May does not know what to do while Darren is alive, she is not willing to go home at home, and believes her children are more conservative than ever at their age.
