What a moving film. I have a dear friend who in the 1960s and for 15 years has told me that people no longer see, and that he craves for socializing. Being in the late 40's I begin to see what she complains about. You're no longer young, nice or touchy. When May says "... this body bump ..." wow. How our body is changing and how we were told it was no longer nice. I love when she starts to change what she wears ... a colorful scarf ... she is no longer a frumpy wife. It's a sad and wonderful picture at the same time. Sadly in May she betrays the trust of her daughter ... beautiful in finding her through the difficulties of the affair and deciding to continue and finally have her life. I love a character who dares even to start a love affair. Basically I love the film, because in the end it is a picture that shows the intricate nature of the relationship, whether it's family or not. We see Paul's vulnerability, but she will have what she wants at all costs ... (telling her mother she will have a baby for Darren if she wants one or not after her mother asks if Darren even wants a child). The film focuses on how relationships can change, yet reveals what has been here all the time, dormant. May has quenched her creativity to raise her family. The family she really did not want, but she was "something you just did when she was young". I love the scene when Darren calls the old cake, and she smiles and says, "I've never been called so before". It was really the jewel of the movie. And Daniel Craig. Well, I love him. I was pleasantly surprised. Not only is he pleasant in his eyes, he is a real talent. What a proper role. He is much more than anybody 007 who is surely and I'm looking forward to seeing him in more of this role. The scene he enjoys in May and the look he gives is a kind of wonders that he has such control over this woman, as well as the satisfaction he can give to her. He actually enjoys giving her satisfaction. Beautiful scene. Contrast is a love scene with Bruce. Bruce is completely absorbed by his own pleasure ... two completely different men. <br /> <br /> Awaken ... I wonder where my Darren is?
