This is a great film dealing with a potentially exploitative subject with high sensitivity. Anne Reid, who previously was best known in the UK for her television roles, including 'Dinnerladies' (a series that Viktor Vood wrote about catering workers in the company, if you are wondering), gives a performance of finely judged incredulity like May 60 are mourned mothers of two adults in a class in London. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) dies in a visit to a man of this type (Bobbi), and we see that the two are fairly casually welcoming Bobbi and his family. However, the May teacher Paula (Cathrin Bradshav) lives nearby, and the relationship between May and Paula seems closer at first. So, when May decides that she can not live in her home and return to London, she is able to stay in Paul's house and take care of Paula's more grateful descendant. It is during May's visits. Bobby's house moves into an affair with Darren, a friend of Bobby from the mid-30s, who works on the extension of the house. In what might be the first mainstream British film to show him so, it is May, not Darren (Daniel Craig *) who initiates the meeting and, at least for the beginning, it seems that the relationship is based on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least on DVD I saw: differences in the IMDb list indicate the existence of other versions), and the physical basis of the affair is resolved directly, but not exploitatively. The relationship between mother and daughter Paula is more intensively illustrated, which is recently turned into 'therapy and self-examination', which announces that Mom never supported it. Paula is also Darren's lover, and when she reveals Mai's explicit but rather poor drawings of Darren and Maja, things go downhill in a dramatic but controlled way. Only in the English film, perhaps, the daughter could announce that she would hit her mother, it is kindly to ask her to get up and hit her neatly. In the meantime, May is retiring in a presumed relationship with a decent but senior member of the Pauline Writing Group. There is a clear contrast between the unwanted sexual relationship and her affair with Darren; At that moment, Mai begins to agree with Paul, and Darren's worm starts to turn (reveals a cocaine that maybe she asked for her money, if not all of it, but for some of the rides). So the Mai is superfluous for the needs of his children and finally returns home (but later leaves on a jetliner for new pastures). The strength of the film is that it shows the unwavering but compassionate truth. the nature of the modern relationships of adult parents-parents, where loss can leave the surviving parent more emotional than having no one to care for them. This is not new, but the openness of showing sexual needs in more than 60 years can be. The darkness of the content of the film, from the scenario of Hanif Kureishi, contrasts with the way it is illuminated (it seems to be an eternal summer), and the overall mood is exciting - it could have been so easy to be another piece set in fierce and rainy England. The ending may be underlined, because we do not know where Mai goes or how long - maybe she's Shirley Valentine with a pension, she's certainly not Picasso. Anne Reid, however, reveals himself as a good actor whose professional life will surely change forever. Like Julie Andrevs from Torn Curtain (said Paul Nevman), "Here's your Mari Poppins (Read Dinnerladies) picture forever"). Yes, he was released in October 2005 as the new James Bond.
