At the beginning of the movie we see how Mai and Toots are preparing for a trip to London to visit their adult children. It can be seen that Toots is not in the best health, but he goes on. When he suddenly dies, the Mayan world begins to turn control. The film directed by Roger Michelle, based on the play by Hanif Kureshi, is a study of how this mother approaches her new status in life and her awakening into a world that she does not even know existed until now. Mai's life as a woman in a suburban settlement was probably boring. Obviously, her sexual life was almost nothing. We realized that she had a brief off-balance sheet affair, then nothing. When Mai loses her husband, she can not return home, and instead stays behind her granddaughter in her daughter's house. In this environment, May begins to crave young and stunned Darren, her daughter's occasional lover. Darren wakes up in May the passion she never knew. May reacts turning before our eyes. May, which at the beginning of the film is vague, suddenly begins to dress, becoming an interesting and attractive woman. She ends up falling head over the heel with this young man who holds up the passion she has never felt before. After I knew several cases similar to this story, I was not surprised to watch Mai's reaction. Her own chance for a normal relationship with Bruce, a widow, ends frustrating for May, who realizes how good he is with Darren. The younger man, we presume, is just in this affair to satisfy the possibility of extorting money since May. Finally, daughter, Helen reveals what Mama was doing behind her back when she reveals the erotic images her mother made. The film is a triumph of the director. In Anne Reid, g. Michell has found an extraordinary actress who contributes so much to the Mayan role. Daniel Craig is awesome. He knows Darren will react to the situation. Ana Wilson Jones as Helen is also vital to the story because she is the one who has to face her mother about what is going on behind her back. Oliver Ford Davies plays a small role as Bruce is an older man in Helen's class and is quite effective. Film rewards those who will see it open minded. <br /> <br />
