[WARNING: CONTENTS OF SPOILERS] I have this adult friend for whom she is afraid that her parents have sex. It came to my mind when I was thinking about the reaction of the audience to "Mother". People breathed in when Mai (Anne Reid) was passionately dragged into bed with her younger lover, Daniel Craig, or later saw sexually explicit drawings by May. I doubt that the audience was horrified by nudity or the content of the drawings, and that she felt uncomfortable seeing a woman in her sixties, how terribly enjoying sex. Sin fanatik ") again proves why he is among the purest narrators on both sides of the Atlantic. His story is not easy to take. This terrible family drama is not a movie that you can claim to enjoy watching because it's raw, complex and often makes us very unpleasant. Still, it's a very good thing. Kureishi and Roger Michell (who directed "Notting Hill", all things) make an unsentimental, distorting and top-notch portrait of an older woman who, nevertheless, understands. These years, she can and should enjoy in all life's pleasures. In a miraculous epiphonal moment, when her son, Bobbi, asks it not to be hard, Mai shoots back, "Why not?" Why not, really. Anne Reid deserves an Oscar nomination for her order as May. It is subtle, restrained, strong and sad, often at the same time. Watch Reid when Mai watches Darren and Paul (Cathrin Bradshaw) in a seemingly passionate clutch at the pub. Or, when he asks Paul to open the door after a catastrophic date. Reid's eyes and face reveal all of Mai's sufferings and despair. In the most devastating moment of the film, Mai falls on his knees before Darren, willing to do everything for him, only asking him to be kind. This is an incredibly successful performance of the extraordinary actress. I enjoyed using the natural sound of Michell, especially when Mai and Toots first came to Bobbi's place. It perfectly illustrates the cacophony around Maya and Tootsa, a frivolous way that their family welcomes them. This film, sometimes, reminded me of the sincerity and cruelty of Mike Leigh's work, except for "The Mother" is holding a mild optimism to stay on the surface. My only remark: Michelle's decision to provide Maiu and Darren Love Scene is a low level of sensuality. The lovers stay out of focus, while, in the foreground, the white curtain flashes gently on the breeze. The only sound has been a passion since May. The problem with Michell's approach is that both Reid and Craig, who are fully engaged in the role of Darren, so fearlessly entered into these roles is unfairly hiding the almost primitive energy of their characters from the audience. Especially because Michell has no doubt that later sex scenes will be visceral. This film does not have immensely sympathetic characters. We sympathize with Maja, but it also causes the suffering of her daughter. But I doubt that Kureishi intended for his people a story with a nice people. His thought, I think, was to break up the family that is already shooting when something emotional cataclysm happens. It is unbending in its sincerity and, ultimately, unforgettable.
