It's hard to imagine a director capable of such a nasty shit like 'Notting Hill' pulling something so sensitive and attractive as this, but well, here's the evidence and it's pretty convincing. Some of them alluded to a television drama, and that, this is seventies, Playa for Todai sometimes feels, but always above it, I mostly think that this is due to something superlative acting by Anne Reid and a fine script that shades-boxes with clichés, and never reach your nose, except perhaps at the end. (I did not like the recording of indifferent forgiveness through the hallway, nor the ultimate scene with beautiful morning hours: it earned a more studied finale than I think after so much hard work, the job was also a little OTT, thinking). What I mean about avoiding clichés: okay, for one I had a sinking expectation that the "mature" man of Maja's daughter will try to start throwing him into 2 dimensions as a defensive old borehole, in order to get better he contrasted with an attractive, masculine young savage with which he is inadvertently competing. Instead, we get an unexpectedly subtle and compassionate comedy of a lonely, clumsy, not quite unknown and very humble guy, who still does not have much idea about the party of a woman. It was around that moment when I started to sit and pay more attention. Here was a script that allowed the actors to breathe and do something interesting with pretty small parts. Almost Mike Leigh in this regard (minus fictitious catharsis for which this is inexplicable). And of course, I was, as they all were probably, stunned by what An Reid works with her character and with her body. She is / no / "suppressed, obedient housewife who first discovers," it is too simplified for the character that we have. Over and over again, there are allusions to being "a bad housewife", not to mention what she does with dishes, trying to look gently and handsomely and only makes her look uncomfortable. The daughter accuses her of "sitting all day in front of the television" instead of, regardless of her maternal duties, which she assumes was: there is no answer. She was never a model of a wife and mother, at least not for herself - from here comes a lot of sharpness, the feeling that someone lost his life trying to fulfill his role in which he simply was not good.
