Children - regardless of age - do not want to know about the sexual life of their parents. And adult children are often seriously confused and disturbed by any evidence that older parents have an active libido. In the end, many movie viewers are very uncomfortable when they watch an unruly widow who will go unnoticed almost everywhere to discover the painful ability and need for a poor passion with a handsome man half a year. "Mother" is a provocative look at the rarely recorded reality - a woman who is not ready to stay home, watches "television", and grows after her husband for almost three decades, and controlling, dominating the guy in that, It is packed with a massive heart attack. May (Anne Reid) and her husband have two children, each non-functional in their own way. The male son lives with a beautiful woman who can bring him to a bankruptcy court with his extravagant commercial venture. Paula (Cathrin Bradshav) is a teacher with the tendency to succeed as a writer. She is attractive, she is not beautiful, and she seems to have a close relationship with her mom - at first. In her home after she buried her husband, Mai decides not to stay there. Rejecting typical widows with the legacy of boring days and without adventure, she leaves to stay with Paul who has a young son. Paulin's boyfriend, Darren (Daniel Craig), is an incredibly handsome performer who seems to take a very long time to finish adding home to Mai's son. May is quite excited by Darren, who was drinking heavy cocaine, whose behavior Paula should have warned Maya that he was, certainly, a member of the Royal Academy of Cads. What follows is a fierce affair between Darren and the obsessed, and now sparkling living (I dare say reborn?) widows. Love scenes are graphic, but take the second place on the feather and ink drawings of amateur artist Maia, who then play the role in the drama (or debacle, take your choice). The Manhattan Theater was packed for today's early afternoon with more than half of the audience ranging from May. If some were shocked or disturbed to see it disagree with erotic abandonment in the hands of a much younger man, it is a disgrace. This brilliantly honest look at the anxious passion of an older woman after decades of obedient submission to her husband's husband to stay home and raise up children (also mentions that she did not like having friends - what is her) asks a series of questions. While Mai's party with Darren does not represent an incest, there are real psychological dimensions and problems, with a mother who buried her daughter's mistress. And Paula is not made of the hardest things. The affair, once discovered, allows the relationship of mother and daughter to be opened, which, from Paul's point of view, left something that would be desirable. Mrs. Bradshaw is excellent in the role of a daughter who wants the support of her mother, as well as her love - a horrible hand was not mourned by life, but not a bed of roses. <br /> <br> May is strong in his determination to recognize his sexuality and to expect, truly demand, the future of happiness. But it is also inevitably vulnerable. She barks in unknown emotional waters. Who controls her relationship with Darren and why she finds it difficult to understand difficult problems, is much less a solution. In the sixties, it is still in progress. "Something You Must Give" recently showed mature sexuality, but in a fun and antiseptic way, assuring that no viewer will be disturbed. After all, it's Jack Nicholson and always beautiful Diana Keaton who is hiding in the rich world. And to ensure that there are no serious psycho-social problems, Keaton's young girl, Amanda Peet, Keaton's daughter, not only blesses the game, but also ensures that the audience knows that she and her old lover have never jumped into Sack. It is not easy here. Anne Reid has inspired a performance that, on some disadvantages, provokes respect from others. Her naked body breaks off sexuality for some and it seems absurd as an object of physical attraction to others (the comments of today's members are reflecting all these views). Honorable director Roger Michelle to solve a fascinating story with faith and empathy. 9/10.
