After SuperFriends and Scooby Doo left Saturday morning waves in the autumn of 1986, I pretty much stopped watching cartoons on Saturday morning because they were the only two that kept me. it seemed to me to be very promising, "retired," and started sleeping on Saturday morning. On Saturday morning I returned only in 1988 for that year for just one and only one animated show. The new animated show Superman was something I did not want to miss. I was 17 years old and then I was in high school, but then what! I loved this show. As far as I remember, this series is a gift for fans that I suppose will celebrate Superman's 50th birthday that year. She had a themed music and musical style that resembled John Williams's film from Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman. I honestly felt that Ruby Spears's animated style reminded the Super Povers Team: The Galactic Guardians series by Hanne Barbera a few years earlier. Unfortunately, Danni Dark did not return as Superman, but I felt that Beau Veaver did a very impressive job because Superman's voice and his Clark Kent was reluctant to be Chris Reeve. After hearing him as Reed Richards / g. Fantastic in the Fantastic Fourth of the Nineties, I can still see this version of Superman in my head. Ginny McSvain as Lois Lane. LOL! What a rhyme. She was the voice director for Hanna Barber and Ruby Spears, and I suppose she took over to do Lois. Memories of SuperFriends stayed in this series when voting came through. Jimmy Olsen is Mark Tailor, who was on FireFight earlier in SuperFriends. Perry Wake is none other than former television writer Batman Stanley Ralph Ross, who at SuperFriends was Gorilla Grodd and Brainiac in Super Povers shows. And Lek Luthor, now a wise billionaire, is none other than SuperFriends Voice, Michael Bell, best known to me as Zan and Riddler, as well as many other characters in many other series. I felt that this series was a combination of Superman's movie and post-crisis John Birne who imagined Superman, and Lek Luthor as a billionaire tycoon, Jonathan and Martha Kent were alive to see Clark as Superman. The Bruce Timm series and Lois and Clark would also do it. Unfortunately, we have never seen Brainiac, Bizarro, Toiman, Metallo or Darkseid. Except Luthor, we saw only Prankster and we saw General Zoda. I especially enjoyed one episode with Wonder Voman, whom BJ Vard uttered and played in Super Povers Team. Episodes broke up and I also enjoyed Clark's stories about the development and development from childhood to childhood to adolescence to an adult who moved to Metropolis in a short small segment, Superman's family album. Only two things that I did not like. It only lasted one season. And after visiting Vonder Voman, I hoped Batman would appear via Adam Vesta (I'm still thinking about Super Povers Team episode). I also hoped that in the episode Prankster, the baseball team of Metropolis was against Gotham Goth. Every popular Super Hero has a series of cartoons that is extremely rare. For SpiderMan, I feel it's a solo series from 1981 that is broadcast at the same time as Amazing Friends. For Incredible Hulk, it's a cartoon from 1982. For Fantastic Four, it's a 1978 series with HERBIE Robot. For Batman, these are Batman's New Adventures in 1977. Filmation with BatMite. But for Superman, the most common series is this. Superman books and documentaries never mention it. This is another series that the World Bank should consider for the DVD release. All in all, this Superman version of 1988 is good .... Great !!
