In the introductory scene, the patch for the eyes worn by a desperate by the name of Havkee has a smooth forehead, but when he follows Johnny into a Pueblo, he is shown with a scar on his patched eye. It is just one of the many continuities that collapse in this sharp "spaghetti" west, but instead of diminishing the image, it adds a special taste to the process. The second one happens when Sanchez turns three dead faces. bodies, they must be questioned for their identity - "You just can not imagine how many fake corpses we have in our city." Immediately after that, Carradine (Lavrence Dobkin) appeared to pick up his prize with no more than the desired poster in his hand. As for director of film Johnny Iom (Mark Damon), he is shown with the futrol alternately on the right and left side of the hip during the entire film, after exchanging the belts with Carradine after the conflict. Johnny is bound by San Margos' request for his uncle, but he will have to venge his death in the hands of the deceased wife Samantha (Rosalba Neri) and her brother Peder (Louis Vanner). It takes some time to get there, but it's a fun ride with one of the best music scores. As for this fight in the salon, I got a kick from the kung fu sound effects every time a punch came in. Want more exaggerated stories? After a duel with Pedro for the first time, Johnny clears a small amount of blood from his lips that he manages to pierce with Pedro's whole face. Similarly, when Pedro hits Pepe later in the film, he does not cut it, but when Johnny arrives, Pepe's face is covered with blood. "Johnny Iuma" is probably one of the best of the genre that does not have Clint Eastwood in it. Like Johnny, Mark Damon is a fairly suitable stand, but without a hot exterior. It seemed that Carradine was a substitute for Van Van Cleef's mandatory character, and that he was not a totally bad guy. At first it seems that the exchange of identity between Carradine and Johnny did not make sense, but it all linked it to the end of the film. You knew each of the supporters would get their money; the marking time for each of them was part of the expectation. In case you are wondering, the title hero has nothing to do with the character Nick Adams from the classical Western television "The Rebel". In this film, Johnny was named after the shooting that he had in Jumi once. Perhaps the most unique part of the story had to do with the way in which it all linked up with the evil Samantha that pulled down the arches behind the scene. After shooting at Carradine, she won before Johnny retaliated. Still alive, Carradine seems to be trying to shoot her and miss her, but it does not take long for Johnny and Sanchez to follow the dessert where she has gone without water - Carradine has targeted her canteen.
