One of the most satisfied western guitars, Johnny Ium has the freshness of many VAIs made during the peak of the genre and is recommended for fans of a genre or an unusual, intelligent cinema. Johnny Ium in most cases is not terribly genuine, but it's actually not counted. The success of a genre depends on how well the public's expectations are met, as well as the surprising variations on these expected elements. Previously, the pleasant experiences were re-created, but with a subtle (or larger) craft that provides a constant interest. The quality of execution is also obviously important. Tired renovation will be less successful than a sincere attempt to entertain or start an audience. Given these criteria, Johnny Iuma succeeds. There are numerous re-editions of elements from earlier films. The setting is a brutal, twisted semi-feudal twilight world shared by many of the best "gothic families" of the Westin made in 1964-1968, such as the Tempo di Massacre (1966). The action is a combination of the basic plot of Fistful of Dollars (1964) and Ringo films, which is not surprising because the screenwriter Fendiando di Leo was involved in both. Di Leo was one of the best screenwriters in the popular cinema who came out of Cinecitto in the sixties and seventies and his work helped to provide much of the thematic continuity and coherence in the genre (together with several other figures in several different circles of actors, directors and scriptwriters). In the attachment of FOD, the protagonist arrives in the city, causes a tense situation, then passes through almost death, followed by a resurrection (in some films, such as Kuella sporca storia nel vest (1968), this is literally crucifixion). The Catholic subton in narrative and symbolism is intriguing, especially given the implicit populist / explicit socialist affections of filmmakers and their films. The ringo shop, developed by Ernesto Gastaldi scriptwriter in a series of films played by Guliano Gemma, an egoist protagonist, chooses the community's interest in one's own way through a relationship with a member of that community (with the ironic ironic Irishness). The relationship between Carradine and Johnny is clearly based on the relationship of Manco / Mortimer from the fist Dollar (1965). Two scenes of pistol sweeps provide a smart dialogue and understanding between them. Numerous films, including Da uomo a uomo (1968) or even El Chuncho, were battered? (1967), uses this relationship between the elderly and younger man (father / son, elder / younger brother, angel advisor / opponent and peasant revolutionary) as the central dynamics of the plot. In addition, there is a focus on fraud and misleading, mazes and mirrors, which are repeated during the best early VAI. Canons and Pueblos in Almeria become literary labyrinths through which the protagonists and antagonists play moving cat and mouse games. What distinguishes Johnny Ium from other VAI is the quality of the use of the visual / psychological space of director Romol Guerrie. along with intelligent forwarding scenarios. The dialogue was never very important to the VAI and was often absurdly incomprehensible (he thought there were exceptions, such as cynical comments in Django (1966) or Faccia a faccia (1967), almost entirely through iconic images, these are the juxtaposition and description of the general Look at how the presence of the deadly Samanthe feels during the scene of beating looking from the roof or from the background of the action, or as Johnny searches for Samantha and Pedro in their safety and confidence in their power through their silent invasions to their ranch, hotel and even the bedroom This is again FOD theme) Finally, keep in mind that there is a focus on the search for information. Many elements, this is borrowed from FOD, which is ultimately based on the stubborn mysterious novel Red Harvest, through casual contacts, desired posters, heard conversations, window views, watches left in the soul, or false identities and movements through the wave that were created by the works of Pedro and Samante within this surreal and absurd reality that narratives are progressing to the conclusion. The film was noticed at a time when they were perceived as excesses in violence. Of course, these films were a little more violent than many American westerns. What was different was the psychological intensity of the violence and the causes to which it was attributed, which is that violence did not change, but that it changed. Johnny Iuma is special and interesting in his use and display of violence, and this is another interesting aspect of the film. What I personally consider the most interesting about most of this genre is the link that provides an anonymous movie. , an unnamed audience in Italy and Spain to whom these recurring narratives had some significance and interest. Artifact may not have intrinsic value in itself? some quartz marks from a prehistoric site, a fragment of a crushing vessel, or a piece of leather and rusted metal? but this is a reference to some unnamed presence, lives, which were significant simply because they existed. While Johnny Juma has an intrinsic value, much of her interest in me stems from this connection and mystery. Top spaghetti western sheet http: //imdb.com/mimovies/list? l = 21849907 <br /> <br /> Average SVS http: //imdb.com/mimovies/list? l = 21849889 <br /> <b> Only for fanatics (the bottom part of the pipe) http: //imdb.com/mimovies/list? l = 21849890
