THE TENANTS began as a short novel in 1971 by the late Bernard Malamud, a writer / philosopher, who questioned the clashes between Jews and Afro-Americans in Burnin's inflammatory atmosphere at the time of writing the book. As a novel, the story was fiercely real: as translated into the script of the novice by David Diamond and Danny Green (which also directs), this is a more cerebral dissertation that is gradually emerging into action in the last moments. Harry Lesser (Dilan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with a book under the belt, but is currently trying to finish his "latest" book ten years later. Convinced that he must complete the novel in the same environment where he began. he is the only tenant in a condemned Brooklin apartment owned by Levinspiel (Seimour Cassel) who is constantly trying to "buy out" Harry's lease so that the dirty, eroded building can collapse. Another black militant quasi-anti-Semitic writer, Villie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), whom Harry hates, hides and offers help to the writer's effort to write about the death of all Whites, comes into this atmosphere. Harry attempts to help William lead to conflict, and Harry's lesser encounter with Villie's girlfriend, White Jr., Irena White (Rose Birne) at a less friendly gathering of Villie's militant black brothers and sisters. Villie and Irene are on the skis, and Harry gradually falls in love with Irene and plans to leave New York as soon as Harry completes his novel. When Villie heard about the award and further criticized Harry, Villie explodes and begins the descent down not only of delicate friendship, but of competition between the writers. The ending "reveals the slippery nature of the human condition and the human capacity for violence and rescission." Actors do their best with a script that is somewhat embarrassing, but in spite of the scripted lines that borders on the preaching, they create convincing characters. Cinematography improves the story, keeping the mood wet and dense and primarily limited to the condemned building. The musical score is appropriately used by the solo jazz trumpet and blues piano to emphasize the tension and isolation of each of these unfounded characters. Although a little patience is needed to achieve this through cerebral vomiting, the film is worth watching at the end. At least it's trying to create Malamudov's bizarre look at life in a big city. Builds Harp
