This is a very well made movie. Actors, scripts and camera work are top-notch. And music is good, although it's mostly in the early film, when things are still relatively happy. There is not really a superstar in the actors, although few faces will be known. The entire actor works perfectly with the script. But it is difficult to look because there is no good end to the situation as it is shown. It is now modern to blame the British that the Hindus and the Muslims had been put on one another, and then brutally detained them in two countries. There is some merit in this regard, but it is also true that no one has forced the Hindus and Muslims in the region to harass one another as they did at the time of the division. It seems more likely that the British simply saw tensions between religions and were smart enough to use them for their goals. The result is that in the situation there is a lot of cruelty and inhumanity, and it's very uncomfortable to remember and see on the screen. But it's never colored like a black and white case. On both sides there is the basicity and nobility, as well as the hope for a change in the younger generation. In the end, when Puro has to make a difficult choice between a man, there is some kind of redemption. who ruined her life, but also truly loved her, and her family who rejected her, and then later found her. But up to that moment, she has no option that is without much pain for her. This film carries a message that both Muslims and Hindus have their own tough mistakes, and that both can be dignified and caring people. . The reality of the division further complicates this realization, as there can never be real reconciliation across the border between India and Pakistan. In that sense, this is similar to "Mr & Mrs Iier". At the end, we were glad we watched the movie, although the resolution was devastating. If the United Kingdom and the United States were able to deal with their history of racism with this sort of sincerity, they would certainly have been better off.
