I came to Pinyar from a completely different background than most other reviewers who set up here. I am relatively new to Bollywood films and I was born and raised in the United States. So I do not have a broad basis for comparing Pineapple with other Indian films. Fortunately, no comparison is needed. The pineapple stands for itself as nothing less than a masterpiece. In one order, I can tell you that Pinjar is one of the most important films that comes out of any studio anywhere at any time. On a mass scale, * * could be an Indian equivalent of "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" that was adequately promoted in the United States. It could be a movie Bollivood set on an American map. The American film audience has a long-standing love affair with the "Windbreaker with the Wind", and while Pinyar does not borrow from this plot, there are some transient similarities. At least this is an incredible (according to American standards) a 183-minute ride. In contrast to the large background of the Indian-Pakistani division of 1947-48. a woman captured by circumstances and caught up in trouble that she had not created. Put in an unsustainable position, it somehow manages not only to survive, but also to grow - and even bloom. If the story is missing in any way, she is in the exhibit. The rise of the Purove (protagonists) as a person would be better illustrated - at least for a western audience who does not know Indian culture - whether her story "back" was fully developed in the early part of the film. But that would extend the film from 3 hours to 3 1/2 hours or maybe even more. Because not one minute of the film is not futile, and none of what has been made can not be shortened by time. It's better for the audience to fill in something than it was before removing what's left. I can use a lot of words to describe the Pinyar: "touching", "disturbing", "tempting" "heart disturbances" immediately fall into the mind. But the "rise" may be just as convenient as any of them. Every story that points to the intransigence of the human spirit against the worst chances must be considered such. A Puro triumph - although it may not be immediately visible to those around it - is nothing less than an inspirational one. For the power of the story itself, I can not recommend this film enough. Equally inspiring is the presentation of Puroa Urmile Matondkar. Too often overlooked in the midst of the buzz of younger, more recent actresses, Urmila has the unique ability to deliver a completely credible character in any role she plays. It does not only work on the Purov part, it breathes life into the character. Manoj Bajpai chose Rasheed as an inspiration. He manages something that few Indian film heroes can: subtlety. His expression and nuances are essential for this role. He brings more dangers to the early part of the film with his penetrating eyes than all rebels who are combined with swords. If you only see one movie from Bollivood in your life, make it a Pineapple.
