As a director's debut Jack Nicholson, "Drive, He Said" shows at least that he is a talented director of actors. Even when it seems that the story loses its way to the audience (and the modern audience - if they can find it, which is constantly appearing on the eBai - may seem more freely formed than they think), the film contains vivid, interesting features. The film talks about two college children: the protagonist is Hector (Villiam Tepper, in what borders the performance in which he is playing), the star of Leopard, the basketball college he plays. While he has to deal with the coach (Bruce Dern), who puts pressure to stay focused, and the girl who is involved and excluded (Karen Black) with his emotional problems, there is Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the other kid. Gabriel seems to be just a little more than exhausted by the possibility of being drawn, and so in his radical mind he does everything he can to keep himself going. But while Hector is trying to find a balance between his upcoming glory and those he loves, Gabriel crosses the threshold of common sense. Nicholson, on the technical side of things, shows the fascinating style of editing that keeps things on the edge of basketball scenes, and implements darkness in many other scenes with a documentary feeling. And from Tepper, Black, and even Robert Tovne (writer of the Chinese Quarter, Last Detail and Mission: Impossible, among others, who rarely work), set some credible acting work. Although Tepper has a tendency to diminish his emotions. In some scenes, for example, when he could play sarcastically, he does not let it go for what's worth. With Margotta, on the other hand, in his performance there is a lively, weird force, and as it descends, it is terrifying, but perhaps understandable from time (and what climax). Dern steals most of his scenes, by the way, in a show that was supposed to bring him an Oscar nomination. Each line of his dialogue is appropriate, true, and never messed around like in the recent film appearances of the trainer. But what pulls the movie is that elements that include characters are not explained to the extent that they might want more. The film is based on the novel by Jeremy Larner, who wrote a script with Nicholson, and I expected the film to be longer than it was. It's a slim volume with lots of information, about time, about sports, about the basic feelings that were with those of the younger generation. Nicholson presents these characters and situations, and rarely show what motivates them (anti-war protestors are not involved, their part is understandable enough). Gabriel is upset with what is happening in Vietnam, but what else does he have? And Hector is the guy who is worried that he will be compiled for the NBA, and he still loves to play, but what keeps him? This whole atmosphere is intriguing, as the experience of college / basketball in the late '60s, but this intriguing quality, which leads to unconventionality, is kept in a place where it can not go further. All in all, the effect of film as a whole is bitter-sweet, and a bit memorable by its good points, not because of the low ones. And, of course, you can tell who stands behind the lens at every step. B +
