The film starts with a bunch of dead people walking in the individual cells, waiting for their inevitable meeting with the death of an electric chair. Then our "hero", called Tenshu, is taken to the chair, he is zapped, and then ... he is still alive. YUP! There's some choice from some freaking military guys who look really cool: or we'll kill you until we're sure you're really dead OR you can walk through this door and take any fate that can be in front of you. says yes to option 2, and then starts a real story. He wakes up in another type of cell (very high-tech and very large), where he finds another partner in the cell, who also Voice from the speaker tells them they are free to do whatever they want, as long as It's happening in that room. It sounds a little suspicious, but the two men accept: What else can What these two men do not know is that they are set together so they can awaken the inner urge to kill themselves in them. Sounds weird? Indeed, there is an increasing purpose of all this. it would not be discovered, and so it will remain undiscovered. But do not be afraid, it's unknown to harbor the viewer to watch more about this pseudo-action movie, because it has a completely different approach to the question: How long can you stand with a man who is SOB and would you Kill him to get freedom? The first hour is basically trying to wake up your interest, it sneaks without you actually knowing it. Then it becomes a slide ride with VILD Matrix-action combat scenes with a dose of individuality in honor of the comics from which the film is based. The film is really very special, so especially in that normal cinemas will not look under normal circumstances. However, the story is fascinating, the music is fantastic, and the actors do their work (some more than others) to make the film truly unique. If you should be so happy that your movie or video store has it, it's watching and enjoying the fact that not everyone was trying to make major films to earn huge bundles of money. <br /> <br />
