"L'Anglaise et le duc" by Erich Rohmer makes the perfect piece of pieces "La Commune (Paris 1871)". Both films, shown at this year's International Film Festival in Toronto, ironically illustrate how history has been developed by storytellers. Ironically, given the tragic events that took place in the United States during the festival. Set in Paris during the French Revolution, the film, based on Grace Elliott (Luci Russell) "Memoirs", is at first sight how she survived those innocent but dangerous days. She also describes in detail her relationship with the Duke of Orleans (played by Jean-Claude Dreifus), who, unlike her, is a supporter of the revolution. The truth to be formed, you do not know on whose side Rohmer will come. One of the earliest French "New Wave" filmmakers, Rohmer is often criticized for being too conservative. In the end, in the midst of the rebel days in Vietnam in the late 1960s and 1970s, he recorded romantic little sweets like "Claire's Knee." But do not sell the old boy, people, he has always been a student of human nature, not an ideologue, and L'Anglaise et le duc continues to confirm this. Rohmer's characters are never "bad guys" nor "good guys"; they are above all human beings who are able to expose the entire spectrum of human potentials - and limitations. That's why his films are always provocative, and this film is no exception. Now for technological nuts and bolts. Rohmer, although it breaks into its 80s, is still at the height of cinematographic innovation. L'Anglaise is like something you've never seen before. You guessed, the old guy - like some of the festival's directors this year - went digital. As if they were taking place in their original Parisian settings from 1780 In fact, you might be so distracted by the admiration of the authenticity of the looks of the movie. They must return to the second projection to capture the subtlety of the psychological film - and yes, I will say it - political insights. Toronto has some of the best young filmmakers in the world this year, as well as some of the oldest in the world . The old masters are there on the edges of the theater right next to the young. <Br /> <br /> Long live young. He lived age. And long live Erich Rohmer. <Br /> <br />
