Eric Rohmer "The Ladi and the Duke". he could use a better translation for the title. "The English and the Duke" might have been more precise. Although it is obvious that this film is not for everyone, judging by comments on this forum, it is worth watching it because, despite the tangled pattern of the story, Mr. Rohmer created a movie that can be considered as an art exhibition in the museum. The mixed technology used in the film, after all, works well. The weird story of Grace Elliott, a noble lady who was the lover of the English King and the French Duke of Durville, keeps our attention. The setting is Paris during the day that followed the French Revolution. The earth was in turmoil and power was in the hands of people who could not care for the aristocrats. The pictures show how agitators run around with the heads of well-known people right after their departure to the guillotine. Grace's attitude towards Duchess is over, but she remains a true friend to a great man who is in danger and loses his head himself. Grace moves through all the horrors around him without the possibility of escaping. There are even enemies in his house, in the form of a chef, Pulcherie, who would not hesitate to announce the least provocation. Watching the movie, sometimes, gives the viewer an impression moving on a journey through Louvre, watching huge screens that show this crucial era of French history. Instead of drawing attention to the digitization process, we found it to improve the film in many ways. Russell Russell, like Grace Elliott, is doing a good job to show this woman who has seen much in her life. It looks like her French language is excellent, because she seems to be fluent in speaking. Like Duc d'Orleans, Jean Claude Dreifus gave a fantastic contribution, which convinced us that he was a nobleman without any effort. Support was also great. As an ensemble. Rohmer gets good performances all over the place. For lovers of history, "Lady and the Duke" will be an interesting movie to watch thanks to the vision of Eric Rohmer.
