This is an incredible movie to watch. Using digital technology, the director, Rohmer, literally incorporated his live actors into painted backgrounds. Most of the time this works great, especially at the beginning, when the movie is like a book that appears. It's less successful in several scenes, where it limits the camera's angles (they did not paint the side of some buildings, for example), but this is a very interesting way to record a historical film that is so much about our own misconceptions and a limited view of history as a history. It is spoken through the memoirs of former mistress Duc d'Orléans, Grace Elliott. So, an event that Marxist historians, especially in France, are usually proclaimed as one of theirs, is here apologized from the point of view of a female aristocratic stranger. There is inevitably a different point of view - there can be no objective representation. The use of memoirs gives the movie a rather episodic quality. Personally I found that the story of the king's death was the most interesting. An incalculable royalist shocked when Duc voted for the king's death (the basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably useful to follow the dialogue between Grace and Duke here.He was a cousin of Louis and he was elected to the Assembly, where he immediately changed his name to Philip Euualita) . The recording of Louis's death is superb. Grace and her maid are in Meudon, Paris, watching from the hill with a telescope. We do not see execution, we just hear the mauser's comments, like Grace. The most dramatic event of the Revolution is happening outside the screen. Grace can not see how her king was killed. Her attitude is aristocrats. Every justification for Louis's death is literally above her vision. This is a powerful, intelligent movie recording. The love story between the duck and Grace is insinuated, never told, and is moving strongly (Duc seems a bit pompous fool, what does she see in him? He does not care about taste). Underwater flows of insanity (simply existing enough to be suspect) that move individuals to a time like the Revolution are illustrated how Grace's life turned upside down, her house is being searched daily, but she still orders her servants to cook food and not able to dress! If you have any interest in a subtle, well-spoken movie, the smart use of new technology to tell the old story, or presenting a key moment in European history by the aristocratic side of women, its ultimate outsider, then it's worth your time. It's a bit slow in places, but your patience has been rewarded.
