Like many Americans, I first met Haiao Miiazaki's works when I saw "Spirited Avai". I fell in love with the movie and I saw it many times. Now I am looking to see every movie of Miyazaki. One of his earlier works is "The Castle in the Sky". Although still pleasing, it's not as good as "Spirited Avai" (although comparing this or any film with his masterpiece from 2002 may be unfair). The young man named Pazu (James Van Der Beek) is working in the mine late one night when he sees a girl falling slowly from the sky. When she wakes up the next morning, she presents himself as Sheeta (Anna Pakuin). But Sheeta has a secret, and before she finds out, Pazu is drawn into an adventure that will bring him to danger with pirates, army and a lost floating city. We enter the film Haiao Miiazaki means that you can expect one thing: a sense of wonder and magic. Many filmmakers have tried, but nobody can create a sense of magic and awe, such as Miiazaki. Watching Miyazaki's movie is like experiencing a fantastic dream of childhood. Since the film is animated, dubbing a movie is not a big problem because it is almost impossible to determine whether or not lips are corresponding to the words. It also helps the translated dialogue to be well written and expressed by talented actors. The voice game is different. James Van Der Beek is the best. He brings irresistible enthusiasm and excitement to the role of the Pazu that is perfect for the character. Anna Pakuin is almost as good as Sheeta. She is scared of the events that are happening around her, but she knows what to do. Mark Hamill is unrecognizable as evil Muska. He is dangerous and wants something from Sheet, and he will do everything to get it. Other voices are bad. Cloris Leachman is terrible as Dola. Leachman may have won Oscars for "Last Imagination", but he is annoying as a pirate leader. Leachman gives character a disgusting sound that is almost always monotonous. It's so bad to almost destroy the movie! Jim Cummings is an effective actor, but he is wrong as a general. I would definitely recommend to see "Castle in the Ski". I'll probably buy it myself. But, although it's not as good as "Spirited Avai", it's still pretty good.
