Called from its original Japanese name LAPUTA (because it was an offensive phrase, something that Director Haiao Miiazaki was unaware of at that time), CASTLE IN THE SKI is the third movie of a master animator, and is one of his favorite ones of all time. The initial disappointment in the box office in its release in 1986, since then, has been accepted by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Svift's "Gulliver's Travels", CASTLE IN THE SKI is an action adventure story about two young orphans - the young miner Paz and a mysterious girl Sheeti (wearing a magic crystal around the neck) - joining to find the long lost island of Laputa , which is said to have great wealth and jewels. They are helped by a gang of uncomfortable, but compassionate, air-piracy headed by the fierce Dolom (who initially hunted them and turned out to be true allies) and persecuted by the government led by their undercover secret agent Musko, who wants the power of Lapute for his own benefit. For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this movie is an excellent choice, with the right amount of humor, research, wonders and mysteries. to be interested. An artwork, although not as spectacular as in some later Miyazaki's films, is fantastic and beautiful enough to watch with imaginative characters and locations, incredibly exciting action scenes and staggering flights that will make you feel dizzy. And while the characters who inhabit this story are less complex than other Miiazaki's works, each one has an unforgettable, precious personality that remains with the viewer long after the film finishes. Dola, in particular, makes a great comedy character, shouts orders to her dimvitted sons for a moment and be protected from Sheet next. Muska is one of the rare Miiazaki creations that ever encounters as an irreparable criminal, but as Dola, he commands to every scene in which he is with an evil charisma that is both attractive and chilly. Anime fans often compared this film to Gainak's adventure series NADIA: TAJNA BLUE VATER. In the end, both works share similar stories and elements of character ... not to mention that both of them were created by Miiazaki itself. When both are different in their execution. NADIA, although in most cases charming, suffered from a wrong turn halfway through the cartoon-like nonsense, which, although it distanced itself from the main action, even though it had a strong ending. On the other hand, the castle in the sky remains consistently fun and focused on its two-hour working time and is getting better for it. While the epic tone of the film sometimes breaks out some "cartoon" moments, such as a quarrel between Pazus's boss and one of the Dolina's sons, it's never so important that it diminishes the film. About eleven years ago, Disney released an English version of great-name actors such as James van der Beek, Anna Pakuin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandi Patinkin, and some humorous performances by veterans such as which are Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. He also has an ambitious processing of the great music score by Joe Hysaisi for the performance of the Seattle Music Orchestra (interestingly, the man behind this summary is none other than the composer himself). As much as the purists cried blasphemy over this version due to the occasional additional dialogue and the mentioned recording, Miiazaki did not have such problems; in fact, he is said to have greeted the processing, for good reason, because the new music is really a new dab star. Although there are some cases when filling some of the critically quiet scenes from the original Japanese language is a little disturbing (especially a trip through a storm cloud with dragons), the overall processing is fantastic and in many ways improves on the original, especially in scenes like when a robot attacks the fortress and climatic moments to the end. Here Hisaishi shows his musical variety and genius for matching music with visuals. As for the performance in dubbing, the cables are probably at the short end of the stick; Pazu James Van Der Beek sounds much more mature than his character, while Sheet Ane Pakuin speaks with a strange accent that sometimes varies (a problem that actually works for the character). This means that they both work well and provide quite convincing chemistry. It is a lively, auxiliary cast, which, however, makes this fun so much fun, especially Dola Clorais Leachman and Musko Mark Hamill. Both were perfectly thrown and stolen every scene they were in; as with the rescore, these two really justify listening to the Disney Dub. Adapting scenarios sometimes borders with the free side - there are plenty of additional lines and / or comments (some of which are pricelessly funny and some are somewhat exaggerated) - but apart from at least one disconcerting change (The Sheetine Speech in Climate Analysis "the world can not live without love "in contrast to the original" you can not survive except the Mother Earth, "the total characters, the story and the spirit remain fairly authentic to the original. In general, it makes little sense to compare the Disnei version with the original lantern, each putting its mark on this legendary strap - They are both better than Streamline / JAL's literally but horribly robotic, lifeless, endlessly starred and poorly written older ones from the late 1980s; do not trust anyone who says this is version "superior" for Disneis - believe me, the opposite is true.) In any case, you can not go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SKI. This is one of the best Miiazaki's times, and I recommend it.
