The first of the official Ghibli films, Laputa is most similar to its predecessor Nausicai, but while Nausicaa was a SF ep, this is a more action comedy-adventure with a pretty weak SF premise. For the first half hour of the film I thought I would love it. Once again, you are in awe of Miiaquaki's attention to detail, and his ability to conjure up the imaginary world in a pedantic, splendid perfection. Animation, although not yet in the league of later Ghibli films, is a bit better than in Nausicai. In my review Nausicae I mentioned that one character is drawn in the 'Lupineskue' anime. style. There's a lot of them here: pirates. They provide a comic element in the film, although it is quite certain that he needs a comic element. There was nothing funny in Nausicai, and I think it was better for that. Still. After saying this, Dola, the pirate leader, is easily the most impressive feature in the film (even if it's basically a Long John Silver woman.) Do not be surprised if you remember Planet Treasure in time) and Cloris Leachman sounded well in the US dubu. English voice in most cases proved to be good. However, something started to shape me in the shape of a pear on this film halfway. I think the best way to describe this is that the characters are swallowed by the vast extent of the story. I'll be back to it later. There are many things that can admire the Lapula, and so many people obviously like it, I almost feel evil that I give it to only 8 out of 10, but for me, that operative word is 'admiring'. It was more impressive than personal impact, and more than two hours began to pull. For me, it was a key thing: I really realized that I did not care about any character. Disney would take care of the development of characters, make you really fall in love with them, instead of leaving them as relatively two-dimensional pieces to be moved while watching the wonderful aspects of the movie. It would even be tolerable if there was something difficult to compensate in the story, but basically there were many goblery about princesses and magic crystals. That's where Laputus falls as far as I'm concerned, and that's what gets him back from the potential 10 out of 10 movies. Saying this, it must be admitted that Miiazaki was a league in front of Disnei in 1986, when you consider that their movie was a terrible 'big mouse detective' the same year. Lapula is a good movie in somehow incredible movie, and it definitely needs to see it, but I feel it overestimated. I definitely prefer the earlier "Nausica Valley of the Wind". BTW, if you manage to watch them in chronological order, watch how the fox-squirrel from Nausicae appeared briefly in Laputa.
