I just realized that I have been using IMDb for years and have never reviewed my favorite movie. By my favorite, I do not think for now what I like, I think this film is so supernatural perfect that it will never come to another animated experience. This is obvious because I will never again be a child; I saw the movie on ITV in the early 1990s. I was 12 years old and it's the age group to which this film is directed, I'm also the man, the sex for which this film is intended (the vast majority of Miiazaki's protagonists are women). Because of this, this film indelibly inspired my childhood psychology and I am always grateful to Carla Macek (sp?) For producing the English dub of this film, which is far superior to DiN production that is not ridiculous - I have never been able to watching it - of course, subtitling is the only way in the end, though Macek's version is so good (voices almost identical to the original Japanese actors) that this version is available in Japanese DVD! Not available in any distribution in the country that speaks English. Go figure. There are hundreds of competent reviews, so here I will put some trivia, not the final information archive for this movie. First I would agree with a reviewer who said that you needed 20 out of 10 to view Miyazaki's films - they are so in their league that almost all of the IMDb catalogs combine pale and insignificant. The fascinating story with this film is that Miiazaki based the rural environment around the Slagina Ravine (Pazu city area) on the Welsh mining community. He visited Wales for several months in the early 1980s (perhaps late 70s) immediately after one of the major mining strikes. As a passionate supporter of the socialist student movements in the 1960s, he felt their condition. The struggle between citizens and pirates initially serves to illustrate this empathy with a working man. The village and the clouds, especially in this film, remind me of where I grew up, because his film portrays a fantasy version of the hills of the Midwest of the British Isles. The island is of course from the Swift genius of the eighteenth century satirical novel - the story in Swift's book is, deliberately, ridiculous. In a castle in the sky, Miiazaki intertwines myths like Atlantis and the Tower of Babel - I think that architecture is based on Peruvian ruins, although I'm not sure, somebody told me that. Everyone who reads this review and who likes this movie REALLY will want to look at the Miyazaki epic series Mirai Shounen Conan - Future Boi Conan - based on the short sci-fi novel 'The Incredible Tide' of Alexander's key (novel available online). Conan is basically a prototype for Laputin Paz and Shit. In addition, you may not be familiar with his previous work for Masterpiece Theater - some of his key animations. He also made a key box for Sherlock Hound - this has some of the best backgrounds I've ever seen. Also check out Miazaki and Takahatu's first feature film Horus Prince of the Sun (1968) - incredible according to today's standards. What more ... Gauche Cellist and The Fliing Ghost Ship - although they are quite rare. This film is such a gift, I do not know what we would do without it All this other story of shit, this is like an oasis. Arigatou Miiazaki-sensei!
