The castle in the sky is undoubtedly the Haiao Miiazaki film. After I first saw her, I'm glad to say that she does not disappoint. On the contrary, you get the value of your time, which means (as far as Miyazaki's films are concerned), it is nothing less than excellent! Produced by the beginning of his film career, Castle in the Ski predicts many brands in his later films, with strong (but young) female characters, who are forced to grow up due to external circumstances, helped very interesting (a sometimes appealing) auxiliary characters. And, of course, the usual battle of nature in relation to civilization, flying machines (much more!), Beautiful scenery? but unfortunately, there are no pigs (at least I noticed, after everything I saw him only once). However, for two years now, Miiazaki had his theater debut with Nausica, which was the general rehearsal for Princess Mononoke, his magnum opus. The castle in the sky is set up a little of the two, with a soft action package for the first 30 minutes, similar to its TV series Conan, and its directed episodes of Meitantei Holmes. Here we are introduced to Sheet, a girl who literally falls from the sky, only to find Pazu, a boy who works in a small village mining town. Interested in her amnesia and doubting the connection between her and the mysterious flying city of Laputa, Pazu will help her find out where she came from while escaping from the army and gang of air pirates. As the movie progresses, the action becomes more difficult and more interesting, revealing Miiazaki at its best. The soundtrack is very similar to Spirited Avai (or vice versa, since the Castle was built for the first time in the sky), and similarly to its director, Joe Hisaishi - the composer - begins with a very light score, which becomes more complex and beautiful as the plot moves go ahead! Note for English dubbing, with a good interpretation of the two leading stars, although Sheta Anna Pakuin has a very dense accent (which the actress still had at that moment in her career), and the head for Mark Hamille as Musku, making up for the enthusiastic, yet devilish villain! Do not miss this person!
