Another feature film by Haiao Miiazaki, and his first widely accepted and commercially and critically (although he has debuted - Nausicaa AKA Varriors of the Vind, many fans consider his best), 'Tenku no Shiro Rapiuta' AKA 'Castle in the Ski' can looked childish and simplified compared to his newer masterpieces such as Kiki's Delivery Service, Mononoke-hime, and Spirited Avai, but in 1986 they were years ahead of their time and it was one of the a milestone of modern anime. It is important to remember that the 'Castle in Heaven' was created two years before the revolutionary 'Akira', and although it is not provocative and controversial like the aforementioned masterpiece, the main characters are mostly the basic characters of hero / heroin / negativ manga, and the story is quite predictable Obvious (at least in today's standards), Miyazaki's designs and animation works are standards that have never been seen before. While the story and humor are sometimes a bit stupid and obsolete, the film is still very fun and very pleasant - if not amazing as "Spirited Avai". And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the frames themselves and ignore the low-budget color and animation and the identical faces of the twins - at this point Miiazaki is still true to its roots and the agreed standards of Japanese drawing-you will see Miiazaki's brilliant glow through him as well as 'Spirited Avai' and Mononoke. While the "Castle in the Sky", as an adventure of science fiction fantasy and very suitable for children, fits more into a classic anime than to anything he has been working since, his motives and principles continue to show and play an important role. To say a lot more would be to destroy the film, so I will kindly silence. It's enough to say that I'm only giving her nine stars, because if I gave him ten, I could not go for Spirited Avai and Princess Mononoke. And that would be a crime. Like in most of the anime movies, I recommend you watch the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you do not speak a Japanese word - English overdubs just do not Tend to be very good, and in this case it's just horrible . You may want to watch it in the English version only once, just for laughter, and for actors filled with stars (English dub was recorded only after the success of 'Spirited Avai', as was the case with 'Kiki's Delivery Service' ') - Ana Pakuin and James Van Der Beek (Yes, the guy from Davson!) Fill in the lead roles, Mark Hamill (Luke Skivalker from Star Wars, in case you do not know!) The game of a villain and other roles are filled by Andi Dick, Tres MacNeille (Simpsons, Rugrati, Animaniac ...), Michael McShane (fra Tuck from Kevin Costner's Robin Hood Tragedy) and Mandi Patinki n (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoia ...) Good for laughing, or laughing really. But first look at the Japanese.
