By listening to the sound background at this moment, the images return to the colorfulness that makes my longing for the dry eye very strong (so that I can knock this). I've seen him twice before, and I should be ashamed of seeing him * only twice. I've seen all the Miiazaki & Studio Ghibli movies, and they are always nothing short of masterpieces (except perhaps for Nausica, which was, even in the unreached version, premature in relation to the nec-plus-ultra manga). However, their power sometimes becomes their weakness, because they tend to become too naive / positive (Chihiro), or, with more shades, too explicit / moral (Mononoke). At least, in comparison with, for example, another Ghibli master Takahatom (the Crucified Tomb / Only yesterday / Raccoon Vars). But not this one. In Laputta, Miiazaki pours all the brilliant story that storytellers have gathered and perfected through the ages, combined with a little morale, but nicely intertwined not only with a completely transcendental atmosphere, but also with humor and fun at example Totoro. Each main character is perfectly portrayed with their suspicions and fears and their qualities that help them overcome the difficulties. Pacing is so perfect that I do not know anything but a black hole that could do so gravitational attraction of all of your being. The story is described as an action flick with the mysteries you have suggested, but when a girl falls from the sky, unconscious, floats along the rock, and the main theme appears, you will get an insight into the great mystery you will discover. , but the story then calms down gradually, through a number of carefully selected scenes of action and tranquil beauty, builds on the unforgettable peak of melancholy, hope, beauty - like, the next day of gloomy darkness, finally watching the horizon in the clear morning, knowing that the path was walking, watching the distance in front of you, but laughed at the very fact that it is able to see it. It's like the exploding white light in your skull that if When credits start rolling, your eyes were dry, and your mind is nauseated, you should see the therapist. Despite the fact that it is technically-picturesque, some newer Miiazakis could be stunning, I remain his undeniable masterpiece. If you take a fraction of a second to realize that it was made back in 1986, you can only come to the conclusion that Haiao Miiazaki is a genius like a star that appears only once every 200 years. This has, of course, been suggested earlier, but for me this is the only film that in itself can fully illustrate this simple fact. If you miss this throughout your life, you will die with a big gap - which would be a disadvantage, as the suitcase costs the same.
