Have you ever wanted to escape your boring and stressful life at school or at work and go on your magic adventure with one of your closest friends, with all kinds of dangers and criminals, and by revealing the mystery of a lost civilization that just awaits someone reveals all of her secrets? Even if you are not so much a fantasy fan, have you ever wished you could simply experience how to be a kid again, and not have the care in the world, just a few hours? It is exactly what Miiazaki's "Castle in Heaven" is. Pazu, a young, but very brave and ambitious engineer, lives a rustic life in a mining town until one day, a girl named Sheet does not fall from the sky like an angel and takes him to the road to a place far from the clouds, while all the time have pirates and military units on their trail. Simply put, it's just an incredible adventure every boy dreams of at a time or not, and I can not help but feel that my worries are broken every time I see her. Like Miiazaki's older works and takes up a lot of place in the everyday world, the movie is not so visually spectacular or deep in its story as Spirited Avai, Hovl's Moving Castle, or even Princess Mononoke. Still, it's hard to say that any of these films are superior to the other, because all three of these films, at some point or mysterious, are so mysterious, if not confusing, especially for the youngest. To the viewers. The "Castle in Heaven", on the other hand, does not try to be so much allegory of any kind, and this is not a story of age; Instead, it's probably one of the best images of the inner mind of a child I've ever seen. Not only is the work of art beautiful, but the use of the perspective from the eyes of children is incredible; is the moving of the "camera" to see huge trees or clouds above your head, or an incredible sense of height from looking into the ground or the ocean as hundreds of feet in the air, I just can not help but feel like I am there with Paz and Sheet , just a child in another world, far from reality. Even children themselves do not have a complex relationship that indicates a need for hope such as Ashitaka / San or Chihiro / Haku; Sheeta is a guardian angel, who literally fell into his life from the sky one day, an absolutely perfect person for him from the very beginning. As the movie progresses, more and more of their true adventurous childhood goes through their kind words and beautifully realistic facial expressions. Not only are they a wonderful reminder of who I am, but their dear friendship never gives up on the entire film, it only strengthens to the last frame. For this reason, I fell in love with them two more than with any other Miiazaki steam. At the same time, "Castle in the Ski" is such an easily accessible film. Because no matter what kind of casual cinema you can be, you will definitely find your repair here. Mystery, action, drama, comedy, uncertainty, sci-fi, romance, even some Westerner ... it's all here, everything that people go to the movies (except perhaps horror). That's why I can easily recommend it as the first Miiazaki film; is perfect for those who have no expectation that they have already seen the incredible superiority of some of his recent works. Even the final song of the film, when translated into English, conveys a sense of longing for the discovery of some sort of lost civilization, and some kind of related soul, which can not be found in our everyday lives. "The reason why I long for many lights is that you are there in one of them ... The earth turns around, it carries you, it is carried by both of us who will surely meet." Miiazaki always gave poetry songs to finish the songs from Joe Hiasashi's brilliant scorecards, but this is the only one I've ever seen that is a touching love song and an inspiring dream. I found myself close to tears to just listen. The "Castle in the Sky" may not be the most developed, spectacular, or meaningful work of Myiasaki, but it is absolutely perfect for what it really was supposed to be: a true vision of childhood fantasy, and a wonderful escape from reality for all adults who want to have the same wonderful feeling of imagination as when they were just caring little children. Sit down, relax and love what you are.
