It is always difficult to put the seal on any film as "the best", whether it is at all times, a particular genre, or what have you, but I believe we can say that the biggest animated film Laputa. ever made. In my mind it is a masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, Japan's most talented animation director, and best captures him as a director, narrator and designers, as well as with all of his favorite topics. The version I'm reviewing is the American dub 2003 (I know, a patron of hard-core anime fan that it does not look at it in your mother tongue); there is at least another English language, I have it on VHS (I have no idea what source), and this version is the best dub that I've ever met on any movie. But I thought it was better to concentrate on the version people can find. <Br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (who is here expressed James Van Der Beek), growing up in a mining town one day when a young girl Sheet (Anna Paquin) literally falls from the sky. It looks like the pursuing is a malicious government agent, Colonel Mark (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magic crystal that hangs around her neck. In order to keep things alive, there is also a mean funny pirate gang after crystals, led by age, but still noisy Dola (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the ability of crystals to discover the location of the legendary flying city of Laputa, potential treasuries of scientific knowledge and hidden treasures. All this is in accordance with the fabulous surroundings, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far to take the story and the plot is full of "gosh-wow" moments and intertwined with his usual moral and warnings about the abuse of power of nature Design work on Laputa, almost twenty years later, it's still revolutionary. Flying machines of all kinds are abundant, completely impossible, but so carefully designed to immediately accept them without blinking. The world is located around the beginning of the twentieth century, with telegraphs and old engines next to these wonderful impossible flying machines. But it is the city itself that cleans the glow of execution; Laputa is also a garden of heaven and the very fire of heaven, and in this juxtaposition lies his attraction, power and danger. Besides being carefully designed and beautiful film, Laputa is blessed. with a great feeling of cinema. From fast flying videos to fast hooks on small fliers from one man to ships that climb into the clouds, like water, Laputa shows the extent that most films present? even with the magic of CGI? I can only dream. Although we see only a small part of this world, its simple elegance stretches beyond the boundaries of the framework and we have no problems believing in it. The film also contains one of my favorite, if not the most exciting action sequences ever: the robot guard who fell to Earth is accidentally re-activated and destroys the fortress in which he is kept as long as he tries to protect Sheet (who was the one who woke him up) . In the meantime, Paz and pirates fall into their small flying machines to capture, literally, from the jaw of destruction. From a horrible view of a robot that burns the landscape to an exciting last rescue, the entire sequence is a masterpiece of time and angles of the camera and knows exactly how far the public should go. It helps Laputa has incredible result. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the amazing beauty of this world, dewy innocence, exciting action and jezovitost another world flying city and its bizarre robotic guards. Although he recorded it again for this DVD release (which IMO is not an improvement compared to its original score), adding pieces here and there, the result perfectly matches the visions, which is a rare complete community of sound and vision. <br /> <This is not a bad dub. Unusually I care about an older English duck, and this overloads things only in small places, but I was almost shocked at how close they were to those votes (and those who were pretty good to the Japanese). It's especially difficult to get to Dole, but Leachman is the place where the old pirate woman is (her sons are not as good as the original). Paquin works well as a sheet, and Mark Hamill, even though I knew it was early, it is more than talented enough to do Musku (others have liked a little more English muskets, but Hamill is good). Most of the film rests on Pazu's shoulders, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. Listening to him, I thought that this crew had to have access to another English dub, because VDB agrees very well with the original Pazo. Although I'm watching dub again, it's the basis for excommunication among my father's relatives, no matter how much I love this movie, I think you do not sacrifice much simply by looking at this special version of English. John Lassiter from Picard presented him in front, and my suspicion is that he, like many others, simply likes this movie so much that they have made a great deal of effort to ensure high quality. Miiazaki had success. in America in recent years with Spirited Avai and Mononoke (one of his few films that I did not care about), but Laputa is still his crowning achievement. Anyone familiar with his later work will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work, and again, this film is a master at the top of its form that strikes on each cylinder. I would pay big money so I could see this on the big screen; While this will probably never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic has been saved on DVD.
