You probably already heard something about the new Disney dub of Miyazaki's classic movie, Laputi: Castle In The Ski. During the late summer of 1998, Disney published a "Kiki's Delivery Service" on a video that included a review of Laputin Dabs, which says it was to be published in "1999". It is obvious that this year has passed, but the dub is finally over. And it's not "Laput: The Castle in Heaven", only "The Castle in Heaven" for Dub, because Laputa is not such a beautiful word in Spanish (although they use the word Laputa many times in the deep). You've probably heard that the world-famous composer, Joe Hisaishi, who originally made the film, came back to enrich the great music with new arrangements. Laputa came out to my neighbor Totoro and after Nausica from the Valley of the Wind, which started Studio Ghibli and it's a long series of hits. And in my opinion, I think it's one of the best Miyazaki's films with a powerful lesson in this two-hour and four-minute gem. Laputa: The castle in the sky is a movie for all ages and I invite everyone to see it. For those who do not know the story of the Castle in the Ski, it starts at the beginning and does not stop for the next two hours. The narrative is so impeccable and masterfully made to see the true vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, that's fantastic. The film begins with Sheet, a girl who has one past, while the government is in captivity on the airship. Sheeta holds the key from Laputa, a castle in the sky and a long-lost civilization. The key to Laput is the sacred charm she has, which many demand, namely the government, the army and the air pirate group, Dola Gang (whom Sheeta and Pazo later bargain with). Soon, pirates attack the boat and it runs during the raid. It drops a few thousand feet, but the drop is soft and thanks to its pendant. While floating from the sky, Pazu, a boy without a parent who survives working in the mines, sees Sheet and seizes it. The two become fast friends, but thanks to her pendant, the two of them get caught in a huge drive of excitement while the gang of Dol and the government are trying to capture Sheet. One sequence of actions for another, we teach all the motives and identity of the character while building on an emotional and action high that will surely satisfy all this with their fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. Plus a bit distorted surprise. I think this film is simply remarkable and lasts for two hours and four minutes. The story is wonderful, because we are at the height of the animation Haiao Miiazaki, which has no boundaries. The movie setting is a combination of many time periods. It seems to be happening at the end of the 19th century, but it is an alternate universe with advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also a surprisingly funny movie. The film has a bunch of hilarious moments, almost equal dramas and action that the film holds. I think that the funniest part of the combat scene in which Pazu's boss faces piracy, and soon after the outbreak of riots. It's funny to see that people compare their strength and that music fits perfectly. Now we will talk about how dub dub. A great actor gives some great performances to revive these characters. Teenager James Van Der Beek plays the hero of Pazua, who has a much mature voice in the Japanese version, where he originally sounded more childish. Anyway, I think his voice is a nice fit with Pazu. Anna Pakuin, young Oscar winner from The Piano, plays Sheet. This is also a nice performance, but the voice is somewhat uneven, it does not remain faithful to one accent. Sometimes she sounds like an American like an apple pie, but in other cases she sounds like someone from New Zealand. The performance I enjoyed most was Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dol. Not only is this a great performance, but also the voice and emotions that it gives to the person really revives them. If there has ever been a live Laputin movie (G-d forbidden), it would be the one who will play it, you can only imagine it in the role (well, a bit). Luke Skivalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is yet another of the best Hamill performances. Perhaps you are familiar with Hamilton from a long line of voice after filming original Star Wars films, but it makes Muska a complete break. His voice sounds like his regular voice and mix of Joker, who played for many episodes on the animated Batman series. Rounding the actor is actor actor Jim Cummings, who works great, as general and Andy Dick and Mandi Patakin as members of the Dola band. Now let me talk about what really makes this dub special, newly arranged music by Joe Hysaiyi! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi does music and like all Miyazaki's films, music is very memorable. Each of his parties has his own personality that fits perfectly into a certain film. Now, these new arrangements he made are "American more similar", which I think was the goal of the new recordings. Do not worry, the classic melodies of the Japanese version are still in great shape. The result, for me, the sounds that are organized like this is a Hollywood blockbuster. It has more power, it has more emphasis, it is clearer and deeper. Prologue of the film, the first seconds when we met the airships, has some new music (I'm not sure, but I believe that when we first saw ships there was no music at all). However, most music has new backgrounds and more background music. Things look very good. In a strong scene, music is stronger than in the original version. In a quiet scene, it's quieter. All in all, I think that many of you will be satisfied with the new arrangements and mixes, I have done it myself, and I personally think it helps to improve the film. I prefer a new score compared to the old one, and I hope that Disney will release or license music for a full sound field. Another plus side in the deep is that the story remains faithful, and many original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I'm sure that several lines have changed, and that's the same, the lines have changed. But the majority is close or it is the original line and the dialogue Miiazaki wrote. I was afraid some great lines would be slaughtered, but they were untouched. Some new lines are also added to help. But I'm not sure if I think it's a good or bad thing, Disney did not translate the final song, but he was in Japanese. I was horrified when they did completely new songs for Kiki dub, but with this version it's the original song ... in Japanese. I guess it's good that it's still original, but bad because most people who watch this dub speak English. There is a huge side of this dub, and it deals with how the voices agree with the characterful lips. Of course, in every depth it will not be perfect, but I think that in Kikiji and Mononoke the synchronization of lines that coincided much better (and Disney had a little more time with this ...). For a while, everything fits perfectly, sometimes it does not match completely, and in rare cases someone says something and the lips do not move at all (there is a scene in which Sheeta laughs, and her mouth is not About the film about myself, these are my thoughts I thought that the most incredible part of the Lapute animation: from the opening to the end, the animation is so lush and detailed, you just have to look in awe. You see the true nature of each character, the true details on their face with extreme rapprochement and action. the effort that these are It's all done so well and beautifully manually drawn, it's like a moving artwork, and let's think it was done in the mid-1980s. The animation is quite different from Disney, Ghibli has its own distinctive flare that is very different, but very good, and after all these years, the colors look alive as always. "Laputta also has a bunch of action sequences, a lot of airplane combat plus a few on earth, these sequences are so well made and so intriguing, scary to be comparable with a large budget action im film. And the finale is something you need to see. The sound effects are pure and classical and correspond to explosions, shotguns and everything else well. Like all Miiazaki movies, each one focuses on another topic (eg Kiki: Confidence). This has a great lesson about greed and power. People do not understand how greed can overpower you and that too much power is not good. People are obsessed with power and are greedy, and the main villian, Muska, shows this greatly. All in all, Laputa: The Castle In The Ski was a great movie to start and is now improved for the greater part. I am glad that more mainstream audiences now have the opportunity to see this classic animated film in all of its glory. With a brilliant voice that invested heavily in the film with the excellent red-band Joe Hisaishi, Disney did a good job on this dub and is pretty valuable. Although I think that the voices better answered in Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disnei, Castle In The Ski is still an excellent dub and is worth the long delays, because now you can see a fantastic movie now.
