This is one of the best animated family films of all time. Moreover, almost all serious rivals for this title came from the same creative mind of Hiiao Miyazaki and his studio Ghibli. In particular, other major films include "My Neighbor Totoro" and "Kikki's Delivery Service". Spirited Avai is pretty good, but somewhat creepy for a typical family dinner - better for teenagers and adults. The only thing that puts Laputa: The Castle in Heaven, in addition to other Miiazaki movies, is that it's far more than an adventurous drive filled with tension. Why is this movie so good? Because it's a complete package: the animation is very well made, and the story is really appealing and tempting. Most Japanese anime is imaginative, but extremely dark or cynical or violent; and the animation itself is often cramped, stylized and underage. None of these problems cast doubt on the castle in the sky. It has the imagination to burn, and the characters are well drawn, if they are a bit exaggerated version of real people. (None of these knitters were worn by posers) There are many adventures, but not blood and blood. The animation is smooth, detailed and the composition of a cinematographic ally - not many flat images. The background is beautiful. The voice that plays in the English version is the first rate, especially two, Pazo (James Van der Beek) and Sheeta (Anna Pakuin). And sound engineering is excellent. Use your studio sound, if you have it. One aspect that I especially enjoyed is that much of the story is left unexplained. Laputa was once inhabited and is now abandoned. Why? We never know. We know as much as we need to know, and then we just have to accept the rest, which is easy to do, because the fictional world is so fully realized. Indeed, it can be said that the world is more fully realized than most of the smaller characters, which are, in the largest part, one-dimensional characters (for example, a rough general, a stupid assistant, an old miner, etc.) for people aged 6 to 60!
