I saw this film at the London cinema in 1975, and since then I have not seen it. I thought he was ridiculous. I loved his originality. It's rare that someone makes such a movie - and it's also sad. I mean, once I read a book called "The Black Hotel" - and as a film admirer, I'm always "painting" books as movies. "Somehow they" adapt ", you know? But while I read it , I thought, well, this would be a great movie - but of course it should "fit" - to the point where it would have little to do with the book. But then I thought, why? Of course, this could never have been shown on TV on Sunday afternoon, but on condition that cinemas show ADULTS, who knew what it contains, where is HARM? Damn, my civic freedom The director should be able to make a literal film adaptation of the "Black Hotel." In an ideal world, censorship of adult films should not exist. But unfortunately, although I accept that the code intelligent adults, such freedom could be harmless, there would always have been those who lacked rationality to differentiate between fantasy and reality, and which could have been incited to commit an offense. However, it's hard to see how La Bete falls into this category. On his appearance in England, the British censor rejected him. Despite the relaxation of the nudity from '69, Bearing in mind the theoretical theme of film animosity, that the censor passed through any of these, he would be looking for a new job on Monday. OR ... these days, there was an alternative. The G.L.C. This was a local city council with a department that had the power to pass the film only to London, where the audience was thought to be "more co-suited" than those who lived in sticks. The film has been properly delivered and PASSED. However, later it turned out that the "board" consisted of only four people - three who voted plus a "president". And one day, one of the voters was ill. So the other two voters and the chair were sitting to see La Bete. One of the voters thought, like me, that the movie was hilarious and barely likely instigated ANIONE. The other one lacked imagination and simply thought that the piece was disgusting. And the president did not understand this, so he decided to make a mistake on the side of FREEDOM. When the missing voter finally made a video movie, and they thought it was disgusting, but that was SWEET! The film received the "KS-London" certificate and was open to a mixed reaction. The G.L.C. Soon the censorship committee has been disbanded! So La Bete is open only in London by what is best known as FLUKE! But I'm glad it was. That's great! If you have not seen him, do it. It's FANTASY, and as such is much less disturbing than most of the things you see on the news these days ...
