Regardless of what personal opinion about the horrible but beautiful gem Valerian Borovczik "La Bete" from 1975, it must be admitted that this bizarre gem is an absolutely unique film experience. Borovczik's erotic fairy tale has long been banned in several countries, and it is quite obvious why this controversial gem became a victim of terrible film censorship. "La Bette" is a fascinating blend of intense and beautiful fairy-tale atmosphere, quite explicit eroticism and true wonder that bravely refuses to take any compromise. The fact that animosity (a kind of) is one of the central themes of the film certainly did not help with the censors, but it made it very controversial and thus well-known to a wider audience. Pierre de l 'Esperance (Gui Traian), the head of the French aristocratic family, has arranged that his slightly demented son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) marries Luke Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), a young and loving daughter of rich English family. Because of the old curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalio) is strictly against the wedding. When Luci and her mother arrive at the French estate, Luci immediately gets a fascinated portrait of ancestor Romilda of the 18th century (Sirpa Lane) and an old book showing bizarre drawings. The story is about to go down into a bizarre sexual fever-dream ... Without too much fanfare, I can say that lovers of exceptional film should not miss this movie. As bizarre as ever, "La Bette" is undoubtedly and stunningly beautiful in style, environment and cinema. The frostbite and dream atmosphere is present inside and outside the dream sequence. The forest estate and the impressive family villa are magnificent ambiences, and a beautiful estimate and incredible cinema create an incredible atmosphere for this grotesque story. Very explicit sexuality moves from erotic (elegant female nudity, enthusiastic actresses) to serious dementia, and even slightly disgusting (big plans on the genitals of a horse while having sex ...); In both cases this will probably not be forgotten. The entire composition of "La Bette" is fantastic and everyone involved delivers excellent performance in eccentric characters (some of which are seriously demented). The film benefits from an extremely beautiful acting, whether Lisbeth Hummel, the Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who unfortunately died of AIDS in 1999) as an ancestor in the dreams, or a relatively unknown, but especially exciting actress Pascal Rivault, who plays an aristocratic daughter who ever gets into black-colored sex in a locker. I deliberately do not give a complete description of the most important parts of the plot, because they simply must be seen to be believed. Some of the scenes are among the most beleaguered ever-filmed movies, and scenes with an episodic star are definitely among them. Certainly not everybody's tea, but it is highly recommended to fans of a controversial and unusual movie. A true cult jewel!
