Polish director Valerian Borovczik, La Bete (French, 1975, called The Beast) is one of the most controversial and bravest films ever made and very excellent. This film talks about everything that is generally hidden and negated about our nature and our sexual nature, especially with the symbolism and silence of its paintings. Images may look wild, perverse, "sick" or exciting, but they are all related to the latter. Sex, desire and death are very strong and primary things and dominate all the body that has the human soul in itself. They are interested in us and exploit so strongly (and by our very nature) to be terrifying, unacceptable, and something too wild to be true. Sophisticated young woman travels with her mother to the French country to meet her soon become a spouse to whom she is with some sort of letter. Everyone is very exciting and parents and relatives of each other are waiting impatiently to see new people coming to their families. The innocence of a young bride is brilliant and no one knows what can happen and wakes up inside the walls of a great and beautiful French villa, with all his people and animals, and the mysterious "la beta" that turns out to be something that the Characters, or most of the film's viewers, they could not even imagine being real and (in front of them). The film is about the same topic as Canadian Debbie Cronenberg had the function of Shivers (1975). what happens in a huge luxury building where destructive and bloody parasites spread from person to person through sexual contact and forces people to act angrily and violently in a lust for pleasure and fulfillment of instincts. People have instincts that can be even stronger than his will and that's why these instincts can be dangerous and powerful as the instincts of another animal, beast, whether it's lust for blood, vengeance or sex, and body satisfaction. Humans are only animals that have intelligence and means of transmission, but because we are animals, this intelligence is not always used too much, as can be seen anywhere around us. The film opens greatly and is very shocking for most hypocritical attitudes, showing an angry male horse raging in anger while waiting to enter the mare and continue the race, but the anger and the visible lust that we see from his eyes and violent movements are key elements of that beginning and why He's there, not the big plans of organs that can be so easily claimed. A horse is a beast that fights in an almost intolerable heat, in a heat that is much stronger than its will, because it no longer has any control. The power of the instinct makes the animal a beast. After an unforgettable beginning, the characters are introduced, and the movie fantastically has all the necessary age groups in it from small innocent children waiting to grow up and grow into their flourish, adults and elderly who all represent their part of their lives , creating the face of human life on the screen. The film does not necessarily need more characters in this way because they are all more important already present and represent the whole race, including urban and rural residents and both sexes. This villa makes the sexuality of a protagonist girl when it sees horses merging and behaving as though she apparently never thought. For the first time she sees something unique and something that excites and feels almost vital to her and her body, such as getting water when you're very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film because she lived unconscious of these things in her, with her mother and camera and a lively boy, although things just waited a moment to explode. The body wants the body and it belongs to humanism, but these things are still not so easily recognized everywhere, and movies like these try to show that it is forbidden for decades? Man's stupidity and unwillingness to interpret the images must not be an argument for a ban or otherwise violated a film. The last 30 minutes of the movie is as important as the beginning, and once again show how powerful a movie is without unnecessary words and conversations. As a girl and audience understand what her body begins to feel and want, she begins to dream of a mysterious beast that turns out to be nothing else to herself, because we lived in the forest without other people / animals close to him. The dream sequence is the one that provokes and causes most of the controversies along with the whole real and fair attitude of the film, and the pictures are so easily assessed as "perverse" and "pornographic", without the courage to get into them deeper, characteristic reactions and thoughts behind what we see. The pictures are exciting in her dream and ultimately within the dream of a (more) human character, and Borovczik forces us to recognize this with pictures that are so close to the "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman, which is a wonderful thing and an expression of love, the other human need. And numerous, smart black humorous love scenes in the house, between a young mother and a black servant, are interrupted many times as if someone is screaming for a servant, and there is no doubt that the sensual picture of two young people of bodies that together and interrupt with angry scream at least do not become more favorable for interruption. Borovczik managed to paint his pictures so beautifully and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to misunderstand, but nothing seems impossible for our culture and minds that criticize art. Use dialogue only when necessary, otherwise the pictures work and make the movie powerful. Death is also there, as meat sooner or later dies, after years of life and instinct, dies. Completion is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could be as powerful without the dramatic and "discovery" of the ending. Another black, witty element comes when we see shocked urban women running out of the place they saw more than they were looking for! They visited the castle of truth about meat, us and them. The film reminds me of French writer Georges Bataille on Story of the Eye with the same themes of eroticism, death, and how they are both always related to the nature of our body. The book is well written and fantastic, as is this film, and of course both are charged with their "too explicit" content and other equally important shallow comments. Borovczikov's film is also very beautiful visually along with its raw honesty, and the nature and the woods rarely looked so bright and brilliant as in this film. The sun shines through the trees, and to every place where people live, and beauty is always there, but also the ugliness that originates from the inhabitants of the world. Every innocent white sheep has a selfish, evil and terrible beast in our world, and therefore the intelligence we get never fully overcomes the power of our bad instincts and the other side of the sheep present in every human soul. . It's about how much they manage to keep the dark side passive and inactive. Fulfilling some of our instincts is not a bad thing, using this intelligence, and seeing which instincts are good and which can be disastrous without the exploitation, violence, and the deadly and destructive circle he has created. A man is no more than an animal that has intelligence, an intelligence that is so easy to forget and eaten in the background of things that feel better and more satisfying in every, and perhaps a sudden moment. Borovczikov's film is a masterpiece, an unforgettable and clever piece of magic cinema with a timeless theme and an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given by a film maker, who is also just a man.
