OK ... this is strange .... Frankly, I can not tell you all the inner points of the BEAST because I started losing interest when nothing happened during the first 45 or more minutes - but just wait, That's definitely " pick up "... The action includes something about a monster in the forest that some French aristocrats pussy messed up in the day. In the end, you see "ZVER", which looks like a man dressed in a giant bear rats costume with a fastened horse horse. The scene takes place when a woman's aristocrats run through the forest looking for a lost sheep. The sheep ends up dead and the woman is scared. ZVEZDA jumps, raps a hen and shoots over 400 gallons of courage on her. At the end of the chick begins to enjoy the "attention" of the beast that results in some rather new simulated sexual scenes, including the unusual erotic scene of a masturbation of the foot in which a woman thrashes her beasts with her legs while the monster throws out huge loads everywhere (yes, I'm a fetish fetish - ....) ... The whole film was told in flashbacks and long dialy scenes that were a bit tired. "Shocking" but the predictable ending ends up with this extremely strange movie ... ZVER is a movie that I find hard to evaluate. Cinema itself is very attractive and sets, costumes and locations are elaborated. The action is somewhat tangled and it seems to be very serious for what ends up as an unexpectedly hilarious movie about a chicken bone bone. A good piece of sucklings, asses and hairy French shrubs of the 70's to help compensate the boring first half of the movie. I must honestly say that if there were no graphic scenes of the BEAST spackling over the whole willful girl, this film would be real boring - that is, if you do not like boring dialogue and some graphic horse sex (the beginning has a very close and personal scene of two horses, including a pulsating covered female horse vagina ... IUM !!!). But the scene of BEAST sex is so strange and so refreshingly changed from the rest of the film, that I have to say that these scenes themselves compensate what would otherwise be the real snoozer. I have to recommend this to anyone who thinks it's all seen - BEAST rape is really there and something to be seen. It also recommends to all fans of films with 70/80 films - this ranks quite high with them. Worth to look for you sick beastlike lovers (like me) ... 8/10
