If, like me, you like your movies to be unique, and unlike most other movies, then I strongly recommend that you look at The Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic, fantasy fairytale that is located around the mythical "Beast" that is rumored to wander around the French villa and lust for women. The movie is very brave with its subject matter, and that's something it's worthy of. The topic of bestiality is a definite taboo, and for good reason, I would add; or film transmits it; straight and to the point. Like other films dealing with the taboo theme in their center, the Beast could have bypassed it, and made us use our imagination to fill the gaps, but Borovczik did not do it, and he is brave in that regard, especially since leaving the filming of such a film it will be open to all kinds of criticism, but the fact that he did it, in my opinion, means a great guy for a man. The film begins with a sequence in which a male horse elevates a female. This opener puts an exclamation mark on the movie and prepares the audience, in a way, for the incredible, erotic erotic power you will just see. Scenes that see a wife with a woman are free and shocking, and will surely insult many people (hence the reason why it is banned for more than 20 years), but these scenes are not just an excuse for Borovczik to shock spectators; this movie has a certain point. As told during the film; The only difference between man and beast is intelligence. And man and beast have instincts, only a man knows how to control them. The beast explores this distinction between man and beast through sexuality; the fantastic sequence in which the beast appears, embody the control of the human desire, and only when a central female character lets her control, she can see the beast. The film has strong themes about the ancient story of the 'beauty and the beast' that is embedded in it, and all in all it is a shocking morbid story of lust, but not without morality. Many criticize scenes about the shocking sexual sequences of the film because they are boring, but these scenes are important for the story of the movie. Without these scenes, we would not know the characters or the story of the beast, and most importantly; the story of 'beauty and beast' would not be able to speak to its audience about its terrible conclusion, as this is one of the key elements of the film; It would be a real shame. In addition, Borovczik keeps his audience entertained through these scenes, not with shocks, but with dialogue and personality of higher class in the family, along with beautiful recordings of the court country, and thus a sharp contrast between this and Events later in the film would not exist. All in all, the Beast is a shocking film. It's a display of the taboo theme and the shocking way to show it will ensure that this movie is not for everyone. However, if you can overcome the shock of the film and accept the Beast; what awaits is a skillful and beautiful artwork that must not be missed by anyone who is willing to give this film a chance.
