The title is a sound that one of the characters makes while driving its imaginary wheelchair through the garbage dump where the characters live. The film is based on a series of stories by Šugora Iamamoto and speaks of a group of people who effectively live in dormitories on the edge of the landfill. It's a mixture of laughter and sorrow. The first color film Akri Kuras was something I wanted to see for a long time. It is strange that it is often said that it is only available in the shortened version of the original three or four hours due to a malfunction in the time of performance in some promotional material. I stood for the full version, waiting to see what Kuras wants to see, just to find out about the recent release of Criterion that the 140-minute version is full version. Finally sitting to see the movie last night I blended the emotions about the movie. First and foremost, it is visually associated with every film that has followed. You can see all the other Kuras, the remaining six films that are featured in this movie, until the sunshine is painted. His striking film in the use of color and you can understand why it took him so much time to meet with the film (of course, there are unsuccessful projects). The film is a visual artwork (although it is warned that you will see this on a widescreen TV this is 1.33 recorded, so it will appear in a normal TV relationship.) The rest of the movie is a mixed bag. Part of the problem is that the lives of all these people are not uniting. As separate stories, everyone works well, but as a whole, they are no more than one. I do not blame Kuras because he can not always get out of the box, especially when someone like Robert Altman, who specializes in such films, occasionally bombed. This is not No I have to say that there is no reason to watch the movie. Like all Kuras movies, there are always reasons to see his films, whether they work or not. The first trolley trip is one of the best things Kuras ever did and worth the rental price. Her one of the most wonderful moments in film history when the cart was examined and presented. The father and son living in the car are touchy (although in the end they are very sad), and there are other shining parts (such as an actor who is excellent) and should at least try the movie as something different from a man we usually associate with Samurai movies or criminal drama. His intriguing shrouds the masters of the film, which means in this case it means that he is better than most other filmmakers' successes. Between 6 and 7 as a whole, much more in parts.
