Most people, when thinking about the expressionist cinema, are looking into German films of quiet and early sound epochs - films that emphasize curved angles, extreme contrasts of light and darkness, excessive performance and occasional use of surrealism to create a dream atmosphere in order to deviate from traditional, naturalistic ways film representation. If we are ready to accept that the Germans were not the only filmmakers of expressionist cinema (and that the abovementioned characteristics are not preconditions for an expressionist film), then I would say that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is an excellent example of this type of film. Like Dreams, DKD is a little farther away for the Kurosawa movie, dealing, as it does, in unreal. However, DKD, unlike Dreams, is a great movie and probably my favorite Kurosava picture. Why? Basically, I mean, those are the colors. It is, I believe, the first Kurosavin color film, and the man saturated the film with live primary colors, creating a totally unreal modern Japan. We are used to the neon lights and glittering Tokyo Skyscrapers; We are not accustomed to a city that looks like it is painted with crayons. DKD, as I said, is an unusual movie, because many of its characters live in garbage, it seems to live in an alternative universe. That, I mean, is the point - these are outsiders from Tokyo, people who lag behind during the great progress after the Second World War. The film also represents one of Kurosavin's most honest films; there is a true feeling and real pathos (as when a boy's father describes his home of dreams). It's an incredibly moving movie from a man more famous for stunning looks and samurai like John Ford. Everyone should have known that Kurosawa had a film that is touching and challenging (Ikiru suggests the emotional resonance of this film in many ways). I will also discuss, to the last, that this is the greatest achievement of Kurosave. His Samurai films, although capable, are pale in relation to the works of Kobaiashi (Hara-kiri is the largest, most intelligent Samurai film devoted to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Iojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha, and Ran are all good movies, but they are just good (and, frankly, I think this word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a great movie, as well as Ikiru. They are crown jewels that show that Akira was not a trick of a samurai pony. They discover his art and mastery in the cinema.
