If anything Akira Kurosava did wrong in making Dodes'ka-den, it was a partnership that he formed with "four knights" (the other three are Kobaiaski, Ichikava and Konishita). They wanted a big hit hit to launch their partnership, and instead Kurosawa, probably the lead actor of the band, issued an abstract, humanistic artistic film with characters who lived in a decadent slum quarter with many characters who face dark tragedies. Whether he did it on an independent basis or went to another studio that knows, but that's why, among other financial and creative disasters, also contributed to the suicide attempt in 1971. the day when the artist Kurosava did not stop delivering what he was embroiled in by his drama: the power of the human spirit into the face of adversity. If its background is a bit more unusual than most, it should not be ignored, but it is not a mistake at all by Kurosawa. The material in the Dodecanese absorbs, but not in the way that one is usually found in the director, and most of all because he is guided by a figure instead of complicating. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosavin is challenging to intertwine them into a cohesive whole. The character that begins in the picture, strangely enough (though grateful that there is not much room for him), Rokkuchan, a man damaged by a brain that creates a train of the train ('click-click') all day. sometimes she sometimes stops praying for her mother. But then we separated: there are father and son, another serving food restaurants, and the former who goes on and on with the descriptions of his dream home; the elderly man has the appearance of death, and later we find out that he has lost much more than most people say, including a woman who has a past with him; a shy, quiet woman who works in bondage with her adopter (or uncle, I'm not sure), who raped her; and a meek boy in a suit who has a constant face and a big woman - for those in a social setting. There are also small markers of people around these characters, like two drunks who hold stinging every night, like a watch, posing great demands to their spouses, sometimes (unintentionally) changing them! And there's a nice sake bike dealer with a sweet but weird relationship with a shy quiet woman. And of course, there is a group of gossiping ladies squatting around the watering hole in the center of the poor neighborhood, without having anything too nice to say about anyone, unless it's something erotic with some type. The first thing to notice with all this is how Kurosava puts a picture; It's a little post-apocalyptic, not looking at any particular time or place (that's until we see modern cars and streets in several shots). It is a marginalized society, but the worries of these people, however, in a tragic sense, meant they deconstructed through dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosava wants to dismember the broken emotions of people, with one scene especially when a man of deadly looks, who has hollow, sad eyes, sitting in silence as a woven fabric as the woman goes along with it. Sometimes there is a charm, and even some laughter, which will be with these people. I even enjoyed ironic moments with Rokkuchan (especially with Kurosavin's camera as a street painter), or unpleasant silences with a man with teak faces. But while Kurosawa allows his actors to make room for improvisation, the movements of his cameras remain as they have always been patient, but thrilled, with broad compositions and claustrophobic footage, painting visions and faces, sometimes styling a silent drama that meant frightening. In the midst of these, sometimes bizarre and touching stories, some of them (especially father and son in a car) are particularly sad, Kurosava illuminates his film and designs a color scheme, as well as his first in Eastmancolor as one of his paintings. Bushy, spacious, sometimes spreading over seams, but always with some control, this place is not necessarily "easier"; it's as if the abstract came full force in the scene, where things look lively, but they are much darker underneath. It's a brilliant, cunning sword with two blades that allows intonations like a dream with such a heavy drama. With the sweet 'movie' Toru Takemitsuom (also responsible for Ran), and some great. actors' performances, and several indelible scenes in a fantastic career, Dodes'ka-den is in his own way a lesser work than directors, but still close to the perfect under his conditions, which, like in many Kurosavin drama like Ikir and Red Beard, holds the hard truth about human condition without too much sentimentality.
