The freedom to own a boat, excitement for underwater adventures, a daring adventurous man and lovely (and so well-endowed!) Assistants in fine bikini were definitive sales points for "SEA HUNT" (1958-61). Just what was the reason for producing some sort of marine "pistol for rent" * series. Let's take a closer look now. There must be some clues. If we look back a bit, we see the production of RKO Radio Pictures UNDERVATER! (1955). Jane Russell, Gilbert Roland, Richard Egan and Lori Nelson took part in the film as a quartet of very attractive diving adventurers who work on rescue in the Caribbean, including pre-Fidel Cuba. The film was moderately successful and unavoidable for its story, as well as for the look of the headmaster in bathing suits. Fine, nice Female folk in some really excited bathing suits (Voo, Voo, Voo, Voo!) They are always plus for boys; and the presence of rude, athletic men who display their best "baseball" poses "is just as pleasant for Gals. And there is also an element that is the legacy of this old RKO characteristic. It is located on the Soundtrack that is located between music lines and themes. It's a video of "It's Cherri Pink and Apple Blossom Whit", written by Louigui and Jackues LaRue and performed by Damaso Perez Prado and his orchestra. Everyone who hears this Insturmental or Song (with lyrics) will not soon forget it. His Caribbean rhythm is so alive ahan, and the rich use of the Brass section of the Orchestra is Powerful and currently gives you instant impression and memory. A record of 45 RPM of this song has entered the Top 10 Most Popular Songs of the Week for many Saturday evenings on NBC TV "IOR HIT PARADE." We can not remember how many the Sunday was, nor how high it was. (Maybe somebody can fill us in that unit, please!) So we went back to "SEA HUNT" and got their clothes off in "Tube." The public came to UNDERSTAND! OK, but would you go for a TV show. ZIV TV productions have gained a reputation for having extinguished the type of product that was largely not signed by the Network. for multi-channel treatment. But they had great success with the Television Syndication. ** By that we mean, offering a series of stations for displaying on one TV station for each market. (Similar to various newspaper unions, "Sell" Comic books across the country and even the World. So, Mike Nelson himself, in the physical presence of Lloyd Bridges, Mr. Bridges was present for about fifteen years and he turned into some very unforgettable performances in largely supportive and very different roles in several Boston Blackie films (with Chester Morris) to REVEAL KONGA (3 Stooges 1943), SAHARA (also 1943), HOUSE HRABRO (1949) and ZONES IN EATON (1951). <Br /> <br /> Lloyd has brought a very convincing way for his kara he looked like a physical fitness guy, he was very well taken up by diving divers, regardless of the duties on the ship, or the depths below the sea. <br /> <br /> <br /> < > And Lloid is quick to deal with the role, but unlike many misinformations, he was not familiar with SCUBA *** before we land on this Mike Nelson concert. However, Athletic Mr Bridges proved to be a quick learner, as many Shots in close-ups underwater revealed that there is no doubt that this is Lloyd with a mask, a bub flavorings (air tank) and fins for fin. Stories were almost always involved helping a client to pay, just like a private detective would do. So what if the client is a nice lady who looked good in a bathing suit, it's getting better. Like many other TV productions of LIVE / UNITED ARTISTS, "SEA HUNT" had a fine, Continuous opening of the theme and closing, along with some original random music and rows. Once, I believe that "SEA HUNT" was a top-notch trade show, the success that the ZIV series previously knew from the likes of "THEATER SCIENTIFIC FICTIONS" and "HIGHVAI PATROL". As for the location of this underwater saga, here in Chicago, a late evening (after 22:30) is shown on VNBK TV, Channel 5 (our NBC Affiliate, now known as VMAK TV). <br /> <br And I can remember who was the original sponsor in this market. And it was even on commercials on the scene made by the Star! How well we remember and imagine Lloyd as Mike Nelson, riding on his Pover Boat. And while we were invited to return next week and watch "..... another SEA HUNT adventure, sponsored by Mr. Heileman Breving from LaCrosse, Visconsin," the creators of the old beer! "until Mike toasted us, raising a bottle of old style (Shame on you, Mike! You drink beer on your moving ship! We are talking to the Coast Guard!) Then the ship would leave the port, followed by the Sea Hunting theme and rolling the credits. < NOTE: * More figurative than literal, Mike was hired and things took place very similar to Deterctive Story. NOTE: ** ZIV's trade union success "SCIENCE FICTION THEATER", "VEST POINT" (and its clone "MEN OF ANNAPOLIS"), "SEA HUNT" and "HIGHVAI PATROL." NOTE *** And, of course, SCUBA is an acronym for Self Contained Undervater Breathing Apparatus.
