Lavrence Olivier and Merle Oberon together recorded two films within two years. One is considered one of the greatest romantic films of all time and a film that Olivier made a great movie star (and gave Oberon her best role in performing): VUTHERING HEIGHTS. The second is this film, made in England a year earlier. DIVORCE LADI Ks is a romantic comedy (like VUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic lawyer, but he is totally a misogyne. One night check the hotel near the crowds. It was a foggy night (the kind of fog soup that London knew until the infamous "killer" of the fog of the fifties), and the crowd (who attended the party at the hotel) needed beds. The management is trying to force Logan to allow one or two ladies in the company to sleep on the couch and a bed in his rooms, but he refuses. But he did not count on Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. The High Court judge's granddaughter, she manages to enter Logan's rooms and manipulate him not only to agree to sleep there, but to take up his bed (he goes to the couch - much to his discomfort). On the next day, they share breakfast, and on a small conversation, it's obvious that, despite the distrust of women, Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But the cat refuses to give her his name. She is determined to find out more about him, and she finds his attitude toward women who are upsetting him. In the meantime, Logan is approached by a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential client. He doubts that his wife, Ladi Mere (Binnie Barnes), has an affair. In fact, he tells Logan that her flattery was with her lover at a hotel that Logan knows was in the fog of the night. Logan (of course) jumps to the conclusion that Lada Meera was his mysterious roommate that night. I will not go on the plot anymore, except to say that Leslie finally grasps the mistake Logan made, and decides to use it to teach him a lesson about women. The scenario has a feeling. the novel Vodehouse, but is weaker. Nevertheless, the performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (as Oberon's grandfathers) are great. It shows what a good success can do even with the smallest materials. Take a look at some of the smaller scenes to see what I mean: Selden's first scene, complaining about his poor coffee on his butler / servant, who tells him how to do (they got used to each other on the personality for years). Or Olivier deals with a young officer in his office, who is sure that there were two Lada Meres two minutes ago (there were, but Oberon and Barnes went together), and ended up thinking that the poor clerk was a stupid one. Or a waitress in a hotel that can not understand why a resident in Olivia's room is constantly changing from man to woman to man. As I said, a small charming comedy - but it's very charming.
