No, I'm not kidding. If ever, EVER, you have the opportunity to see this movie. If you need to take your hand to see it, you see. That's worth it. Mass Disks Bus is unlike any movie you've ever seen. It takes a trash cinema and raises it to an artwork. Though it contains poor recordings, idiotic characters, bad dialogue, weird acting and cinema that belongs to the public access in Iowa, it actually achieves its goal as a movie. It strives to be the stupid, strangest, most normal film you've ever seen. And the boy ever succeeds. I will make an action for those of you who care about such things (filmmakers obviously are not), but you really do not have to pay too much attention because the whole action of the film is displayed in a very long text that is played before opening. In any case, the FDTB (as its fans call it) is the story of a Chicago-based bus tour led by Satan. You see, Jesus is in the city, and all the passengers on the bus should die, and all their souls would go to hell, except with Jesus in the city, Lackeys in hell recall the business, and it angry Satan for this. , he does not like to look like a fool before the guy, so he decides to get people into the bus to get his souls directly, but he's a devil, so he has to dress up, otherwise, who would go on tour with him properly, so disguises himself in Roger and he enters the bus, where the driver is never mentioned by name, but he is a little fat, so I guess he's fat. The bus (and drivers) are on a collision course with a dash! Examples of some craziness: The title is repeated on the screen 3 times. I do not know why. The character appears on the bus in the middle of the road without explanation or introduction, and occasionally sits next to others, and looks as if she does not belong to her. I do not know why. Two characters fall in love and exchange longing views, which are actually the same images that are repeated over and over again. I do not know why. After the satan gives one long monologue of transformation into a human form, the flash of the title card "Satan will be transformed." I do not know why. One character is a woman who is obviously a man in retreat, and other characters are called "glamorous Bridget". I do not know why. If it was good that the summer was out of my service in Thrombe, I got a copy of the Fatti Drives The Bus.
