The prisoner serving the sentence comes forward to give a cold case to information on the murder of a policeman, which was committed a few years ago. The murder of Sean Cooper, a good cop, has never been solved. Of course, detectives believe that new evidence will help them build up all the pieces of the puzzle that frustrated their colleagues. Sean and Jimmy were partners. There is tension as Sean, who is a godfather, gets discouraged and late for the ceremony. It seems Eileen Bruno is not happy to be there. The real mystery is revealed from her. She caught Sean, who drank with Jimmy in the yard, kissed her husband, and even more shocking, Jimmy responded readily. Sean did not go in to his superiors because he discovered involvement with a criminal in his area that controlled drug business. Sean realizes that this man is in touch with the drug, because he always makes the excuse to free the scum bags that Sean and Jimmy dragged into the station all the time. The pressure is too much on Jimmy. Sean is comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest about it. Cooper's own father does not want to do anything with a strange son. Even his superiors McCree wants to get out of his jurisdiction, but the case is complicated because Cooper comes from a long line of Iraqis serving in the police. Sean was killed for his homosexual condition, and because he knew too much about the participation of his peers in taking dirty money. Love with another fellow cop. We thought it was an honest portrayal of a serious matter that no one spoke about in those days. Sometimes people involved in the show, fearing reprisals from sponsors or networks, do not dare to present these real situations. Jeannot Szvarc, shows a sensitive approach to this problematic issue, which is solved without sensationalism that could be presented to a different team. His taking is precisely targeted with a dose of sentimentality that does not escape control. Shane Johnson gives a great contribution to the show as Sean Cooper. The acting is extraordinary and includes all the good performances of all the performers under the guidance of the g. ball avai. Nick goes into romance with a woman!
