I've watched a lot of episodes of a cold case over the years, beginning with episodes of the first season in 2003 and 2004. And while the majority was good, this episode was not just the best of the best, but it had several rivals in the Emma categories. Although some may disagree with the content of the story (i.e., the romantic link between men and men), I doubt that anyone could look at this without a profound movement in their spirit. The story is essentially about an object that is reopened, based on the testimony of a drug dealer who died. Two central actors were two policemen in the 1960s called Sean Coop (known as the cold-blooded victim named Coop) and his partner Jimmy Bruno. In the story, Coop is single, veteran war veteran, with deeply troubled past. However, Jimmy is married and children are no less. Both are partners in the police and not only represent friendship, but also a secret romantic relationship that must both be hidden from the profound and obviously homophobic culture that prevailed at that time. Scenes of their lives are mostly in black and white, with scarves of paint, and then sprinkled. Examples are their red cars, yellow curtains gently blowing through the window in Jimmy's bedroom, where Jimmy's wife watched Coop and Jimmy drink, fight, and then kiss when they are in an alcoholized state. It's interesting that only selected things are colored in flashback scenes, with everything else in black and white. I still did not understand the color scheme and the reasoning. Clear homophobic tension between fellow patrol cops and two central actors only increases the intensity of the episode. One of the key emotional scenes was when Coop confronted his father after Jimmy's baptism. In this scene, Coop's father, Sarge, who was a prominent colleague at the helm, faces Coop on rumors about Coop's relationship with Jimmy. He can regret the Cup, at this point, because the shame and shame of Coop's father was piled on Coop - "You will not embarrass our family ... and you are not my son." - clearly point to the hostile views of same-sex relations from that time. Additional tension can also be seen in the police room where Coop and another cop go to it after Coop and Jimmy are labeled "Batman and Robin Homos". As for the relationship between Coop and Jimmy, it is obvious that Coop wanted more Jimmy in his life. Once you see tension in Jimmy's face as he has to choose between his dedication to his wife and children, his church, and his immortal loyalty to Coop. Finally, Jimmy leaves Coop, realizing that he can not have both the Cup and his family at the same time. Unfortunately, Coop was killed, perhaps because of his relationship with Jimmy, but Coop could also have been killed for his knowledge of drug money and corruption in the police that has reached a higher level in the police. in the whole episode was when Coop sat while dying from a firearm wound in his driving car, quietly uttered his last words through his police radio to his partner: "Jimmy ... we were lucky. Do not forget that." The selection of the soundtrack was remarkable during the episode. I enjoyed the final scene with actor Chad Everett, playing still jittery Jimmy, so far already much older, and apparently still missing his former partner, Coop. I recommend this episode and I consider it the best. No doubt it's best written, well-played and well-made from all the cold-case episodes I've ever seen.
