Galaki Ekpress 999 (Ginga tetsudo Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by: Rintaro. Based on the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. The little thing I know about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, was first published as a popular manga of the 1970s and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is set in the same space spaceflight as Matsumotin's second-known manga space: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact, Harlot's space pirate and other characters from this manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochiro Oiama) appear in GE999. GE999 was successful as a manga and soon followed a popular anime series that covered over 100 episodes. It was broadcast in 1978. A year later, this anime film came, which is not a sequel, but summarizes the main points of the story in a two-hour movie. The story is set in an unidentified type of Star Wars, where the journey to different planets has become an opportunity. People of the future can have mechanical bodies in which they can live hundreds of years, perhaps even forever. The protagonist, Tetsuro Hoshino, is a boy who testifies that the brutal Count of Mecca, whose entire body is made of mechanical parts, kills Tetsurova's mother. Tetsur swears by the vengeance and he is convinced that this can only be achieved by a mechanical body. To get it, he must travel to a faraway planet with a Galaki Express 999 spacecraft. However, since Tetsuro comes from poverty, he has no money to get an expensive ticket. By incidentally she sees a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who looks like his dead mother. Maetel offers a map for Tetsuro provided he follows it on the road. And so begins the journey. First time I saw this movie last October, about six months from now, and again yesterday. I feel that I have to first say about what has disturbed me most in this film: it seems to have been very hurry. Then again, what can you expect from a 2 hour long film trying to display the main points over 100 episodes of long series? In any case, the situation is changing at a high speed and Tetsuro meets other important characters in the story, mostly by pure coincidence. I feel that manufacturers should have left something or include an additional 30 minutes. However, there is no assertion that GE999 earned its place as an anime classic. The very animation, very faithful to the style of Matsumotine manga, is detailed and beautiful to watch. Even after almost 30 years of publication, the animation did not become "obsolete," but much embarrassment puts many later anime films. Music through the movie is pleasant to listen, even a bit "old" these days (it was still in the 1970s). I did not hear an English dub movie, so I can only comment on a Japanese sound that's good. The voice actors give life to their characters, the most memorable are Masako Nozawa (generally known as the voice of Goku through the entire Dragon Ball), both excited and young Tetsur, and Masako Ikeda as a calm and mysterious Maetel. The accompanying characters are not left in the shadows, they have their own life, the most striking for me is waitress Claire. The story itself is suitable for those who are looking for fun for several hours, as well as for those who are trying to find deeper messages. GE999 is a fun adventure movie, but it can also be seen as Tetsurov's path from childhood to masculinity. The whole film is told from his point of view, so we are forced to feel what he feels. I think that many people can relate to Tetsur, because despite the elements of fantasy, he is a very realistic figure: young, hot, awkward and naive. We follow him as he begins to see the differences between people and machines and comes to the conclusion whether he wants a mechanical body or not. Maetel, on the other hand, remains as a mystery in the film, and even in the end, when it finds out who it is and what it really is, there is not much response to anything. Maetel can be seen as a young man's dream, always close, but out of reach. It's a strange, but nice relationship between Tetsuro and Maetel who still awaits conversation and questions and fascinates after a decade. People claim that their relationship is two friends, a mother and a son, or two possible lover (which is a lot of criticism because Maetel's time is not known and Tetsuro has not yet arrived to puberty). Without any means to sound deep, I think the best term is to describe them "related souls". There is no doubt that two feel devotion, care and love for each other, but it goes beyond those friends, family and lovers. I think that if their relationship was full in any of these categories, it would take away something from the whole film and characters. The final scene, even if you already know what will happen, is still very touching and unforgettable. All in all, despite the hustle of complications and some of the scattered scenes, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 holds its place as an anime classic among films such as AKIRA (1988) Katsuhiro Otomo and GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995) Mamoru Oshii . The film was directed by Rintaro, who previously had experience with the works of Leija Matsumoto, while working in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later, Rinatro directed a breathtaking view of METROPOLIS (2001), which also called into question the difference between people and machines. GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that should be seen at least once by every fan fan anime.
