Those memories of childhood ... when things were new, and we were filled with curiosity around the world around us; as we made the first first steps in a long journey we call life. One of the initial memories I've had since childhood is this animated program "Galaki Ekpress 999", about a young man named Tetsuro, rides a train around the galaxy, hoping to get a mechanical body to revenge a meaningless the death of her mother in the hands of cold-blooded, trophy hunters. Accompanied by Tetsura on his way is Maetel, a woman of exceptional golden beauty that reminds him of her mother who had lost her so many years ... In the early 80's, like a boy who went to kindergarten and wound Years of elementary school in Seoul, South Korea, "Galaki Express 999" was a phenomenally popular animated program imported from Japan, inspired by young men who agreed to dream of countless adventures in their often burning and exciting journey through life. Recollection of tuning in this animated program on weekdays from 8am to 9pm before bedtime ... These were some wonderful memories that are never again ... <br /> <br /> While I moved to America, and while I've been here for more than two decades, I sometimes wondered about that time and place, in the country thousands of miles away from America's huge ocean, this childhood program, with his hit. and a boy named Tetsuro, his protective companion Maetel, the mysterious train driver and the Galaki Express 999 spacecraft. Many, many years have passed ... Last summer, while I was in Korea, I was able to find a copy of the original "Galaki Express 999" (1979) on DVD, and brought many nostalgic, sincere memories. "Galaki Express 999" remains enchanting as the first time you discovered it many years ago, opening up nostalgic memories of new discoveries, an important step for young boys who joined in and embarking on a life journey into masculinity. /> Here's the wonderful memories. "Good-bie, Maetel. Good-bie, Galaki Ekpress 999 ... <br /> <br /> Goodbye, in my childhood." 10/10
