I ran over this a few years ago while the canal surfed on Sunday afternoon. Although it was obviously a TV film from the 70's, the direction and the result were well-made to draw attention to me, and I was really hooked and I had to watch it all the way. I recently got an opportunity to buy a foreign DVD from this movie (oops, I did not notice that the home finally came out a few months earlier), and I was very pleased to see it again (and completely). I do not understand in Totally this phenomenon, but somehow it seems that in the 70's they have a lock on horror films that are really terrifying. Decades before the 1970s some beautifully filmed movies and most of our lasting icons of horror were created, but are they really scary? No, not really. Likewise, in the 1970s, we received horror movies that are colder, more exciting, have much better production value, and sophisticated special effects, more fun, fun, effective "jumps" moments, and some very creative uses, but again. .. are not really scary! There is just something about the horror atmosphere of the 70's. The quality of grain film. Spooky dark scenes without illumination of huge high-tech lighting platforms. The "Country of Dreams" has dampened the quality of the dialogue and the strange and harsh results of the EC. Strange feeling of discomfort and ugliness that permeates everything. Everything that works on undermining most of the films of the seventies, in the case of horror, works for his benefit. In particular, in this film, the silent, intense images of the devilish dog watching people down is just unnerving. So much more effective than walking in the more obvious way that the dog is rearing, suppression, and openly hostile ("Cujo"?). Film makers wisely prepare it when a dog appears in a full supernatural form. Effects, when this happens, although they are ungrateful to today's standards, literally gave me winters. Bizarre, unclearly defined, "I'm not quite sure what I'm looking at" seems to be intuitively more appealing to be a true supernatural vision, not a hyper-realistic, crystal-clear optical printer / digital composer of the Horror Filmmaking in recent days. While the human characters in this movie are not satisfactorily shown as their enemy or the world in which they live, actors all do a decent job. Pairing a brother and sister from "Vitch Mountain" movies like, yes, brother and sister, is pretty sore, but they work well. Ivette Mimieuk always makes it fun if it is not spectacular. Richard Krenna earns more and more empathy from the audience how the film is progressing. His suspicion of self-esteem asks whether the alienation of his family is truly the result of a supernatural complication, or just succumbed to paranoid schizophrenia, is well-worn, although his thought is that getting a routine physical explanation for what he perceives is absurd in his naivety. The movie that ends with The-End-Kuestion-Mark's film is one of the only ones I've seen that does not feel like a cheap trick, and actually made me think about the choices that these characters would have before the next and what they would probably do and how they would feel about it. Critics of this film can say that it's just a feature car for someone. Great shots of the retina, but hey, they might say the same thing about the "Blade Runner". :-)
