This 1953 film, Sam Fuller, contains some of his best works, and sadly he could not continue with the support of major Hollywood studies to do his things. The story goes something like this. A hard, wide (prostitute) ride underground on a hot summer day, and Skip McCoi takes her purse. What Skip (and the lady) does not realize is that it also carries some microfilm that will be passed on to communist spies. This introductory footage without a dialogue, and mostly in tight bulk plans, is beautiful, one of many that Fuller uses during the film. Playing a baby known as Candi is Jean Peters, who was never better or better looking. She is forgotten how beautiful she is, and she is very well dealt with this role. Pickpocket is played by Richard Vidmark, who has already made his mark, and set his style with Kiss Of Death in 1947 as a crazy creep with a ghastly laugh, and although it's a bit "softer" here, it's still terrifying. These stubborn characters have soft spots here and there, but his noir and nasty road. The exceptional performance belongs to the beautiful Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe who saves money and pays for his own funeral. Ritter received a deserved Oscar nomination for his performance, but lost himself to Donne Reed's boring, popular performance as B Girl (read prostitution) in the film "From Here to Eternity". Hollywood loves him when a good girl goes bad and likes the Oscars, although their performance is usually horrible. See, for example, Shirlei Jones in "Elmer Gantry." Place among the docks and dives in Nev Iork, with a sharp black and white photo of the great Joe MacDonald, and some very good artistic directors. A particularly good set is the New York City Underground railways and Vidmark's cottages by the river. Made at the height of a cold war and reddening, the villian piece is a common coma played by Richard Kilei, who is much more dangerous than a criminal who is a criminal, but only trying to earn a living and above all he is devoted American.
