Samuel Fuller brings his usual playful and stylish direction to this passionate story and manages to create one of the undiscovered gems from the 1950s movie theater. during many films), who takes away a young woman's wallet (Jean Peters) on the New York subway, and with it a piece of the desired microfilm. This is 1953, so the microfilm, of course, is the property of communist spies that will stop nothing to return it. When a girl appears on Vidmark's shore on the shore, sent by a violent boy to recover the movie, Vidmark feels the possibility of shaking her and her "friends" for big money. The plot thickens, people begin to die, and Vidmark and Peters fall in love. Fuller is clumsily engaged in a love story, but more than a sense of indifference than bad writing or direction. It was as if he had included a love story under compulsion, and thus made it deliberately incredible, as love stories were so often and still in Hollywood movies. Peters gives remarkable performance as a fierce Nev Iavk cookie, part of the gangster moll and a part of the damsel in trouble. When violence takes place against her, we really care about her well-being, and it is typical that Fuller's apostate, who is ahead of her time, that the happy end is not necessarily predetermined. But the ultimate success of "Pickup on the South Street" rests on the worldly tired shoulders of Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe, a lively lady who earns money in any way, either selling ties or as a police informer. Ritter delivers the results of his career; in a breath-taking monologue, she conveys, without any direct addressing, the whole sad way of life of her character and hopelessness who feels every morning to fight the world of struggle, crime and hardship. It's as if each character, Ritter, ever plays convergent in a short moment to give vent to all the emotions that did not get the chance to get dressed in those other films. The scene is the culmination of Fuller's film and the peak of the fifty-year-old cinema. Rating: A +
