This film is a spicy little piece of the film directed by Sam Fuller and gives Richard Vidmark an opportunity to show some of his best, most challenging acting in the role of Skip McCoy, a small thief who stumbles on military secrets while choosing a beautiful pocket Candi (Jean Peters ) on a busy bus. It turns out that Candi did a favor for her (former) boyfriend, who works for "communists". At first glance, there is a mystery about Candie's motives, and Skip consumes most of the film by determining the motives ??. In fact, it seems that initially it just assumes that she is a "coma," going so far as to spill her beer in a stinging gesture. But the real question is? What happens to Skip? What are his motives and why Candi loves him so much? Why do we (the audience) want to love him so much? Basically, what the filmmakers did was create a very striking "male fatale" in Vidmark's character and his performance. Just as the male audience tends to think about the length of a movie such as the "Big Dream" or "Glass Key", together with the main characters, regardless of whether the female character is a reliable or just a nice person, filmmakers have created a similar problem for spectators here . Vidmark is convenient, and there is a charm in his boyish carelessness? but the first two times when he met our leading lady, he was a robber and hit her in the face. Finally, the question becomes? that Skip would sink so low that he would sell his country for the dollar (his comments to the police, like "waving a flag with me?" make us suspicious that he will) or simply abandon his revenge for murder his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure that the film gives us the ultimate answer anyway. The character of Thelme Ritter deserves special attention? it has created a truly indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give her a lot of work? in the form of physical objects that it uses to attract the audience to its world, especially its used links. Another example of Fuller's "business" would be a scene with Victor Perry (an actor I used to use elsewhere to reduce the effect) using sticks to scare Candi. The emphasis on Mo's relationship with Skip is one of the most prominent topics of honor among thieves. In fact, Skip has the same kind of ease and the same kind of occasional relationship with the police, with the notable exception of Captain Tigran (Murvin Vie) who is angry at him. I loved the scene in which he called the police by name and offered them a beer when they came for him in his hut. These are the details that make this movie feel right? whether or not it is really "realistic" or whether it is essentially a completely separate issue. All in all, I would say that this is an essential crime film showing many of the best and most persistent attitudes of the movie theater film film. The predictable plan is set by a multitude of colorful characters (uniformly well-executed), cheap sets are disguised by the irresistible pace of the film, and the final product is much more significant than it is likely to be. This is the best movie I've ever seen from Sam Fuller and helps me to better see why he is considered the main director? here he has accomplished some of the things I think he tried, but in the end he failed in other films such as The Crimson Kimono and Shock Corridor, with regard to very prominent action styles and really appealing uncertainties. This is one of my favorite shows from Vidmark I've seen so far? and Vidmark was a talent that I am tempted to say (based on several unusual films I've seen with him), was comparable to that of Alan Ladda or Humphrey Bogart, although he may not have made so many classic films.
