'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first film by Samuel Fuller, and there I was impressed by the director's perceptive merging of B-film and great budget aesthetics, even if the story itself was pure. 'Pickup on South Street (1953)' was published a decade earlier in Fuller's career, apparently produced on a larger budget from a large studio, Tventieth Centuri-Fok. Nevertheless, the characters are still noticed by the fact that it is somewhat raw, a natural element of photography, unlike Dasin's "Night and the City (1950)" and Kazan's "Panic on the streets (1950)", the last one was shot by Joe McDonald's cameraman. In some scenes, Fuller pushes the camera so close to the face of its actors that they are out of focus, openly registering intimate thoughts, emotions, and short infections that are transmitted through what is most revealing facial features. Although (unexpectedly) tilted melodramas and only a hint of anti-communist propaganda, 'Pickup on South Street' is a strong film noir that succeeds most successfully in evoking placement? the underworld of New York. When pocket jokes Skip McCoi (Richard Vidmark) pushes the woman's purse in the subway (Jean Peters), he pockets more than he originally requested. The wife, Candi and her cowardly former boyfriend Joei (Richard Kilei) smuggled secret information to the Communists, and McKoye unexpectedly found an important micro-movie. Will he direct MacGuffin to the appropriate authorities, or will he sell it to the one who offers most? If the 'Pickup on South Street' has a disadvantage, it is that the story is designed to exclusively promote an anti-Communist agenda, refraining from propaganda like anything from World War II (the Dvight Tailor, who delivered the story, also wrote 'The Thin Man Goes Home (1944), 'the only propaganda film of the series'. For no apparent reason, every recognizable character? Even the self-satisfied, self-satisfied Skip McCoi eventually becomes a self-sacrificing patriot, a transformation predictable from the very beginning. and the criminal always gets his money, a rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when they served their country; Patriotism clears the plate clean. Richard Vidmark, the actor who really starts to love, plays an inflatable pocket with calmness , although always with this hint of bad love that suggests he likes it more than he can chew. The introductory scene in the train is the best in the film, as McCoi breathless and quietly hunts in his victim's bag, remembering Bresson's Pickpocket ( 1959) '. Thelma Ritter is great as a tired street woman who will sell information to anyone who is willing to pay for it (though, of course, draws a line on Commies). Jane Peters is well thrown like a grass lady who transfers information to the other side, playing the role of almost completely deprived of glamor; Fuller allegedly acted on the basis of the fact that she had a prostitute with a light leg. Still, Peters must endure a fictional love affair with Vidmark, which really destroys films of realism. Fascinatingly, after publication, Pickup on South Street was immediately condemned as a communist propaganda by the FBI and the Communist Party condemned him for being the opposite. Imagine.
