This epic Cecil B. DeMille about the old West contains what might have been the most beautiful performance by Jean Arthur, as hysterical, eccentric, incurably amoral, but devoted to Calamiti Jane. It really pulled him! Garry Cooper is in his worst case, but he manages some occasional nonsense words: 'The plains are large, but the trails cross ... sometimes.' The story is pasty that all the herbs end up. All cowboy heroes of Western tradition are somehow there, except Jesse James. Even Abraham Lincoln opens the story personally (or at least DeMille wants to convince us). There is no place for something as unmistakable as subtlety, this is' stomp 'em in the face' of the mass story. The important thing in this film, however, is that it was a very early complete frontal attack on what Eisenhover eventually called a "military industrial complex". It's not just a story about runners, it's about arming someone for money, and that from the heart of Washington. But, let's not enter politics, let's leave it to DeMille, which can be guaranteed to be superficial. The main interest of this film all this year later was to use the first film film composed by George Antheil, who has much to say about the work in his autobiography 'Bad Boi of Music'. Antheil seems to have created a 'great sound' that was adopted by all the later Western ones, with the plains singing with the voices and sounds of countless cowboys in the sky, celebrating open spaces and interweaving common melodies. That's why it does not sound unusual, because we heard it a thousand times. But it seems to have been the first to collect the combined sutures of the entire four sage into this open-air symphony that entered the American mythical surrender, and gave it an acoustic background that had never changed since then, looped as it may be, but undoubtedly corresponding. It's fun to see Anthony Quinn at an early date like Cheienne Indian. Gabbi Haies is out there, but you miss it in the crowd. Garry Cooper surpasses them all, the big one gets over, - but when he was ever small?
