Great Fuller PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is a selection of several early 50s of cold-war nuclear vehicles. With a driving distance of less than 80 minutes, PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is hard, big, explosive and endlessly fun. Vidmark is a star like Pocket Skip McCoi, which has already been picked up three times. However, McCoi can not keep his wandering fingers from troubles - the problem is exactly what he gets when he grabs the wallet of the gangster moll Candi (Jean Peters). Candi's wallet contains a microfilm roll that is invaluable to the Communist movement, and it's the last job for former boyfriend Richard Ciley to deliver. However, when Vidmark lifted it, Peters must do all it takes to re-search for a movie about which she (at first) knows nothing. It's a tasty setting, with Vidmark's character, not a psychopath. KISS OF DEATH, a real live wire, unpredictable and tough, but unusually charming. When Bogart or Mitchum entered the role of noir, you knew what you would get: a lonely anti-hero maintaining your moral integrity and winning at the end (Bogart), or an overly laconic type that allows yourself to be trapped (Mitchum). With Vidmark you simply do not know what you will get, and with his incredibly modern style of acting (his films are always well-kept) he is incredible for watching. Here he is torn between making a big estimate for himself by selling the film, or handing it over to the police and fought against the "communist" on the right side of the law. And he still has to pretend that he never took Peters to escape the fatal fourth rap on his list. Peters gets the best role as Candy Candy. Vidmar's unpredictability is perhaps best expressed in his scenes with Peters; the sumptuous rogue quickly (and quite incredible - the romantic angle is quite hurrying) falls under Vidmark's spell, but Vidmark changes between kissing or slapping. Peter's sharp beauty, but the lack of overwhelmed Hollywood glamor (Lana Turner would never do well in this role), the main advantage of the film. Candi is not innocent, but still very vulnerable, she is constantly passing between men. Vidmark cools her at the first meeting and wakes her by pouring beer over her face, yet with the last act he is much more gentle towards her (after the police discouraged his departure from Kileia). The scenes at the hospital with Peters and Vidmark should not work, but they do. Thelma Ritter is brilliant as Stoolie Moe, credited for her Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like everything else in the film, is persistent, real and frankly honest. Her death scene is stunning. Of particular interest are Fuller's movements and location settings. Fuller liked a good close-up, and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is packed with uncomfortable, striking narrow shots that only increase the tension of the action. Fuller is not afraid to leave the camera to be held on footage longer than the standard old Hollivood that is really allowed, but incredibly away from Ritter's death scene, giving the audience maximum impact. Urban locations and unusual, contrasting camera angles give PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET, a bold, uncompromisingly modern look. 10/10.
