Samuel Fuller is hardly one of the great American directors. I'm not sure he qualifies as one of the great Hollywood masters. But he certainly is there with the best Hollywood real professionals who were willing to march to their music. During the time he worked for Hollywood studies, he knew how to take on the task, form the middle material that was handed to him, and then quickly and efficiently transformed him into something that is usually better than his parts ... in time and in budget. The truck on South Street is the case. On the surface there is another anti-comedy film of the Hollywood early 50's, along with calls for patriotism, stubborn hero, and a slim (and plentifully sweaty) bad guy. Fuller turns this Hollywood cliche bag into a tense, exciting drama with countless crafts. The hero, Skip McCoi, is a triple loser, a small thief with soft fingers that does not change his tracks to the very end. The girl in the robber, Candi, has a level of virtue that could easily get over if you're so inclined. One of the most attractive characters, Moe Villiams, is a stoolie. And in an unusual approach to the Hollywood fight against Commies, the appeal of patriotism is falling in the ears; the hero is not motivated by something so refreshing. He just wants revenge for personal reasons, and he'll end up ... at least for now ... a good guy. In addition, all actors are mostly assigned to Fuller by the studio. He had to do it. Richard Vidmark has had his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a fine portrait of a woman who is sexy and stupid, and she's not better than her friends ... or her clients ... she wants to be. And Richard Kilei, who later became the twin Toni award-winning star on Broadway, is convincingly slippery and cowardly. It's hard to remember that he was an actor who imposed on us, I think he introduced us, "Impossible Dream" of Man from La Mancha, More than anything else, this story of pocket choosing a purse in a car underground railways, and is encountered with microfilmed secrets instead of cash, carried out by the Feds and Communists, it moves with a very large economy. The whole thing, with a classic noir look, takes only 80 minutes. The dialogue, with Fuller as a scriptwriter, has this fun, partly sharp style of a hard hook. "That muffin you attacked ... it's fine," says one character to skip about Candi. Fuller moves us quickly from scene to scene to keep us on what's next. Then Fuller casts the character of Moe Villiams. Suddenly, the story spread to a completely new level of interest, partial comedy and partial inevitability. What I like the most in the movie is that the opening illustrates Fuller's talents and strengths. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting immediately after the points, Fuller is able to immediately turn on the movie, to determine what it is about and to show us the characters - Skip and Candi - we will be involved. And he does it with so much crap of curiosity in that hot, packed underground vehicle that we can only feel that Fuller sets the hook to catch us. Glenn Erickson, in my opinion, one of the best film critics, says: "In what should be an inconsistent story, Sam Fuller defines his peculiar view of Americanism from the bottom up: a stiff, aggressive personal interest that fully expresses recognizes what is not in and what is right, and not afraid to fight for him. He is right, and it makes the film still alive after 55 years.
