"Pickup On South Street" is a drama about the high speed of a small criminal who suddenly finds himself in the role of a communist group. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style, and the momentum is maintained with the help of some brilliant assembly. Using a wide variety of camera angles and effective close-ups also contribute to the overall impression of constant movement and vitality. Samuel Fuller, director and cinematographer Joseph MacDonald, is great and has many scenes that create a strong sense of mood and atmosphere with their compositions and lighting. Ace's pockets and repeat offenders Vidmark enters deep water when they steal a wallet from a young woman named Candi (Jean Peters) at the Metro station in New York. Used by her former boyfriend Joei (Richard Kilei) to deliver one of her contacts in a communist organization and unknown to her, she was carrying the secrets of the American government filmed on a microfilm. Two FBI agents followed Candi and witnessed theft. One of the agents continues to follow her back to Joey's apartment, and the other, Zara (Villis Bouchei), visits the captain of the Dan Tigers Police (Murvin Vie). Zara explains that the FBI is following Candi for several months as part of their search for the leader of the communist group. In order to identify the pockets, Tigar calls in the "stoolie" named Moe (Thelma Ritter) who, after a precise description of the "cannon" mode, compiled a list of eight possible suspects. Once the Tiger sees Skip's name on the list, he is instantly convinced that he is the man to find and send two detectives to arrest him. When Skip is brought to the Tigers' offices, Zara tells him about the microfilm and Tiger offers to drop all charges if he cooperates with the investigation. Skip is frivolous and arrogant. He obviously does not trust Tiger and denies all the knowledge of theft in the subway. Joei ordered Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then returned it. Candy pays Moe for Skip's address, and when Skip returns to be questioned by Tiger, he finds Candy in his home and pollutes it before she steals her money. When recovered, Skip is seeking a $ 25,000 payment for a microfilm. He talks to Joey about Skip's request, and Joey's boss gives him a pistol and orders him to recover the microfilm the next evening. Skip and Candi are attracted to each other because of their uncomfortable, evolving relationship to develop an agent that can shake the attention of the police. However, it soon becomes apparent that resolving issues with the communist gang will be achieved only by direct action. Showing Skip, Candi and Moe as characters living in a scarce world in which they are forced to face significant risks every day, are powerful and convincing. Moe's work as a police informant depends on her knowledge of people in her community, but they also know what she is doing and any of them could at any time seek their vengeance. It seems to be crafty and streetlike, but it also has its vulnerable side as it describes itself as an "old clock that descends" and saves money to have a decent burial at an exclusive cemetery in Long Island. Her belief that "every male has its meaning" is to sell any information regardless of danger, friendship or principles, and yet there is one chance in which she refuses and it turns out to be fatal. Performance Thelme Ritter certainly earned an Oscar nomination for her role. Skip is a violent criminal without worrying about his victims and has already been convicted three times in the past, lives under constant threat if he is again sentenced to life imprisonment. Despite this, he continues his criminal activities and is unusual only philosophically when Moe issues his place of residence, and then later, he even ensures that Moe gets a type of funerals he so highly valued. Candi is a former whore and someone whose activities are constantly threatened, but behind her hardened exterior gradually becomes increasingly visible warmer side. Vidmark and Peters are perfect for their roles and as Ritter shows various aspects of their personality with great style and conviction.
