This film presents the legendary Vild Bill Hickock. He, Buffalo Bill Codi and Calamiti Jane are central characters. While the Civil War is closing, Lincoln mentions his concern that the dynamism of the country will increase if people follow the advice, "Go West, a young man," who, mercifully, did not mistake the film to Horace Greeley, such as a number of others did it. But then, he kills himself, and some financiers speculate that they can enrich the sale of weapons to American Indians. In the meantime, we see Wild Bill Hikoka, who is interacting with a little boy, and the Steamboat is boarding the docks along Mississippi. Wild Bill uses the Bovie knife, which ultimately gives the boy, calling it "Arkansas Toothpick," which in reality was a different type of knife, although both were used across the border. Hickock finally meets Buffalo Bill Codie, which looks close to photos and pictures of a real man. Cody just married and brought his bride to the Old West to calm down. When they arrive at their destination, they encounter Calamiti Jane, who is in love with Hickock. She looked at Cody's wife and asked Buffalo Bill: "Is this your mops?" The line was the one that caused the Haies Board problem, because one definition of "mops" was a prostitute. Demille wanted to get in line, and one of his assistants pointed out that in the books of Beatrix Potter about Petar Rabbit three rabbit Flops, Mops and Cottontail are in the books. He pointed out this and asked the censors to identify the "rabbit of sick virtues". It was successful; The line is left. Indians have become restless, partly because of the superior weaponry they received from an agent of eastern financiers. Cody and Hickock were asked to assist in the reconnaissance of the area, so that soldiers could safely cross into an area surrounded. Codi led the troops; Hickock went to check the activities of an Indian boss, who was an old acquaintance, and who led some of the hostile Indians. Calamity Jane is caught, and Hickock is caught trying to save her. They brought them to the boss, and although none of them would speak, the torture applied to Hickock breaks the will of Calamity Jane, and she says the way Cody uses. Two are released, and Hickock joins the Codie. and his strength, partly to warn them to enter the trap. With Hickock's help, they retain an Indian attack. Hickock decides to go for runners, and finally arrest them. While waiting for power, Hickock was killed by hitting him in the back while playing cards. In the film there are numerous historical anomalies, but it retains the legendary taste. Pretty good for the thirties.
