In this excellent Fok film-noir of the twentieth century, the metropolis is a maze of despair in which collectors and predators live through one another. City landscapes are lower than poor humanity in gloomy expressionist symbolism. The prostitute took the purse on the metro. It contains a microfilm, and the communist spy ring will return to any length. Two parallel investigations take place while spies and cops find valuable information. Anti-Hero Pocket Skip McCoi plays with the contemptuous belief of Richard Vidmarka. He knows his cops are morally equal and intellectual inferior, so they are angry: "Come on," he tells Captain Dan Tiger (Murvin Vie), "pack up weapons. Throw me in." In this ruthless world, the cops only another gang on the streets. Just as Candy whore bribes Lightning Louie to get a clue, so the police are busy paying pigeons for information. It's hard to believe that Vidmark was already in the early Middle Ages when Vidmark made this movie. . The 39-year-old star, who came to the end of his contract with Fox, plays Skip McCoi jumping over the dishonest tease of a teenager. Today, it may not be acceptable for the romantic head to strike his interest unconsciously, and then he is alive by sipping beer into her face, but at the time of that period she marked toughness - and Candi fell in the end. / / Jean Peters is sparkling like Candi. Here, in the middle of her five-year-old b-fame, she is beautiful and engaged as a whore with a golden heart. She is the victim of the story, the martyr of her beauty as much as anything else. She thinks well, but she is constantly manipulated by cynical men - Joei, Skip and cops. The real star of this movie is New York. Interesting urban panoramas and metro sniper stations offer a claustrophobic evocation of the city as a living, malicious force. As larvae in the rotten cheese, human figures pass through city passages. Elevators, underground swivels, sidewalks - even a stupid waiter acting as conductors for the flow of corrupt humanity. People keep every niche that provides security: Moe has his dirty rented room, Skip your dark cabin to Hudson River. As the characters move and interact, they are framed by the architecture of the bridge, or the gratings of the carriers, or are divided by the hanging of the winch. The personality of the city is constantly imposed. The corners and transverse beams of the docks are echoing the street grid plan, and the cabinets for the files in the department imitate the Manhattan horizon. When Joey's exit from the subway is banned, it's as if the steel wire of the city is trampling on it. The amazing proportion of this film is shot in an extreme close-up. The character drives the plot as it should, and the big plans are used to magnify the character. When Skip exams Candi, a close plan records sexual energy between them, emphasizing the hostility of Skip's words. The beauty of Jean Peter's is colored in light, in extraordinary close-ups. The device is also used to increase voltage. The order of opening, the bag for capturing, does not contain a dialogue: the drama rely entirely on the big plan because of its powerful effect. Snoopers and snoopers on sniffers populate the film. Mo (Thelma Ritter) earns her life as a souvenir, and her place in the hierarchy is accepted, even by her victims. When Skip notices, "she has to eat," singing a repeating chorus. Just as the "real" New Yorkers sell lamb pieces or timber raw materials, underground slaves deal with the edge of information. Still, even pigeon chairs are superior to Joey and his communist friends. Joe's feet on Moe's bed symbolize the transgression of the most basic moral rules. Joey is out of the pale. She will not trade with Joey, not even to save her life: "... even in our dark business, you have to draw a line somewhere." "Pick-up" is made in the depths of the cold war. Richard Nikon was just elected Republican Vice President after receiving his name with his false exposure to Algeria Hissu - a fake communist microfilm. McCarthy trials were everyday reality. We see police in a movie that oppose "traitors who gave Stalin A-bomb". New York can be seen as a huge container in which human insidiousness cheats, screams and kills. Containers make a leitmotif during the film. Mo wears his own branded box, and a sweets bag, a microfilm container, is a motorcycle plot. Skip keeps his only thing in a sunken casket, symbolizing his secret street wisdom. The coffins of the poor, moving down the Hudson on the barge, are the containers of just another burden that is shifting around the ruthless metropolis. Film is a masterpiece of composition. The claw is shown above the leapfrog skip on the hazy passage of the hut, which marks its moral rise. When a gun is put on the table, an extreme perspective makes it bigger than Candi - violence begins to patulate. The lovers are shaded by the shadow of the hook, reminding us that their love is neither pure nor absolute, but dependent on the whims of the evil city. Komunista Eniard is a shadow on the wall or a fading smoke of cigarette smoke. He's like a lonely street cat among the garbage - a ravenous nightmare guy. Capture of hooded cameras, inside the newspaper kiosk and through the graticule beds of the hospital beds, we are constantly intensifying our awareness that we are all trapped in a metropolis. We are a mulch of civilization.
