Pickup On South Street is one of the brightest movies ever recorded. Example of direction: When Candi (Jean Peters) starts to walk through the bag and notices that she is missing a wallet, an alarm is triggered in the building where the alarm is located, as if the alarm is activated in the head. It's not like a cartoon - it's subtly wrapped in the background in a way that hits you on the subconscious level until you look at the movie several times and it just "clicks" to activate the alarm bell when it starts wildly Passing through her bag. Richard Vidmark is at the top of his game as smart-alec - he's really great - but the top performance of the movie was the first scene for "Moe", a street vendor / informer, played by Thelma Ritter. Later, in her apartment, you do not see a movie - you see the right person. I never saw someone "playing" so real that I felt like I was looking into the right room until Ritter's performance - all the way to the way her hair dropped off when she took off her hat. About a million other things they just did, * the way Manga Louie picked up money with her wanders in the way Candi jewelry clicks when she moves Mo's hand out of her brooch, to the way Moe gets the dollars and changes the police captain over her chest The FBI - and even the way the captain opens his paper cabinet, as if he had been doing so in that room for many years. "Pickup On South Street" is a detailed move with direct performances (acting) and top nostalgic pictures of days, such as a panel truck, boards leading to a hut on the water, a dumbvaiter, and an unforgettable place that Skip rides with his pockets. Great thing. Pickup On South Street is also one of the few films in which, although the characters are not perfect, you care about them - perhaps because they were somewhat branded in their past in a way that's hard to avoid: skip as "a triple loser" and Candi as a young woman who "knocked out" a lot. When these people behave a little worse than you would expect, it is in a way a new way of looking at people you would not otherwise imagine - and yet you know that they are possible because actors make them so recognizable to people.
