** SPOILERS ** Since missing at sea, her favorite writer of the murder of the murder mystery Phillis Abigail Mitchell, Ruth Gordon, suspects that it was Philisine's husband, Edmund Galvin, Charles Frank, who was responsible for her death. In fact, Abigail is convinced that she killed her and made her look like a tragic accident. Knowing that there is no evidence that Edmund was arrested for Phiillis' death and decided to take the law into his own hands Abigail cooked this elaborate plan to insert it and make it look like Phillis's death, a tragic accident. Making Edmund secretly come to her villa to give him a combination with her boss, since she will go on holiday for New York, Abigail urges him to go inside and lock up the surprised and surprised Edmund. Since no one in the house is audibly isolated, Butler's servant and Abigail's personal secretary Veronica, Mariette Hartlei, hear him shouting for help, and the next day Edmund is thrown to death. Veronica discovered Edmund's body as she wanted to take, for safe keeping, Abigail's latest manuscript of murder. Lt. Columbo, Peter Falk, was summoned to a case involving the strange death of Edmund Garvin to determine whether it was a murder or a tragic accident. Walking through Edmund's apartment Columbo is confused when he finds out that he has not had a single photo of his late wife, who disappeared just a month! This is related to what Abigail always felt when Edmund was in love with Phillis and the suspect in her assassination in Abigail's head. Columbo, the great fan, along with his wife, Abigail's mysterious novels, find it hard to realize that she is actually responsible for Edmund's death. All the evidence points to Abigail, including a couple of missing keys from the Edmunds car. All this proved that Abgail was actually in the house, not on the way to the airport, when Edmund was locked in a safe. Passing through all the evidence Columbo appears with this strange conclusion that Edmund has certainly left some evidence in the safe deposit box in writing to the killer. This conclusion is quickly checked when it is discovered that Edmund did not even have a pen or pencil, nor a light when the safety lamp burned down, to write it. There is also something very strange in the safe that was in the mind of Lieutenant Columba since he came to the case. This has to do with the remains of the black color found under the dead Edmund's nails and on the buckle of the belt! It is this evidence, when put together with a number of other things in the safe, that ultimately hangs Edmund's murder on the tricky and very cunning mystery writer Abigail Mitchell. Edmund allowed Abigail to unconsciously condemn his final attempt because the air in the safe was used by his breathing, using burned matches to write about Abigail's last manuscript that killed him: Abigail Mitchell!
