After the failure of the "Crusades" at the box office, Sesil B. DeMille has stopped working on films about non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years were about our history from Jean Lafitte to the Second World War (Dr. Vassell). The first in a series of productions was this film, featuring Gary Cooper as Vild Bill Hickok, and Jean Arthur as Calamiti Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Mullan (as a criminal as usual) was General George A. Custer, and Anthony Kuinn was one of the Indians who fought in Little Big Horn. The criminals were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Will Bill Hickock). In essence, the film takes over the history of the United States after the Civil War. . Lincoln at first showed that he was talking about what was the next step now when Lee surrendered. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the West (more on that later). Then he announces that he must go to the theater. That April 14th had to be very busy for Abea - Virginia Citi grants pardon to Erro Flinn at the request of Miriam Hopkins on the same day. In fact, while Lincoln was worried about the West, his immediate thought on the last day of his presidency, it was about reunifying the former Confederate States and its citizens in the Union as soon as possible. His attention was occupied by the reconstruction, not the west (except for the problems of Makimillian and his French controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he was involved in real problems with the West. In 1862 he sent a disgraced General John Pope, a loser in Second Manasas, to Minnesota to kill a serious Indian war by Sioux (the subject of the novel by McKinley Kantor, "Sprit Lake".) It turned out that the pope was incompetent against Lee and Jackson. it was pretty effective here, and the insurgency was broken. However, with all of Lincoln's real interest in Western issues, it's doubtful that he says (as Cooper repeats at least once), "The limit needs" There is no nothing he could say he could not say, but hardly he could As he said, Teddy Roosevelt said: "Eat a good breakfast every morning for your health." This is, at best, a statement of a recognizable fact, and Cooper transforms it into a small mantra, like the Lincoln version Monroe's doctrine is funny ... typical of the way DeMille's scripts have really bad mistakes in common sense in them. But this is not a ruinous mystery. "The Plainsman" is an adventure movie, and as This has the full benefit of DeMille, the movie creator of the spectacle. It's worth watching. But not as a textbook on Lincoln's political ideas or his legacy.
