Kim Basinger starring Dell, a housewife with twins (Terri and Tammi, played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaie Gair) and an offensive jerk (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. The film opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth returns home from work, driving a nice car. He is on his cell phone discussing with a business partner who I would guess. When she comes home, she sees she is cluttered with shoes and toys that spread. This makes him even more angry and he starts with his wife, Dell, and he is asking why the house is always in disarray. He leaned against the wall. Clock twin with stairs. Hit the wall, leaving a hole in it and leaving. She tends to children, trying to comfort them. After that all is said in cash, she has to go to the mall to make a purchase at the last minute and because it is out of packaging paper. She arrives there and the parking lot is a lot, because there are many buyers at the last minute. While searching for a parking spot, she notices a car that occupies two places and bites her. Finally he finds a parking spot, crosses the car and leaves a message under a towel that he calls the owner "selfishly twitching". Then he went to the mall to make a purchase at the last minute. When you finally leave the mall, it closes and many people have already left. However, the owner of the car did not leave a note and she notices this on the road to her vehicle. She also notes that the message she left under the wiper is no longer there. Odd. When she comes to her vehicle, she enters to start. She will notice that a car appears behind her car and that she is prevented from retiring. She left the car only to face the owner of the car (Chuckie played by Lukas Haas), left the note and drove her friends. The screams are happening, and a cop from a mall (not, not Paul Blart) comes to see what the problem is, just that Chuckie throws his brain out of his head. While this happens, Della jumps into her vehicle, starts her and drives her across the median in front of her. Chuckie and his chase in his car and give him a pot. Della finally breaks up his car in a bunch of trees, but she is unharmed. She manages to get to her vehicle, open a hack and grab a toolbox before the rapists arrive there. Along with that, Della spends the rest of the night trying to escape and pull out arms with bandits armed with only the tools she has in a toolbox as a weapon. The first murder is, in my opinion, the best. And the first murder Della does. The last one was probably the weakest and should have been the best because it was the main bad guy she was from. I admit that there will be some who are postponing to buy an end, and I'm a little disappointed. On the whole, although it was a fun movie and it's moving smoothly for 1 hour and 20 minutes.
