WARNING, SPOILER! Many have told me that "Planet of the Apes" is the worst movie of Tim Burton and is also much weaker than the original film. That's why I decided not to see him. Another friend of mine who has not yet seen the movie advised me to watch it despite Tim-Burton's still a Tim-Burton film. I decided to do it, and I discovered that he was right. It is clear that the remake of such a famous film as the "Planet of the Apes" is automatically influenced by commercial thinking. Nevertheless, Tim Burton managed to make his film a strange play as good as 'Beetlejuice' or 'Batman'. If you already love Burton's films, it's hard not to love one of his films, even if he has some disadvantages: nervous monkey skueal, overwhelmed monkeys and leading actor who could, without difficulty, replace What gives us the film in the first place is the answer to the question: What is the result when Tim Burton is instructed to make remakes? First, Burton would not be Burton, if he did not refuse to call it a remake from the beginning; it's 're-imagining'. On the other hand, Burton knows that almost every viewer of his film has seen the first movie version played by Charlton Heston (as a man), and knows that the remake does not exist without his model and that the two films will not stop being compared. So, everything it does is play with this comparison at any time in your movie, e.g. г. quoting on quotes. As for the story, Burton is doing a brilliant job by first responding to open questions about the original, and then he will take the entire audience into despair by destroying this beautiful clarity and ending the film with And HERE IS A SPOILER? Leo returns to earth and finds himself in a world that has always ruled the monkeys. Now, it is a Burtonese response to the expectations of the people they hold because of the astonishing, shocking ending of the first 'Planet of the Apes'. End, still unexpected, astounding and completely confused, because ?? And here I disagree with the various 'Planets of the Apes' - the home page and - the platforms? It does not make any sense. It can not make sense, or just so complicated to become ineffective. Tim Burton plays his cruel game, he does it with a smile and it works well. Burton's fans will surely love it, others can feel betrayed and complain about some kind of manners. Well, I do not think the producers will ever ask Burton to re-direct the remake?
