Gordon Parks, a prolific black photographer of Life Magazine, made a real time bomb of the movie here - one that is not fucked! Based on the true story of two New York policemen - later called Batman and Robin - who independently used radical tactics to cleanse their area of ​​drugs, this is a policeman-friend before it became a repetitive formula. By the lightning pace, there is not an unimportant throwing scene here. Man, at the beginning of the 70's, the NIC must have been a terrible place for a cop, in terms of movies like this and "Serpico". These two policemen start as the newest security division, breaking the dealers in civilian freeloaders. But instead of receiving city-police applause, they do not get anything from their peers except resistance and antagonism. They have to manipulate minefields and police corruption individually, indebted to keep them from working in the street, ruthless drugstores and an unfortunate card in the ghetto. And David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic in water; part of the fun is watching Leibman's eyes wandering around in every scene in an impeccable comic performance, and Selby's acting is silent and guilty. These two make all of the comic aspects of the story function - showing tangible frustration mixed with the guts of determination. Director Parks, who was already known for reporting controversial topics in his photo, does not escape the clutter of the story. Instead, the film is uncompromising in showing the strength of the world of policemen and street criminals that these two people inhabit. This realism adds to the fact that true Huntz and Greenberg were technical advisors for the film, and even appear in surreal cameramen roles as two fellow officers ridiculing the protagonists. This is a true honor for the effectiveness of Parks' direction, which manages to perfectly balance this depressing mile with light comedy. Why did MGM / UA allow this to sit on the shelf for 30 years - barely giving it a home video or DVD release in the US? It's a minor masterpiece from the 1970s.
