I first saw that half a century ago on black-and-white television in a small village of Samoan and thought it was hilarious. Now, since I saw him the other time, so much later, I do not think he's ridiculous. I'm not finding anything funny anymore. But this is a witty and carefree comedy that moves quickly without interruption and I have fully enjoyed it. It is 1945 and Fred MacMurrai is the fourth player to die to enter one of the armed forces. He rubs a lamp in a sculpture he is leading, and it seems that the spirit gives him a few desires. (Ho ho, is not it? But although the introduction is nothing more than fine, the fantasies are quite lively.) MacMurrai tells the spirit that he wants to be in the army. Puf, and he marches along with Washington's soldiers in a particularly warm and inviting USO where June Haver and Joan Leslie wear lots of lace wipes or whatever they are, and lavender wigs. Washington sends MacMurrai to spy on enemies - red, German speakers, not the British. The Hessians are stuck in Bierstube and sing a very entertaining singing song that glorifies the virtues of Waterland, "where the white wine is the brightest Rhineer Rhinier / i bratvurst is shallow and the yellow hair is yellow / and Frauleins are jucier / goose stairs. Otto Preminger is a suspicious and evil Hessian general. "You know, Heidelberg, you're against 241 to 1 - but do not be scared." I can not go on too long with these fantasies, but they are all pretty funny, as are the verses. When she wants it To be in the navy, MacMurrai is approaching Columbus, and the fantasy is portrayed as a great opera. "Do not you know that nautical west meant a terribly expensive investment? / Who do you think is provided by the money / but Isabella, queen of the queen. "When they see the New World, someone notices that it looks great." I do not care what it looks like, "mumbles Columbus," but this place will be called Columbus. " In any case, everything is finally corrected, although the spirit at this time is quite drunk, and MacMurrai appears in the marine corpus with the right girl. I made it sound too sweet, but it may be sweet Children will enjoy the smoke of smoke, magic and an unbridled love story. Adults will receive a blow from the most challenging elements the same stories (who are the Hesyans?) Unless the college ends, in which case they may want to stick to the legend and say: "Wow! Avesome! "
