After I overtook this film on the Fok film channel on lazy Friday afternoon, I can not remember a better way to spend lazy Friday night, then I put two cents. Especially when you consider the lack of user feedback. Does every movie, good or bad, deserve more than four comments? And this film is not bad at all. The first thing to keep in mind when watching a movie like April Love is to recall the time it came from, in this case in the late fifties. Films were then a fairly happy medium. Cinemas were stripped of tragedy while screens were filled with wide screens of Technicolor films to separate people from the gray glare of media in a box called television. I do not know how many people were thrown out of the tube to see this but managed to draw my attention to 97 minutes. Teen Idol Pat Boone game Nick Conover, young teenager. They sent to live with Aunt Henrietta (Jeanette Nolan) and Uncle Arthur (O'Connell) in the country after being tried for car theft. His aunt and uncle appear to have lost their son (Jed Jr.), so uncle Jade seems to have lost his lust for life. Aunt Henrietta hopes that Nick will somehow take out Jeda out of her despondency at the farm. Stories like what they are, Jed and Nick, of course, do not worry about each other too much. The dice then continues to meet with neighbors, Dolores Michaels and Shirley Jones Templeton. Immediately Dad falls in love with Fran, and of course I do not have to tell you that Liz falls in love with Jed. Then there is a horse of Uncle Jude, a trooper who has become wild and does not allow anyone to deal with him since the death of Jr. there are no real surprises. It does not matter, in any case you will enjoy it. Once you get to the image of the screaming fifth Buna, as a supposedly bad boy, you will not have problems with the rest of the movie. In view of this, Boone turns into a surprisingly good performance like Nick. Certainly the role does not require much depth, but it is still a good job when you least expect it. As Jed, Arthur O'Connell is the perfect choice for the role. At an early stage, he is elusive and cold, but as he slowly heats up for Nick, we see that he is a really good guy. Jeannette Nolan is as much fun as Henrietta, who plays the role of a mediator between Jed and Nick. Shirley Jones takes a break from Rodgers and Hammerstein and gets a couple of opportunities to squeeze us with her singing talents. Like Liz, she is beautiful to watch, it's great to listen, and occasionally funny. Dolores Michaels like Fran, who is a bit more on the wild side, is just as fun. . Not one bad guy in all this. Everyone is so damn nice to be able to enjoy the movie. I sincerely feel that it is completely refreshing, as if I put my problems behind and enjoy the summer picnic with friends. Think of it as an old Andi Griffith shov with music numbers, a bit more complicated, and a wide screen of Technicolor. The songs are a mixed bag, and the cover song April Love is the best of them. Another thing that I really liked was that they did not rely on the use of the blue screen during the race horse sequences, and they are quite entertaining and exciting about it. In fact, you will see that the whole movie was beautifully photographed and it was nice to see that they did not save in that department. Chemistry between Jones and the Buna is good. Best of all, the lack of jurisdiction between Nike and Ded shows how each one tries to respect others in some way. This film will never be confused with the big movie. However, sometimes instead of going to Disneyland, you just need a nice trip to the park, and that's what April Love is. My Rating: B + <br /> <br />
