At first glance, who is singing it seems to be an absurd and excellent comedy? with only something unusual, quiet and slow: what a mistake! Starting from two singers on the desert landscape, then on a bus and a beautiful crowd of actors, hides the gem! The overlap story, and the false rhythm encourages you to think, yes, it's a comic book, but it only allows you to assume that it will be a mild movie. Nothing: a very funny moment, a subtle subtle cynic to others, its development surprises you the whole story? Very ingenious and smartly presented, all characters are important, and actors give them a full life. And what's amazing is that it's based on deep perception, a great mastering of the camera's work and has great meanings. , and in fact everything, the general direction and how the details are presented, simply forget that the movie is: it's like looking at a kindly human society, which you do not yet know, which was shot by a friend behind the camera. And you are the one behind him. It's a simple and simple exception! Do not misunderstand me; in no way would it mean a script, image quality, the musical result was somehow amateur, no, no! It's great art! <br /> Because it flows like a river? From above in the mountain, down to the sea, with all the different types of terrain and peregrinations that will face the rights of the river on its way to the sea? from small things to mains. This metaphorical picture I used is the best way to explain all the charm that has Who sings there. For me, again, I take a hammer: just extraordinary ... I saw that the Director is the one who made Chat Blanc / Chat Noir, which I know is quietly known? But as I have not seen it yet, I had no idea about this gentleman. Other reviewers have written ditramic comments on this film, I totally agree! European Eastern cinema is not well known because it is rarely translated, but I'm lucky to have this example in the original language, with good English subtitles. All in all: deep, tasty and remarkable ... For fast and empty exploding types and effects of special effects, avoid them at all costs, maybe too subtle and good for you! But if you are interested in different genres and / or classics, I assume you will not regret it for this, and in the case of purchases, it will have a good time in your personal DVD library, with no less than deserving names such as Billy Wilder, Lubitsch or Sacha Guitri among some of my favorite directors. At least for this movie! *** The movie is never really good if the camera is not the eye in the head of poet Orson Welles ***
