I have to be 100% honest with you, IMDb users. I wanted to watch this movie for a long time just because of the poster. Does Charlotte Gainsbourg not look so sexy and charmingly smarter that way? I'm in love with this woman! I got what I expected ... but only half. This film should provide expectations for those who enjoy all kinds of romantic comedies or stories that include intelligent humor and light dramatic situations. Until I agree with another IMDb colleague who says the movie is overrated; I must admit that "Prete-moi ta main" has a lot of flaws. My main problem with the film is the lack of chemistry on the screen between the main characters. There is no single scene that preceded the peak that shows the main characters that share the moment of "romance" or even a trace that suggests they are interested in one another. Actually, the only scene was split for a moment is terribly awkward (when both are on the couch) and does not help the audience to realize a possible love interest. I did not buy a dinner sequence. Still, the film brings very funny moments and has strong dialogues that support such imaginativeness. I think it's very difficult to execute such a farce from a 43-year-old man these days with great resourcefulness. I realized that this is a film and that's why I accept it as a funny situation. Plus, humor is versatile. There are moments that include S & M, funny lines with Chabat's best friend, some lesbian references, funny situations where family wives are present, and more. Movie. She is funny, sexy, looks very skinny and fine, and shows she is a versatile and talented actress who can perform a comedy and dramatic show in pure glow. Alain Chabat is a good actor and gives very decent performance. I think the supporters are doing what they can. The result, the art direction and other technical aspects are really good and give a dynamic look to the movie. Those enjoying this type of film should be satisfied after the completion of the loan. This is a good example of a good movie.
