Before the Crash came, there was an interesting movie called Grand Canion. Released about 14 years earlier than the previous film, Grand Canion was a film about two people from different backgrounds who gathered as friends during their lifetime. For me, Crash was still a bit better movie, but the Grand Canion was not even lowered. Being in Los Angeles, a higher-level lawyer named Mack (Kevin Kline) crosses the shortcut through the upper side of the city just to break his car at the worst moment. He calls the towing truck and has to wait a while, so that he will soon be threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the truck driver arrived at the perfect moment, and Simon (Danny Glover) went out to take the truck. Both men are threatened, but Simon manages to pull himself out, Maca and cars from terrible situations. From here, there is a friendship between two men throughout his life, while Mack helps Simone just as Simon previously helped him to get out of a dangerous situation. You see that Simon's sister Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with two children, and feared for her eldest son who seems to be wandering around in the street with some bad people at night. Mack offers them a better place to live, as well as connecting Simone with his friend Jane (Alfre Voodard). This is the main plot of the film, but there are other smaller pitches that include the same secretary (Mari Louise Parker), as well as Mack's wife (Mari McDonnel) who discovers an abandoned baby shortly after their son Robert (Jeremi Sisto in his first film role) went to the camp during the summer, and probably will soon be going on with his life. Details of all these plots are combined into a complex film that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor of life and as a bridge that connects all different scenes. This simple working device works very well and greatly helps in the flow of the story. The director of Lavrence Kasdan, whose biggest film to date was The Big Chill, has created a great movie here. Actors are great, and most ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately, they miss their size, as some of the points that make the film even stronger are deleted. A story that includes a secretary is one, and the other that includes Simon's nephew is the other. These scenes were supposed to be more than the whole story, and then the views of Lawrence Kasdan on life between the upper and lower classes would have been at a higher level, not only very well. Nevertheless, Grand Canion has exceeded expectations, and you will see the view of the canyon by which this movie got its name. There is also a small role of Steve Martin as Davis, producer of violent films, who offers her own views on life, and has a small part in the ideas of this film.
