If you really want to know that most actors and directors on the Hollywood scene "succeed" where they are, the vast majority will tell you (assuming they will say) that there was a strange coincidence. They found out that at the right time they got to know the right people and entered the real project that led to other connections and other projects. Kuinten Tarrantino was playing the class of actors whose instructor knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacei, in a lecture by a famous playwright, who helped him to land, played an important role, raising a pass. And Robin Villiams deserves his career with his son, Garry Marshall, who, after seeing Star Wars, suggested to his father that an alien should visit Cunningham's "Happi Dais". These coincidences, often seen as pure happiness, are now shaping many of Hollywood's career. Or is it pure luck? Is there anything else possible? The "Great Canyon" written and directed by Lavrence Kasdan suggests a completely different explanation for unexplainable and strange miraculous coincidence. The film refers to several different characters whose life is crossed by a positive, yet unexplainable case. Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, is experiencing a breakdown in one of LA's most dangerous areas. When a tow truck is telephoned, a young gang invites him. They threaten with violence if they do not leave the car. Just before confrontation, Danny Glover appears as a truck driver and alleviates the intentions of the gang. Although Glover later denied, he probably saved Kline's life. Producer (Steve Martin) of cheap violent films is shot in the leg and afterwards has a spiritual experience. He then announces retirement for blood and entertainment. And Claire's wife, Claire (Mari McDonnell), while in the morning yoga, finds a baby hidden in a leaf. She claims that the baby cried behind her and that the "rescue" of her child was pre-determined. The film further explores the results of these strange relationships leading to further relationships, breaking relationships and new beginnings. And all that time, a strange homeless man appears in the movie as if it was in some way connected with everything that is happening. In Hollywood, or film in general, it's very rare to explore such a purely esoteric subject. There are moments that look a bit incredible, but maybe that's the point. What makes the work of the film is the superb acting of the actors. Although wonders and coincidences may seem incredible, actors assure you that they are experiencing these new realities. Perhaps this is a topic that should be explored more often.
