I again visited Grand Canion earlier this year when I started to devise the top ten list in the 1990s. I first saw a movie when I was 17 years old. How did I hear about it? He was reviewed and highly recommended by Siskel & Ebert in 1991 and finally I recorded it a year later. It is a great movie, a powerful movie, a healing film, about the power of listening, a true listening. I've seen him six times now, and it entertains and inspires me with every next look. But why is bad criticism for this movie? Maltin's film guide gives him two out of four. Too melodramatic, too coincidental, too sarcastic, expressions that I read most. Yes, in this story there is a melodrama and yes, there are also many coincidences. But it brings intensity and force that looks attractive. For all the "plots" that exist in the Grand Canion, such as shooting from cars, police pursuit, earthquake, love affair, the discovery of baby in the bushes, another shooting, almost an accident for the new driver, and the world homeless advice, this film wins smart performances by Kevin Klin, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfred Wood, Danny Glover and Jeremy Siste. He also works for the skillful instruction and writing of Lawrence Kasdan. You know this is not just another movie when you think of a sequence at the beginning of a movie that includes Kevin Kline, who is mistreated by four black boys. Danny Glover plays the toy driver who helps Klin's character, but not before he gets upset by the group leader. Listen to the dialogue while the kid suggests to Glover, "Are you afraid of me, or because I have a gun?" The great canyon is filled with one perceptive scene for the other. Steve Martin was to be nominated for the best supporting actor as a film producer with a heart change and then a subsequent change of mind. I think his character is a warning that "good" can carry us forward, that is the idealism of virtue, but for which we must constantly fight, and not depend. I'm afraid the Grand Canion can be forever lost in the wild of newer releases in the video store. But with the current contracts on older versions of as many as 99 cents, please everyone who read this in the reviewer's review that you will thank after you rent it, the Grand Canion is something special. If you liked Magnolia, another movie with a big ensemble of deep humanistic themes, you will love the Grand Canion.
