I must say Grand Canion is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I looked at him several times and still feel the first time; that this film, by its very nature, can form the whole curriculum of the postgraduate study of the film regime. For a long time, the movie trailers were promising, "It will make you laugh, this will make you cry." It's a very banal and short description of what Grand Canion does. It takes you to the best places in human experience and the next moment leads you to the hell door. Much of the film is moving back and forth between people who are close to happiness, and the same people are close to horror. It is always a short step. It's just that you take a swing with grace and without looking like a fake or exaggerated, managerial genius. Spoiler (kind) comes. After the audience is accustomed to rocking back and forth through the emotional spectrum, the film casts a curve with a sequence that does not go from good to bad and back, but instead escalates from a common spatial split, through a random knife a wound that can, but does not have to , demand seams, an earthquake in which characters move from home. At the time of their relief, the forgotten argument, the forgotten finger, the earthquake survived, the neighbor reported that her older husband had failed. Couple is hurrying to his help. I cried when I saw this line. I cried every time I saw her. I'm crying now. It's not a sorrow that makes me do it. It's not a particularly sad sequence. What excites me is that these few minutes of the film PERFECT. It's perfect! Stunning. (end of the spoiler) It has so much to say about Grand Canion. It shows relatively ordinary people experiencing epiphany and allow the viewer to experience them visarly. They are not noticeable or too strong, and there is no long break to carefully examine the moment. The film continues with the pace of life. Even when characters try to understand what happened, they are unsure of what to get out of their experience. The great canyon is a very human film.
