This is a big adaptation and a big miniseries by itself. Removing complications can disappoint book fans (but how many readers have read Bleak House without first seeing a movie version? I know only a few). I think it's pretty scary to watch critics who criticize the series that were clearly written by people who have no idea about this story - did you actually see the series or just made a BBC Production because Gillian Anderson was in a newer version? The series shows the mood, tempo, characters and plotter plots (cut out Dickensian flowers that are not needed and reduce the treatment of the movie Turveidrop, the Smallveed family and dynamic lawyers - Tangle, Vholes etc. are very shortened). The only failure I wanted to keep was an incident in Jellibi, but as the first episode is already slow (after the first episode, the pace is perfect) I see that it had to go. The only other critique I have is that Jo's death could have been more faithful. I see that Voodcourt could practically be canonized and he remained a bit more human because he did not have this scene, but I really think Jo's death is one of the most sensitive points in the book, and I missed her, although she always cries. br /> Is theovinthrop actually video series? How did she think Esther raised aunt and UNCLE? Who's that uncle? I suppose that someone who could replace the name DENHOLM Eliott for Desmond is not really appreciated English art (film or literature). I also think that he misconstrues the law. YES the law is very bad at Bleak House. The descendants of Jarndice, whose worthless inheritance, cost the court disputes, are not succeeded by the deceased Tom Jarndica and Rick Carstone and all who have faith in the lawsuit. Miss Flite does not work. In a sense, he also does not succeed in captain Havdon, who died until his death from the monotony of the work of transcripts of the law. Yes, keep the hunters on Vholes and Tangle. But it also makes people like Guppi and Kenge able to move away from their position in life. Although he was not courteous in terms of social status, clowns Dickens obviously preferred that they were not tied to the stigma at the station they were born (opposing Joe and the families of the burnt out of poverty by Charles Neckett). Likewise, the law, albeit abusing Tulkinghorn and Chanceri vultures, is in fact a source of security for court members Ada and Richard, and for Esther, which is simply Jarndice's department. Their safety is enshrined in the law that grants them to Jarndice. I do not see how anyone could have trouble following the story - remember that you should not realize that Esther's daughter Dadlock is just the beginning. You should not "get" all the connections right away. There is currently no satisfaction in Dickens. As for the "clear vision" in the fog, Gillian Anderson had such modest editing that it was impossible for me to track and I knew the plot! I found Diane Rigg absolutely brilliant (exaggerations and drama do not make a good Ladi Dedlock, but if you think they're trying Gillian Anderson version). It's ADA and Rick is not "Kate"! and you'll get everything you need about the Rouncevell subplot.
