You do not have to read this review. An earlier review, by Seattle Company, has already identified all the major disadvantages of this production. I can only reinforce her basic arguments. Bleak House was a relatively late Dickens novel and much darker than his earlier work. This was literally understood by the director, Ross Devenish, who had too many piles of darkness and fog. When Ada, Rick and Esther appear, for half an hour in the initial episode, relief is only for the first time in the daylight. In some dark scenes it was difficult to see what was actually on my TV screen. I watched the whole thing in one day, starting from mid-afternoon. As daylight faded, it became less problematic, but I have a pretty good TV and I've never encountered this problem at any time of the day. Pacing is very intentional (ie Spor). I'm sure it was intentional, but it's overwhelming. There are numerous footage of people walking through the mud and the darkness of Victorian London that are held longer than necessary to establish the mood and atmosphere. A good editor would probably be able to take a few minutes from every fifty minute episode without losing the dialogue line by simply shortening each of these scenes. I do not want to overestimate these two problems. . You will soon adapt to the appearance and rhythm of this production. The more important question is not to tell the story very efficiently. Dickens' novels are older than Bleak House, but they are not nearly so intricate. For example, I recently read Nicholas Nickleby again, as I was intrigued to see how Douglas McGrath drew a book of 800 pages into his two-hour film. The answer is simple: the book is full. McGrath cut off large parts of the novel while still retaining all the essential elements of the story. That would not be possible with Bleak House. This production takes its seven hours. Probably it takes longer, because many elements of its intricate plot are not clear enough, or well-processed, as it should be. A few random examples illustrate problems. Mouse, Rosa, appears out of nowhere without the background, so the attachment of Dedlock's for her is largely untouched. Sergeant George agreed to a Tulkinhorn request for a sample of Horton's manuscript is a bit fudged. It's not clear enough that Esther is actually in love with Voodcourt when she agrees to marry John Jarndice. Nor is it clear that they have agreed not to announce their engagement, or why. Ada and Rick's secret marriage is omitted. In one episode, they are just lovers; in the next, people suddenly call them a husband and wife. Ms. Rouncevell was introduced only in the late phase of the story and the alienation of Sargeant George from his family. remains unexplained - as is the way it is discovered. Tulkinhorn's commitment to maintaining the honor and reputation of the Dedlock family is underestimated, so his motive for persecuting Ladi Dedlock is less clear than needed. The involvement of brick makers with Tom and later (later) Ladi Dedlock is a little opaque. It is not obvious that Guppi renews her offer of Esther because her scars from the big goddesses have almost disappeared. This is just a choice: there are others. They are not big problems and the main sense of the story is clear enough. However, these are fewer irritations that diminish his power: you should not agree on the small points of the plot. However, there are more important structural problems that weaken the story at later stages. The entire Tulkinhorn assassination job is somewhat discarded. Kanta immediately points to Hortense as a suspect, which undermines the uncertainty of Sergeant George's situation and the importance of finding Mrs. Rouncevell. It also diminishes the impact of an underground plot where suspicion casts on Lady Dedlock and weakens the scene in which Hortense reveals itself before Sir Lester. The more serious problem is the murder, its investigation and subsequent search for Lada Dedlock, dominate the story for more than an hour, during this time we completely lost sight of the other main part of the plot: the legal case and its effect on Rick. His unsuccessful finances, his release from Vholes and Skimpole, Adin Despair, his decline in health, and so on, were put on hold for the entire episode. This is perhaps the way Dickens wrote the book (I have not read it for years), but a good scenario should keep different plots forward together. Finally, the role of Smallveed in the story is so reduced that it is almost redundant. His discovery of the new will, which triggers the final phase of the story, was also rejected. It happens on the screen. In spite of all this, it is still very good production. Many performances are extraordinary. Individual scenes are beautifully realized. His accumulated sense of tragedy is very powerful. I would still recommend it as an excellent adaptation of the great book, that there was no production in 2005. In fact, I probably would not be fully aware of his shortcomings if I did not see how Andrew Davies did it better. I was critical of Davis's adaptations by Jane Austin, but I must admit that he really knows how to tamper with Dickens's extensive books. This is an impressive and brave drama and worth seven hours of any time. Nevertheless, her probable fate should be viewed mainly as a cross-reference to the almost definitive version of 2005.
