I can not say how much the film is closely related to the novel, never read the book, but since it is an hour and a half hour, it's good to bet that most of the database is covered or, at least, we can say It's certainly not a shortened version Reader's Digest. The production values ​​are high, to the standards of other BBC classic series such as Inspector Morse and Sherlock Holmes. We can believe that Dickens London looked, sounded, and thought like this. There are some casual minor flaws - some athletes who shoot from a pistol with a beam cap 1840 or 1820 or whenever that happens. Also, you need to clap. Suzanne Burden is a kind and honest heroine who quietly goes to work well. And she is cute, in a mature way, her beauty in her compassionate nature is not in any kind of flirting. Denholm Elliott is her guard (and more than that, it turns out). Cargo and Elliott are two of the few characters who are good in an unbridled way. The other is a former sergeant who is forced to do evil by evil people. The other is a poor and helpless young man. I do not think anyone else could write it. It has all the Dikens tags - poverty, tragic death, capitalism in the raw, generous rich in houses, hidden origins, shadowy motives, and powerlessness or total malice of the justice system. Well, not the judicial system as a whole, but the office, which was obviously the court that decided on issues concerning the allocation of assets. (That's how I understood it from Wikipedia.) He became so infamously rigid and shattered that in England in 1973 he was thoroughly rearranged. Twice, Elliot character describes him as "a curse." The most striking scene involves a creditor who has been swallowed by a retired soldier in his high school during a fencing lesson. The sergeant is more masculine in the traditional sense than any other male character I remember from Dickens. An apoplectic lender and renter screaming threats from his seat, and the sergeant turns to him and makes a delicate exercise with a sword for another, every progress brings him closer to the martyr, while the old creditor with red faces returns to his seat. A few things are missing. Dickens will often hold at least one or two fun lines of dialogue. ("Humbug!" Or "The law is ass.") Not here. "Bleak" house is the right title. Second, there are practically no Veber "ideal types" - not Mr. Micavbers or Artful Dodgers or Scrooges. Third, the atmosphere, the whole ethos, is tirelessly sad. One trouble is accompanying another, usually with money or some embarrassing mistake of the past. My God, it's depressing. It was as though the author had dropped his spleen at everything he hated in the world he knew. Poverty, okay. KNOW poverty. But you wonder what the office has done to Dickens to deserve this kind of treatment. Perhaps I should add that I just watched the first episode of the series in 2005 - and that's better in two ways. There are several zips in the direction, so the tempo is a bit quicker. And Jarndice's work on Jarndice explains a satisfying right ahead, instead of lurking in shadows as the mysterious "curse", so that the plot is easier to follow.
