This production was made in the mid-1980s, and it seems to be the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on a celluloid. No film version of the novel has ever been tried (it is extremely rich in sub-groups that actually serve as a counterpoint to each other, so it would be very difficult to circumcise it). Roman was the only attempt by Dickens to make a central narrator (one in two in the work) of a woman, Esther Summerson. Esther is raised by her aunt and uncle, who (in the typical Dickens style) maltreates. She is illegitimate, but she will not tell her about her origins. Later we interfered with the gentleman, Lycée Dedlock, and his wife. Ladi Honoria Deadlock (Dama Diana Rigg) has become increasingly difficult in relation to her private life and interfering with the family lawyer Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We are also involved in the actions of Richard Carston (Esther's boyfriend) in an attempt to win a long-standing case, Jarndice v. Jarndice, who (even Richard's cousin John Jarndice - played by Desmond Elliot) warns that it is not worth it, Dickens was a reporter of the law, and then a parliamentary reporter before writing a fiction. Starting from the case of a breach of promises in the PICKWICK PAPERS document, Dickens carefully looked at the law. Mr Bumble said it was a "ass" at OLIVER TVIST, and Dickens would consistently support that view. He looks at the poorer neighborhood as a fertile ground for a crime in TVIST, which the barely tries to cure. It attacks the office and obsolete property laws, as well as the advancement of lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) in BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT he attacks prison debtors (it was also hit by David COPPERFIELD). IN OUR LIVING FRIEND he looks at testers and wills. In THE MISTERS OF EDVIN DROOD he apparently went to the murder trial. Dickens was much more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Takeriya. But the novel also deals with other problems (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, the growing detective force of the Scottish Jarda, social snobberism in the Industrial Revolution). He also uses the novel to satiate various people: writer Leigh Hunt, Inspector Fields of Scotland Iard, and even the infamous Maria Manning. Most of these items are kept in this fine mini-series. If it reappears at the cable station, grab it.
