It's no wonder that this film has won 4 prices, it's a movie that is held in any soul, it's no wonder why Paul Reiser for 20 years finally gave in and talked with Peter Falk about his idea. I can understand every part of her, this is a movie that will make you cry only tears, or thousands. Story: 10/10 When Sam Kleinman received a letter from his wife about leaving him to find something else, his son and he went on a journey to find it, and while they did it , found something lost, Friendship, family and attachment to each other. At first you know what will happen, but no story is so easy to grasp from start to finish, it's a ride between father and his son, husband and his wife. No wonder Paul Reiser wrote about this beautiful romance / comedy for 20 years. Actors: 10/10 Well, you can not say anything else I will tell you, hey, it's with Peter Falk in it, he's the legend all he does in movies is magic, when you use Peter Falk in romantics / comedy what do you think you get? Perfect result, no wonder that this film is perfect and has won many prices. As Paul Reiser's son does an excellent job, although he is not a good actor, that does not mean that it actually did not work. Peter Falk and Paul Reiser play the perfect father and son, the rest of the actors are good enough, but you do not see them so much, just tell them to do what they want to make it even more bright. Music: 10/10 Does not always work when used music sometimes just does not fit, but it's not the thing in this movie, music is perfect in harmony, makes the movie even more inviting. This part of the film will light up as well as other parts, an excellent soundtrack for romance / comedy that is safe. tapes, DVDs, Blu-rai and what not, but this movie is one of the special ones. it does not happen everyday to be able to make such a story, to think about it for years, and the fact is that it was actually what was to be done, a great deal to be bought and saved in the human soul, when you grow old and see it with your In my old age, I think this film will spark like no one else ever.
