"The thing about my people" came as a surprise. We had no idea what to expect. The film directed by Raimond DeFelit, and based on the film performance by one of his stars, Paul Reiser, proved to be enjoyable for films. Although the film is predictable and we know what the outcome is, this is the journey of discovery where Ben meets his father, perhaps for the first time in his life, Ben sees his father for what he really is, not his father. the mythical figure in the head. It seems that the film is a vehicle for his star, Peter Falka, and he's running away with the movie, as expected. Mr. Falk, one of the most beloved actors working in films at this time and in the past years, is an actor with such growth that he has to count on. Like Sam Kleinman, a distant father, Ben, he is a man who is clearly mistakenly understood, not only by Ben, but appears in the whole family and his wife for forty-seven years. When Muriel, the clan of the Kleinman clan, escapes, they all go into panic because this woman, who was a strong figure of the family, is vital to keep everything together. Not knowing where she went, Sam appeared in Ben's house confused because she felt abandoned, suddenly, from the woman he married and who was loyal all these years. Ben, the youngest son, takes his father on a journey seeking a house he wants to buy in order to bring his family from Manhattan to the ground. The path provides an excuse for Ben to connect with his father in a way he never knew, because the old man always projected a rejected character to his younger son. By the way, father and son realize how much they love each other and how much the old man misunderstood about their children. Love for Sam for Muriel stretches through many years of familiarity; They seem inseparable. Peter Falk is magnificent in the film. He makes a great Sam Kleinman, a man who suddenly realizes that his life will change to the worst. Mr. Falk shines as an elderly man and there is never a false movement in his interpretation of a man whose world is falling apart under him. We do not need to be Paul Reiser fan, we have to admit that like Ben Kleinman, he is right. Ben and his father reveal how much they are together and their love for Muriel, the mother who sacrificed her life to keep the family together. Olimpija Dukakis can be seen only at the end of the film. She gives a good contribution as a running mother. Elizabeth Perkins plays Rachel with great style. The film has a great look thanks to Dan Gillham's cinema and Steven Argyle's great musical score. In the end, the film shows excellent team effort between its director, Mr. DeFelitta and Paul Reiser who wrote it for the screen. Although this film is clearly targeted to an older audience, it should satisfy everyone.
