Two thirds of nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted for this movie rated it to 8, 9 or 10 and one user reports that he has six video cassettes (Was it a record, or just a faulty VCR?). Although the film is primarily conceived as a periodical piece, it obviously has a rather unusual fascination. But for some reason, I imagined it to be quite wholesome and until recently I did not feel the need to watch it. My mind has been changed by the original book Elizabeth Von Arnhem. My wife likes to read, but her vision does not allow her to read much, so she borrowed it in the form of a book. Such books usually irritate a companion who is preoccupied with other things, but gradually I realized that this was seductively soothing, although in no way was it a syrup, and it was also very well written. I realized that my wife would enjoy watching the movie, so she decided to buy a video tape. Now I am very pleased to have done this, and I would certainly recommend buying it to anyone who appreciates a quiet, reflective work without fireworks, but with well-developed character development and a very successful atmosphere before Mussolini. The story is set in the immediate aftermath of the Second World War and begins with two married London ladies who decide to join their savings and together enjoy a holiday away from their families in a rented villa in Italy. The power of circumstance leads to the pair being joined by two more with very different characters and backgrounds. His theme is essentially nothing more than the interactions that take place as their vacation progresses, not only between these four very different mature ladies, but also with the occasional male visitor. If you want action, excitement, dramatic scenes of sex, natural or human catastrophes or Harlequin-style romance, it would not be a movie for you. IMDb users are collectively and very strongly pointed out that none of them are needed to make the movie very satisfying to watch, and if you try to try it, you can, like me, come to rank it among your favorite movies. It's fairly rare for me to watch a movie from a book that I already know. In many cases, I consider this to be a pleasure to watch the film, but there is such a strong visual appeal in an environment where I actually found my satisfaction increased by expecting to see the next section of the book, effectively stretched out in front of my eyes. (Maybe Italy itself has something to do with it, the last time I had this experience was when I watched the stories from Boccacci's Decameron on television.) Mostly, book books tend to increase the dramatic level of the original work to ensure that the recorded version is even wider scene, but here everything is shrinking so that viewers are careful about the gradual development of character, not on any background events. This works very well, although the changes in the book are scarce and the film remains true to the original story. It is a great merit of the director, Mike Nevell and all members of the acting team, especially those famous British actresses who play four main ladies.
