Three girls, the youngest offspring of the Gailord family, one of the American royal families, are orphans in their youth. Before going to France to fight in the First World War, their father tells the oldest, Fioni, that he never sells the land. By the time the sisters became adults, they had to spend most of their money paying lawyers to defend their property. Through certain holes in his father's will, a man named Charles Barclai acquires ownership of the land Gailord, on which he wants to build a complex called Barclai Circle. Barclai is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who was buying up land and buildings from rich families in New York to build a Rockefeller Center. This film mainly deals with the melodramatic problems of the three sisters. . Fiona, well-acted by Barbara Stanvick, although she certainly does not need to be considered one of her best roles, looks like a cold, dominant woman, and it becomes clear she has some skeletons in her wardrobe. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a little ditsy and completely in love with a young modern artist named Gig Ioung. Coleman was my favorite performance in the movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a rather pretentious seductress with a monocle who has been married to a noble blood in England, but this does not prevent him from attempting to steal Gig from his sister. The three sisters have been developed quite well, but, like the main trend in the Gai Sisters, it's never good enough. Charles Barclay plays George Brent. It's not very good. Well, it would be satisfying if the story would play the way it should be, but it always seemed like a bastard in the movie. When we are invited to sympathize with him late in the film, this is impossible. Gig Ioung game, huh ?, Gig Ioung. No, I do not play alone. The actor, who previously played in several films under his real name, Biron Barr, was under the pressure of Varner Brothers to change his name to something more appealing. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but ultimately he changed his screen name to Gig Ioung, following the character he plays in The Gai Sisters. Strange, huh? The young man is pretty good through most of the film, but the script for some unfortunate thing with his character is late in a movie that ultimately damages the audience's sympathy towards him. In two other supporting roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are pretty good. The characters are interesting, as are their situations. Unfortunately, the script never works for more than the simplest melodrama. If this made the interconnectedness of all the major characters more complex, for example, the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna, or made the flashback intricate, the movie could have been fantastic. Likewise, a little more prologue could be studied, let us know more about the Gailord family. We need to take care of the characters more and make us more sympathetic. And the finals needed some major repairs. It basically just surrenders at the end. Fiona's problems are resolved so badly to hurt. Regardless of the sympathies that her character got as the film progressed, it decays. He's also too happy. This story seems to be moving towards tragedy, or perhaps just a sense of historical significance or loss. And I still hate Barclays. And the conflict between the two sisters and Giga has never been resolved. It's bad how much Fiona's story ends, Susanna, Gig and Evelin are worse. I still liked the movie. This is entirely visible, even if it does not include us as other great films from that era. 7/10, mostly due to its potential. It had to be processed, or the novel was re-adapted, at some point during the study era. It's too dated to be redesigned now. The 1950s would be the best time, during movies like Giant.
