For the first time I saw Rob Roe twelve years ago. With a little money for fun, I rented it for my fiancée and I watched the winter night in bone. The film I wanted disappeared, so I rented it instead, not expecting much, and I was very surprised how good it was. I recently looked at him again and I loved him for the first time. For those who are not familiar with the story, it is a Scottish outlaw Robert Roo McGregor, a cattle-breeder and a national hero. From what I know about a man and his story, freedom is taken with facts, but it's a movie, not a tutorial, and that's why the filmmakers can justify it. In fact, the film's plot is that Rob Roi borrows money from the Marquis from Montrose to buy cattle that he then intends to sell and make a big profit. But his plan is frustrated when a friend to whom the money was entrusted was robbed of money and killed in the woods. Our hero was on the run after he failed to solve the matter with Marcus, and Mary, his wife, suffered from a sadistic rape in the hands of Archibald Cunningham, a dumb Englishman without a soul. The crime appears, until, in an extremely satisfactory conclusion, Rob dismisses Archibald as a Christmas party. In this movie there are many great performances, but let me touch a few. Liam Neeson, as usual, is a fantastic, sexy beast that you can not take off your eyes. Frankly, this man is like ice cream: even when he's bad, he's good. His Rob Roi is an honorable man who tries to provide those who depend on him, in the best way he knows it. Jessica Lange, like Mary, gives women a harshness that is a nice change compared to the cute, boring filmmakers who are usually forced to endure. You just know that she does not take any bs from Rob, or anyone else for that matter. Tim Roth completely outplayed his portrayal of Archibald's evil, but somehow works. All posturing and preening, combined with some rude dialogue, result in one of the most remarkable movie criminals in recent memory. Combine all this and the starry work of other players who support, with the sweet landscapes of Scotland, and you have what really is really, really cool movie. If you have not seen it, I recommend that you do so.
