In 1995, when so many people talked about Mel Gibson's great premier BRAVEHEART, he also saw another fine but underrated film about the history of Scotland, ROB ROI. Although this is a completely different film, especially because of the historical period in which the story is set, ROB ROI has much in common not only with the beautiful BRAVEHEART, but also with the spirit of epic films. It is a film that talks about similar topics, such as the fight for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family as the key to happiness. It also leads us to the blessing of the Scottish Highlands in which the human soul finds that the rest is surrounded by the size of nature. Robert Roi MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a true hero (so universal in the epics), the kind of "Scottish Robin Hood" who is struggling to lead his people out of oppression imposed by cold-blooded masters. Although worsens their situation through work, must suffer much, two things remain undeniably in his mind: that he HONOR I LOVE assigned to his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). This brings him to unexpected events ... Apart from interesting content and pretty lively action, the movie is filled with truly amazing visuals. This factor has to do with film gatherings and locations as well as wardrobe. Many unforgettable moments remain in the mind of every viewer who can afford insight into artistic images. For me, the most beautiful scene was in the Highlands when Rob Roi tells his boys what the honor really means. He then sends them and lovingly leads love with his wife. The scene he fled from John Hurt to Marguerite to the waterfall is also worth a look as stunning visual. Of course, there is some graphic violence, for example in a duel, but I do not think that violence would be as harmful as in many other modern films. Their justification is like every other epic: bloodshed and cruelty at that time were really serious and it would not be a purpose to hide it. The most interesting scene for me was rape on Rob Roi's wife by the bad guy: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting, and children should definitely stay away. However, everything else is O.K. However, there is one aspect that made me really love this film, performances. <Br /> <br /> All the actors are doing a perfect work of leading Lian Neeson, which fits well into the role of a tall, brave, strong Scottish man by the accompanying band Brian Cox showing evil Killearn, a silent witness to the terrible acts that they feel comfortable with war of war. Jessica Lange is very good as Mari MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments in the movie. There is a chemistry between Mrs. Lange and Mr. Neeson in many of their scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does a brilliant job like Marguis of Montrose, a corrupt man for whom the goal of money is accomplished in any way. I love that calmness of his display. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth who truly describes the miserable side of his character, Archibald - a man who loves love, who loves war and who finds true lust for rape and slaughter. But, like in every good epoch, this extremely evil must find its end ... Another aspect: musical score: such unforgettable and sentimental melodies that will last for a long time in the ears. . The last moment touched me to tears not only because of the beauty it conveys, but because I deeply bonded these blissful melodies with the size of the location. Scotland remains at the heart of its visitor and this film reminded me of this lasting effect. It was my second trip to Scotland. ROB ROI is a very good movie, very well-directed, photographed and acting. You may not coincide with a BRAVEHEART with spectacular sets and a host of extras in battle scenes, but it is quite a long movie with a lot of attention to a very important characteristic that movie should have: a stunning entertainment combined with genuine education. I really enjoyed this movie, I do not hesitate to call it metaphorical "hills of fun" and rate 9/10
