It's bad for this fine movie that it had to be published the same year as the Brave Heart. Although this is a completely different type of film, the conflict between the Scottish and English nobility is also here and the center. About 400 years have passed since Braveheart performed and Rob Roi was set, but some things never changed. Scotland is still headed by English nobles, and the thunderstorms can never stop when they are with them. Rob Roi is beautifully done, but not a great epic story of the Brave Heart. There are no big battles, and the conflict is more between individuals. And useful, so this time not all Englishmen are shown as evil. Rob Roi is simply a film about those who have the honor, and those who are really evil. Liam Neeson plays the title character Rob Roi MacGregor. He is the leader of the clan MacGregor and his main function is to strive and protect the cattle of a local nobleman known as John Hurt's Marquis. Things look pretty rough for the MacGregor clan as winter approaches, and it seems that food is missing for everyone. Rob Roi is making a plan to borrow 1,000 pounds of marquis and buy his own cattle. Then I would sell them at a higher price and use money to improve the general welfare of my community. It sounds fair, is not it? Problems arise when two Markuis stole money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the most lucid figure ever filmed on the movie. Played by Tim Roth, this man is a poor, noble man who sent to live with Marquis by his mother. This man is disgustingly feminine, rude, soulless, and very dangerous with the sword. The father is child-handed and refuses to take responsibility. He raped MacGregor's wife and burned him out of the house. This guy is really rude as movie characters. Together with another Marcus (Brian Cock) Cunningham steals money and uses it to settle his debts. Although most people are sickly obviously what happened, Markuis still keeps MacGregor in debt. This sets a conflict that will take many lives and provoke the strength of a man who simply struggles to maintain his dignity. Spoilers in front! Fortunately for MacGregor, a duke who is not a friend of Marquis, sets the final duel between Rob Roi and Cunningham to solve the conflict for one and all. This swordfight is considered by many to be one of the best ever recorded. Many believe Cunningham is a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the fighting, it looks like these attributes will win. Just when it looks like Rob Roi has finished, he turns the tables into a shocking grotesque way. When you first see what will happen, you will probably be shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roi was beautifully shot, he had a wonderful acting and walked perfectly. The result is quite memorable. It seems that the elections dealt with Jessica Lange, who seems to be outside her element, actually turns into one of the strongest appearances as Mari MacGregor. The film is violent, but there is not much blood. However, it is a lustful picture full of deviant behavior. The nobility plays largely amorously and blindly. The film has no obvious shortcomings, so it gets 10 out of 10 stars. Hound.
