This is a moving story about the Scottish legendary hero Rob Roo and his battles with feudal landowners. Like the Brave Heart, which is often compared, it's not very historical. Despite their primarily fictitious nature, I estimate both of these films high and it would be difficult to choose between them. The 13th century Villiam Vallace, as others noticed, a greater national life, and at the beginning of the 18th century, Rob Roi came as an honest but ordinary Scot. The story revolves around a clan leader. Robert Roi McGregor, who lives in a Scottish mountain hut with his wife Marie and their two sons. As the movie starts, he and his fellow clans love some thieves who stole the cattle of the local master. Rob Roy then wants to improve the living conditions of his people by organizing a loan of a thousand Scottish pounds from a local nobleman, Marquise of Montrose, to buy livestock on the market. He temporarily lends that money to his friend, Alan McDonald. When McDonald and the money appeared, Rob Roi was in conflict with Montrose, as well as with his disgruntled protégé, Archibald Cunningham and his weak-minded, Killearn. The honor of Rob Roe was also tested when Montrose wanted him included in a fake testimony against his rival, duke of Argile, whom he wanted to accuse of being a jailbreaker. Charismatic Liam Leeson is brilliant as Rob Roi, an intelligent, masculine and noble hero, and a man whose honor is crucial to this story. Personally, I feel this is the best performance of Neeson, his brogue (though Irish) adding authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roi is a stubborn, proud, brave and honest man whose word can be trusted. He is a husband and father who loves, and is also loyal to his friend, McDonald, who is charged with robbery. Tim Roth artfully displays his main opponent and, of course, one of the most troubling and heinous movie villains, Archibald Cunningham, an egoistic, merciless rat. He is very feminized for someone who despises local women, whether they are willing or not, by their main business. Cunningham himself pathetically points out the fact that he is a bastard who does not know about his father's identity, although it is hard to justify his terrible murder, rape and thievery. Also, he mercilessly dismisses a young clerk, Betty, after she becomes pregnant with her child, resulting in her suicide. John Hurt plays an arrogant and sudden Montrose, eventually implicated in Cunningham's father. Film is essentially a very convincing love story between an ordinary man and his wife, nicely describing the passionate bond between the Robes. Roi and Marie. Those who question the presence of passion in marriage should watch this husband and wife! I think the phrase used by this couple, "How are you fin ..." is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in the cinema. The strongest performances are perhaps Jessica Lange as Rob's wife, Mari McGregor. In the absence of makeup, there is a beautiful but natural look of a solid peasant woman and mother. The actress brings courage and dignity to her role when brutally raped by desperate Cunningham, while disgusted by Killearn. Her dialogue is clear, but full of pride and grace. I gave Hollywood for having shown themselves at the scene of rape enough to discover his cruelty, as well as Mary's pain and humiliation, but nothing was aimed at sensationalizing. Their cousin, Alastair McGregor, shows an emotional anxiety when he finds out about Mary's rape, and further troubles when she finds it a secret that she never reveals to her husband that Cunningham has broken. Of course, this film contains a beautiful landscape of Scottish plateau, as well as lavish costumes from the period and corresponding music results. There are no big fighting scenes like in the Brave Heart, but the constant engagement and special fight of swords in the final match between Rob Roi and Cunningham. This is an amazing movie featuring a tense action and a wonderful love story.
