** Spoilers Attention ** First of all, let me say Rob Rob is one of the best movies of the 90's. It was an incredible achievement for all those involved, especially for actors Liam Neeson, Jessica Lange, John Hurt, Brian Coka and Tim Roth. Michael Canton Jones painted a beautiful portrait of honor and shame that men can imagine in themselves. But unfortunately ... It's constantly and unjustly compared to "Brave Heart". These are two completely different films, probably just similar in the fact that both are about Scotland in historic Scotland. However, this comparison often bother me because it seems almost certain that Braveheart is a better movie than Rob Roi. I like "Braveheart," but the idea to compare it with "Rob Roi" is a little offensive to me. Simply put, I love "Braveheart", but it's a pale shade as much as I love Rob Roi. These are my special reasons ... "Rob Roi" is about real people. Facing, Villiam Vallace in "Braveheart" is not the right person. He is a legend, a martyr, greater than life. Because of this description, he is also a perfect person, he never does wrong, and actually shows his Scottish compatriots in the promised land. When it finally fails, it's not his fault. Like Jesus, they are betrayed by the people he most trusted. He even goes through the most difficult type of torture because he so much wants freedom. Description Vallacea is very well made and efficient. But that does not really inspire me or intrigue me. I consider human ambiguity far more fascinating than human perfection. That is why "The Last Temptation of Christ" is a better film than the King of Kings, which is one of the reasons why I think Rob Roi is better than "Brave Heart". Rob Roi can be heroic and brave, but he is far from perfect. He makes several mistakes that affect the lives of many of his closest ones. Of course, it was not a false claim against the Duke of Argyle to be an act of nobility and courage, but it was also an act of egoism and self-awareness. Let's not forget that the people who claimed to protect them were brought homeless to the end of the film for this act. But Rob did the best he could, and that was all you could ask him. Rob's wife Mari is also a normal, ambitious person. Let's start, how it looks in this movie. Of course, she is beautiful, but she does not wear makeup and she basically allows her natural beauty to show her. Compare this with two love (or one, depending on your point of view) Villiam Vallace in the "Brave Heart". Now these two ladies are hot, but barely point out how women were watching at that time (especially laymen). Perhaps not a fair comparison, but just another example of Rob Roi's attempts to make the accuracy far more effective. Through "Rob Roi," Mari must live with her malicious rape by a cowardly bucket, Cunningham. She feels obliged to tell Rob about her struggle, but not because she knows Rob has to be avenged on her rape. Such a vengeance would certainly mean the death of Rob, and Mary is not ready for such a sacrifice. The Zlikovci in Rob Roi are equally attractive. Although the enemies in the "Brave Heart" are well written, they are hardly original. Robert Bruce, a brave and cowardly man, is struggling with moral decisions that are all known in the fictional empire. Does he have to accept his request as the King of Scotland, or to issue Vallace in order to secure the safety of his family name? Bruce is the most beautiful character in "Brave Heart," but from Brutus to "Julius Ceasar" to Fred in "Kum Part II", these characters are barely genuine. Longshanks, although self-confident, is very dimensional. He is an epidemic of evil, and his tyrants are in direct contradiction with Vallace's heroism. Rob Roi has three wicked guys who are wonderful in their screaming. First of all, let's start with Marquis Montrose. He is a man who is so obsessed with his image, that he is willing to let an innocent man out of it. "Make sure I do not get rid of it" are his favorite words to his "factor." He is a man obsessed with power, disturbed that a man of a great noble position as the Duke of Argyle can be considered a greater providence than him. It is shamefully obsessed and unsure. He is an evil aristocrat, but in a way that makes him unique. Cunningham and Callarn are conspirators in Rob Roi, and also Roi's direct attackers. Callarn is so cunning in his cowardice that he is almost comical. He will do everything to maintain the good will of Marquis, which includes cunning and cunning. Cunningham is a convincing character in what appears to have been raised to do everything in his power to gain the status and affection of the Marquis. He needs a father, he knows little that Markuis is his real father. Therefore, when the opportunity to acquire wealth came from Callar, he grabbed it without being questioned. He is very similar to the evil of a modern man, so focused and vain that he does not care about the consequences of his actions towards others. Many criticized Tim Roth's appearance in this movie as an exaggeration. Hogvash, I say. It is clear that Cunningham is not only evil but also a psychopath during the entire film. In a world in which a man and his stepfather can visit random people for fun, is Cunningham too unbelievable? We live in a society where people have reduced the value of human life. Rob Roi simply teaches us that only the circumstances of this reduced value have changed. The problem is through human history that the heart of the human heart will not allow the capacity for compassion. Rob Roi and Mari give us hope that goodness will prevail, but snakes will always exist in our world. Another character that I consider fascinating is the Duke of Argyle. He is a true nobleman, and his values ​​of honesty and courtesy are in direct contradiction with Marxism. He appreciates the courage of Rob Roi and Maria and has direct anxiety for marquis and its factor. It gives world hope to the people of power. Let's hope that people like Markuis are an exception, not a rule. - The final duel in Rob Roi is more exciting than 10 battles in the "Brave Heart". One thing bored me to tell people that Braveheart is a better movie for the battles. First, battles are not barely original. From "Spartacus" to "Gladiator", Hollywood has had a long tradition of historical European battles. "Braveheart" has some of the best scenic games ever shot, but they are suffering from one important problem. These battles have no context other than the freedom struggle. Now, do not misunderstand me, neither the duel nor the original. In fact, it probably has 10 times more movies with battles, as there are battles. But the context of the duel between Cunningham and Rob Roi is the beauty to be watched. This is one of the biggest scenes in the history of the film. Let me explain why ... First of all, the fighting style and the two-character bearing in this fight perfectly describe the characters. Cunningham is dangerous, Rob Roi is strong and brave. Cunningham uses a sword feline until Rob uses a sword. Cunningham fights with quick movements, while Roi's style of struggle is more obvious. The whole film, from deliberately slow first half to the exciting second half, leads to this moment. It's a powerful thing, and it's clear Rob has to end this evil that has hit the whole world. When Rob finally gets an advantage (literally and figuratively), this is one of the greatest moments in film history. Rob will win because he has more to live, and his honor is more powerful than 10 Cunninghams. The use of music is absolutely cold in this scene. Good overcome of real evil is stronger for me than to see how a man breaks apart only so that he can shout "FREEDOM!". But hey, maybe it's just me. - "Rob Roi" is more realistic than the "Brave Hearts" I do not know that people in the aristocracy or Scots spoke like people in Rob Roi, but I feel it is they obviously try to catch their speech patterns. I feel that many people are bored "Rob Roi" simply because they can not understand what the characters say. If this is the case, then read some Shakespeare or put close subtitles. "Rob Roi" is actually one of the biggest written films of the 90's. Many of the dialogues in this movie are smart, but you may have to watch the movie several times to understand it. In contrast, the dialogue in the "Brave Heart" is hardly interesting. Of course, what do you expect when the main character is Scott, played by an australian? This is a legend and there was obviously no attempt to capture the speech of that time. This film takes place a few centuries before "Rob Roi", yet they speak as people today. That is why many people like it more. The audience today is becoming lazy, and they do not want to take time or patience to understand things that are complex. Therefore, as with many epic films, they expect the villiani to speak a recognizable English accent, while heroes speak in a language that is not far from our American language. Naturally, it is clear that Vallace Scottish, but with the exception of sounds like Star Trek Scotty and several "Aie" for recognition, the Scots in this film fit into a Hollywood tradition that we think the Scots should sound. So, do these descriptions prove that Rob Roi is a better movie than "Braveheart"? Hard. But if this turns out to be one thing, it shows that it is little known that "Braveheart" is a better movie than Rob Roi. Simply put, "Rob Roi" is a movie that has very good themes in today's world. "Brave Heart" is a legend that is inspirational but barely realistic. You can make a decision on what you think is better ... Rating - A - 9
