MAJOR SPOILERS !! This is for people who watched the movie! The commentators touched on the main theme of "Honor" in the film and too much to compare with "Brave Heart". I will point out a few things about this film that I have not seen in other comments: This film has a different opinion on abortion. The first person to get pregnant is the girlfriend of the bad guy (Roth), and when she coldly suggests an abortion, she says it's too late for that. The embarrassment of her situation ("I have a bastard's bastard") leads to suicide in a much later stage. The second character found in pregnancy is Mary, Rob's wife, after rape by Roth's character (and at least one sexual scene with her husband, Rob). Later in the film, while Rob goes on to finally confront Roth, Mari asks what she should do about the pregnancy of questionable origin, with a tone indicating abortion. Rob responds with a noble tone, "this is not the fault of a child," and then states what he thinks it should be a name, a girl or a boy. I think that this "pro-life" attitude by the hero is very unholy. Rob goes from the darkness of the house to the brilliant outside to give this comment - not by chance symbolism. Another related subject is Roth's character is a bastard, someone who obviously does not know who his father was, and has some kind words for his mother, although he carries a picture of her in a case hanging on her neck. Is it a coincidence that Roth (deprived of family stability) is walking the definition of a psychopath while Rob is a strong husband / father, and of course a hero. In the last battle between Rob and the bad guy (Roth), the ex - deeply cut the latter across the breast - left side of the chest, over the heart. His employer and pseudo-father figure (Hurth character) holds his mother's picture in his hand and looks at her before he was taken away from the dead Roth door. It is also interesting to me that the direction of the rape scene, which was not quite graphic, but was not even implied outside the camera. Surprisingly, this is actually a real display, and Mary convincingly shows the characteristics of someone who goes through temptation, and later post traumatic stress (as we call it now). The point is that the rape was neither sensationalized nor implied, which I consider to be an interesting medium way for Hollywood. In the final battle scene, I have to correct the former commentator: Weapons Roth chose a rapier (or maybe a short sword), the weapon Rob selected was Claimore. Someone really did his homework on the whole scene. Roth would have the advantage in such a situation, but, of course, Claimore is a brilliant Scottish weapon. What is even more striking to me (as a swordsman and someone who has read a little about this topic) is that this ultimate fight with the sword is one of the most convincing films ever made: actors are actually trying to kill each other - - not the usual hair lines on the blades of the opponents We see in most film battles (including the fight for opening movies). Even more true for history, Roth was seen several times using rapier as a push tool, which is the purpose of design! (Rapiers was a virgin, but primarily a weapon that stumbled, and the edges were mostly used to match the opponent's thrust.) Rob uses Claimore in broad lines because it is a designer's intention. The fight is shrinking, as I would expect - Roth successfully wins. Although Rob wins the day by grabbing Roth's weapons (more symbolic) and striking him with a deadly powerful cut. People, RARE is to see this level of historical precision in the fight with film swords. I will also note that for any reason, I recall 1995 (year of release) clearly as a time of mistrust towards the US government. Hollywood has obviously been focused on this, with the release of "Rob Roi" and "Braveheart," and I think antivladine tendencies are why both films get so much comparison. I think there is a different perspective that this film gives refreshing to the film enthusiasts, tired of the same old, not so hidden messages from Hollivood.
