Scottish piece Michael Caton-Jonesa is a little connected with the novel Sir Walter Scott's novel ... The film opens in Scottish Highlands, and Robert Roi McGregor and his men are hunting for a crowd. cow thieves who steal several heads of cattle from his lordship James Graham ... the scene is then shifted to the battle for sword fighting in which the noblemen with long-haired wigs, decorated with shirts, soft colored coats, palette and conventional gestures. . MacGregor lives under the protection of a local lord named Marquis of Montrose ... When he enters a bad deal on trade with Montrose, he innocently leaves himself exposed to malicious particles Montrose's evil ... Contractors ... Uncovering their Perfidy is the most creative and beautiful part of the film, although it is repulsed by violent rape ... When Rob Roi is finally forced to rebel against English soldiers, the action becomes well understood, ending with a pre-dictative duel between him and the experts with the blade ... <br /> Liam Neeson injects him birth and passion to his character ... He is intelligent, honest and masculine ... He carries his height with grace as the Scottish chief of a small community ... He is a loving father, a passionate lover, and a noble husband, taken to the desperate acts of strangers of wicked criminals ... They'd rather die than say a lie or betray trust. Oscar winner Jessica Lange gives the movie class a strong robust loyal woman, a proud peasant, brutally raped by an icy psychotic aristocrat ... Lange's lines are filled with dignity and integrity: they will think of you dead, while you my husband does not do that. And then I will not think about you anymore. "John Hurt brings his usual smart touch with character roles in order to make Montrose more than a greedy marquis, merciless money and a relaxed way of an English court for foppers ... He is a pompous arrogant man with two criminals at his service ... Honor, in his opinion, seems a strange term ... He has two goals: to destroy the reputation of his rivals, Duke of Argile, and to fish MacGregor's refugee ... He sends his soldiers to burn the homes of bitches, killing their people and their cattle .. . Tim Roth is a perfect ant The ite of the hero is a terrific and extraordinary phenomenal executioner ... He is a poor British aristocrat, a nasty sword, a wonderful evil, enthralled and killing his way through the Scottish fog ... His name is Archibald Cunningham ... It turned out to be liars, thieves and murderers ... He is rejected as a "bastard" abroad, seeking his wealth and favors from the great people, "and therefore can not care for anyone else:" Love is a hillock, and I am only a dick that climbs on him to crow. "Even joking that he was raped by a young man who was mistakenly mistaken by a girl ... Cunningham looks pathetic ... He smiles stupidly, and pronounces words with a suitable sophistication, but not terribly harmful - all while his muscular swordsman does not offend him, and we discover that he is a cool head and expert with the sword ... He really steals the film with the performance that has brought him the nomination for the best supporting actor ... </ I> While Brian Coke is as disgusting as Killearn, Andrew Keir is Montrose's rival, a powerful local aristocrat, Duke of Argyle, one of rare men of trustworthy people, McGregor meets outside his family ... Place yourself in Scotland from the 18th century and with atmospheric scores, "Rob Roi" is a really love story between a man and his wife, recognizable a human story, an unjustly dwarf from Mel Gibson's "Brave Heart," which is essentially the same story of provincial anger over the angry English landowners ...
