You wait to see if the remake is better or worse. I rated the Audi Murphy movie and 3 (I'm a rough grader), the second one I've ever given Audie (the worst is "Battle at Bloodi Beach" if you're curious). I give this film "8" (and I'm a rough grader). This is a story of a civil war on the "soldiers", if you want to call it, against the North. People like Kuantrell, and the people who rode with these apostates. The original was a watery version, a very clean cut, while still showing the horror of what these people did. In fact, movies such as the older version are best viewed by a mature audience, who can recognize the story. I would be more inclined to evaluate the original "R" and this, with its rough nature, the GP, because the newer movie gives a very fair version, a message that the boy decipher more easily from the older version. Since the early sixties, filmmakers have praised "realism," but few deliver them. Instead, they give only a gray set design, an unpleasant costume and a gray story, but with a caricature caricature character, the weakness of the age of the spaghetti. Modern filmmakers have understood this mistake. This is obvious in the superior style of the West, which we usually see today. This film is an example. It gives realistic settings, but it also gives us characters that we can believe exist in that period. It has a few slack, which makes the complete situation a bit difficult, and there are some unexplained situations. But unexplained situations are fine as long as the entire film is maintained, and characters are intriguing enough. It starts a bit, but it really improves. The main character is who we can identify and at least have some sympathy. The character of Audi Murphy in the early film does not really cause sympathy, and is too fair without motivation. The character in this film follows the lines of a real anti-hero. There is a motivation and method of his madness. We never feel that he is really "right", but we can understand where he comes from. The film has a lot of action. There is some humor. One good scene is when the heroine tells the hero that he will not lie to him, and he is thinking about it. This film is able to do what filmmakers are trying to do for decades. This director and the team of writers corrected him. Recommended. Complete success.
