So, the neighbor was killing his neighbor. It reminds me of Iraq. As I watched the American flag (50 stars 1864) that was pulled behind the horse, I realized why the burning of this red white and blue does not disturb me as much as our destruction / indifference to the law of rights. I am the South, and I have to have some historical memory. Watching Tobey McGuire's character learns to respect the dignity of the former commodity while watching the scalps of Negroes and Germans (his ethnic origin)) to be launched at the poker party ..... was interesting. A lot of turns in this movie. A woman who is forced to marry shows lust and strong will, characteristics that we are not accustomed to look at in the 'respectable south'. The crazy missed Southern gave me some insight into why my cousin, the head of Copeland's Thief Gang, Inc. in Mississippi, hung at that time. The homeless bands wandered around the village, armed. Remind you of Iraq? And how similar are we under the facade of religion and ethnic origin? And why the juniors still lead that civil war. It's a pity that we can not use the same knowledge in the management of the land that we just attacked and occupied, encouraging a civil war everywhere. It is Mesopotamia, now called Iraq, which accidentally has an accident to sit on oil. Missouri killers in Missouri, who are attacking Lawrence in Kansas, can easily be rebels with whom we are now fighting without success. school "even before they raise the church, and for this reason, they will win." Huh ????? They taught me in history in Birmingham, Al, and we learned that North is much more industrial and richer ... that's why they won. Of course, they also WOULD BE on their side. As you can see here, when a freed slave says to turn himself off to free his mother, he sold himself into slavery in Texas. God, what brought us the terrible legacy of slavery. Acting pretty well, a lot of blood and blood while the warriors gladly ride in battle (but they have not heard any rebellious shouts, so they resemble football games in Alabama). You get the real feeling of how dull the war was, while bushwackers and jayawakers are gathering their strengths for another attack. They lost sight of why they were fighting, just like we did. Only more foolish slaughter. You are also brought in contact with children without limbs who are returning home from Iraq, as a bushvacker (ahh, what kind of connotation) first has a sealed arm, trying to save her, then she is amputated and then dies. So much suffering for such a stupid thing. The camera is fantastic. Now I have to go back to DVD and get production notes, one of my favorite parts of any movie. I suppose this film was written by Gore Vidal, because it is the language of the type you would associate with that eras, if you know the history. Dialogue certainly provokes thinking. Not your ordinary blood and guts war movie, in any way. You see wounded but still active soldiers, who are still struggling because they have nothing else to do. See the southern robbers, living off the land, stealing indesely. However, at the beginning you saw how the fight is stopped, so that women can be evacuated from danger. As I read the increasing number of women and children dying in Iraq, I think: "Where have we lost the sense of honor as a nation?" I forgot why I was looking for this movie and bought it after 20 years, but some book was praised somewhere. For good reason. Tobey at its best, before Spideyman. Buy a DVD or rent it. And tell me why others praise this, not just the liberals of the road.
