When I heard that film was directed by Ang Lee, I made sure to see him. A few years ago, the Taiwanese director embarked on the celebration "Wedding Banquet" and "Eat a Drink Woman" and then switched to "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Ice Storm". Now, he turns his attention to another American icon - The Civil War. This story unfolds in Missouri, a state union with southern sympathy. They never officially joined the Confederate Army. Instead, they formed rebellious bands, called "bushvhackers", grew long hair, and sometimes confiscated uniforms that were worn on their regular clothes. The film shows their moral dilemma, the high drama of time and their allegedly heroic mission of killing guards and farmers who have helped the Union. There are no stars in this movie, unless you consider "Jevel" a singer, who is well-acted as a young widow of the Confederacy as a star. his legacy because the Germans were allegedly sympathizers of the Union. This young man is an excellent actor, full of fresh young people whose performance encompasses his miracle and subtle curiosities while exposed to the horrors of war. Jeffrey Wright is a liberated slave who travels with murderers for loyalty to a young man who bought him freedom. He gives a fine and incalculable performance. Some works, however, are wooden, especially in long conversations about morality. And their costumes are too new. And the subject of the southern gentleman on manners and the capture of hat and courtesy toward women encounters a bit - especially because they make the point of killing all the men who pull out the woman's weapons, then burn up the shops and houses. Although I do not think this will fall as one of the "great" films of Lee Ang, I found myself fascinated by it, despite the slow parts and its excessive length. 140 minutes. I wonder what's going on and I feel empathy for each of the characters who have all come across real and imperfect human beings affected by the forces of history. film, but it is still recommended - especially for lovers of civil war. <br /> <br />
