The most complex way to describe Ride Vith The Devil is with just one word: authenticity. I will not repeat what has already been said about this amazing film, but I want to say how much historical research and careful attention to the details that the team has undoubtedly passed, was appreciated by this film. As a student of history who knows the period and environment of this film, I must say that this production is one of the most accurate fictitious films about "Kansas bleeding". Yes, there were freedoms in real events, as all fictions can do. However, the overall feeling of the film is genuine. Authentic costumes, authentic attitudes (without a computer), even actors look authentic. Even Jevel Kilcher (who has a small part of the film) seemed to have made a photo in the middle of the 19th century. Several of the viewers I spoke with expressed their disbelief in a stylized dialogue. They can not believe that 19th-century farmers "spoke like poets." What they do not realize is that at this time of verbal slave, the American public of the 19th century was a surprisingly literate and elokuent bunch. These people have been raised to the Bible version from Shakespeare and King James. The scenarists reconstructed the most likely verbal styles of these people, according to the time documentation. The stylized dialogue only contributes to the magical atmosphere of the film. But in addition to the historical document, this film also works on a visceral level. Beautifully photographed and performed, it returns to the days of the great Western epics. The attack on Lawrence, in Kansas, done so many times in many other smaller films, is portrayed with the sense of urgency that puts the viewer at the very center of the action. Romantic, adventure, moral and ethical conflict. This film has everything a perceived filmmaker could wish for. In the year in which the smile was dominated, such as American beauty, this great artwork was buried with a indifferent studio system. But I'm sure Ride Vith The Devil will be given in the coming years. Rent this movie. You will not be disappointed.
