Driving with the devil has something rich and special, if you can withstand slow development. As he dealt with the dark, cruel topic, the brutal guerrilla war in the American West during the Civil War (which was launched by the exiles of the old western part of the 1870s), the film maintains an unusually satisfying, non-metallic atmosphere. What I mean is the tendency of music and movie lighting to feel the mood that you would expect. But RVTD instead has a relatively optimistic music background, and allows words and actions to speak about mood rather than manipulation of the observer's senses. As an enthusiast of this particular area of ​​CV history, m is impressed by the precision of the film. Diologue is professionally written (even with subtle humor occasionally) with references to bushvhackers and previous combat struggles (Independence for example ... Far from Oregon Trail!). The smaller events that occur with Jake's band are similar to the actual events that have taken place ... Especially when they are attacked in the house and the shop / stand is destroyed. The battle scenes, though rare, are pretty well performed. Even the first CV horse battle was recently played. The director shows talent that everyone expects from Ang Lee in subtle ways. Example: The image of Black John is shown that mocks Lawrence's inhabitant during the massacre: "Where is your army? Who are we to fight !? Who are we to fight?" nothing to stop the slaughter while the voice continues) You're all cowards! "Who are cowards? A lot of such things really improve the quality of the film. In history, there are no major enchanting areas, something that can not be said about the masterpiece of the film Glory, which is basically a fiction in the context of important events Some minor problems include the fact that the years shown in the presented events are not summed up, but you will never notice it. The greater curiosity is the fact that the only African-American character in the film is a quasi-slave who fights for Jake and his confederates. some Negro fighters for the Confederacy fought including the one who watched Lavrence for Kuantrilla before the attack (Who would suspect him?) Although this black rebel is a fascinating figure (no matter what Afro-Americans might think about him), no one can see the film a black pedestrian of the Union, which would be more representative of the black experience in the Western CV. One of the first black regiments of the CV was erected in Kansas (by senator Jim Lane, before the 54th mass of Reg. Slave) and black troops in Such struggles as Bakter Springs, KS, played a critical action. the role. No obvious historical mistakes. A good, realistic action, which is rare and inadequate. Good Directing. This film may not have been a blockbuster of other recent civil wars, but that's the cleanest job.
