War between states was perhaps the darkest time in America's history; the war that left his brother against his brother and family against his family and left scars that have not been cured today, and probably will never. And, as in any story of any kind of war, beyond any historical significance, a personal disagreement behind a major conflict creates an emotional momentum that makes it involved. The human element makes the context necessary to give it a perspective, which is what Ang Lee provides in the 'Ride Vith the Devil', a civil war drama focusing on personal difficulties in a wider view of the war itself. and by the way he is able to include the examination of one of the bloodiest sections of the war, the notorious attack on Lawrence, Kansas, by Kuantrill and his robbers, which he manages to objectively display from the Confederation. In 1863, the influence of the Union dominated the state of Kansas, and even across the border in neighboring Missouri, those with confederate loyalty increasingly faced the attacks of the north, especially without the help of what could be regarded as any "regular" confederate troops. And when things start to warm up around their city, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobei Maguire) form their band and join the conflict, doing damage to the Union's cause wherever possible. Jack Bull and Jake do not like war and do not like killing; but they are in favor of what they believe to be right. However, there are others, even among them, young men like Pete McKeson (Jonathan Rhis-Meiers), who will use the conflict as a means of personal gain and an excuse to express their violent nature through unnecessary brutality, committed in many cases against the innocent victims. And so, for Jack Bull and Jake, as well as for many similar to them, it becomes a time in which loyalty and moral judgments will be seriously tested; a time in which their souls will be relaxed in the blood. And they will have to ride with the devil himself, against apparently insurmountable chances. Like all his films, director Ang Lee is approaching his story through a prodigious but subtle overview of traditions, cultural heritage. aspects and moral attitudes of people and time he describes. And in this way, Lee gives the audience at least some understanding of their subject matter that goes beyond the actual story and ultimately offers, perhaps, a deeper understanding of the motivations that trigger his characters and the drama they engage in. Whether tradition and customs are responsible for the relationship between father and his daughters ('Eat Drink Man Voman'), the effects of class distinction ('Sense and Sensibility'), the honor and code of the warrior living and dying. ('The Covert Tiger, a hidden dragon') or moral ambiguity triggered by the lack of all of the above ('The Ice Storm'), Lee introduces his films into the human conditions that lead them to a higher level. This film is no exception; and (like all his films), Lee presents his story with a breath-taking film (in this film, Frederick Elmes, who also performed greatly "The Ice Storm"), under his leadership, nothing less than visual. poetry. It's that special Lee touch, which adds a sane, reflective sense to every story you are talking about, which is one of the elements that make his films so memorable. Like Jake, Tobey Maguire initially brings a sense of youthful innocence to a film that so effectively contrasts with the mood that he later broadcasts as the story unfolds, and his character along with it. Most importantly, Maguire convincingly and convincingly responds to the events taking place around him, which contributes to the credibility of the entire film and underlines the realism of the presentation: His stoic acceptance of death and news of "murdered" in various battles and battles; the moral correctness they encounter, even in these difficult times; a betrayal that, due to the nature of the conflict, is almost usual; and the loyalty and beliefs that he and his companions hold firmly. All this is what Maguire achieves with its effect, and this is not a little achievement. However, this is the type of study, underestimated, which is often taken for granted, which is unfortunate; this work deserves recognition and needs to be recognized. Skeet Ulrich is as efficient as Jack Bull, and Jevel (in his movie debut) turns into an interesting show like Sue Lee Shelley. Jeffrey Wright, however, stands out in a significant supporting role as Daniel Holt, as well as Jonathan Rhis-Meiers, which puts his role at risk to Pita. Also, Mark Ruffalo leaves an indelible impression with very little time on the screen. Supported composition includes James Caviezel (Black John), Simona Baker (George Clide). ), Tom Guiri (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brovn), John Ales (Kuantrill), John Judd (Otto Roedel) and Kathleen Varfel (Mrs. Chiles). A civil war will always be open to a nationwide wound; but, hopefully, as time passes, it will be through objective contemplations of filmmakers such as Ang Lee and movies like 'Ride Vith the Devil' that will ultimately help to close the split and promote healing. In the light of recent events, this is something that is very necessary around the world. Film is a powerful medium; it can be educational and fun, and in the future, more filmmakers, such as Ang Lee, may also accept and promote a sense of unity through a delicate picture of events and attitudes that make us as we are. 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
