Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous films included Sense and Sensibility and The Ice Storm, turned to the American civil war for his latest feature. Based on the novel by Daniel Voodrella, he follows the exploits of a group of southern guerrillas, known as killers, as they battle their northern equivalents, the jayawakers in the Missouri submarine. , has many visceral actions, but the focus is on the tension that the war put on the young men who fought - many of them fought against their former neighbors and even their families. Jake Roedel (Tobei Maguire) is such a man, that is, a boy, because he is only seventeen when the war arrives to Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his compatriots and becoming a Unionist, he joins his long-time friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and rides with the killers. Despite the lack of acceptance due to its origin and unwillingness to participate in the murder of unarmed people from the Union, it remains loyal to that goal. Like his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Vright), a black slave who released another bushwacker and is fighting for the South. the affinity of the action and gives this film a sense of the reality of the war - long periods of boredom and waiting with occasional flashes of intensely intimidating struggles. The action is unsatisfactory and wonderful, recognizing that both sides committed a large number of crimes. The performances are great, and Maguire and Vright are both brave and dignified. The upcoming Irish actor Jonathan Rhis Meiers is particularly cold as a cold-blooded killer, while Skeet Ulrich is pleasing and arrogant. Lee never gives up on the reality of the war, but his actors perform the amazing work of showing the good that comes from him - the growth of friendship, demonstrations of courage and, in a wider sense, the emancipation of oppressed peoples. Ride Vith the Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate movie that regularly shocks, but always drives the audience.
