In anticipation of the new Ang Lee film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", I saw it in the blockbuster and thought I would try it. A film about a civil war is not a typical movie I watch. Luckily, I had a good feeling about this director. This film is beautifully written. The dialogue is in the old southern style, but it does not sound cowardly and unreasonable. Spectacular acting helped this aspect of the film. Tobi Maguire was great. I thought it was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here it shines. I always thought Skeet Ulrich was a good actor (but nothing special), but it's also great here. The big shock for me was Jevel. She was incredibly good. Jeffrey Vright, for whom I have never heard before, is also great in this film. It seems to me that great acting and brilliant writing and directing go hand in hand. A bad-writing movie makes the actors look bad and vice versa. This film had the perfect combination. Actors look great and character development is spectacular. This movie keeps you in the desire and hopes for good things for some, but bad for others. This allows you to truly get to know the characters, which are very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex, and it keeps you on the edge of the seat, you are guessing and ready for anything at any time. Literally, dozens of times I was sure that someone would be killed in the quiet parts of the film that were "too quiet" (brilliant direction). This was also a wonderful movie. The landscape was not taking breath (It's in Missouri and Kansas for the sake of charity), but there was obviously a lot of attention dedicated to the selection of great natural settings. It has this rugged and rugged feeling, but it retains elegance, which is very pleasing to the eyes. The film was deep. It told the story, and in this way led you to think. He had layers below that story of a civil war. In particular, he focused on two characters who were not quite sure what they were fighting for. There were many deeper problems in this film, there were too many. It was like a beautifully written short story, full of symbols and artistic supplements that leave you thinking about the time and after the story ends. If you love great acting, writing, lots of action and some of the best directives ever, take a look at this movie! Take a chance on that.
