Approximately 9 out of 10 for the film director will continue to admire. But do not look at this movie that expects to "have fun." Ang Lee takes an objective view of the relatively unexplored aspect of the civil war. What's beautiful in the film, like all Lee's films, is that he does not "face" his characters. He creates characters, embody them with life, problems and ambiguities ... and gives them a reality that often strikes far closer to the home than many are comfortable. This film has an action, but not for action lovers, because violence is deeply disturbing and far from free ... ie. Like the characters, that's real. And as you would expect from one of the most horrifying wars of humanity, violence is terrible. But as a research of a greater human ambiguity that certainly lived in a civil war, it's a masterpiece. Is the war on slavery and abolitionism? It seems that Lee is quite ready to blur that line that has become so popular in pictures such as Blue and Gray. However, it is not idealism, as seen in Gone vith the Vind. It's about freedom, about the desire to have something that's yours and to fight for it. As you watch the characters, you will be asked "how can they fight for the preservation of slavery?" The fact is that I do not think they are, and that the film shows the problem that many were caught in the whirlwind of civil war. The fact is obvious that many of the characters we are learning are struggling from the sense of loyalty to the "home", although they may never have questioned what the home is or whether they really are in favor of its values. Scenes with letters are very mobile and yet subtle. Jake and Daniel are other examples of loyalty that stretch to the limits. And when the tension finally falls, and these characters suddenly become "free" ... we see the birth of new people. All this is involved in Lee's wonderful adapting of the human environment with beautiful views and frames. Li has a style that is his, somehow European in his "art" (slow camera, unpredictable), Asian in his epic and story development, and yet somehow known and easily accessible to so many people in North America. Relax, get rid of your prejudices about what the Civil War is, what is "Western" as a genre, what a war film should be ... and allow Ang Lee to take you into the world so fragile, so hard, so realistic he can see us a little bit. In this, Lee continues what he did in Ice Storm. Again, the film is slow and without a visible "direction" ... a sure sign of Lee's ability to direct without "imposing" on a story or screen. His direction reinforces what he brings from Jevel (yes, singer), an unprecedented actress who puts an incredible performance. Film for those who love the movie and are not fans of the standard Hollywood ep.
