Twice I watched this movie on DVD, and both times I was not impressed with my unique impartial attitude. It looks more like an overview of reality than most other Hollywood menus, especially on the topic that is still being debated. Although it keeps close to the southern perspective, it does not call into question, and ultimately the sole punishment is that the war is lost, regardless of everything, and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <What really makes this movie an extraordinary refusal to dramatize. Today, really good films (in short) are a little and very distant, while the main ride is favorable (if you do not have great expectations), but it's terribly commercial. I think this film appears as a really good movie (without being a masterpiece), because it keeps itself and gives the viewer the opportunity to watch and analyze it, instead of trying to bomb him with effects and emotions in order to erase his intelligence. This film is a cool, cautious and generally easy arm in its judgment, which is GOOD. The story has its own flaws, especially the character of Jevel's suspicion, but the situation at that time was so chaotic that it might have been logical for a young widow to return to normal life, even so which will freely take every next man. However, it does not disappoint as weak, in fact I think that it is one of the stronger characters, it always controls relationships, and men only signify. And I am very grateful that she is not a paid widow. I believe that in the 19th century the death of a loved one was more normal than now. You could easily die even from minor illnesses and injuries, so that the possibility of someone dying, and certainly causing grief, did not traumatize people like now. People did not seem to build shrines about their lost ones as they do now, and I like that attitude. My recommendation is that intelligent people watch this movie, if they feel like something different from the usual Hollywood dishes. Do not look if you want a continuous action or emotions that rent a heart.
