One of the less widely praised recent action actions from the Asian period, Goyoe, is initially slow and often curious, but generally quite excellent offer, exciting, layered and beautiful. I'm sorry to say that I have to know that I do not know any of the Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and legend that surrounds this film, so my deeper meanings are lost, but even without contextual knowledge, it is still rich food, taking the traditional structure of fantasy in , hit the higher plane. The story is about Benkea, a warrior monk, and perhaps a demon who seeks enlightenment by destroying the demon of the Goyoe Bridge: Prince Shanao, who himself is a mortal seeker for his higher plan, but this time the power of a demon. Thus, the film becomes a matter of illusions and Benke's case, indecision, the conflict in which the real goal of self-knowledge is, that Benkei reconcile with his true nature, and that Prince Shanao face the nature he wants to become. Benkei is even more disturbed by the fact that his dark nature is fundamentally disagreeable with the world, even when he is not in an open conflict, he never relaxes. Director Sogo Ishii manages this as an epic, with measured speed, working with cameras always stylishly and often flaunting, not neglecting the need for more soothing moments in order to dive the site, there is also a great use of lighting and fog to give an ethereal atmosphere, there is air fantasy for most of the film, but beyond apparently supernatural moments, this is a dull and dirty fantasy with more periods falling from fantasy flights. Cinema Makoto Vatanbe is an important, vivid and detailed, richly evocative affair. Daisuke Riu is dignified and powerful with mysterious savagery like Benkei, while Tadanoob Asano has an incensed, cold arrogance like Prince Shanao. Masatoshi Nagas rounds things up as an ordinary man, smart and cynical, but still unaware of exactly what they are. The film fits well, but sometimes it's loose, it starts slowly, some shots are a little extracted, and the epic scene of the fight sometimes goes beyond what is necessary. Since the fight is recorded with frenetic rather than real moves, it has an artistic influence, but it can disappoint ordinary action fans, often sheltered by objects, glittering knives and fast-moving individuals, turning their deadly force through their opponents. , it is refreshing to watch, but in the end I could do with a little more traditionalism. There are some unfortunate bloodshed, which act in the context, but still disturb. All in all, although I found this to be a pretty good movie, it is not for regular action fans or fans of fencing who are looking for another Azumi, but for a deeper and mystical beast, and his ending will not be particularly good with the fans of more generic wings. such a fare. But as far as I'm concerned, it really affected the site and for those who are more adventurous, it could do it. It is recommended in every case.
