This film is rated as one of the top 10 films of all time. Many people who see it for the first time and know little about many of the topics in the movie probably will not understand why it's so enchanting to me so I will try to explain ... The film is very rich in historical details and cultural insights , and although there are several smaller anachronisms, they are completely forgiving. The story is a story about the famous duel between monk Benkei and young prince Ioshitsunea on the Goyo bridge. During the legendary battle, Ioshitsune is the most successful Benkei and the monk becomes the prince's loyal companion. This film is a revision of this story, but it includes war, dark prophecy, and political maneuvering. One of the main themes in the film is "Mappo", which is the Buddha's prophecy that after 1000 years of his learning will fail and the world will fall into chaos. In Heian Japan, after the eruption of the Fuji Mountains and the civil war between Taire (Heike) and Minamot (Genji), it was believed that the world would fall into anarchy and everything would collapse. It's the time of the demon. Then follows the way in which the film addresses the issue of Ioshitsune's training by Tenku (Gavlin's Ravens) from Karuma. Defeated clans often fled to the mountains and disguised themselves as demons in order to scare local residents. They say it's a place where ninjas clans began historically. Ioshitsune's display in Goya fits nicely into all this. Then there is Benkei and various types of Buddhism are depicted, including the many esoteric Buddhas of the Shingon sect. All of this is pretty precisely presented and only to add a little more, the film succeeds in transferring the power of meditation and Ki energy in a way that makes it integral to the story, i.e. It uses magical realism to add an additional dimension, but it does so tactically and predominantly. All in all, it is filled with fascinating delicacies and rings surprisingly true for this period. Scenography and costing are also completely inevitable and very authentic. Soundtrack is excellent, very dark and evil. I also thought that the current acting performances were surprisingly good. Benkei is a great dark anti-hero, Shanao (Ioshitsune) is portrayed as a young man who tests his boundaries and is increasingly drinking his own power, and Tetsukichi blacksmith blacksmith blacks make an interesting presentation of "an ordinary man" and his less than a flattering opinion about the killers They love their social better. As for the plot, in order to see why it is so good, I really suggest you dig up an old book on Japanese history and see how this conviction turns the almost carefree story of Robin Hood and Little John into a bloody story of intrigue , violence and hellish karma.
