It seems that Ogre did not get a very good reputation since it was released in 1988, and I guess the reason for this may be the fact that he got the subtitle 'Demoni 3' to help him sell better. . The film is directed by Lamberto Bava; The man behind the first two films about the Demons and the ogres and demons are somewhat similar (in each case they are both "monsters") ... but in addition, this film has nothing to do with the other two films. However, it's pretty good! Italian filmmakers are known for ripping popular movies, and although this is not entirely obvious; It seems to me that this one has taken a considerable influence from Hellraiser. The action focuses on the writer Horroor who moves to his castle in Italy with his husband and son. She was persecuted by her childhood memories and she found Ogre who lives in her cellar. It was not long after they moved into the castle before these visions were returned ... and this could be more than just a coincidence, because she believes that a killing giant lives in the basement. The film was apparently captured on the budget and made for Italian television, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; but for what it is, this is certainly a very decent movie horror. Lamberto Bava may not have such a sharp eye as his father Mario; but it takes time to build an atmosphere of prediction that really complements the movie. The central environment, the great castle, makes the perfect place for this story and Lamberto does the best of it; even if it occasionally involves the discovery of top movies; such as Basin scene in Inferno style. The action itself is not as good as the atmosphere, because several scenes are drawn too long and the relationship between the characters is rather strange (especially between husband and wife). There are not many bloodsheds, but Bava does not deal with special effects. Ogre looks really stupid and it's a good job not to see him often. We tend to be suitable, if it is very predictable, finishing and all in all, I must say that this film is much better than expected and comes recommended.
