All right, before we review, I have to ask: why is it not mentioned individually? Maybe it was just a TV attachment in Italy, but international fans Lambert Bava this is his own FILM. In America, this film was distributed on VHS and DVDs like "Ogre" or "Demons 3". Yes, I know that it has nothing to do with "Demons" except for one team member and team. But yes, I personally was upset that it was so hard to find on this site that is so useful. Finally, let's look at "Ogre". I've seen a story about this many times on iouTube, and I honestly thought it was pretty scary. The film itself (this is a feature film, which makes it a film) has many very strong parts and is able to scare. The last act was unhappy, but in general I do not regret that I bought the DVD before I saw it (available from Shriek Shov). I guess TV films explain the last act. I will not give any spoilers. The action is somewhat familiar: the American horror writer who goes to an ancient spooky castle with his wife and son, just to find it, resembles her nightmares from childhood. There are bad echoes "The Shining", but this is a different brand of supernatural horror. The wife (Virginia Briant) finds more and more evidence that this is the real living space of her nightmares, but her husband will not believe her. Great atmosphere and fear followed. More sequences of nightmares were quite weird. The effect of the Ogre Choke was good, he reminded me of the resurrection of Uncle Frank from the first "Hellraiser". There are also some good shots and a well-made underwater scene. I give them props that the film never stood on the imitation of American films with similar concepts, which is the "Nightmare on the Elm Street". "Ogre" is the original. And only the monster was scary, when properly presented. On Shriek Shov's DVD, there is an interview with Lambert Bava in which he carefully mentions that this is not part of his classic "Demons" series. He also gives a lot of thanks to the real trap in which the film was filmed. Indeed, this setting greatly contributes to the film. The music of Simon Boswell also helps. There are lots of good things here. "Ogra" is not perfect, but it is very worth watching. Take it for the lesser reach of Lambert Bava.
