To anyone who has not seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: do not look at "La Casa dell'Orco" expecting any demons because you will not find them here. This film is not the third sequel to the series "Demons" and has nothing to do with it, except that it was directed by Lamberto Bava. In fact, Michele Soavi "The Church" is also known as unofficial "Demons 3" and that's also a misleading title in that case, so go. It is obvious that the success of the films "Demons"; they tried to deceive the audience with misleading titles, although it is obvious that this is an unrelated story. On the other hand, I think it is unfair to say that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth a look. Frankly, the movie is pretty atmospheric and although there are several unintended hardships, I thought it was truly creepy. Still, I think it's fair to say that the story is somehow trying to mimic Lucio Fulci "House next to a cemetery." Of course, that's just the speculation I have, but I think I have valid evidence. For example, in both films, Paolo Marco is a man of the family, there is an irritating little son named Bobbi in both films, in both films, the woman in the house is a beautiful thirty and something, which seems to be the only one to see that in the new house something it's not right, and in both films something is really, really wrong in the basement. I'm sorry, but I can easily connect both films and I do not say that as an accusation. On the contrary, my point is that those who enjoyed the "House at the cemetery" will probably enjoy this film, bearing in mind, of course, that "La Casa dell'Orco" is far less pretentious, less intimidating, not just atmospheric, but The formula is still there. In "La Casa dell'Orco", Charel, her husband Tom and their little son, Bobbi, go on vacation in an old abandoned castle, located in the heart of the Italian villa Trifiri. Leaving aside the beauty of the place, shortly after their arrival, Charel begins to feel she was previously there, which is impossible, since she had never been before in Trifree. Unfortunately, Charel can not overcome her deja vu, and the worst is that her visions come with a picture of the terrible creature that goes after her. Tom, who at first is not patient, advises her to leave senseless hallucinations and enjoy her vacation. However, women's visions become more and more real, and the peace and quiet they were supposed to enjoy suddenly turn into a living nightmare. The old nightmare from Charela's childhood becomes real and this time he will not be able to escape without facing this predatory giant. As expected, the plot in some way turns out to be a little simplified and as a consequence it is difficult to fill an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a few sequences, except the complete silence and image of the protagonist, a few minutes walking down the castle, reviving the images of your childhood and nothing else. It gets pretty tedious from time to time, but everything is nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films that came out in the late 1980s, this film is quite modern and effective, but it also offers a nice selection of unintentionally entertaining moments, which make the movie somehow unforgettable. For example, the part in which Charel brutally murmured his husband and instead of going to her bedroom crying as he expected, struck him against him by hitting him hard and escaping into a forest like a maniac. The funniest thing, however, is the fact that two minutes later a happy couple again, as if competing with one another, was the most natural thing in the world. I know it's stupid, but I considered it absolutely funny. Ogre (who is obviously a loser of the story) looks creepy and funny at the same time, and face it: a criminal who can scare us and make us laugh, is twice as welcome. He reminded me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller", but much more natural and human, of course. But if we focus on the really good aspects I mentioned earlier: the music composed by Simon Boswell is one of the strongest points, and even if it is almost always the same, it fits perfectly and helps to create a rather dark atmosphere in moments. voltage. So, if I have to give the last statement on this film, I must say that I can not dislike her, including the minor disadvantages and the majority of people who enjoy typical Italian horror films from the late eighties, have won. Do not be disappointed with this. There are all typical and always well received clichés, like a crazy old man who actually speaks the truth, cunningly a local woman who is said to be a witch, a creepy castle, a huge dark basement with terrible secrets and local people who try to prevent tourists from hostile ones keep away from the notorious countries. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs up and a blow on your husband's face, as a way to pay homage heroin stories. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy.
