For such films as 'Anchors Aveigh', few of them have been awarded with so many awards for the Oscars in warming up for the happi hour. Or in 1945, it was surrounded by years for a good movie, or they still suffered the shock of the Lost Weekend, Billy Wilder, writing anything starting with A on the ballot for the best picture to satisfy the faithful public. Since Gene Kelly was nominated for this show instead of his role in 'Singin' in the rain, 'then something had to be wrong with the installation systems behind the scene in MGM. Of course, the studio is at its best during this highly praiseworthy tour of the big studios and Hollivood itself, convenient to those who stayed on the other side of the world. Still, a souvenir musical The brilliant talents of Gene and Frank Sinatra are certainly a fun farce, despite the need for more people to look at musical reviews so today's audience would not be stunned by unnecessary time. There were many more pieces before and after, but in this case all the charming scenes of Kathryn Grayson could be eliminated. Until watching 'Kiss Me Kate' it may have been necessary for non-operative enthusiasts to watch any of her remote control films in their hand. If it was necessary to meet women in 1949 on 'On the Tovn', then maybe happy sailors on the coast do not have to promise an audition with Jose Iturbi and hit the piano for "Susie". There are few people who are lucky enough to get a screen test in MGM gold studios. Some of them are even happier to pay attention to them. There is no regret about what can be said about successful tests with Susan Abbot or Kathryn Grayson, but she hopes the uninterrupted enthusiasts will hope that any pink slider will be shared by both. But for all, the talents of stars are good forms and above the average estimate embedded with a small but amusing big navy story interwoven with young ambitious navies good for late burst war morals, makes `Sidre at least not compromise the selection of the wrong MGM film. The direction is held while the actors carry a story in a beautiful color. Whenever someone enters a music or song, the film is for a joyful occasion. The natural highlight of the film is the cartoon adventure of Jenny Kelly in a fantastic country, which is experiencing the climax in a brilliant dance with Jerry's mouse. This is a deserved masterpiece for Kelly's career, and it's nice to know that he thought about it before Fred Astaire started dancing on the walls and ceilings. It's not just sitting up to a triple flavor. , long sprinkled, chocolate waffle, cream and cherry and banana split sundae, but this is a square solid sugar cloth that is somehow eventually melted in the mouth and in spite of injustice, it is still a pleasant feeling. Rating: 7/10
