"Anchors Aveigh" is a product of MGM's classic music production, and is the movie a wholesome pleasure? good music by Jule Stine and other, great dance by Gene Kelly (and even the transient work of Frank Sinatra), and a funny, well-timed scenario. The only important element I would criticize would be casting Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in the film always means that the audience will be subjected to an endless pseudo-operatic tricks of a tiny mistress. Kelly plays a navy soldier named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation around the boat as a lover, but whose Valentine's charms are continually humiliated by the presence of his less consoling friend with the incredible Middle-American name Clarence (Sinatra). After receiving 3 days of going to the coast to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find the girl on the basis of a suspicious premise that she owes him something to save his life. They were made by a police officer (Rags Ragland), who needed help to address a young man (Dean Stockvell) who wants to join the Navy to return home to "Aunt Susan" (Graison). At first, Clarence is interested in getting married "Aunt Susan," but in the end, Kellie's character appears as a more likely candidate. There are several prominent musical scenes, but nothing that could be approached by Kellie's more famous works in films like Singin in the Rain and American in Paris. The closest thing we get is a giant sequence with Kellio's character in a fantasy sequence that dances with Jerry, a Tom and Jerry mouse (although it seems closer to the size of a dog or cat than a mouse). It's a staggering sequence for its time, but it does not have enough complexity or emotions to really withstand the test of time. In fact, I enjoyed parts of the sequence that took place before the animation, where Kelly used semi-ballet moves to emphasize the transition to the fantasy world and where we see him dancing with a tunnel that looks like something from "Alice" in the Land of Miracles. In the end, the characters find the way to Susanna's favorite bar, a little disinfected Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana. The patrons there happily allowed Mrs Grayson to leave her aria with abandonment, and the management became very excited about the opportunity Clarence and Joe spread to Of course, they never met their "friends" Iturbi and they spend a lot of the length of the film trying to reach it (in the entertainment scene, the Sinatren character meets Iturbi, but he sins it for a piano tuner and invites him to leave the pianos and try a professional career), sneaking into studio and Hollivood Bovl, where Iturbi trains the surreal symphony made by dozens of young pianists? you did not see anything similar outside the "1000 Fingers of Dr. T". Is Iturbi himself some kind of divine figure in the story? it represents an opportunity for salvation from hard work and opportunities for fame and the artistic achievement of heroin. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbe is heard by Mrs. Grayson, her operatic career will be a reality. The three primary characters desperately want to come and think that he is some sort of distant and distant mythological figures? much of the charm and humor of the film comes from the contrast of this perception to the very "real" maestro maneuver. Speaking of Iturbi's contributions to the film, he also provides a very stimulating musical moment with his orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade". When everything is said and done, this is a movie that nobody enjoys musicals will want to miss. Most of the music is written for this movie, which is a good contrast to recycled sounds for other Kelli songs such as "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still at its earliest peak, adventurous and noisy in her dancing and character interpretation. Sinatra's voice was never in better shape and rarely had better songs to sing. Stockvell is a charming addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is pleased when not on the scene. Iturbi adds a well-grounded but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic MGM musical. This is one of the best.
