Although in my opinion this is one of the smaller musical stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Graison and director George Sidnei, smaller music featuring anyone in this band is nothing to sneeze, and together with the setup, the anchors make a good movie despite his drawbacks. Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively two navies. When the film starts, they are just returning to the Los Angeles area for the necessary rest. Brady plans to visit a girl named Lola. Dulitl is still a bit wet behind his ears, well-suited, and looks for advice on women from Brady in privacy (publicly, scriptwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney have all the people of the Navy comically exaggerate their fines with women to each other). Brady promises to help Doolittle descend, but primarily because Doolittle will not leave him alone. A kink is put in their plans when the local police force them to help with a young boy who is obsessed with the navy. He will not give the police any information about who he is and where he lives. Brady helps, and he and Doolittle end up the boy home. When the boyfriend's guard, Susan Abbott (Graison) finally appears, Dulitl goes to her. Brady tries to convince him to forget about her; Brady just wants to go back to Lola. But they are constantly getting into Abbot's home, and finally, something of a form of love triangle. Things are becoming more complicated when Brady is lying about Doolittle who knows the famous musician Jose Itworthy, who is in the film studio, and claims that Dulitl has set an audition for Abbott, who is a singer and actress, in front of Iturbi. Because of the story, music is a strange combination of militaristic music - because of the Navy's premise, obviously, the Broadway Pop - what the stars sing in more informal settings, the opera - what Abotov character, the popular classical Liberacea - what Iturby did and Mexican music - because Abbott visits a Mexican restaurant in the Mexican part of LA The combination does not work as well as it can. A lot of songs are good, and everyone involved is definitely talented as a singer or musician, but the jump in the genre tends to lose coherence. Even worse, there are several showcases for Iturba, who at that time was obviously a great star, who effectively stopped the action and now looks more than a little hockey. I just watched another movie that had exceptional music, Robert Altman's Kansas City (1996), but it was a wrong stop to plot to turn into a concert movie periodically. Anchors Aveigh has a similar tactic. Yes, this is a musical, but there is a difference between the songs they are running and which are an integral part of the action and concert showcases that look like a material for contractual obligations. There are some problems with complication. It's not very well established why Brady is so against Dulit's quest for Abbott. We can assume that Brady thinks Doolittle should not interfere with someone who has to take care of the child, which seems relatively "right" and traditional, but on the other hand, Brady can say that Doolittle does not have the same wedding schedule that Brady acknowledges. Abot seems to fit well into the Dulitlt, and besides, Lennart works hard to find that Brady just wants to pull Dulitl out of his hair and continue to meet with Lola - it seems that Brady's character should quickly push Doolittle on each candidate, whether it fits well or not. This may look like a small detail, but it's actually a hinge for roughly a third to half of the action. The story also appears to be slightly drawn out. Length is a problem. Anchor Aveigh, which lasted about two hours and twenty minutes, were to be cut in at least half an hour. The above stated certainly sounds like I'm too sorry for the movie to justify 8. I just wanted to emphasize what I see as a flaw because conventional wisdom on the Aveira Aveigh is much closer to the idea that there is no flaw. Sinatra, Kelli and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separate and together. They turn to good, interesting performances. Sinatra looks and works much younger than her actual age of 29 years ?? 30 during shooting. He plays an unusually naive, virgin character - completely different from most of the roles he would later take, and different from his public image as a singer. For Kelly, this was his breakthrough movie, and that's right. His choreography is diverse and impressive, as well as his acting. Graison is charming, her performance is sophisticated and underestimated, and she is simply beautiful. All this helps to overcome the flaws with the script and paced pacing. And there is even a very interesting element that is probably just because Sydney was allowed to expand through a large number of moods - the notorious Kelly dance with Jerry Mish (from "Tom and Jerry" fame) in expanded fantastic sequence. This is one of the earliest examples of combining live action and animation, and is extremely well made and pleasant as you are a fan of fantasy. Fantasy sequences tend to be the best of the movie. Excellent to dance with Jerry Mouse is a long number of songs and dances with Kellie and Grayson, where Brady imagines Abbot on the scene from the film period, while dragging it, resorting to acrobatic acrobatics to physically come to her, she stands on a high balcony. As the film is uneven and wrong, it is largely successful and fun to watch. Classical music lovers certainly should not miss Anchors Aveigh, and should not be fans of the Sinatra, who will get a pretty good blow from his character.
