This movie (such as Astaire ROIAL VEDDING - shown after him at Turner Classic NetWork last night) is famous for one of the music sequences that Gene Kelly has won in the record: Like Fred Astaire dancing with a clothes rack and later dancing around the walls and the ceiling of the room, this film had Jenny Kelly dancing in a comic book with Jersey Mouse. The sequence is beautifully done. What is forgotten is that Kelly tells a story behind a cartoon starring Dean Stockwell and his colleagues at school during the break in the day, and sets the stage for sequencing by putting Stockvell and others close their eyes and imagining a pastoral background type. Kelly even changes the navy blues that actually wears a white "Pomeranian" navy uniform with blue stripes on it. Jerry Mouse works more than playing with Gene. He actually speaks - first he did not repeat many decades. In the end, Tom Cat puts himself in his right place - Tom appears briefly as a batler of King Jerry, trying to cheer him up with a plate of cheese. But the order of caricature with Kelly lasted about seven minutes. Movie. Far more than this strange film, Kellie's story about a lost four-day Hollivood leave took over, and Kelly ends the encounter with Katherine Graison and (together with Frank Sinatra), joining Jose Iturbi in the MGM film studio, Hollivood Bovl and Iturbi's Own Home. Except that the two sailors do not know that this movie will be harmful, this film could have been quite disturbing. Kelly saved the Sinatra life in the Pacific and as a result received a medal. Both are among crew members in California who receive a four-day vacation. But script writers (in order to launch what would be a short film - Kelly plans to spend four days in sex with a "Lol", an uninvited girl in Hollivood, saddle of Gene with Frank. Frank looks like Frank one of those idiots who appear on the film after filmmakers' films (especially musical comedies) that are socially undeveloped and who need an "instruction" to meet girls (or guys if characters are women). Frank insists that Gene help him "to teach him how to get a girl. "Just then a cop leads them to the headquarters who would help policemen with a little boy (Stockvell) who insists on joining the navy (and will not give police officers his real name and address.) When Kelly is able to get information from Stockvell asking him some sort of real questions (which the police could not ask) , insist that Kelly take the boy home to his aunt (Graison). Still protesting, Kelly becomes overwhelmed with ever more complicated problems (mainly due to the Sinatra's simple view of the soul). He missed him that the next day he saw Lola by sleeping late - Sinatra felt so sleeping that he did not wake him up. He is constantly dragging into Grayson's house, as Sinatra feels that she is a real woman for herself, but she needs to train Kelly in love. I guess my presentation of the action might disturb the fans ANCHORS AVEIGH, but I consider this story to be irritating. While singing and dancing and concert music by Kellio, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbii are the first stage, it is embarrassing to seriously grasp the idiots of someone like the Sinatra character. In the real world, Kelli would beat him at the beginning to follow him at the start of a four-day absence-what right should he insist (as Sinatra does) that someone who saves their lives should help him learn how to date? Such kind of shit always destroys the overall effects of musical for me - unless the music numbers are so superior to make me forget this kind of stupidity. The taking of Iturbia is also boring. Kelly tries to tell Grayson she loves Sinatra when she says that Sinatra can give her a meeting with Jose Iturbi on the audition of her singing skills. For most of the rest of the picture, Sinatra and Carlie try to do it, and they continue to fight (at one point - without really good reason - Grayson herself destroys Kellie's attempt to get an interview with MGM with Iturbi). It is only pure happiness (which Iturbi regrets for the disgraceful Grayson) to give him an audition for her talent. Kelly, by the way, ends with Grayson. The Sinatren Consciousness is not able to help her see Iturbia's embarrassment to torture him (but does not pull Kelly into it, which is strange) and in the meantime accidentally stumbles into a waitress (Pamela Britton) from her native Brooklyn. And, of course, without the help of Kelly, Sinatra and Britton, they fall in love. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not necessarily "scriptwriter"!
