The United States was still fighting in the Second World War (the film was released between the VE and VJ days). Every studio worthy of salt was either making combat movies where fearless American soldiers beat their enemies, or the Americans generally sang and danced. Technicolor Musicals is what America progressed on depressing days when everything was rational. Most musicals on that day were just a bunch of musical numbers related to the best available action that slipped to fill the time to the next music number! Now I have the feeling that the people who viewed this film were all born after the 1970s. Depressed how quickly we forget. This movie could be called "Search for Jose Iturbi", but now everyone is wondering why. Let me explain. From 1929 - his arrival in America - until his death in 1980, Iturbi was one of the best pianists who excelled in the concert scene. He agreed to do several films in 1942, but Hollivood followed him for almost a decade at that time. Not only an excellent pianist, but a successful conductor, Iturbi has been a household for more than 40 years. The scene where Iturbe and 17 other pianists play one of Liszt's Rapsodies is planned early - and has not anyone ever noticed that all pianists are children? Joe Pasternak, who produced the film and many other MGM musicals, attributed to Iturbie an interesting American youth in classical music. Grayson's desire for audition with Itburi in the film was not similar to real life at that time. Then everyone wanted Iturba. The joke among the soldiers was that "GI" meant "Get Iturbi" (he has many concerts in military bases). Gene Kelly was an excellent dancer, and Frank Sinatra was a great singer, but at the time this movie was made Sinatra was barely 30 and was contracted with Columbia Records for four years. Kelly was already known as a dancer, but Iturbi had been a worldwide sensation for more than 20 years. As for the lack of complications, the Americans did not need a conspiracy. They were tired of the war, they were sick of fear for their loved ones and worried about the future. They needed happiness and hope and the conviction that things would end up well in the end. They needed music and a smile, joy and romance. This movie and other similar films have delivered what was needed. Lots of lectures. Mouse dances aside, the best scene in the film is between Sinatra and Iturbi, each of which "ignorantly" complements other people's music. If you have interest in Jose Iturbi, a Spaniard who has won more than America from De Sota, Cortez and De Leon together, please sign out to my site, www.joseiturbi.com, where you can find a short summary, clips from movie reviews "days" and pictures from this and some other MGMs. musicals from the 1940s, as well as biography and discography Iturbija. Trout
