In the film series Citadel Films by Gene Kelly, Anchors Aveigh is described as the king of the musical. I certainly can not do better than that. It is such an important film in the career of Gene Kelly and Frank Sinatra. Kathrin Graison did not do too much with this. Louis B. Maier lent Gene Kelly to Columbia where Harry Cohn had the inspiration to leave Kellie's own numbers and, therefore, the Cover Girl became a classic. So, if Maier did not learn a lesson, producer Joe Pasternak did and allowed Kelly's artistic control. When Anchors Aveigh ended, Fred Astaire finally had a rival in dance for monarch cinema dance. The main number everyone talks to Gene Kelly is dancing with Jerry Mouse. Initially Kelly wanted to make a number with Mickey Mouse Valt Disney, but Disney did not borrow Mickey to anyone. Mickey would have to wait until Roger Rabbit framed the movie. Do not worry because MGM had its own animated rodent, one half of the team Tom and Jerry. Kelly as a dancer always tried to make something new and different on the screen as Fred Astaire. For the next ten years, the two received all kinds of artistic control and were praised for their work, even if the films themselves were not in their hands. As if each inspired the other to a greater and better creativity, Kelli for MGM, Astaire for MGM and any number of other studies. In Anchors Aveigh, Kelly invited Sinatra to play a little. In fact, Frank Sinatra has always given recognition to Jenny Kelly showing him to be musical, as both Burt Lancaster and Montgomery Clift have acknowledged their help in gaining the Oscar for Eternity to Eternity. When Frank Sinatra had half of the contract purchased from RKO by MGM, he insisted on little artistic creativity. He became a friend with Jule Stine and Sammy Cahn. In his autobiography Sammi Cahn talks about how Sinatra insisted on writing his songs for this film. Louis B. Maier relaxed and the team wrote some really fine ballads for him to sing. One of my favorite Sinatra numbers comes from Anchors Aveigh, I'm too lazy to fall in love. Frank singing him singing himself on the piano in an empty Hollivood Bowl. Sinatra is at its best. With Jule Stine, and later Jimmy Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn greatly deserved the title to write more songs in Frank Sinatra's mouth than any other person. They were life friends, and Cahn was responsible for Sinatra with this milestone in his career. On a bet, Steen and Cahn said they could write the song only using the chromatic scale. They proved it in Anchors Aveigh when Kathrin Graison put on a soprano to work on All of the Sudden Mi Heart Sings. And she made some classical numbers. Here singing is actually the basis of the plot. Two sailors on vacation through a combination of circumstances meet with Kathryn Graison and her nephew Dean Stockvell. Trying to fix her with the Sinatra, Kelly says she can give her an audition with Jose Iturbi. The film is being spent trying to achieve exactly that. My only disappointment in Anchors Aveigh was that Pamela Britton, who plays the Brooklyn waitress, never got her number. She received delighted reviews from her performances as Meg Brockie at Brigadoon on Broadway and brought her to Hollivood. I have a suspicion that it had a number that was cut off and somewhere in MGM's vaults can still be. Anchor Aveigh is an excellent example of why musicals are no longer made. All this creative talent was under contract with Metro-Goldwin-Maier. If you would have to pay a market value for it, the price could pull the debt of some Third World countries. But the results of the film would be extraordinary.
