ANCHORS AVEIGH sees two young sailors Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklin (Frank Sinatra), who receive a special four-day vacation. Wanting to get to the girls, especially Joe's Lola, neither Joe nor Brooklin's figure at the break of the small crafty craze Donald (Dean Stockvell) and his aunt Susie (Kathrin Graison). Inexperienced in the way of females and courting, Brooklin quickly brings Joe to help him win Aunt Susie. By the way, however, Joe found himself falling on a woman he thinks belonged to his best friend. How will Brooklin take this betrayal? And does Joe end up with Susie, who also loves him? First and second time I saw ANCHORS AVEIGH, and I saw it at the same time as in the area of ​​the city, Kelly / Sinatra. Both times I felt that ANCHORS AVEIGH was a better movie in terms of design and structure - all the dances and songs fit in a complicated moment, and develop characters and story instead of hindering them. However, both times I got out of the feeling that the CITY is a better movie. Since I saw both films for the third time, I'm still on that judgment. It's kind of ON THE CITY, as a movie and a party, it's just lighter, gaier, pure and simple * happier *. The numbers are unimportant and less integral to the plot, but somehow better than all dancing and singing at ANCHORS AVEIGH. I'm not quite sure why this is so. The typical argument is that this second film is time-consuming: for almost two and a half hours it's certainly a good critique. I certainly felt the length of the first two times when I saw it! However, it is also a movie that grows on you - that you see it more, it's a shorter time and the more you value the technical mastery involved in its creation. Still, something just does not agree. The feeling is almost as if the script had overturned, and * every * one moment when Kelly could break into a dance or Sinatra in the song was recorded, and that's exactly what happened. No opportunity to wear a musical number has dropped ... and this is probably the biggest weakness of the film. It has 16 numbers (give or take a few), and no matter how great you are fan of Kelli or Sinatra, this really starts to turn around after a while. (Compare this, for example, with ten numbers in the city.) You may feel that every song, every dance, can not be taken out of the film without being left without ... and that is true. But this is also because the writers were no longer restrained in their addition. All this long preamble does not mean that nothing is good about ANCHORS AVEIGH. Musical * is * splashy with great songs that are full everywhere, such as duets between Kellie and Sinatra ('Ve Hate To Leave', 'I pray for her' and 'If you knew Susie'), singing Sinatra ('Creates a sunset ',' charm of you ', and best of all,' I'm falling in love too easily '), and no doubt always invented, always taking away the breath of Kelly's dance. It is also difficult to miss the gypsum of this caliber. Graison is cute and it seems to improve on every look (her voice becomes stunning, not frightening); The role of Jose Iturbi was written with sympathy and works great with her; even Clarence's own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, is sweet and charming ... as close as it could be to Betty Garrett, and not Garrett himself! Sinatra is sweet with those blue eyes and his embroideries, and she loves the innocent boy-man (the role he once again represents in the city). His singing, as usual, is simply flawless of pronunciation to time and frazing. His solo numbers can be slightly withdrawn, but when you have the voice of the century, that's probably a good reason to slow down the rest of the movie! Gene Kelly's genius in this movie deserves its own paragraph. Third on the list behind Sinatra and Grayson, ANCHORS AVEIGH is really Kellie's movie. His Joe Brady is convincing, the real figure - he is firm outside, dumb and willing to lie when he needs to win a woman, but he is actually the greatest soft inside. Kelly makes this charming, not playful, but also gives Joe the right edge you see on the scene when Joe chases Brooklyn over the room with a sincere killer expression on his face and his bowl in his hand. I * dance * - again, the film suffers from 'too good a thing disrupts the effect syndrome', as it does with Sinatra's singing. But once again, if Gene Kelli worked softshoe, or taped on a screen in a sailor's suit or dressed as a boss of a bandit ... maybe he would have made a mistake on the side of exaggeration! All Kellie's dances take their breath, regardless of whether it's easy to play with the Sinatra on 'I Begged Her', his 'Mexican Hat Dance' with a sweet broad-leaved girl, or his lavish dance under the influence of Spain La Cumparsita. Of course, the classic image that remains in the mind of the audience for all time would be Kelly in her red, white and blue sailor dress, dancing with Jerry Mouse from Tom & Jerry's glory. Well-deserved golden film memory, of course - it's not often that you can say that you are impressed by the special effects in the film made in 1945, given the saturation of CGI in the contemporary film market. But Gene and Jerry still look great, with Kelly always hitting points and watching exactly where she should look. It would turn out that the only people who could walk with Gene Kelly would be Kelly (in COVER GIRL) and animation for a cartoon. There is no doubt that this first bold, inventive Kelly dance with Jerry reserved a place for ANCHORS AVEIGH in film history and the hearts of classic film lovers. But it also points out that the first of the three Kelly / Sinatra film co-operation, and although quite exhausted, is still a big couple of hours of fun. First, watch, then again and maybe again - grow up on you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
