Released a few months before the end of the war, "Anchors Aveigh" is one of the main musical triumphs of Jenny Kelly for the forties? Under the leadership of George Sidney, he benefited from a pleasant result, and the best of Gene Kelly's services in his first true master role in MGM? A year ago, in Columbia's Cover Girl, he discovered an innovative approach to dance on the screen, a light but pleasant singing voice, and a significant charm in Anchors Aveigh, although written under Frank Sinatra and Kathryn Grayson, laid out a solid foundation for his the most prominent years on MGM? The story of the movie, a kind of dry drive for "On the Tovn" four years later, follows the sailors Kelli and Sinatra when they go to the coast, spend their holidays in Hollivood, where they engage in an ambitious singer (Graison) and her little nephew (Dean Stockvell ). Graison, it seems, has his heart at audition with conductor-pianist Jose Iturbi? She gets an audition, of course; Kelly gets Grayson after some misunderstanding; and Sinatra, forgot to be shy, and lost her heart to a girl from Brooklyn (Pamela Britton). But there is Gene Kelly, who dominates the movie with his pleasant personality ?? Maybe it's too much weighed, but when it's allowed to play, the film is finally picked up from the ground? "I prayed him," his early song and dance with the Sinatra, is fun and somewhat absurd, in which he imagines himself as a bandit chief in the Spanish court, courting Grayson with a glittering flamenco dance. and some sports jumps ?? He also makes a charming Mexican dance with little Sharon McManus in the Mexican township of Los Angeles. The highlight of the film is, however, Kellie's famous dance with cartoon Jerry Mouse (from "Tom and Jerry" fame). Enchanting and innovative, she skillfully combines live action and animation in her story of a sad king of the mouse who refuses to allow music in her kingdom until Kelly, a sailor in the "Pomeranian Navy," wears a striped shirt and beret, does not show how to dance? "Look at me, I'm dancing!" says the happy king of the mouse ...
