The arrival of White people in Arctic Canada provokes the freedom of an intrepid ESKIMO hunter. V. V. V. S. Van Dike, the peripatetic director of MGM, was responsible for this fascinating view of life in the Arctic among the Inuit. His production was filmed from April 1932 to November 1933 (although some boring effects of the rear projection show that some of the recordings took place in the studio). Though at that time it was considered a documentary film, we would probably call it docudrama because it was scripted with an intriguing plot and story. and actually begins in a warmer period of the year without visible snow or ice. A constant aspiration for food is shown, and the viewer sees exciting hunts for walruses, polar bears, whales and carribeurs. The mother tongue is used as a whole, using title cards; The only English language is spoken by fishermen and mountains encountered by Eskimo. In fact, it is the coming of the White people, both good and bad, and the changes they make to Eskiman society, which is one of the main elements in narration. This pre-coded movie deals with a refreshingly sincere way with the Eskim's moral code, especially with their practice of sharing women, which was an important and completely innocent part of their culture. In fact, the entire film can be regarded as a valuable view of the way of life that has rapidly disappeared in the early thirties. None of the actors gets credit, which is a shame are some noteworthy performances. The most prominent among them is Rai Vise, who plays the main role of Little Eskimo. More (1906-1952) was the Alaska origin of the Inuit origin and is absolutely delightful and perfectly convincing in a very demanding part. As handsome as any Hollywood star, he would continue to starve, using the name Rai Mala, in a sporadic film career, often in small roles. woman; The names of the fine actresses played by his other two women are now unclear. Director Voodoo Van Dike is moving ahead of the camera as a strict police inspector from the northwest. Two dignified Mounties who must surrender to Little Canadian Justice are Joe Savier and Edgar Dearing, both long-time actors of the movie character. Danish writer Peter Freuchen, whose book was based on the film, has a short live role of a captain with a wooden leg that unreasonably excites the Little Ice Wrath.
