D.V. Griffith could make any movie he wanted after the huge financial success of 'The Birth of a Nation'; he decided to make the most technically ambitious film by that date, "Intolerance". He risked such innovations in film montage and form, and resulted in a famous financial wreck. Buster Keaton does not accept such a type of risk with "Three Centuries", a parody of "intolerance". This is his first feature-length feature film (he only starred in 'The Saphead'). He had a spare plan to split three episodes in this film into three separate short films, which Griffith did with 'Netolerance'. Keaton did not have to. Chaplin has already succeeded in feature-length comedies, so if Keaton risked here, he was fully calculated. Chaplin has already made a parody on another film, also with 'Burleskue on Carmen'. (1915). It seems that Keaton alludes to this film. A handy scene in the episode of Ancient Rome points to a battle with a sword that turns into wrestling in Chaplin's movie. The comical distance from the plot of both scenes is the same. Moreover, Čaplin's film was imitated by the great style of DeMille's "Carmen", while Čaplin's film was honored with this film. Keaton does not strive to make radical editing, narrative structure or monumental nature in his parody, but he still respects 'intolerance'. At least, the stories are not uttered quite clearly as in other post-'netolerance films, such as the Dreier's List of Satan's Books (Blade af Satans God, 1921) and Fritz Lang 'Destini' (Der Mude Tod, 1921). There are some gentle leaps back and forth between the episodes. Where Keaton risked, he is still in his physical comedy. That's what Keaton inadvertently missed to jump over buildings in a modern episode. Apparently he was convinced to change the scene instead of trying again to jump. And not only Keaton risked; For example, an anachronistic baseball squad was pretty dangerous. Thus, although in a different way, Keaton, like Griffith, risked his big movie. And I think they both succeeded.
