There are not many stories about overcoming looks like Christy Brovn. Born with cerebral palsy in the 1930s in Dublin, his parents felt that his handicap was psychic and physical. Although finally diagnosed correctly, Brovn, in a family of a lower working class with almost 20 children, had to be pushed only to be valued by his family. Using his only fully functional limb, his left leg, he learned to write a line, both of the skills he has professionally developed. But what makes the film version of Brovnik's autobiography "My Left Foot" so much conviction is his humility. Both directors / writer Jim Sheridan and Star Daniel Dai-Levis managed to tell this story in a way that does not scream and recall melodramas. Unrestrained fighting and frustration scenes as well as the glorious moments of victory are the light traps of the story so amazing, but "My left foot" remains real and inspired. Dan-Levis is the easiest to highlight. Playing anyone with such serious physical defects must be a demanding task. Not only does Dai-Levis give us a very complete picture of Christi, but he also succeeds in chroning growth, improvement and internal character change at different stages of his life. He plays Christie at the age of 17 when he has limited linguistic abilities and was emotionally unstable, just as sharp as intellectually learned Christi who is struggling to fight with why he can not find non-platonic love. This second theme is the strongest in the movie and it would be nice that Sheridan and co-adapter Shane Connaughton really lose that. Regardless, Dai-Levis tells us that we understand and sympathize with all these elements, giving a performance that is so convincing that you often do not have time to think "wow, he's such a great actor." These are the most praiseworthy performances. Equally important, but through subtle means, Sheridan's work on the movie. This story speaks about everyday life and struggles. Although Christi has such a unique set of circumstances that hinder his life, his struggles are not similar to ours, and Sheridan fully understands this concept. Christie is struggling with love, parental attention, self-esteem and ability. His struggle is only physically manifested (literally and figuratively) than ours. Sheridan gives us moments that capture the spirit of a big brown family and a unique place in it. Drama naturally develops when tensions are highest and humor comes in the same way. A dinner scene when Christi finds out that his doctor / teacher - the woman he loves - marries his brother Peter, is the best example of Dai-Levis and Sheridan's efforts. Sheridan built him so well to appear when we are ready and Dai-Levis takes us from there with his amazing work. Another powerful component of the film is Brenda Fricker as Mrs. Brovn. I did not know she won Oscars, but there was something in her performances like Christie's dear mother who was just screaming Oscars. Her love for Christ and the constant struggle for him just seem so convincing and sincere, and she gets a lot of sympathy with her situation. The emotional impact of the film with regard to the story is surprisingly minimal. Maybe it was part of the victim's attempt to create a movie that feels organic human. The two of them should be calm, but I guess it's a challenge to tell a story that looks true to life and that provides enough dramatic moments to take our emotions on the slide. The decision to push this last was definitely wise for "My Left Foot". More than just the circumstances of the situation speak for themselves - they do not have to be constrained due to a serious dramatic impact. Steven C <br /> Visit my site moviemuserevievs.com for more
