I just got back from the show "My Left Foot" in our public library. What emotional experience - I feel exhausted and raised. It is a story of Christie Brovn, an Irish writer and painter, and based on the author's autobiography "My Left Foot". Kristi was born with a shape of cerebral palsy so that the only limb, which had good control, was the left leg. The doctors advised his parents that he was hopelessly mentally retarded, but his mother did not give up on him, and, as Annie Sullivan did with Helen Keller, he helped him to make progress in which he learned the alphabet, then read, wrote This film is won the Academy Awards for Danijela Dai-Levis (best actor), as well as the best supporting actress actress who plays her mother; She also received Oscars nominations for Best Picture, Best Director and Best Screenplay. As a retired clinical psychologist and family therapist, while many movies entertain me, many often leave me. fiction or impossibility in realistic psychological reactions. Not this film - was absolutely "visible" in showing typical Irish parental roles and behaviors (see, for example, see typical Irish families in McGoldrick's "Ethnicity and Family Therapy"), as well as unequal emotional maturation Christi Brovn - some immature personality responses that further strengthened his father's traits. The film represents a greater truth while changing certain sequences in his development (painting and writing) and the thickening of several important people into one A person, in order to apologize for a coherent, convincing story, is not a burden (See Christi Brovn on Wikipedia for more precision.) The DVD version we showed had some English subtitles that were of great help in understanding Christ's speech (and some Irish speech); The first release of the movie maybe it was not enough. (If you see this on DVD, enable this option.) The performance of Daniela Dai-Levis is one of the greatest, persuasive acting pieces I've ever seen. Really magnificent, remarkable, superlative. The "My Left Foot" has more than a similarity to the newer movie, "The Diving Bell & Butterfly", in which each shows the life of the right person successfully overcoming the closure and isolation of an extremely severe physical handicap. And in this way he responds with "Invictus" to the Villages Ernest Henley, who begins: "From the night that covers me, like a cave half to half, // I thank all the gods that can be // for my unbecoming soul.
