A famous film phenomenon in the late 1980s and early 1990s was the number of Oscars who acted as actors who were either physically or mentally handicapped. The first was Marlee Matlin's Prize for "Children of the Little God" in 1986, and for the next ten years, another "Best Actress" award (Holly Hunter for "Piano" in 1994) and not less than five of the best actors should have been seen. "Avards (Dustin Hoffman 1988 for" Rain Man ", Daniel Dai-Levis 1989 for" We Left Foot ", Al Pacino 1992 for" Scent of a Voman ", Tom Hanks 1994 for" Forrest Gump "and Geoffrei Rush in 1996 for" Shine ") to show people with disabilities Matlin, who played the deaf woman, is deaf, but everyone else is capable. This phenomenon at that time caused some negative comments, suggesting that these awards be given more for political correctness than for the quality of the acting. When Jodie Foster failed to win the "best actress" for Nell in 1994, some people saw it as However, it is my opinion that most of these awards were deserved. I thought that the 1992 award was supposed to be either Clinto Istvudu or Roberto Dovei, and not Pacino, but in addition, the only one I did not match it would have been Hanks, which was because I loved Nigel Havthorne's performance in The Madness of King George. " In this film, of course, Havthorne played a person who was mentally ill. "My left foot" is based on the autobiography of the Irish writer and painter Kristi Braun. Brown was born in 1931, one of thirteen children from the Dublin family of the working class. He was born with cerebral palsy and is thought to have mistakenly thought to be mentally handicapped. For a long time he was incapable of deliberate movement or speech, but eventually found that he could control the movements of one part of his body, his left leg (hence the title). He learned to write and draw, holding a piece of chalk between his fingers, and became a painter and published novelist and poet. Life in working-class Dublin in the 1930s can be tough, and the city of Jim Sheridan (Dublin's own) shows us that this is in many ways a dark, gray, rampant place, very different. from our normal idea "Emerald Isle". (Sheridan and Dai-Levis later collaborated on the second film with the Irish theme "On behalf of the Father"). Against this, however, the serenity and spirit of its people, especially the brown family, must be set. Much of Christi's success was thanks to the support he received from his parents who refused to be allowed to be institutionalized and always believed in intelligence hidden under the enriched exteriors and his brothers and sisters. We see how his brothers were driven by him in a specially made stroll and how they helped the father of the masons build Christ's room in their backyard. The film could easily slip into sentimentality and ended up as another film that warmed the heart of "the triumph over the troubles." That this is not due to several factors, mainly the magnificent acting. During his career, Dai-Levis gave several fine performances, but this, along with the recent "There Vill Be Blood", is his best. Never is less than 100% convincing as Christie; his tortured, triumphant movements and tense speech attempts persuade us to really look at a person with disabilities, although we are intellectually aware that Dai-Levis is capable. Other performances that stand out are Fiona Shav as his mentor Dr Eileen Cole, Hugh O'Connor as young Christy and Brenda Fricker as Christie's mother (who won the Best Supporting Actress award). The other reason why the film escapes sentimentality is that it does not try to sentimentalize its main character. Kristi Braun had a hard life, but it was also difficult to live, and the film gives us a portrait of "nipples and everything". He was very drunk, subjected to an ugly tongue, and prone to anger. He could have been both selfish and manipulative for those around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. Of course, this also shows us positive aspects - his courage, his determination and his evil sense of humor. Dan-Levis's acting is not only physically convincing, because he assures us that we believe in his character's disability, but also emotionally and intellectually convincingly, in bringing all these different aspects of Christian character. His Oscar won in a very strong opposition like Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but it deserved it. 8/10
