Daniel Dai-Levis is Christi Brovn, a victim of a cerebral palsy that uses "We Left Foot" to write and paint in this incredible 1989 film. The film also stars Brenda Fricker as Christina's mother, Rai McAnalli, Fiona Shav and Hugh O'Conor. Their brilliant performances, the great scenario and the wonderful direction of Jim Sheridan help to portray a vivid portrait of Christie Brovn, an artist and writer who died in 1981 at the age of 49. Brovn was born in a lower Catholic middle-class family in which his mother was constantly pregnant (in total 22 children, out of which 13 survived). His father believed that Kristi was mentally retarded, and physically handicapped, but he did not allow his son to go home. The children in the family were freed from him every day when they went to school, and then the mother would feed and talk to him. In the film Friker transmits the feeling of a woman who, despite being surrounded by a large family, needs someone to talk. Christi is not answering. In the end, a wheelchair was found, and children from the neighborhood, who had known him since childhood, included him in all their activities. The only part of his body that works well is his left foot, and when children find out how well he is kicking, they put him into football games precisely for this purpose. One of the most beautiful parts of the movie is the relaxed way that other children treat it. There are many powerful scenes, but none is as strong as Christie writes "Mother" on the floor holding a piece of chalk between fingers. "He's a real Brovn," his father says, raising him to his shoulders and carrying him to the pub. Entering the brewery, he announces: "My son is a genius." Things change when Christy is aging because he has the wishes and emotions of the boy. It develops crushes, refuses, and goes beyond itself, turning to painting. In the end, he goes to a nearby clinic and works with a therapist, Eileen (Fiona Shav) at home. She falls in love with her. When she finds out that she is faithful, she almost goes crazy. But he survives to live, to paint, to write (total of three books) and to love again. Because this is a movie, it is necessary to omit certain things and combine character. Brovn was not diagnosed with cerebral palsy for some time, which was left out of the movie. The therapist Eileen is actually a combination of three important therapeutic figures in Christ's life, and although we know that his mother believed that she had a good mind, the truth worked very hard with Christ when she was a child taught by her alphabet, etc. Also, before Mary, Christie had a twelve-year relationship with a woman who dedicated her "My Left Foot". And the typical Hollywood ending, nine years before his death, where neglecting his wife may have been a factor, does not end the story. Despite all this, the biography of Christy Brovn is incredibly powerful, more due to two appearances: Hugh O'Connor as young Christi and Daniel Dai-Levis as an adult Christi. O'Connor's expression and the way he pulls his corrupted body is troublesome. One is exhausted for him and at the same time broken hearts. And what can be said about Daniel Dai-Levis, one of the greatest actors in the world - he completely brings Christ to life, a fully developed, wise, intelligent human being capable of cursing, becoming angry, bitter, drunk, aggressive, disgusting, fun and loving. The well-deserved Oscar won the same year when Tom Cruise was nominated for "Born on July 4th". I remember someone writing a letter to the editor somewhere that Cruise is so sensational, what's wrong with the Academy? Uh, nothing to change. Nothing. Brenda Fricker is incredible as Christie's mother, who never ceases to believe in him and what she can do and who keeps her family and husband together in difficult times. The great thing about Fricker's performance is that support, love and work ethics seem to come naturally to the mother. A character would never be considered a hero or someone who does something unusual. Friker shows us a religious but not a fanatic woman who believes that her duty on earth is to be a good wife and mother. And regardless of everything, even when her husband is out of work, she throws out their daughter from home because of pregnancy, whatever she is doing. She saves money for Christi's wheelchair, receives photos of her daughter and baby, she begins to build a Christie room in the back of the house. It's all part of your daily business. A performance worthy of the Oscar she received. Brown's life was more complicated than this inspirational film, but this is an incredible achievement of all involved and unavoidable places.
