DANIEL DAI-LEVIS performs an extraordinary job of playing Christi Brovn, an artist who grew up with cerebral palsy but managed to have a productive life, successfully dealt with his handicap and became a respected artist and writer. The film, however, is very difficult to review - or even watch. Luckily, I had a description feature to capture every spoken word that would have been impossible for me to watch a movie at the theater. Although I respect this as a brave work dealing with difficult issues, I can not say that it is a movie that I would like to look at more than once. However, my attention was given by the narrative, flashback-enclosed present, in which we see that Christi is honored for his achievements before we see the memory of his youth and his struggle to communicate with those around him, who surely gave him love. DANIEL DAI-LEVIS is certainly remarkable as a problematic man who falls in love with a therapist (FIONA SHAV), much to his mother's fear that when love is not returned, his heart will be broken. There is a painfully long scene in the restaurant where she confesses her love for her before others, and then goes into an angry rage after having drunk too much. BRENDA FRICKER performs a brilliant job as a mother who takes care of him, his father and the litter of brothers and sisters as he struggles to keep the roof over his head until Dai-Levis begins to work with his work. She complements Dan-Levis performance as a cordial mother and shares many touching moments with him. A rich detailed story about the family that stayed together under the most unusual circumstances with attention paid to the details of the period in every film's film. Both Fricker and Dai-Levis won the Oscars, but HUGH O'CONOR and RAI McANALLI are also excellent. O'Connor is Christie as a boy, and McAnalli is a father who spends too much time in a local pub, but he likes the boy. In short: Elmer Bernstein's music is an additional factor. Good value, but definitely not a movie for everyone.
