A French novelist, appalled by friends of his wife's family, goes to northern Africa for a break. There she encounters a lively and talented Bedouin girl living in poverty. Despite her wife, who romanticizes the maharaja, she decides to train and educate a girl and present her to a Parisian society like PRINCESSE TAM TAM ... Wonderful Josephine Baker has perfectly invested the title role in this very pleasant French film. With her vast eyes and contagious smile, she immediately contacts the heart of the viewer. Her great personality and obvious joy of performance make her a pure pleasure. Baker takes care of what is happening to poor Alvin during her transformation and familiarity with European affairs. Albert Prejean works well as Pigmalion for Baker's Galatea; also effective are Georges Peclet as a half-sibling, and Jean Galland as a mysterious maharajah. The film is very handsome and well made, looks a bit like reminding on Busbie Berkeley films that are produced the same time in America - although unlike American movies from this period, PRINCESSE TAM TAM has no racism. It should be noted that in France there was no Hais office or production law. Some of the dialogues and actions are quite provocative, but it must be acknowledged that Baker sang and dances with 'Under the African Ski', as well as her top performance in the nightclub in Paris. /> Actual recording of the location in Tunisia greatly improves the film. Josephine Baker was born in St. Louis, 1906, in a very poor family. Her talent and ambition in running, she quickly pushed her to the East, and she was briefly a member of the actors Ziegfeld Follies. Realizing that America in the mid-twentieth century had great limitations for the gifted Black Woman, she succeeded in bringing her to Paris, where she finally joined Folies-Bergeres & Le Negre Revue. The French adored her and she became a huge celebrity. A brief return to America in 1935 showed Baker that things for Afroamericans did not change. She returned to France, became a French citizen and worked for resistance in the first days of the war. Baker moved to Morocco for the duration and entertained Allied troops stationed there. After the war, Baker began to slip and she faced many financial and personal difficulties. For some time she was even banned from returning to the United States. Finally, Baker accepted the offer from Princess Grace of Monaco to live in the Principality. Josephine Baker was on the verge of return when she died of a stroke in 1975, at the age of 68. After appearing in only two decent film - ZOUZOU & PRINCESSE TAM TAM - Baker is in danger of becoming vague. But she deserves her place next to Chevalier, Dietrich and Robson, as one of the legendary performers of her generation.
