Jacky Chan's classic directorial performance POLICE STORY (1985) is among the most influential and most advanced modern policemen ever to leave Hong Kong. Jackie wanted to make a movie that included the usual kung fu and a fierce pistol game and another "urban" action that will later become very popular and typical among HK directors such as John Voo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY mixes these two action elements and styles, and the result is wild as it sounds. Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a police force protecting an important witness (Brigitte Lin) who will soon be protected. testifies against the mighty gangster boss and his criminal activity. Jackie's girlfriend is played by young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild as she would be in her later roles like Heroic Trio (and continued) by Johnnie Toa, the Savior Soul Corei Iuen and David Lai and many others. The action in the POLICE STORY is very simple, but the action is why this film was made in the first place. Jackie is, of course, all the stunts of his character and I myself have been hurt. several scenes, some of which are in the finished movie, as in the end where Jackie hits her head (near the eye) through a very nasty, sharp piece of glass. Also, Jackie's stuntmen almost killed themselves during the filming of this film. The scene in which the bus stopped shortly before Jackie spat on the hijackers through the windshield, he went badly, because the bus stopped prematurely and the stuntmen did not fly the way they needed it. They were supposed to fly on a car parked in front of the bus, but their flight was too short and they struck through asphalt with hospital injuries. During the final credits, behind the scenes there are pictures and images of these injured actors and everything looks very bad and almost unsuccessful, but fortunately nobody was killed or injured too hard. The action is more than abundant and imaginative as you can expect from (Action) director Chan. Now the legendary scene of the bus and shopping scene in this region is most likely among the wildest scenes that any action movie has managed to deliver. Jackie always talks about the importance of editing (which is true) and it really shows up in her action scenes and their perfect time, making films so ultra-kinetic in comparison to Hollywood efforts, for example. These moments are few, and these moments are interesting, and the movie never becomes boring or difficult to watch. But there is again a negative point that I can not handle in HK action comedies, which is a comedy itself. Comedy is not funny especially when errors and amateur elements in the script are not accidental, but because the writer wanted to add them there, without necessarily understanding that they were signs of a bad scenario and stupid dialogue. I think of such scenes as an attempt to kill the murder at the beginning when the killer only screams and shouts and real faces and acts like a drunken clown from a nightmare, and he is here to "kill" that girl. This act is stupid and incompetent and I would not like to watch it in a movie that is otherwise very big in its genre. The characters also speak their thoughts, which is also a sign of a bad scenario, because there are "loud thoughts" just to make things clear even to the dumbest viewer, making things too simple and "easy". Even if the film is comical and not so serious, this kind of stupidity should not be there and can not be forgiven too easily. POLICE STORY is speed, full stroke, balls on the walls. an adventurous wonder from Hong Kong and from the time when Jackie was very sad about the poor results she got with the US, the patron had the same thoughts about the film as the director James Glickenhaus, and thus the result. The satisfaction of the audience and Jackie and he returned to Hong Kong to make more personal and inventive film. It's definitely done and the result is wild today as it was in the '80s. This is one of the craziest action movies ever, and it would be somewhat perfect without the flaws I mentioned. 7/10
