It's depressing to see where Jackie Chan ended up. It was once an unstoppable hurricane of blows, blows and incredible stunts. To be honest, now in the fifties, I would expect some slowdown. But with 'Rush Hour 3', where he occupies the back seat of Chris Tucker (of all people!), And then there's 'Kung Fu Panda', where not only he is in solely a voice role, but his character is barely any dialogue. ... to say that Jackie Chan video better days is a huge underestimation. The times are this when the only solution is to take out a dusty old VHS tape and watch Jackie hitting her younger. , assassin, Chris Tucker-free dais. Enter 'Police Story'. Jackie Chan plays Kar-ku, a policeman whose task is to protect the witness before the main trial. He faces the resistance both of both non-operational witnesses and numerous killers sent by the mob to silence both. But on the other hand, who cares? We do not watch Jackie Chan movies for the story. We look at them to see that Jackie Chan performs harsh acrobatics and generally drills and throws out a lot of people who are less terrible than him. And at that level, 'Police Story' did not disappoint. In the end, there is a terrible bargain at a shopping center that culminates when Jackie is dropping a huge high-voltage chandelier. Seriously, if these things happen more often, no man will ever need to be persuaded to go shopping for clothes. There is also comedy, most of which involve Kar-house unintentionally disturbing May, his eternal suffering, and apparently ever forgiving a girl. Humor as a whole is quite unbearable, but it works so that I do not regret it. The act is not too subtle. Indeed, I'm not sure that there was anything subtle about the 'Police Story'. The director, Jackie Chan (yes, he does it) obviously has a deep understanding of why we watch his films, and knows that while we are waiting for the next fight, the last thing we want is to look for the nuance and depth and inner meaning. So, "police story" is an explosion. As with most of his films, the fact that Jackie actually does what you see on the screen puts him above his head and competition. I mean, when Jackie Chan really hangs on a bus for speeding a ride with an umbrella, a brand new "Wow!" the factor is added to the action.
