Police Channel Jacky Chana is a significant film for the genre of Honk Kong and the career of Jack Chan. The director / written by Chan, the Police story has a basic plot like all movies of that time and genre, and like most movies of the kind of Police story, the script is nothing to talk about. But the plot's plot is Jackie Chan, who plays a good cop, fighting to condemn the local gang leader. The film direction is nothing special and in no way the best directional effort Jackie Chan has given us that responsibility falls on the underrated masterpiece of "Miracles". However, the work Jackie directs is sufficient and respectable. Extraordinary directing of the film comes with fighting scenes. The performances in this film also differ in that Jackie gives a very solid typical Chan a good guy against his role, but this is not his best acting role, which can be seen in the movie "The Heart of the Dragon" in Sammo Hung. Other actors in the film also give a good and solid performance like Jackie with Bridget Lino played her part of a witness who does not want to act well, but she does not show the full potential of acting. Great acting comes from Maggie Cheung as Jackie's girlfriend who suffers Bill Tung as a cute and funny chief of police. No performance in this movie is low enough to affect the quality of the film. The action in the movie is what really separates this film from others with stunning contemporary choreography to suit the urban, modern environment, and action is some of the biggest fighting scenes ever put on the camera. To begin with, there is a shootout in the poor neighborhood where the Koo (ganglord) makes a drug, although it's not John Voo's order, it serves as a good starter for the movie. Then follows a famous car that descends down the hill and through the heart of the poor neighborhood destroys everything in sight. This is a stunning sequence that has since been shamefully copied by Bad Bois 2. In the middle of the movie is another exceptional sequence while Jackie tries to transfer Bridget Lin from his home to his. This is really the first scene in which we see a terrible fast hand-to-hand fight that has since become the norm for all modern martial arts films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, timed and seamlessly arranged to maximize the brutality of the scene. However, as tradition requires, the order of the standing struggle is at the end of the film. This sequence shows some of the best root, stunt and camera / assembly works. This sequence is now known for two things, the amount of people being sent through high-density glass, which must be said to be a phenomenal amount of people, and the stuntman at the end where Jackie jumps from the balcony of the fifth floor, grabs the pillar \ t and slides through the glass roof he must see how he should be believed). While both of these factors are uniquely brilliant, I think the most impressive part of this combat sequence is Chan's ability to incorporate anything in the combat sequence and the originality of choreography, which has never been improved for me. I also believe that the action in the Police Story is some of the best recorded and arranged career actions in the Chanas, which helps the action to be different from others. All in all, the police story, despite its clumsy story and scenario, and over-running in the middle of the accumulation of the plot, is one of the best action films of all time that portrays Chan's best choreographies, best-shot action and undoubtedly his the most spectacular stunt that makes this essential viewing to everyone. After that, we watch Chan movie action !!
