There is one detail, which is not quite common for the films of Jack Chan, but who is present here. It has a very difficult and serious atmosphere, while entertainment elements are present. Jackie is terrible and psychotic here. He is not a hero who is attacked and only then fights back (in the usual template), but he is the one who can go and start an alert. His way to hit that evil man in the glasses is incredible. Every time he starts to "crack". I especially enjoy the scene when Jackie goes to the pub and breaks down the villains who have faced his girlfriend. It's one of the best blitzkriegs on the screen. In addition, the whole scene was taken with the background of some action character painted on the wall (it also looks like a poster "rabochii" from our Soviet era) and some lines in Russian on the left (I noticed it quite by accident). It looks great (and nostalgic for Russian people). I also like when windows break into movies. There are many of these things here. It's pretty amazing to see characters falling / jumping / running / driving through all types of panels. All three films are brilliant. I was preparing to see low quality, but I saw the perfect trilogy with feeling and incredible acrobatics (and not only the character of Jackie Chan appears in all three films - it is also excellent and maintains continuity). > I'd like to describe every movie in a few words: No.1 - super (in all aspects - it's a story from the beginning to the very end) and funny (many scenes are funny); No.2 - furious (Jackie is really * from here) and sick (Jackie is struggling); No.3 - incredible (a woman struggling with Jackie is incredible) and bombastic (should a lot of weapons and explosions be mentioned?). As for the others - many things were mentioned to others. It is a trilogy that can be constantly watched (at least me). His place is among the top 10 among the actions / comedies. It was finally released in Russia on DVD (the second film has the best options - Chinese / Russian films and English / Russian subtitles). Strongly 10 out of 10. Thank you for your attention.
