Many movie and martial film lovers believe that Jackie Chan is one of the biggest action stars who has ever honored the silver screen, and the police story has strengthened his reputation as a likely successor to the late great Bruce Lee. If Enter The Dragon split the so-called Lee-size benchmark in the 70's, then the same can be said for Police Story and Jackie Chan in the 80's. Forget the trilogy of Rush Hour, or any of his efforts in the United States - a movie that really characterizes Chan's excellence, not to mention that he began his high kang-fu talisman status with a high impact, as and a film career, it was a police story - the first in a series of successful kopeck films set up in the mainland today Hong Kong. I've seen many of his efforts - as well as American Rush Hour, Rumble, and Bronk, Medalian and The Tukedo in the name - and honestly, many of them are pale in relation to the police story. In these films we saw the less "dumed-in" version of Jackie, from whom he did not get the opportunity to take advantage of his combat capabilities to the maximum, not to mention fighting sequences that were not as good as those in such efforts as the drunk master, the police story. Stunts in this movie are remarkable and are best shown in any action movie. The shopping center scene is literally unique and must be seen to be believed: flying glass shards, Chan, who was left hanging in front of the bus with his walking stick while the madman drives wildly down the streets of the city, and Chan successfully used all kinds of inanimate objects and equipment like weapons to fight bad guys. Considering that he is known for hurting and breaking every bone in his body and putting himself at risk, Jackie's persistence in showing his diversity as a stuntman, not relying solely on one, is something that the testament is his reputation as a kung fu expert . Especially because there are bruises for it. So he proved that not one trick is a pony when he comes down to designing and designing various and smart moves. The story can not be discussed much, but what is not in the narration, it compensates for its latest actions and struggles. As for dialogue, this is not a really huge aspect of the film - which is why most film fans about Jackie and martial arts are more interested in action than on the story. Unlike the Matrix, there are no wires or CGI, or any form of computer trick. What you see is what you get - and what you get from Police Story is the great Jackie Chan ep, full of action and pulsating stunts. It's miles better than Rumble In The Bronk, Rush Hour and all his other American efforts. /> The police story is a great movie and I would definitely recommend to anyone who is the newcomer Jackie Chan, but they are not sure which one they should first look at.
