Believe it or not, the last case of Inspector Gadget is what got me into the whole Gadget thing. My name is Miriam and I have twelve years, so obviously I was not near when Inspector Gadget was at the top of his career. Of course, I heard about him, but I did not know him. While reading, keep in mind that I NEVER seen the original series (I would, if I came!). This is the only thing I've ever watched (though I'm obsessed with) now, and I'll focus on what I like because everyone is so negative. For all of you pessimists, I have some opponents. = P Firstly, because of the childish sense of humor, you can consider this movie quite fun. I thought it was, so sue me. I also thought that the design of animation and character was good, and I'm also happy that there were more Gadget in it, because he is my favorite character. (I do not like Penny.) Then there was Clav (his voice was horrible) and Madcat; I thought they were pretty good too. The gadget's stupidity looked pretty good, if not too exaggerated (ie Sisao was a thumb with things with a hat. It would be a good screen shot, though. = P) Oh, and I liked the song that appeared in the credits. Yes, I'm weird. Like all movies, there are some negatives. Talking cars? What about that? You can say that this was directed at younger boys. It would not be so disturbing to me that there was no fact that cars were basically saving the day. It would be much more desirable for Penny and Brain to take their place. And, obviously, the Gadget loved his car more than he would be called natural. A little weird, at the very least. Oh, and the boss was quite right for the Gadget. I mean, sheesh, yes, he was not always the most cheerful of people, but he did not hate the Gadget, from what I read. Like an inspector, his personality was exaggerated. Well, that's almost all I have to say about this movie. I thought the animation was made for a car-oriented parcel and that it was pretty decent at all; more than Gadget Movies Live (barchered, butchered, BUTCHERED). Maybe I'm just biased because that's what brought me to the Gadget in the first place, or maybe my mind is twisted, or maybe I'm just strange, but I really like this movie, even if I'm the oldest recommended for.
