Shakespeare Behind Bars, despite the content, was an unusually exciting documentary. Prisoners at the Luther Luckett Correctional Facility in LaGrange, Kentucky who raped, killed, and so on. and surrounded by bad people in an apparently depressing environment, they find something they really enjoy and can become important, popular and celebrated in acting. There are parallel themes with 'Shavshank Redemption' with their institutionalized nature and seeking forgiveness and redemption for their past lives. As we follow the generous, unconfident director, who gives up every year from his time to direct certain prisoners in the chosen play of Villyama Shakespeare (this time, 'Storm', which is wisely shown with prisoners who can deal with him so much with his pervasive focus on forgiveness and redemption to which they are trusted and to which they relate), we meet each actor in formal interviews that fit nicely with the recorded material that trains them. Each actor has his own story and story of his insults and reasons for which they are in an emotional form with melancholy music in the traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected prisoner (it seems) is Sammie. It seems that the director immediately sees the most interesting prisoners in Sammie (and later Hal) and allows for a longer, deeper observation of man and his personality. His presence is felt on the screen and his personal discoveries come as a shock to the audience, but they give him such an appeal in his emotional personality and he feels special empathy towards him. Hal is the same at the beginning of the film. He has other things that he does to pass the time shown as a comfortable hobby, as was the case with running a broadcasting program on the site. Again, through personal interviews and discoveries that he himself acknowledged from the Hall (and well-recorded Hal's body language, and not the major plans of his uncertain movement of the hand, not only was he noticed with him, but also others), his heart especially felt the story of it insecure and frightened of their true sexuality in a society that would not completely accept it as a homosexual until later in a movie where it turned out to be rather rude and rude to other prisoners involved in the show as being considered above all of them, especially Ron who already has rustrirajući temperament in his acting. The relationship between all prisoners involved in the show is shown as a relationship of respect and unity in order to achieve something great for itself. With nice (if not cliché) movement of time passing by titles and the like. it seems that everything is going right in the first act, and then on construction to the public appearance, things predictably go wrong. Induction of one of the actors who have been displaced and his character replaced by a younger, newer prisoner, gives a fine accomplishment to someone who promises a great deal, but in the end he disappoints and does not meet their expectations. One prisoner specifically (Big-G) welcomes a new prisoner (Rika) with the obvious will to nurture him in his beloved practice and we hope that he will become a good model. It seems that the film captures the passion of every prisoner so well with something that the audience can refer to especially when Rick is put in a 'hole' to get new tattoos (something nicely hinted earlier in the film when a warden stops a casual prisoner in the yard and asks him got a tattoo on his hand, and we learn that it is a criminal offense in the facility) and Big-G's disappointment is deeply understood. Happy ending? Everything looks great when they are successfully performed (even called to play somewhere else) and the feeling of true unity reverberates around them, but in the end, the film returns everything to the earth that this is short-lived and everything they ever had or wanted and will always have to be taken away. Returning to jail is to pay for their crimes and no matter what they are looking for in the performance of these performances, there will be no free people, their proud performance and recognition undermined by the fact that they are the lowest of the lowest criminals and the nice stop in the exciting music that is playing in a long hallway that coincides with turning off the lights and closing the door is a powerful picture of their oppression. It seemed that the director knew that he was looking at the nice people in the documentary by giving additional information at the end of the film to every future actor from the end of the film about where they are and what is happening to them.
