If you want to present yourself in the prison walls, why do not you go to the top of the drama writer Villiam Shakespeare? And if you choose your team from many criminals who are serving long sentences for the worst crimes, you can be sure there will be enough time for the rehearsals. At the Penitentiary Institute in Kentucky, a brave project like this one with amazing results was carried out. This film shows how everything is done ... by casting, trials, set and costumes and the final presentation of Shakespeare's Drama "Storm". It did not come to my mind, but there is an analogy between setting up a performance and imprisonment. In the show, shipwrecks are limited to an island without contact with the outside world. Prison life is also similar to that. With the simple painted backbone of the surrounding seascape, characters in the most attractive assortment of bones beneath their lines cite an audience that approves, maybe Shakespeare is not safe, but with good heart and genuine honesty surely. More interesting than the very performances were the little cameo and every man behind his character. One prisoner viewed this as a lesson in the forgiveness of another as the redemption of his sins. It was pretty touching to see men wiping their tears while they were talking about murders, shooting and drowning. The man felt that everyone wanted to reverse the clock and re-examine his brutal actions. However (as someone said) the past was a past, and the present was the beginning of a new future. At least the performance gave temporary relief from depressive thoughts about past events. Prison authorities should praise for allowing the performance to take place. Such an event would put Kentucky on the map and we hope that other prisons could follow their good example. It seems to me that everyone benefits from not only prison in Kentucky, but also from prisoners themselves who must find new self-esteem and self-esteem and be ready for the day when they will be on conditional freedom.
