Films like this, and C.R.A.Z.I., make me very sad about American movies with gai theme. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are several other prominent American films with depth and sincerity like this film, Bubble. This film is focused on two men, Noam and Ashvar, Israeli and Palestinians. Their relationship is complicated by the tension between the Jews and the Arabs in Israel. Couples, in the early stages of their relationships, will fight who will call who is next, or who will say "I love you" first. Noam and Ashvarva early love complicate suicide bombings, armed checkpoints and racism. While Noam's friends accept Ashvar, who is Arab, it is clear that most Tel Aviv citizens are probably not. One of the most fascinating moments, and there are many in this film, is when Noam and Ashvar attend the production "Bent". We, as viewers of movies, see them watching this performance, and the effect on them is deeply trapped in their eyes. And in the end, this touching moment is played in a very sad way in the final of the film. Ohad Knoller and Iouseff 'Joe' Sweets are outstanding as Noam and Ashvar. Director Eitan Fox is brilliant in creating a convincing and interesting persuasion of Shakespeare's classic Romeo and Juliet. And while most movies now have sex in them (almost as a sport), this one returns to an old tried-and-true version of sex with love and passion. It's so refreshing. And it is refreshing that two gay men are portrayed as people, not as cartoons. There are cartoon characters in this film. It's simply not about the two gays to change. Somewhere on this site I think I read the comparison between this film and "Friend". Well, not quite. Yes, these are youthful characters who stumble through their first uncomfortable steps in adulthood and relationships. But I do not remember being "busted" as a background for insider stories in "Friends". This is a very good movie. He has a heart and a heart. And like all good love stories, love wins. But not in his intricate celebration of full flower. Still, it's a very satisfying movie to watch.
