This film represents the complete re-imagination of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers are one from Tel Aviv and the other from Nablus. There is a border between them and a constant state of war with the Israeli army ever present to everywhere and Palestinian militants everywhere with their bombs. The situation is gloomy enough. We can imagine love in this huge trap without love. But the film goes a few light years, imagining that two lovers are gay, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf of Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. It is forbidden in Nablus. Conflict between the two peoples, the two communities are thus doubled by the conflict between the two cultures, the two ethics. But it can even be tolerable if the war does not bring an additional dimension. Ashraf's sister will marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister she's gay. She can not accept it, but accepts that she later talks about it. From the very wedding, a newly married husband sends commandos to Tel Aviv to establish a bombing. He is being held at a coffee shop in Tel Aviv and a friend of Noam is seriously wounded. Pretty bad. The Israeli army sends commandos to Nablus to apprehend a person responsible for this attack, but it is slaughtered, and a fake woman is killed on the street. The funeral follows the wedding. A husband and widow are volunteers for a suicide bombing. Ashraf volunteers to take his place. The lost lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill several people to avenge his sister. He arrives at a restaurant run by some Noam's friends. But Noam sees him and goes out to talk to him. Ashraf returned to the middle of the street and detonated his bomb when Noam arrived in the street. Revenge reunites two lovers in death. So we have a double conflict, but we do not have a Prince of Verona, a neutral character that can impose peace, or even worse, it seems that the Prince has chosen the sides and is on the side of Israel. The game is completely fake and death is safe on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is getting stronger because it is duplicated by the show in the film, a show that shows love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one of which carries a yellow star and the other pink triangle. This is also amazingly shocking and shocking: gay love in Auschwitz. What comes out of the movie is that love is impossible in Tel Aviv or Nablus. The film is, therefore, a condemnation of the conflict in Palestine, which can not but can continue, although there is no reason to exist even if there are thousands of reasons to continue. We should never have allowed Britain to deal with the region for a long time. Today we have to find a solution in which no one will be humiliated. This will only be possible if everyone is together to find a lasting solution. But by now everyone is trying to avoid this general confrontation and discussion, preferring bilateral manipulation. So, suffering will continue and love will be forbidden, of course not sex, because children need to continue the war, so let's create more and more small soldiers. But love is just an extra-earthly concept. Dr Jackues COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine and University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
