It is difficult to dislike Israeli director Eitan Fock and his films describing life in the Middle East and the inherent problems that gay people can have in these regions. In addition, he gave voice to the young generations, and to the extraordinary part of them, who really need the MIR and who want to make no more noticeable war, which has long marked the existence of people, both in Israel and in Palestine. . These reasons are, in my opinion, sufficient to consider Foxes as worthy directors, even when his sense of melodrama is out of control. However, fans of his films (which he realized in the team with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, co-writer and life companion) seem not to be upset by this, because his new feature, BUBBLE (HA-BUAH), has the same success of the previous IOSSI & JAGGER and VALK ON THE VATER. Announced as the contemporary gay version of "Romeo & Juliet", set up in today's Tel Aviv instead of Verona and with two men (one Israeli and another Palestinian) at the site of two young lover Shakespeare, the film is actually quite different from that, or, better yet, something else. In fact, the bubble of the title is the world except where the leading man, Noam, plays regular Fok Ohad Knoller (Iossi in IOSSI & JAGGER, but I must admit that I miss Jagger, the stunning Iehuda Levi!) And his two sisters, the guy and the girl, decided are to live. Around thirty-year-old, restless, witty and firm (despite the fact that the protagonist has just spent a certain period of time as a national service at a checkpoint at the border with Palestine) to live a life that will not just be a war. The two are homosexuals and together with a girl they founded a trio in which they fraternal love and support each other. Their lives are destined to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (TV star Iousef 'Joe' Sveid) a young Palestinian who came to live in Tel Aviv. The laws so far in force in the group are ignored, but not the will to help one friend. Still, Noam and his friends will not be easy, because Ashraf is mysterious in Israel, and in the meantime his family, who lives in Palestine and does not know that he is gay, is glad to arrange his wedding with a very nice one. a girl who is a relative of Ashraf's beloved sister-groom, who is also a terrorist and will have a strong responsibility in the development of complications, with consequences not only for two men. Because prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting dualism, if not automatically) stubborn and tragedy is inevitable. Even if the film focuses on the obstacles encountered between Noah and Ashraf, other characters are not overlooked, which appear to be well-written (for example, Golan, boyfriend Ielli, Noam's fellow tenant, introduced as lively and then revealed as a sweetie and more open-minded) and perfectly performed (except for two tracks, we must not ignore the funny Zohar Lib and the charming Daniel Wirtzer, the gang girl, and more LATOR MARKY star Lior Ashkenazi appears as alone in the kameya). There are also gloomy tones with brilliant tones, even if the director can not do without melodramatic conclusions. I watched the movie more than a month ago, and in the meantime I often thought about it, proof that Fox and his friend had a chance to hit home.
