Since the emergence of literature, people of all nationalities are fascinated and easily touched by stories of unhappy love. Even more fascinating was always the story of an impossible love, a love that can not be. The latest film by Israeli filmmaker Eitan Fock "The Bubble" is about it. And then it is not. The film's title refers to the "balloon" Tel-Aviv is set in the backdrop of the political reality of Israel. The cosmopolitan and unofficial capital of the country has little to do with Nablus, a city on the Palestine West Bank, also in the film. There is not much in common with the tension and hatred at the Palestinian checkpoints. In fact, it seems that there is not much in common with anything that surrounds it. The "Balon" Tel-Aviva allows people to have a lifestyle that does not differ much from what you can expect in any western city. Teenage girls are looking for a Britney Spears record, a life magazine editor looking for a sexy wrapper for his next number, modern people sitting in trendy cafes, discussing trendy things through capuchin cups and other similar trendy drinks, while at home they are looking at the local Pop Idol. one's mind in a false sense of reality. The film develops around the lives of three young Israelis sharing a flat and who, for the most part, are trying to stay out of politics. Ielli, the owner of the camp and the manager of Orna & Ella, a hip-café, rarely leaves the city and does not like to think about the shadows surrounding them anymore. It seems that Noam, a soft and comfortable servant of a small avant-garde magazine, is equally unwilling to engage in long political discussions and reflections. Lulu, the only female child, is the opposite of the Israeli left, although her political activities seem to be limited to "rave against the occupation". Ilie and Noam, of course, do not oppose participation in them. and her political friends make t-shirts with a rave logo, posters and send booklets that advertise it in the neighborhood, and their main concern is that no real Palestinian is ever involved and that the police can come and ruin everything. The biggest confusion is when they argue with some non-Palestinian local population who are trying to prevent them from handing out leaflets. "The initial scenes of the film lead us to a checkpoint on the way to Nablus, where we also find Noam doing his reserve. A group of Palestinians is thoroughly checked before entering Israel, among which a pregnant woman is suddenly born and gives birth to a dead child in spite of all the efforts of Noam and the doctor who eventually arrives in an ambulance. A younger younger man who later appeared at Noam's threshold in Tel Aviv with his ID card, which apparently fell during the trial at the border, is called Ashraf , he's a Palestinian and he's gay. And he's not here but only to return his ID, he came to see Noam, without permission to live in Israel, and despite the initial hesitation of Noam's tenants, he is soon to get a Jewish name and a job at the Jelly Cafe, and since he grew up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, he has no Arabic an emphasis that allows him and his newly-founded friends to conceal his identity. The sky is bright blue and the air is cute, but it can not last, for he became part of the equation that was never conceived. At one point, Noam and Ashraf watch the Bent show about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp who have a love affair that can never become physically visible to surrounding guards. They find a way to be together at a different level, metaphysically, at the level at which no one else has access. There's our couple in the end. And it could not have been much different for them, not in today's Israel. "Bubble" is a political statement about a balloon that shoots when it faces the political reality of today's Israel's background of a beautiful and awkward love story that includes an Israeli and Palestinian, impossible love story in a divided world where there are no things like which are a compromise or other color from black and white. people, homosexuals and equals, inhabiting this strange city, Tel-Aviv, depicted by the eyes of people who really care about them. The premise of the film may have its flaws and the fatal chain of events may seem to be somewhat interpreted, but its strong message and emotional influence will not leave you untouched.
