The Israeli / Palestinian conflict continues, and while the world can be aware of the violence that surrounds the two countries, few have a clue about another aspect of the division - a group of people who want peace and work to eradicate separation. Eitan Fok, in THE BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah'), created the much-needed alternative perspective of breaking up, choosing to tell a story that contains some fine humor, a lot of love and a taste of brutal reality. It is a window into a situation that requires understanding. In Tel Aviv three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong attitudes; Ialy (Alon Friedman), a very "out" gay young man working in a popular cafe; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome, somewhat shy guy who, in addition to his daily business at the music store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore spends his free time serving as a guard at city checkpoints. It is during one of these cottages that a guard meets a young Palestinian named Ašraf (Iousef 'Joe' Sveid), and comes to mutual attraction. Three friends decided that the "blind" illegally present Ashraf (whom they surmised with the Israeli name) and while Ashraf and Noam settled in a love affair, Ialy hires Ashraf in his cafe, and Ialy and Lulu continue to find love interests as well. Everything is going well until Ashraf returns home to his sister's wedding. Although Tel Aviv Ashraf could have been openly a homosexual with Noam, life in Jerusalem is far different: Ashraf is said to have to marry a sister who will be a sister. In an attempt to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu are mocking French journalists to gain access to Ashraf. At the time of the alleged separation, Noam and Ashraf were discovered to be kissing the future groom, and this act gives reason for blackmail to keep Ashraf "in the closet". While Young people in Tel Aviv dancing in one event to draw attention to peaceful coexistence, there is an attack in Jerusalem that has serious consequences not only immediately, but also on the revenge that Ashraf must now take over . The ending is tragic at many levels and underlines how serious the problem is between the two countries. The acting is so natural that the comical and tragic aspect of the audience fully believes in these beautiful young people. The story finds the right balance between a serious and a comfortable one, and that is the equilibrium that makes Eitan Foka such a good writer / director. More people should watch this important and very nice movie. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Builds Harp
