I am currently on vacation in Israel for the summer, and so I managed to see this incredible movie. A little warning before I start writing: I speak fluently Hebrew, so the Hebrew parts were not a problem; however, about a quarter (a bit less) of the film is in Arabic, and I was not able to understand something about this subtitle. It did not diminish my understanding of the film, but it led me to miss a few jokes that caused some great laughs at the theater. After years of American cinema, which many have welcomed as one of the year for homosexual cinema and relationships, something really needs to be really standing above the head and shoulders; however, "Bubble" surpasses all others with its excellent acting, witty dialogue and relevant political climate. The film opens at a checkpoint at the Israeli-Palestinian border; For the first few moments, we are not sure what type of film we entered. Still, this is an important element of the strength of this film. The political situation, and extreme tension in the air is constantly in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv serves as its character in this film. He is constantly referencing. Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged. The horizon and the development of the city are being criticized quite sharply, and finally the city is developing along with the film. The film focuses on the love between Noah (Ohad Knoller) and the Palestinian immigrant, I'sf 'Joe' Sveid, with the Tel Aviv and Palestine societies serving as a permanent foil. We always know that their relationship is forbidden, and this creates a sense of urgency that is rarely present in the cinema. Love is incredibly strong and represents the central part of the film. Secondary relations and friendships are equally strong: the brilliant owner of the Ielli restaurant (Iousef 'Joe' Sveid) relationship with the ultra-butch and grating gulden solidar, Golan (Zohar Liba), is a special source of entertainment. The lovely scenes abound in this film are all exceptional, fine artwork, and the cinema is amazing: in the first love scene of the film, the camera descends while the male figure gives oral sex to Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and dissolves in the footage of Noah and Ashraf . This clip, which many others claim the viewer to realize that all these relationships express the same kind of love. To separate more from this story, it would be a tragedy, but know that there are many political tensions and tragedies that touch the current world political climate, and instead I will focus on a witty dialogue. Even when I watched this movie in another language, I could not stop laughing. Lines of special entertainment include the question of whether suicide bombers receive innocent women or men in the sky and the analogy of Sampson from the Bible as the first suicide bomber in the world. This dialogue shows a special sense of purity and reality that is rarely seen in China. The music used in the movie is also particularly powerful. Music is used only in times when characters legitimately can or should listen to it, and in one scene music is weak when a character removes one handset and stops when it removes the other. Small elements like this really raise the film. I could not give a bigger recommendation to the movie; This is a remarkable work of the cinema that is katharthic as well as extremely well made.
