This first part of Crispin Glover's personal magnum opus asks you to think a bit, and so it can not be recommended to any viewer who does not want to sit and climb over Glover's picture or follow a surprisingly simple one? the thread of his narration. For a more non-obligatory viewer, yes, it will probably appear as a confusing mish-porridge of strange, stunning and disturbing images for images. You have the feeling that Glover does not mind what is the case, and he will almost certainly like to hear why someone hated the film because he enjoyed it. Glover's innate desire for his work and how the audience interprets him strongly communicates not only through the film itself, but also through the unusual sessions of the questions and answers often performed after the presentation; it is clear that people will continue to think about what he has presented. The easiest way to interpret and reject the film is to call it Dada or Nihilist, the attack of a minor on the modern film industry. an actor who worked both without and inside. But there is a reason why Glover is performing his slideshows before he shows his film, and it's not just about selling books; His books versus creating a story from the pictures and text Glover put together, and what is it? similar to Western culture images. What is it? is a cute and tempting movie in a way that you can hardly expect while watching. Much has been done about Glover's use of actors with Dawn Syndrome, and this is truly one of the most striking aspects of the film. In fact, it is so disturbing that many interpret it as some kind of far-reaching Crusade to see a more realistic and / or more dignified display of disabled people in movies and television? Or, at the absolute second end of the spectrum, as a kind of direct exploitation of the disabled. But it's not even that, and maybe that's part of what makes this movie so much unfavorable to many: the basic program is not political or hatred, but watching out of the mainstream in some kind of outsider ugly. This is not a film about Dov's syndrome, but a movie owned by actors with the new syndrome that appears in it. I am the person who is totally gong-ho when it comes to the ugly and the odds that are so sharply shown to be beautiful; Good luck for me, this is pretty accurate how is it? is presented to viewers. Glover uses strange images of snails, deaths and invalids, partly because he wants his audience to feel uncomfortable either because of a purely unusual image or because of a visceral reaction to the dying scream of anthropomorphic snail. In a way, oddly convincing (and occasionally grotesque) elements "What is it?" Remind me of the work of the painter Francis Bacon ?? he is from the infamous popes, yes, and the strange distortions of the human figure that inevitably make the viewers push and want to distract the view. Like Bekon's paintings, Glover's film is able to be luxurious and humble, grainy and polished, chaotic and well-realized? and contradictions help make it more worrying. But it is not a very serious film, and it is largely able to bypass the biggest traps of pretension using humor, which mainly stems from using (and opposing) famous things, pictures and names of popular culture. And when is that? It's funny, it's very funny. All in all, what is it? is an impressive first film from Glover as a director and writer, and his presence as an actor in the film proves that there is almost no distraction that could be expected. Watching is an observer in a dream that is not very good or bad, but just strange? And it leaves you feeling a little dirty when you wake up. If this is the kind of art you enjoy, what is it? will probably surpass your expectations and be worth the effort to capture in the theater, along with Big Slide Shov and Glover himself. All in all, it's an experience you will not forget soon.
