It's about embezzlement, Peter Ustinov, who infiltrated the British company, Teka-Conn or something similar, presenting himself as a computer sorcerer and security expert. He secretly learns to hack a computer while collecting the admiration of his boss, Carl Malden, the hostility of his rival in the office, Bob Newhart, and the love of his incompetent secretary, Maggie Smith. Business details were a bit blurry for these non-business-oriented eyes, but they were convincing enough and I got a general idea. Ustinov, the discerning Peter, establishes bogus jobs in Paris, Rome and Stuttgart, and uses the Teka-Conn computer to send all kinds of money to these facilities. Overseas companies, of course, consist of themselves, Ustinov, and the addresses are an abandoned artistic basement in Paris, a barber shop in Rome and a bakery in Germany. He simply visits them to collect the checks he sent. I did not think I would like the first few minutes because it looked pretty slow. I was expecting something with a faster pace and more rage, modeled on Pink Panther or The Lavender Hill Gang. But this movie gets you into your good grace until you begin to appreciate the underestimating humor in complication, characterization, and dialogue. It would probably be bad to give up too much of the subtle calculus, but here are some examples of the more noticeable. Ustinov to Secretary Smith: "Give me the resources of these companies." Smith: "Means? What are they?" Ustinov: "Little ladies donkeys." Now, nothing is done from this small exchange. There is a quick cut and no delay for any laughter, which is appropriate because the reaction is more likely to be a smile than a laugh. Ustinov searches for this dark apartment in Paris. It's covered with spider. The bricks were scattered around the eye, and several pictures of the former tenants left behind. The host does not speak English and Ustinov does not speak French. Ustinov points to the naked eye of a naked woman and laughs: "Ah, fam fie-tal, huh?" The owner laughed, and answered: "Vous le prenez pour une anee?" Ustinov: "Oh - ANNIE, that's her name!" Landlord: "Oui?" Ustinov: "Entente cordiale!" Bob Meshart as Villard Gnatpole (!) Has a buzz about Maggie Smith and should drive her home, but tells her she's taking a "picturesque way". There is an immediate range of suggestive traffic signs. "Caution." "Lai-Bi." "Give way." "Yield." It ends with the ruling "STOP / DECOM". There is another installation when the board of directors will reveal the Ustinov scheme - the murky roofs, the police car, the farewell embrace of Maggie, ending with the sign: PRISON, pelin. maybe another one. I still can not overcome Malden as a boss, decisively declaring: "I never bother about making decisions," then I pull my fist pill and wash them with a glass of water. The acting is undeniably fine. For example, this is the best role of Bob Newhart. It was not that he had so much, and not that his scope was limited, but he is perfect in this part. The music record of Laurie Johnson obviously made a lot of effort into it. Apparently she wrote a short flute concert. Ustinov's passion is music and his overseas institutions are led by fake names such as Klod Debisija and Djakkonino Rosina. The Stuttgart fake president is someone named Schmidt, and he is an anomalous clinker. Maggi Smith is beautiful, sexy, bourgeois, and it turned out that she was not as stupid as it seems. Beautiful, in your quiet way, but do not expect a comic fireworks.
