"Hot Millions" is a wonderful comedy that is even better thanks to the presence of a wonderful actor who has been composed for him. The film is the honor of the genius of Peter Ustinov, who wrote the play and appears as a key figure of undertaking embezzlement. The film, directed by Eric Till, does not show the dates of dating as terrible, as some others from that period. In the center of the action is a friendly man, Marcus Pendleton, who, before release from prison, sets up income tax forms for the manager, who is amazed by the compensation he owes the government. Marcus, who is a genius in numbers, sees opportunities where others would not. He starts working for a company that uses the latest computer for its accounting, but Pendleton is a resourceful man who finds a way to use the system and set up different false accounts in different parts of the continent. Marcus was assigned a secretary, who also owns an apartment in his own building. The unattended Patti was seen working as a driver driving a bus that manages to make a mess of everything. As she came to work as a secretary, this is incomprehensible, but things are never the same in the office when the creepy Villard Gnatpole decided to go after her, but she is not afraid, Patti's heart belongs to Marcus, who is an excellent pianist and she is a flutist and together make great music. The best thing in the film is Peter Ustinov. Obviously he realized how Marcus should play and run with the film. Mr. Ustinov gives a reliable statement of embezzlement. Excellent Maggie Smith is also at her best bet with Patty, a kind woman who adores Marcus and who proves herself as a genius when it comes to investing money in Marcus's pockets. Karl Malden is perfect as an American corporate governor. Bob Nevhart also appears as Gnatpole, a man who wants Patti, but he can not make it back. Wonderful Robert Morley is seen as Caesar Smith, whose identity Marcus assumed. Cesar Romero also appears in the camera role of airport customs inspectors. Hot Millions will delight anyone looking for fun in the company of this rude but charming character, Marcus Pendleton.
