This movie was sitting on my Tiva Sundays before I watched it. I was horrified that iuppie would only be bothered about bad relationships. I was wrong; this was an amazing trip to the fucking New York libido. The format is the same as Mak Ophuls "La Ronde", based on the performance of Arthur Schnitzler, who is assigned "inspired by credit." It starts from one prostitute, who stands at the corner of Brooklyn Street. is a homeowner who has sex with her on a car hood, but can not come in. He refuses to pay for it, when it's done, it answers to the mobile and takes a message. It runs with keys. Then the story switches to the contractor, who pays a professional call to the rich, boring New Irish woman who plays with him until he wakes up, and then She tells him how desperate and unhappy she is telling her that she is beautiful and happy, while she leaves, asks if she would have sex with her, she sits on him, she is refusing to go up and down, this time she comes, he leaves. Women and her husband are preparing dinner for their trendy friends. Hubby (Robert) talks about work, the wife (Ellen) is bored and transfers the subject to sex, and how often men and women are thinking about it. switches conversation in the desert. Later, after the guests leave, Ellen tries to get Robert into sex. Robert does not want any of this and puts a jazz record. Ellen includes the radio; Robert turns music; Ellen includes a TV; Robert turns on another TV. Cacophony follows. Ellen goes to the roof, Robert joins her. Ellen admits that she needs to experience more men than men except Robert. Robert says he must also experience men. Next we follow Robert when he visited artist Martin, played by Steve Buscemi. I would like Buscemi to have more such roles, where he is sexy, smart, completely desirable guy. Robert praises Martin's work, much more than he deserves, promises to take him to the show. Martin is excited, until it turns out that Robert speaks from the groin, that's all the mating dance. Robert tries to kiss Martin, on his lips, and Martin retreats, saying he is not gay. Robert claims that he is not gay, Martin is rude. Both admit that art works are bad. Robert will leave, when Martin allows Robert to kiss him. They understand, and Robert goes to Martin. Then follow Martin, while preparing for an exhibition at the Manhattan Gallery. He was hit by the receptionist, Anne, played by Rosario Davson. (I had to shorten some of these reviews to keep them under 1000 words) ... and they make love to each other. Next we follow Anu, who sits in a lunch place. Her boyfriend, Nick (Adrian Grenier), enters, carrying flowers. She is cold towards him; he's trying to figure out why. He gets information from her that she had sex with someone while in San Francisco. She addresses him to the fact that he stayed with his former gif while he was in San Francisco and had sex with her. It turns out that the second revelation is a lie. The two of them are in the luncheonette, but she decides they must interrupt. Nick is broken heart. And we follow Nicka, who admits his troubles to an elderly woman who is lucky on the bench in the park, Joei (Carol Kane). Joey is kinda strange and resembling a child, but she's a good audience for Nike, who needs a nice ear. The two go to Conei Island at night and watch the stars. Nick belongs to Joei, although there is a difference between them in years. They return to Joey's apartment, and Nick gradually realizes that he will have sex with a crazy old woman. She is on it, she does not want to let him go. But he managed to escape. (This is, by the way, the best role of Caroline Kane since playing Latke's wife in a taxi.) Joey's phone rings and it's a man who calls Friends Friend Friends. , and Joei is one of the psychic friends. Although she still hurts from Nick, she gradually enters the psychic. The man is in his office, late at night, and wants to have phone sex with her. Although it's not Joey's job, Joey leaves, and urges a man to come. He wants to continue to talk, even though a man wants to turn himself off, and finds out that he has misappropriated a lot of money from his company and will be discovered tomorrow. His life was destroyed. Joey realizes that a man will commit suicide, and tries to make him believe that she is his friend, that he cares about him. And she cares about him. But a man puts a pistol in a briefcase, and goes to search for a prostitute on Brooklyn's waterfront, and we're back to the beginning, La Ronde started the same prostitute. He wants to give him $ 75,000 in cash if he kills him. He tried to kill himself, but he could not. A prostitute does not want that, but he insists, holding her hand, holding a gun in her mouth, telling her where to aim. Finally, the pistol goes out, and we see a prostitute walking along the street and arriving in the corner where he normally operates. The artist, who had not paid her earlier in the film, rises out of the window. They look at each other. THE END.
