The origin of this film is for me a mystery, because I only know how much IMDB worked before I rented it. I guess before "Starship Troopers", "Killshot" was one of countless pilots who never reached the network, the cable or anyone else. The new title "Kill Shot" is comically thrown into the introductory sequence, the first of many quick tracks that this was never intended for cinema. Quick cuts, Melrose Place music and short shots of major actors in close-ups of 2 seconds allow you to find out what you need. And I have nothing against everything. I rented this movie looking at the repackage that Casper Van Dien and Denise Richards puts on the front page in front of the volleyball net, thinking that it would be funny to see them in the movie next to the Starship Troopers SciFi Travesty (an excellent book, in my opinion, is not such a hot movie - but this is another review). After I looked at IMDB, my roommate and I assumed that the pilot was dragged out after the apparent success of Troopers and Richards' career (see Bond-Girl and Vild Things references). They dropped into the scene of smaller-sex intercourse to reach the prestigious R-rated status - desirable in uncertain video rental sections, i.e. In any case, they should have left it without rating if you are trying to sell it in the porn section of the suspense / softcore. All in all, it's fun. I hate to spoil the party to tell you it's a TV pilot. It was the biggest crowd while watching it - when you expect a movie movie and get a TV show, the differences between them seem clearer than usual. Would I rent it again? Not. Will I watch this TV show? Well, why not - it's better than Baivatch. Their scanty attempts to strike on all demographic data would be well under way in the mid-nineties. Token Black (who is gay to avoid the TV tab of inter-racial dating), token Asian (Japanese, I suppose, from the name Koji) is more skilled in science and computers than talking to women, beautiful, intelligent Latina pre-med student has everything for her, except for her family's bank account - this broadcast would probably be fine. But as a movie, it just made me cracked. I gave it 7 10, considering what it was and what it was forced to become. It was made for a very pleasant evening, and that's all I ask for renting.
