What else could I say? The Americans hated him completely because the American cut was so bad, even though you could discover the fundamental good will in it. Speaking of the American theater release (along with the recently released Blu-ray Disc), it's faster and tougher than HK cuts, the background music has changed from dark, dark HK music to Hip Hop music ; and there were many disgusting scenes. Although dubbing was a noteworthy piece of work since they tried to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is Hak Hap (black mask), the film is designed and designed to be dark, dark, very disturbing and totally horrible. Very sadly, the American edition only picked up the cream they wanted, which in turn completely changed the tone of the film (ranking was 18+) to be even more comical and amateur. Now we will talk about the original HK release. This film is like a hidden gem, prototype of the whole "matrix" of the tide and era. Fight scenarios are totally terrible even when cameramen were "old-school" among HK movies. However, the style that the film created was a unique blend of Kungfu and pop culture. With all leather, black costumes and ornaments, this film features a Batman superhero in a black mask against a gang of multinational super-soldiers who lead a punky heavi metal rock star. Yes, it sounds like the imagination of a retarded child, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie will give you nightmares, with strangers struggling in bloodshed in leather coats. In 2002 they made a sequel that had a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu King Iun. And you know how bad this is because Li and Liu were the main characters in the film and they had strong personalities and interesting friendships. And, did I mention Francois Ip? Her blow to the house was completely cold, even colder than the boss of the villain because she did not use the stuntman for all the fighting. Did I mention that it was also hot? After all, the movie has many things to love. However, the film also had a lot of problems. Firstly, this is the central scenario made at its best, which means that this production team deserves a better scriptwriter. There are many climaxes in all of the 100 minutes, but they often feel unexpected and do not make sense to the audience (the US version was worse because all characters were diminishing). In any case, you can not ask too much of a comic stripe of an inspired action movie. Also, this film is completely inappropriate for children. I will not recommend you if you are under 20 years old. It is saturated with disturbing content, including blood, blood, sadomasochistic costumes, extreme brutal violence, and so on. Together with the style of the movie, it can be called a wet dream for fans of rock music and action fans. (the American cut was milder, but if you want to see it, look at the HK issue for what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspiring, hidden, underrated, adult.
