[No Spoilers] As a film by David Linch, one might imagine that he shows this puzzling mind like most of his feature films. But that's the real story that the title can suggest. Do not, except to be caught in the usual Linchian that is inexplicable and which usually occurs after watching, ie, The lost highway. It's a simple movie, but it's really a great movie. It is also from an innovative and entertaining aspect. It's innovative because it's not Linch. But maybe it's IS Linch. He loves to curl our minds and therefore connects a movie that seems very mainstream and far from Linch himself. As a very avant-garde director, he could make such a film just to tease his regular audience because he knows what he's expecting, but he does not give it to them. That would be cunning. The film tempo is slow. Almost say the speed of the lawnmower ... Do not expect a action orgy, but the movie is really fun for those who follow the course of the movie. Take a good look at those tiny details that Linch works through the movie for our party. Look for the great cinema that this movie brings to life. And listen to Badalamenti's score and the main theme that really animates the often portrayed landscapes of Iova and Visconsin. Farnsvorth sets one of her best performances in this film, making it one of the most eminent people ever featured on the movie. He does not have to say anything to express his feelings and thoughts. His serenity only glinted through him and his acting work brought him an Oscar nomination. Do I have to say that his poor health in this movie did not behave? He was diagnosed with cancer and shot immediately after the end of this film. This knowledge only puts more emphasis on film because it becomes more respectful to Farnsworth. All this forms a very beautiful film image that is suitable for all types of people who love the film the way they should be doing. Homilies that are not so obvious and somewhat naive may be sought, but this does not destroy the whole picture, since it is an unforgettable movie. 9/10.
