David Linch usually makes movies that resemble puzzles, wrongly. It's interesting to look and think, but they do not really gel in your mind. Perhaps art will always mean the most for its creator. Straight Story is not a typical David Linch film. However, there is nothing typical about them. It's an odyssey through rural America. Traveling in real life Alvin Straight took the mower to get to his brothers' home. He drove 300 miles from Laurens, Iowa to Mt. Zion, Wisconsin is being redeemed to his sick brother for past transgressions. In the heart of this film is the sweet voice of Richard Farnsvorth. He brings Alvin Straight straight to us in a simple and sincere way. The fact that the film is slow is in the way of Alvin's slow progress towards realization. On the way, Alvin meets a confused and scared young girl. She is pregnant and has decided to escape from her situation. After listening to Alvin, she talks about the family she is considering. Later, Alvin testifies that an upset woman with her car kills deer. She complains she killed several and left. Alvin feels bad, but smart enough to cook some meat that night. Later Alvin mower loses brakes and almost kills him. A nice man and his wife let him stay in their backyard until he corrected him. He even let him call his sweet, but slow daughter, who was beautifully actressed by Sissi Spacek, who was persecuted by a terrible tragedy in her past. Alvin insists on paying the call. A man even offers to take Alvin with his brothers with pleasure. Alvin thanks gratitude. As Alvin waits, he also goes to the bar with a kind old man while discussing the cruelty of the war and the price they have taken from their souls. Alvin even acknowledges the fatal mistake he made as a sniper who had been persecuted for ever. He speaks them at prices wisely by calling for high labor costs and repairs. They even help them to respect each other by learning their own mistakes with their brother. At night before Alvin leaves the mansion of a man, he takes off his hat. A man tells him that he has the honor to stay and ask Alvin to write to him. This scene is perfect in its simplicity. It's sincere because it's so straight, so real. The journey continues and we can not help getting more and more involved in it. We want Alvin to come to his brothers. We want to get it off. We want to know that this world is full of forgiveness. This was Richard Farnsvorth at its best. It was his last film and his performance was incredible. You can not but understand his pride, listen to his wisdom, and finally feel his pain. A man becomes as much as he takes it as a man who offers his yard to stay. If there is justice in the afterlife, then Alvin Straight, his brother and Richard Farnsvorth sat in the bar together. I can imagine them talking about their lives, regrets, hopes and joys. As Alvin says in the film, "My brother and I were looking at the stars." Well, I know that everyone with the best view of the house.
