After the release of The Straight Story in 1999, it was praised that it was David Linch's first film that ignored his regular themes of ghostly and surrealism. Based on the true story of a man and his journey to visit his alienated brother on John Deere '66 mower, at first glance his strange story is for Linch to direct. However, as the story evolves, you can see some of the Linch trademarks that come over. Linch's focus on the small city of America and its residents is still prevailing as in previous efforts such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most significant difference is that the weirdness is reduced. The imposed restrictions mean that the film has a notable acknowledgment that it is one of the few feature films I can remember and have a G rating. Incredibly significant, this film is proof that beautiful and important family films can be produced. Straight Story was the first feature Linch directed where he had no hand in writing. For many Linch devotees this was a huge negative point. Almost universally acknowledged, the only excessively negative review by James Brundage from filmacritic.com focused on this criticism, that it was not a typical Linch film. "Linch fights in the form of a G-Rated story that is not his." Brundage claims that his protagonist Alvin Straight "quoted the lines directly from Confucious." He argues that the story is weak, and the dialogue is even worse. However, this is the only criticism that many will read for the film. Although it's true that it's not Linch in terms of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - all the films I adore, The Straight Story has a different side of Linch which is by no means horrible. If you're a fan of Linch, it's the most important thing to separate that page from Linch with this feature. The story is slow and thoughtful, which gives you the true meaning of the protagonist's thought while traveling to his destination. Alvin is constantly reminded of his past and his relationship with his wife, children and brother. It is especially important that there are no flashbacks, which only add an effect, which reminded me of my conversations with my grandfather and grandmother. It has come to the conclusion that the ship is descending down the river, which is slowly wrapped and that it is beautiful to watch. The natural landscapes of the United States are accentuated and together with the beautiful soundtrack of Angela Badalamenti, I am urging me to go to America. The performances are also excellent with every convincing actor in their roles and Richard Farnsvorth is particularly great. His Oscar nomination was highly deserved and it was a shame that he did not win. Regardless, it's probably the best song for every actor. While The Straight Story does not display any of Linch's complex narratives or trademark dialogs, the film is a fascinating study of the character of aging and comes highly recommended!
