Who would have thought that a movie about a man who drives several hundred miles on his mower to see his brother could be a good cinema? I'm certainly not. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the boring experiences in my life. I was wrong as I did not make too much mistake, because this is one of the best, most reckless and sincere Hollywood films I've ever seen ... Give a short summary of "Straight Story" is not very difficult. It's about an old and stubborn man who moves to a lawnmower and goes to another state to pay his brother a visit when he heard that a man had a severe stroke. It's already special for itself, but what makes it even more special is the fact that he did not see his brother in ten years for some stupid argument. In the meantime, it has its share of bad luck and problems, but it also sees many people whose lives in one way or another affect their philosophical approach to life. Despite all the difficulties she sits on for weeks, not knowing whether she will achieve her goal: see her brother again before it's too late ... I can easily understand why there are people who do not love this movie and that is also the reason why I will not say that these people have no heart or similar things ... This movie has no glittering action scenes, it's slow like a lawn mower. I drive further and no, you do not have to watch it for even fine music, because it's gone. But why should I watch? Well, a simple answer is a story. I have not seen such a touching film with such a powerful story, often from the fact that it actually comes from Hollywood and - that things get even better - from Disney Studio (that is, the exact same study that sweats us with sweet sugar nonsense) makes it even more special. I am not ashamed of admitting that I have seen tears in my eyes several times, probably because the whole situation of not seeing for many years, for some stupid argument, is too realistic for me. Some people will argue that the story is very shallow, but I disagree with that. Perhaps because they see only that old man riding a mower and does not want to think further. If you look close enough, then you will realize that this man is doing all this because he knows that he once was wrong, that only his pride was on his way to see his brother again and that he wants others to see the same, so he will not do the same mistake. If it's not deep enough, how much deeper then the story has to go for you? I would also add that this film really had everything. Some beautiful landscapes (finally an American film showing something other than the sky in New York City, Chicago or some other great city), a very fine work by Richard Farnsworth, Sissi Spacek ... and a very understandable way to say despite that The fact that this is a film David Linch. Now I know I made a mistake assuming that this movie would not be my taste. It's one of the best movies I've seen for a long time. This film was designed for my heart and hit the eye. I'm giving him a full 10/10.
