"A really nice story with the moral of brotherly love" describes this strange film by David Linch. This was especially "weird" because it was not a film that Lynch published in the last 15-20 years. These were dark and shocking films (Blue Velvet, Vild At Heart, Mulholland Drive) and this is the opposite. I know he disappointed many of his fans. Others were thrilled with it. I consider myself one of the last, and I own all three "dark" films. This was another alleged life story detailing the way of an elderly man in a seated mower from West Iowa to Visconsin to see his sick brother whom he had not talked to for years but wanted to see before than this one dies. Well, I guess the premise - an old man driving a mower - 400 miles - it still makes a strange movie, so Linch stays in character with that! Richard Farnsvorth plays the lead role. He is a type of man, wise, voice-wise, with a low level of personality that everyone likes. Wrinkles on his face speak many stories. It was so sad that it happened with him in real life a year after this film was released. The first 25 minutes of this film is not much, and it's not always pleasant because it shows the main adult and mentally ill child (Sissi Spacek) and her tragic past, but when Alvin Straight (Farnsvorth) begins his journey, Raise. I played this for a few friends and they thought that the movie NEVER picked up, but I am even more generous with it. I think it's a hidden gem. For them, it was a sleeping pill. I found his trip quite fascinating, but you have to advance in advance that this will not be a tense story about Linch. It's slow, and if that's okay, maybe you like this. Charm enters the picture with some people Alvin meets on the road, like a young young girl running and some nice city people who help the old man when in trouble. (Henri Cada as "Daniel Riordan, in this regard is highlighted.") Harri Dean Stanton gets a third billing, but it's a joke: he's only in the last few minutes of the film! Iowa sceneries I lived there a few Years and I can testify about the hills and rich soil, it's a nice situation with good people ... like this movie.
