Perhaps more than many films, this is not for everyone. For some people, the idea of ​​slowing down, thinking and allowing things to happen in their time is a good description of their own personal hell. For others, an approach such as this tells a profound part of himself that he knows exists, some part they are craving for contact. I assume it's a function where I am today in my life, but I count on the camp of this other group. I found the meditative tempo of this film almost hypnotic, gently leading me to some area almost mythically. This is a travelogue story, a rich image of distance that many of us have to travel if we want to reach the full circle at the end of our day. True, although I'm not sure there are words that could express the extraordinary balance of confused sadness and the wicked innocence he appealed to us. Now that I knew that he truly reconciled with his mortality while sitting on a tractor seat, I wished I had the opportunity to spend time with him before his departure. I hope he had a small gash of satisfaction and the truth that he brought to so many people, not only because of the "acting", but because he shares his absolute humanity with such brutal sincerity. economics, I'm not sure that Mr. Lynch was devoted a great deal of mercy to the courage he showed by allowing the story to develop so slowly. As an outsider in film production, I still understand that there are several areas of modern life in which the term "time-money" is so precisely described. Entering deep into our hearts is not an adventure that can be rushed, and Mr Lynch seems to realize that he simply does not tell the story - he urged his viewers to spend some time with their mortality. There is no simple task, that. If you want to experience the power of a movie to get to know it with some precious part of yourself, you could do even worse than spending a couple of hours with Straight Story. Then give yourself time for the next little one, while you just listen to her echoes in the small night hours.
