It's hard to find a really bad historical drama that is based on the life of any number of British monarchs. Just take a reputable British or Australian actor, make them look nice, and you are guaranteed a formula for the success of the Oscar. and beautiful, with soft lights and lush colors and fabrics. Starring Emily Blunt in the role in which finally can go, the film begins with the 18th birthday of Victoria and moves through the intrigues and problems that surrounded her eventual rise to the throne and her famous marriage with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend). While young Victoria complains, she moves like a chess pawn by various parties while finding her position and voice as one of the most influential British rulers. While this movement around the chessboard is quite a typical territory, it's the development of Victoria's relationship with Albert, which makes the movie more interesting. I admit: I have a Bachelor of Science degree with a Victorian specialization, so I'm a little tied to these figures. Despite many shortcomings as rulers, Victoria and Albert were some of the first leaders dedicated to improving civilization for their people. They have left their heritage in art, public health and education, as well as Victorian conservative views and culture of mourning after Albert's death. But these things are only briefly suggested during the film. <Br /> <br /> It's pretty well established that the Victoria and Albert were not only madly in love, but maintained the level of respect for each other that are not normally seen between the monarch. in agreed marriages. Even if it happened behind the scene, they were certainly one of the most famous. Blunt and and Friend have only the right kind of chemistry for the justice of the famous couple, the correct mixture of restraint and despair. It's a different kind of love, which is usually not shown on the screen, especially in this type of movie. It is encouraging to finally see the relationship in which a man and a woman are on an equal footing. But we do not see this love enough. While filmmakers try to fit into the scandal among political attributes, they do not exactly create the kind of swing that is needed to keep the tension high. Also, without interfering in the more advanced important public work of the couple, things feel a bit limp, superficial, rather intimate, and sometimes confusing. It is not so much a question during the film, but after that the effects of the rapid wear and you try to remember what you just watched, despite the perfect performances of the leading, most obviously Blunt who even recorded and famous expressions monarch. As much as it is trying, Victoria succeeds on many levels, but he lacks a certain spark that would take him from solid to classic.
