Just when it was easy to assume that a costume drama about the royal family can not go anywhere, a delicacy, a moving and intelligent drama, anchored in strong and charismatic performances Emili Blunt, the main role in the lead, Paul Betania, Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong , as direct forces that help shape one of the most powerful English monarchs. "Young Victoria" dramatizes the turbulent transition of a young woman to power. Emily plays the queen, with a good combination of raw power and innocence, someone who recognizes the complexity of the task, but has enough confidence to move forward. She is able to portray Victoria as an insight into a young woman who knows she needs support from some key players and must be able to confront those who could now have her best interests. Victoria must be on her way to the crown, and when she takes over the command over her new position, she discovers that the path to self-sustainability will depend on making very important decisions and, of course, from the right support. Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who seems to like her and that her soul is related. Between these two performers there is incredible chemistry, and there is no doubt as to the outcome, but there is also the figure of Bettanyi's prime minister, a man who offers some wise support to Victoria and who is also dear to her. <br /> <Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong strongly support roles as two parties that can be questionable and have significant strength in upbringing a young girl. Each of the characteristic characters can use little more than development, but what we can see on the screen can be enough to focus on the central character and superior performance of Blunt, an actress who has shown enough fire and passion in previous performances. Here she got the role of her career, a historical personality from real life, who violated the rules and managed to rule for a long time. It shows the seeds of strength and character that the monarch could have in later years. She also has the sweetness and innocence that has become the basis of her charity work and future intervention in social change. "Young Victoria" is not a royal epic depiction of the ruling class in England. It is an intimate story about how people grow and how they surround themselves and shape specific circumstances. In the end, the film is a great entry for a year that has shown great emphasis on war and destruction. There is a message here that good writing and good mediation can lead us away, and there is, of course, a good old-fashioned love story.
