Who knew him? Dowdy Kueen Victoria, a thick Monarch who was 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, actually led a life full of drama and intrigue in her younger days. "Young Victoria" not only depicts a young queen romance with her future husband, but rather describes quite well the political machinations of the rise to the throne. The law I set up 'lures you right away. After the death of Viktoria's father, Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after Victoria's birth, the Duchess of Kent eventually joined the former army officer John Conroy, who offered his services as a controller to the widow and her little queen. Conroy insisted that Victoria be erected under the cruel Kensington system, the rules designed to prevent the future queen from having any contact with other children as she grows up. Moreover, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she became a queen. The film explains that in 1830 Parliament adopted the Regency Law, which found Victoria's mother to become a regent (and therefore the Guardian) in the event that Victoria joined the throne while she was still under age. During that time, the Duchess and Conroy had tried to intimidate the unfortunate princess and insisted on signing the papers, making Conroi the private secretary and treasurer. Powerful Victoria would have none of it, and refused to join the unusual plans of Conroi and her mother. The Duchess did not like King Villy when she considered him a philanderer who brought disrespect to the monarchy; The king felt that the Duchess did not respect his wife. As a result, the Duchess tried to limit Victoria's contact with the king. On the top scene, which seems to have really come into history, the king talked about a Duchess at a birthday feast, arguing that his goal was to survive until Victoria reached her 18th birthday, so that her mother would not become a regent. King William kept his word and died shortly after Victoria gained the right to access the throne. Victoria revived her mother for supporting Conroi, who blamed childhood for being so poor. Both were driven to a hideout apartment in the Buckingham Palace and for several years Victoria had little contact with her mother. 'Young Victoria' conveys excitement and pomp and the circumstances surrounding Victoria's crown as a queen. . Much of the film deals with Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, a premier unfortunately shown in the film as much younger than he actually was. Initially Melbourne gets the confidence of a young queen and becomes good friends. In the first years of her reign, she sees Melbourne as progressive, but later loses respect for him, as she has discovered that she is a typical politician, hiding her contempt for the masses she should be advocating. In reality, Melbourne was more of a paternal figure of Victoria, but the film suggests some sexual tension between Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic rivals. The plot thickens when Melbourne is forced and the queen has to order Sir Robert Peel, a more conservative party of Thorie, as the new prime minister. The film shows the events of 'Crisis in the bedroom' in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her dormitories with the wives of Tories politicians. The film omitted another scandal involving Lady Hastings, one of the duchess-ladies who were waiting, who is accused of having an affair with John Conroy and pregnant with him. Because of her hatred of Conroy, Victoria has contributed to the loud rumors of Hastings's alleged pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings only appeared in pregnancy that actually had a tumor on the abdomen. Victoria's inexperience emerges during a crisis in the bedroom, but screenwriters ignore some of the more unfavorable aspects of her character as witnessed by the Hastings affair. The rest of the "Young Victoria" deals with - of course - the romance between Queen and Prince Albert. Victoria kept Albert waiting, as the film clearly shows, because she wanted to adapt to her duties as a new ruler. They spent a lot of time corresponding to each other until Albert returned to England and supported Victoria in the difficult times of the sleep crisis. I find a large number of parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip of the current queen's husband. While Filip was mostly Danish, he attended a school in Germany and had a family in Germany. Both Albert and Philip did their job by reforming the label in the court (there is a great scene in which Albert discovers that servants are still setting up a table for King George III, although he was dead for years). Albert's fight was the same for Philip as the monarch's husbands, they had to find something they could do. Both Albert and Philip joined in various civic projects and proved that they did not have to live in the shadow of their always-popular wives. Fortunately, there is a great scene at the end of the movie. where Albert awakens Victoria with what she perceives as his "interference" in her affairs. Albert does not want another 'crisis in the bedroom', so he goes over his wife's head and arranges a compromise involving ladies in Victoria. Victoria barely talks to Albert when the killer shot almost cuts both of them (Albert shot in the film, but that never happened!). The performance in the film is equally excellent, especially the principals, Emili Blunt and Rupert Friend. Young Victoria ends quite rapidly, and final credits rely heavily on hagiography (without mentioning Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But 'Victoria' is still an interesting drama and a fascinating history watch.
