Queen Victoria's misfortune is to define himself as a historical figure in accordance with her relationship with men. Shortly after she was succeeded by the throne, she came under the influence of her prime minister, Lord Melbourne, to the extent that she became known as "Mrs. Melbourne". After the death of her beloved wife, Albert, she was named "Widow in Windsor", and years later, a long friendship with her Scottish ghilli John Brovne earned her the nickname "Mrs Brovn." in a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different and "young Victoria" is going in a certain way to correct the record, showing the queen as an intelligent and independent young woman who is aware of the inequality in her society and her court. Courts have always been the focus of jealousy, conspiracy and counter-conquest, bare ambitions and sometimes, complete murder. As an 18-year-old innocent, Victoria rose to the throne of the throne, initiating a positive intrigue orgy and a power struggle between Prime Minister Melbourne and his rival, Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne, in a way, drew people in the old state school with his finely tuned cynicism and his well-lit jeweled tips. It is no surprise then that the young queen is in awe of him, and even perhaps a little fallen in love, with which he ruthlessly exploits, drawing a fine line between attempts to seduce and attempt to rebel as he pursues his policy against Victorian better judgment. Prince Albert, on the mission of King Leopold of Belgium, is driving in the arena, interested in political rapprochement between Great Britain and the rest of Europe. At first an unwilling cop, soon he falls in love with the English queen and mitigates the influence of politicians and halls. "The Ioung Victoria" is a beautifully photographed, brilliantly rated and very luxurious film. I noticed that in some circles he was criticized for this splendidness as if a film about the English tribe of the 19th century should somehow show the Empress of India and her family living in cloths in a dirty house ... I do not think so. I must point out the extraordinary Miss Emily Blunt whose beauty reminded me of young princess Margaret. It is obviously a key role, and she has absolutely no problems to dominate the film despite the strong performances of the g. Walter, all of the more incredibly experienced. Music is conveniently rack-shaped and forms a cohesive part of the entire movie without being in any way intrusive. The fact that the British flourished more than two great queens, Elizabeth I and Victoria, but at any other time is the thing that the Feminists want to do more, but, I suppose, like Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher really powerful women make it feel If You understand why there may be a doctorate. in that.
