All in all, I thought it was a very nice movie - I hate to use the word 'nice' because it's dry, but it was very nice to watch, and Rupert Friend's and Rupert Friend's performances were very strong. Most of all I liked that, despite the great aesthetics of costumes and settings, all gilded and bright, this aspect never took over the heart of a movie that was a good, strong writer (thanks to Julian Felloves: D); nothing too luminous or saturated with pomp, ie. not sensationalized (when Victoria was taken out of bed to be informed that she was now the Queen, so you could not get a less glamorous hand than a crown). He walked gently, and each line of film kept its value. It is undoubtedly that there is a picture of love between Victoria and Alberta, although slightly fairy-tale on the face, in fact, a slow candle. Both Friends and Blunt have shown well how these two faces melded together, despite the fact that the union was originally arranged (my fave was when they returned home after the hunt, and Victoria simply embraced her new husband from afar; Blunt is also fond of his own, has a face that requires your attention, and I can not mention the costumes she wears - it's just so beautiful. If I was Blunt, I would have a problem to deal with any of the them! The rest of the acting ensemble played a good role, arriet Valter as the culmination of the Queen of Adelaide. The only suspicion that I have is that she misses a sense of urgency, or an event that could have made the film a little more exciting? (It was pretty pitiful) I do not know, I wanted that something happened that Victoria would come to power and prove that it was still worth it. When she and Albert claimed, I loved it, I could have done some more dramatic moments, although it can only be me. <br /> < > In the end, at the risk of sounding all patriotic, it restored some kind of pride and awe in the crown and what is the path To be in such a position, especially in one such young man. This can be partly due to the fact that the footage of this Victorian life film is immediately suitable for what I wrote for one of my characters in 'The Cat and the Descendant', but nevertheless it marked those feelings (for those who followed my book, can you possibly figure out what kind of character Victoria looks like?) Maybe it was partly on the film that showed that the government was at that time pointless, because it seems that they did not give two voices about the poor and the deprivation of the nation, which only alternately renews the recognition that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were so active in this domestic domain. The government looked pretty useless - nothing has changed, I suppose. BLOG on movies and books: http: //sempergratis.blogspot.com
