What else can I say? I was not so fascinated by the young actress since Kate Blanchett flew into the scene ten years ago. And although Blanchett and Blunt have now played Kueens (they seem to be a benchmark for advanced actors), the roles are complete polar opposites. Simply put, if you are looking for a high passion, an inviting drama, and a Machiavellian intrigue, this is not a movie for you. This does not mean that the script or direction was bad, except that the theme of the film did not lead too dramatic lives compared to other important royal families like Elizabeth I, Anne Boilen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Elainor of Ackuitane. These are people whose lives were the things from which good soap operas were made and whose policies and decisions changed the course of the British, and in most cases the world history. In contrast, Victoria, without incident, raised to the throne, she quasi-administered a nation that rapidly became a global force for industrialization and the rise of the navy, her country had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and married the young have a harmonious family Life. The facts of her life are not Sturm and Drag like powerful drama. The heart of the film, in addition to trying to dramatize her disturbing upbringing and mechinacy around her throne, is a story of one thing that is really shocking and surprising for her reign - a love story. Marriage made for financial or political reasons does not necessarily have to be a place to search for a world of trembling passion, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as a kind of loyalty, happiness and an ideal family life. So, at the heart of the film is love for Victoria and her prince Alberto. I was very enthusiastic about Rupert's characterization of Albert, whom he portrayed as a kind, patient, somewhat serious and possibly touching naive young man who wants to "do good in the world and help." In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure that would be based on the drama, but as it is not the point of a story, it does not matter. The heart of character shines thanks to a friend's underestimated but serious performance. As for the queen, well .. Emily Blunt is sublime. Her beauty can not be denied, but she is more than something to look at; her face is as alive as her expression. The smallest arch of the eyebrow, eye view or a gentle smile deliver so much. Again, this is not a bombastic performance of heavy speech and passionate pleasures, and this is not such a film. But what Ms. Blunt is working with is to show the simplicity of humanity of character with powerful subtlety. For example, we see that the vigor held by Victoria (Miranda Richardson) and her counselor / mistress Conroi is expressed in simple things like Victoria trying to sketch her dog. We see her joy and fascination when she first met Albert with her eyes that constantly attracted him. We see her nervous and overwhelmed when she addresses Parliament to her ascension. And my favorite scene of all in the movie - we see her nervous, happy and hopeful because she makes herself to do what most women do not always have to do in her life - ask a man who loves to marry, a proposal so funny for those times (and some would now say) that Viktoria bursts with nervous laughter before he can say "marry me". I repeat, this is not a film that is larger than life's expressions, but more studies of subtleties of character and the creation of small things so much. So, all in all, I judge the film according to what it is and what it tried to do and as such give it. 7. I felt that some policy could be better explained and some very fine actors with little work and little development of character, Miranda Richardson as a Kent duchess and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the film does not need to spend much time on these characters, but a little more exposure would help explain the political environment. I would also like to see more adjustments to the marriage between Victoria and Alberto, but this can only be my greed for more scenes between Friends and Blant. In short, do not look at this film in terms of historical drama, but what it really is, love stories between two characters who are historical figures. I gave this film a solid 7 for wonderful performances, great costumes and scenography and the magnificent Victoria of Emily Blunt. And anyone who has any piece of romance in you will be touched by the end of this movie. God saved the queen.
