To hold someone's hand when you walk along or down the stairs? Should others try food before eating? Coping with a mother who is overburdened? These are just some of the hurdles young Victoria has to deal with in this film (there are various struggles for power, as well as the attempts of her life). Needless to say, this is a very fascinating and informative look. Just before I saw Emily Blunt in The Devil Vears Prada (and a little bit). As it was in that movie, it is once again a standpoint. I was extremely impressed with her portrait of young Victoria, and she thought she played a very good role. She makes a transition from a young Victoria that we meet at the beginning of the film to Queen Victoria, which later becomes completely convincing. Blunt is perfectly thrown into the role, showing all the different sides (from the vulnerable, to the strong, from the young Victoria who makes mistakes to the queen who takes control). Can not say enough about Emily Blunt in this role. She is - quite simply - extraordinary, attracts your attention every second when on the screen. She keeps you eye on and turns on the final movie footage. Rupert's friend is proven to be well-dressed as Victoria's love interest (and possibly husband), Prince Albert. Actors have beautiful chemistry and you absolutely believe in their developmental relationship. They have their disagreements, but you can say they're in love. Blunt and Friend are great in every scene they share and keep you interested in what's happening between Victoria and Alberto. Other actors in the film are also very good. Paul Bettani as Lord Melbourne, Miranda Richardson as a Duchess of Kent, Mark Strong as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent as King William. There is no bad performance in this film. People who are less focused on them are well displayed, given the little time they have on the screen. Even the Victorian dog (Cavalier King Charles Spaniel named Dash) is an unforgettable and real impression in the film. - and instead * tells us * what happened (with her and Albert) on the screen, the most important thing is what we actually see *. This is, after all, a film about "Young Victoria" (not 'Medieval Victoria', or 'Old Victoria'). Although there are some decorations made in the history of this film, it remains focused on what it intends to do - which tells us the story of how the young princess came to power. The film looks incredible. , costumes Emily Blunt are visually stunning and music only adds to the movie, it never diminishes it. It's remarkably recorded and, unlike many movies these days, this movie is actually a good length, because it does not last so long that you lose interest or you feel that this is unnecessary pulling out. It is understood that what makes this movie so great is Emili Blunt. She is here in good shape, turning to another great performance and raising this film beyond what might have been, was the second actress thrown into this very important / historical role. This is a fine movie, with great performance that you should definitely see. If you have a confession for a fascinating look at a woman that was extremely important in history, this is a must.
