Film interests in the British monarchy continue with The Ioung Victoria (1837-1901) after seeing in the past years efforts by Keira Knightley, The Duchess, Elizabeth films by Cate Blanchett and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman. The Other Bolein Girl. More contemporary stories would include the rewarded photo of Queen Helen Mirren on the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II at the crossing of Princess Diana's death. Each of the mentioned films contained stunning actors with acting gravity (ok, so that some may challenge Johanson) or were the taste of their moment, and each film had a definite moment in the legacy of its historical character to become it was inconceivable to have these events, and in fact Elizabeth had enough to climb two films. However, the "Young Victoria" is, as the title suggests, battering the version of the life of the young queen, and if you are looking for that final event, or the main political intrigue that is troubling all royal households and their relationship with suspicious, self-serving politicians, unfortunately, depth. This does not mean that young Victoria is without. He was directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (best known for CRAZY) and written by Julian Felloves, this film chronicles in very simple terms, in the life and time of Victoria (Emily Blunt, who soon becomes a new girl) when she was a child, faced her before crowning, such as the desire of her mother, Duchess of Miranda Richardson, and her counselor, Sir Strong, to name themselves as a common Regent on her throne, as already planned by King Villiam ( Jim Broadbent). As if this was not enough, the game of political power enters the picture with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettani) as the prime minister waiting to gain the trust of the new queen and subtly planting his trusted allies on positions within the palace. On the one hand, you would realize the need for the young and the new queen to trust people in key positions, but on the other, do they really work in her interests or in the interests of others? Even this corner of intrigue enters into her romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationship makes up the bulk of the second half of the movie, and almost everything already included in the trailer. For both, they were raised under the influence of others, and they told every step of the way exactly what to do. Even their union can look like a solid registration of the alliance, if not for both lovers who recognize their common need to establish their own foundation, and to do so with the help of each other. Instead of being drunk, there is a constant search and exploration of the possibility of congestion, and sometimes absurd, rules and regulations. Confidence also becomes a lot of valuable goods, and loyalty can also be traded for the desire to set up a clean board. However, all these topics become only a breeze through the story, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there is so much moving here, especially the last few minutes filled with inter-titles, that actually leaves the audience wanting more, and of course a space for another movie, which I guess would probably not see a bright day, but maybe a television series could respond to the film's response, and come out with a mini-series or the like. It is a shame that all the efforts that are being invested in securing beautiful costumes, scenery and artistic directions would be limited to a film that is fairly easy in the dark and briefly mentioning themes, that they do not actually provoke protagonists to enable some <br /> < With his actors with the stars, one could expect more, but someone would want to have more of it. It is recommended for those who have ever been curious about kings and queens in the British Monarchy, only as a complement to other interesting stories available in other films mentioned above.
