Princess Victoria (Emili Blunt) is fine for the throne of England. Current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not good and may not live long. However, Vicki's mother, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her assistant, John Strong, want to force Victoria to sign documents and declare them "regents" until she is older because she is only 20 years old. The young lady refuses, despite being slapped by John. This is another sign that Victoria has strong will and deep love for her country. However, when William dies, shortly after his 21st birthday, Victoria knows she has a tough job ahead of her. First, it must surround itself with "real" advisers who are wise to manage. She chooses the handsome Lord of Melbourne (Paul Bettani), who, although an older man, is referred to as a Vicki Vicar. Which brings us to the second great decision of the young queen. Before she does not, the young queen should choose her future partner, because she will bring stability to her life and those in the kingdom, because the heir must appear in the coming years. In the meantime, in Germany, some distant relatives of the British royal family also exempt some plans. The handsome prince Albert (Rupert Friend), of the Saxon-Coburg dynasty, is encouraged by his father to judge the young English king. When he arrives in the palace, he is hit and it seems that the feeling is mutual. But, since he is a smaller player on the map of the Royal Struggle, can he succeed in winning her heart? This is a wonderful film, which made even better performance by Emili Blunt as Victoria. Yes, she is beautiful, but it is her intelligent reading of a role that is powerful. A friend works well as well as other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettani, Strong (what a repulsive role!), And the rest. Also, the film is magnificently shot, costed and set, making it a visual delight in every way. If something is missing, it is an additional dose of glittering, because the film seems to be somewhat overly clear and prosaic, from time to time, with a little immaterial editing. However, this is just a minor, smaller point in the argument in a whole very successful and wonderful movie. In short, young and old, they should find time for Young Victoria. It is the most deserving film among cinematographic offers in 2009.
