The thirty-six-year reign of Queen Victoria may be one of the most viewed and well-known historical reigns in British history. On the one hand, her story lacks the theater of earlier royal families thanks to the changing social climate and attitudes, and on the other hand, her story is the one that maintains because it is a particular human being. Taking into account the previous years of his life, when the romance between himself and the German prince Alberto was in the foreground, the director Jean-Marc Vallee, who has only recently stayed in the unknown industry shadow, takes here Victoria's story and records that human element so much important for its heritage. It's a story that is extremely modest considering its lush background, yet it's partly what gives it a special edge that separates it from the usual ride. Taking a very direct and focused approach that focuses on a brief period of five years or a year between her resurrection and marriage with Albert, Young Victoria makes that little time part of this nature. Instead of trying to expand the whole life of such a man, Vallea instead wants to show one of the lesser-known intricacies of Victoria's early years, which are easily overlooked in favor of publicly-recognized confessions. The result is a characteristic that can displease historians with a relatively frivolous view of facts and the like, but never allow the document to become an obstacle to pulling a convincing story, the writer Julian Felloves holds his pistol and brings a little romantic but convincing portraial. Vallee takes this and works, taking care to fully utilize those elements with sufficient restraint to maintain integrity in relation to history and viewer. Great role in the joy of watching young people However, Victoria Plaiing simply lies in the production values ​​brought here by Regal Britain in the early 1800's, with powerful realism that is so rarely achieved by such fierce genre films. All of the designs of costumes, sets, hairstyles, lighting and photographs emphasize the grandiose background that is characteristic of Victoria's story, but never overloaded it. Indeed, as you look at Valleys' interpretation, reviving here, it is very difficult not to get excited solely through the aesthetics that permeates the visual element; and then there's also a movie scout that works extensively to expand the very elegant, yet personal tones that dominate Fellowsian scripts. Linking Schubert and Strauss stories in Victoria and Albert's story not only serve as a reference point for playing with characters, but also brings together the work of elegance and refrain, which also resembles the original work of composer Ilahn Eshkeri. However, for all the touching compositions, lush backgrounds and impeccable costumes that emphasize each scene, the most important factor here and indeed, in most periods of drama are the performances of actors and how they help to make the world that exist. Fortunately, young Victoria is blessed with the equally flawless ensemble of young and old who make a fantastic job just that. Between the sweet romance of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Alberta (Rupert Friend) and a bit of antagonistic fighting by her advisors and the like (led by great Mark Strong and Paul Bettani), conflicts and heat prevail on Fell's scenario, all who took part in the film perfectly are transmitted here, which helps the movie not to be a plastic "beautiful but blurred" affair that is so common for these exits. In the end, it's hard to blame business like The Ioung Victoria. It is a perfectly touching and human feeling of love within the perfect contemporary romance, plus some historical significance that plays as an intriguing source of interest for an audience interested in such details. Of course, the film can not take the film world with a storm and lacks some significance in its overall presence that prevents it from ever becoming more than just a dramatically restrained romantic drama; But that's what makes it comfortable. It seems that Vallee never bothered for magnificence, nor does it seem to be pleasing to him for being in love with the crime. Somewhere in this gray environment lies The Ioung Victoria, surely will take care of genre fans and those who are a little more disappointed with the usual productions; beautiful, unforgettable, but most of all, human. - Review Jamie Robert Ward (http: //vvv.invocus.net)
