Apart from having the longest reign in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria has two more differences. She, apart from our current queen, was the oldest ever British monarch, who lived until the age of 81. She was also the youngest British (unlike the English or Scottish) monarch, who came to the throne as a girl of eighteen. However, whenever a television or movie produces a program or a film about it, it seems that they are much more interested in older Victoria than in a young girl; The version of Victoria with which the modern audience probably most knows is Judy Dench in "Mrs Brovn". "Young Victoria" is trying to correct the balance by showing us the events surrounding her accession and the first years of her reign. It has a rare difference produced by the former Royal, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter of Beatrice Beatrice makes a short look as an addition. There are three main sides on the soil. The first one relates to the intrigue of Victoria's mother, a Duchess of Kent, a very unpopular personality, even with her daughter, mainly because of the influence of her counselor Sir John Conroy, who is rumored to be her lover. (According to an ungrounded rumor he, and not the late Prince Kent, was Victor's natural father). The second part relates to the rising romance between Victoria and her German relative Prince Albert and the attempts of King Leopold of Belgium, who was their uncle to both, to influence this romance. (Leopold's hope was to increase the prestige of Sake-Coburg House, to which he and Albert belonged). The third relates to one of the strangest episodes in British political history, the Crisis of the Dormitory of 1839, when supporters of the Tories (which traditionally supported the strong monarchy) rebelled because it was considered that the young queen was sympathetic to the Wig party and their leader, Lord Melbourne , although the Wigs historically supported the quasi-republican system of government, with a monarch reduced to a figure. Script writer Julian Fellows is known for his conservative views, and sometimes I wondered if this may have painted his treatment of political issues, as it seems to relate to the Tories, the predecessors of the modern conservative party . Their leader Robert Peel is portrayed as statesmanly and dignified, while Melbourne, with all his rush and charm, appears to be dishonest and uninterested in social reform. There may be some truths about these characteristics, but Fellows covers the fact that only a few years earlier the Tories had opposed the Reform Act, which ended the corrupt electoral system of the broken neighborhoods, and that they benefited from the unconstitutional dismissal of Villyama IV. Vigovska administracija. Lessons from dental and constitutional history do not always pass on a cinema screen, and this contains its share of inaccuracy. Prince Albert, for example, was not hurt in attempting Edward Okford to Victoria's life, and Melbourne (in the late fifty years at the time Victoria took over) was not as young as Paul Bettani had shown here. King William IV certainly did not like a Duchess from Kent (who was his sorceress), but I doubt he would go so far as to mock him during a state banquet, as he showed that he is working here. I also did not understand the significance of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy attempt to force Victoria to sign the Regency Order; The final status of a Duchess was made clear by the Regent Act of 1830, which stipulated that she would become Regent if her daughter was still younger than eighteen at the time of her accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria could change the provisions of the Act. There are also occasional dissatisfaction. In an early scene, we see that Victoria and Albert play chess while comparing the pianos around the chessboard, a metaphor that is so exhausted that the whole scene should come with the set of "Danger! Major Cliche Forward!" warning. Nevertheless, despite these scenes, I came to enjoy the film. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as a dwarf duchess and Mark Strong as a disgusting Conroia. It's visually very attractive, it's filmed in a luxurious style that we've come to connect with a British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives a fun turning like King William, although he is sometimes tempted to cross the top. (Although not so catastrophically over the top as it was in "Moulin Rouge"). The main reason for the success of the film, however, are the performances of Emili Blunt and Rupert Friend as two young lovers Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria in real life, but in her beautiful portrait, the queen is no longer an old lady of popular imagination, a black-dressed Widow widow who was thoughtless but determined, strong. and a young woman. Her love for Albert, and their happy family life together, was one of the main reasons why the monarchy managed to re-establish itself in the feelings of the British people. (With the exception of George III, the ancestors of Victoria's Hanover were known for not having marital virtues). Blunt and Friend make "The Ioung Victoria" a touching romance and exciting human drama, as well as research of the key period in British history. 8/10
