The legend of the high and half-hour song of Andrei Konchalovsky in Siberia does not have to start immediately, because it must be kept for space because it takes time in circular studies of half-remembered childhood memories in revolt - the old village trees, but the film continues to build steam in emotional resonance as if even the sounds and images that compile it become permeated with steep associations with their own subject matter with the quality of tireless peaceful dignity characterized by the Soviet working spirit. Konchalovski celebrates Soviet collectivity, but in an almost revisionist way, drunken like Soi Cuba and Invincible, the mood turns into a gloomy and reflective. News of the revolution is reaching a lonely Siberian village through a vineyard. The fruits of her work reach him only when the world war demands that young people enter. Through all this, Konchalovksi is zero on the individual, with care and love to examine the bitter desire and regret of the woman who was waiting 6 years after the war for a bridegroom who never returned, waited long enough to go out and become a waitress on a ship with velvet couches, and who left a few years ago to return to her village to care for the old uncle who killed his father's fiancé with an ax, the failure to respect the craziness of a fellow believer who returned from the war hero for 20 years late, returned not because of the girl he left, but because of drilling oil for the homeland, despair and cut the ignorance of the middle-aged regional leader of the party who returns to his little Siberian village with the sole purpose of erasing maps for the construction of a power plant. The film stretches from decade to decade from the 10th to the 80's with incredible footage from the film's newspapers, which follow the history of the Soviet Union from the revolution to the famine in war and the titanic technological achievements of an empire (great images here, crowds and faces); The real movie focuses on the individual, triumphs and the stupidity of a small and large. In the second half there is a feeling of bitter-sweet fatalism; broken lives that never reached fulfillment, choking with regret and craving. "It can not be important," it seems that the world is talking about what Konchalovksy says "it must be important," because the protagonists continue to try redemption. However, behind this saga of 'man against the landscape' it seems that something floats in a shady, almost unstable situation, like the Elderly Elderly Awesomeness appearing in every segment to lead or reject the protagonists, sometimes mere spectacle, sometimes a puzzling sage; little behind and above all other clear and logical incomprehensible ultimatums of challenges and affirmations of human characters, something invisibly seems to hide. Ghosts of fathers appearing in sepia's dreams, repeated shots of the glittering stars in the nightly curious bear, truly the Eternal Elder; Konchalowksi calls for awe and respect in the mystical land of some other order. In his treatment of a small youth community struggling against the progress of nature and time and the way in which he learns to deal with them, he is often ridiculously bizarre and tragic at the same time, and how the director never allows cynicism to overcome his humanism, Remind Me of Shohei Imamura's The Deep Desire of Gods. When, on the scene of dreams, Alexey plunges through the boards of doors with the Stalin's propaganda poster sticking to his (dead) father as he disappears into the fog, the film suggests a betrayal of the Soviet dream or, better still, in all things lost in the revolution the betrayal became more explicit in the fiery flurry of the film. Incredible visual effects, elegant and dark with a raw natural hand, help to complete the job. By the end of the day, the oil stock explodes in flames and the film comes out in a wild explosion of pure film.
