I have something for the old black and white films of this type, films of Vill Hai and Abbot and Costella, especially since they are my favorites. I chose this film on DVD because I used the same idea as Vill Hai's "Oh Mr Porter", which is one of the best comedies ever made. I just finished watching this movie less than ten minutes ago (the movie ended at 12:45). I think that this type of film, which relates to Ghost Trains, etc., is best viewed in night hours with lights off. That way, you get into the story more, and night vision works well with this movie. The singlefilms in the movie may seem a bit obsolete for some viewers, I suppose it depends on the viewer. Although they are not dated. I am 28 years old and although I'm not old enough to be near when this movie was first published (my father was still). I still have a lot of honors for some of the old movies of this kind. Sitting in the room in front of a TV with some snacks and drinks and coming back and relaxing at night while watching these movies, there can not be much things to overcome the feeling that you get while you are doing it. For some time, it's an escape from reality. I noticed that one of the men in the film (he has a black mustache) appears about three-quarters of the time through the movie after the car crashes and he looks for a woman they followed to the station. This man was also in the class of Vill Hai "The Holy Spirit of the Holy Spirit." I just thought that I would point out in the case that nobody noticed :). The sets in the movie are very atmospheric. Outside the abandoned station it looks good and there is no soul in miles in either direction, and the inside of the station is very comfortable and looks away from the rain that is outside. I felt like I'd like to be there in a movie with actors. The atmosphere in this movie is something that is missing in many films now. He keeps you hooked from the moment the movie starts until it's over. We need more of this type of film in today's market. But, unfortunately, watching in favor of films with nudity and cursing and gross humor could end. This kind of movie era (Ghost Train, Oh Mr Porter, etc.) For me, it's the golden age of the film!
