It seems that this film is conceived as a film by Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers - a plan of action, dance numbers, zippi music and a whole formula ... except Ginger! Whether it was really originally conceived as a reunion of the team is uncertain, but it certainly has the appearance of one of these films. Instead of the usual assistants for Fred (such as Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - probably because they, despite being known as a comedy, could sing and dance well. It really shocked me, but the team was a welcome addition, and some of the traditional numbers of Fred and Ginger were made either with Fred and Gracie, or with these two together with George. Only once, at the very end, whether Miss Fontaine dances with Fred, but she is very short and with a remote camera shot. And when we talk about Burns and Allen, I think I owe the team to talk about them in the movie. I've never been a fan of their shows or their films. In general, I think that Gracie idiot acted very unpleasantly and I gave some bad criticism for their short films and feature films. However, in this film, I must admit that they were great - not just to dance competently, but I actually thought they were funny and very nicely filling the hole left by Edward Everett Horton. They were at the top of their game and the writers did a wonderful job in this department. As for the rest of the film, it's all fun and fun. The problem for me, however, is that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for a movie - not just because she acted out of her range (after all, she was not a singer or dancer), but because she had the presence of a ball on the screen . That's why the usual balance and big dialogue between boys and girls did not exist. There was also a very charming performance by Harry Vatson as a devil boy who did everything he could to play Cupid - all because he wanted to win a bet! And finally, I loved Fun House and Tunnel of Love sequence - it's too hard to describe, but it's so fun to watch! All in all, the movie I liked a lot - he had a lot of charm and great writing. Unfortunately, she also featured a play by Mrs. Fontaine, which turned her back on the score - bringing the result for this film on 7th.
