Soon the Americans will flood the darkened, damaged England preparing for the invasion of Europe, but in 1937 the picture of American Americans in the sunny, somewhat funny English village was an appealing, idyllic party. American star dancer and heart dancer Jerry Hallidai (Astaire), on a European tour and tired of screaming women's crowds that caused the gloomy propaganda of his manager (Burns), was unconsciously caught up in the prospect of a marriage of frustrated heir Ladi Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). The story is complicated by the bookmaker's betting line between Marshmorton's servants led by Butler Keggs (Gardiner), who bet on cousin Ms. Alice, Reggie (Noble), favorite Alice's auntie aunt (Collier). The story would be much better than a half-hour TV episode. Vodehouse's usual device for missing identity and jumping to the wrong conclusions is spent in a full-length movie. Both Alice and Jerry seem impossible (and boring) in the second part of the film. The amusement park stops and the peak in the castle is too long and begins to pull. Fontaine is beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be a blonde blonde, no matter how aristocratic she is, while young journalist Albert (Watson) is terribly horrible. But while "Damsel" is a rather reduced vehicle for so much talent, the talent does not let us down. Astaire's romantic comedy skill is no less pleasant than in any of his films with Ginger Rogers and his dance scene, both solo and Burns & Allen are at a level, although his dance with the Joan's beginner hobby player is necessarily pitiful. Gracie almost steals the whole performance as George's secretary who suddenly is open, cold and cold. Her scene with a solid actor, Gardiner, as a cunning snob, Keggs is a unique classic. This and Astaire's priceless scene with Madrigal singers gives "Damsel" a beautiful color of naive but noble Americans who mix with noble but boring Englishmen. Gershwin is at the top of his "Beautiful Work if You Can Get It" and "Stiff Upper Lip", which carry the movie through its weak points. And is there another film in which madrigals get Gershwin's swing treatment? "Damsel" is more than a trick for those who would like to see Astaira without Rogers or Fontaine before she became a real star. It's a fine diversion as fun as any of the Vaudevillian music comedies that were in the thirties, but they will never be made anymore.
