I read that Jessie Matthews approached and refused to play with Fred Astaire in Damsel at Distress. At its peak, Jessie Matthews never left her side of the lake to do any American music film. IF they would join in for this film, it would be an event once in a lifetime. It's a pity that the girl in trouble had everything else for her. Fred Astaire, story and adapted to the screen by P.G. Vodehouse, Burns & Allen for comedy, and songs by Gershwin Brothers. In answering the question that set a nice piece, if you can get it, you can not ask for much more for this movie. Apart from leading ladies. Although Ginger Rogers recorded several films from Fred Astaire, Damsel and Distress was the only film that Astaire made without Rogers while they were a team. Young Joan Fontaine was thrown in this opposite of Astaire. Her character has nothing to bite that parts of Ginger Rogers are working in these films. Everything she basically has to do is to act sweet and modestly. It also does not contribute anything to music. And if I had to evaluate all the dance partners of Fred Astaire, Joan Fontaine would go to the bottom. A poor woman is simply terrible in the number of things she seeks. When she later appeared in a musical with Bing Crosby, The Emperor Valtz, it is no coincidence that Fontaine does not give anything music. The version I have is colored and in this case I think it's really good. Idyllic Green English Village P.G. Vodehouse is really shown in this VHS copy. Especially in the number I mentioned earlier with Astaire and Fontaine in the garden. . The surrealistic sequence of the fun is wonderfully set. P.G. The aristocracy of Vodehouse runs the scale with Constance Collier in his bastardly best and for one Montagu Love as Fontaine's father as a fine man on the film. the most famous song about the British capital since London Bridge collapsed. Made in Fred Astaire's finest, simple style, it's one of those songs that will endure until London survives, and even after that. classical, classical score, classical dance, classical comedy. Who could ask for more?
