In a famous essay on Charles Dickens, George Orwell points out that many readers have always complained that Dickens never continued to write as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS: that is, he did not continue to write funny episodic novels to the end of his career. It would not be too hard for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Surtees just did this, only focusing on the fate of hunting foxes (MUSIC FANCI ROMFORD is the title of one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees still has the following, but most people find that his novels are unreadable. Dickens was determined to show that he was more than a funny man (and do not forget that his first book, SKETI BOZA, was also a funny book). So Dickens' third book is OLIVER TVIST (which is pretty dull). Orwell says that each author needs to change the style of his books. Dickens would definitely (and successfully) agree with that. But Orwell overlooked the genre writer who surpasses his colleagues. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer who concentrates on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P.G. Vodehouse considered himself an entertainer, having fun in the upper parts of the British social system. His Earl of Emsvorth is proud to have picked up the best pig in England than ... and Earl of Emsvorth! His Psmith is always ready for counter-attacks when he needs to be obeyed by a dishonest superiors. His Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme that should generate huge profits (but it always manages to split at the end). And best of all, his Jeevesi will always put his brilliant brain to work, saving his incompetent Bertie Vooster, his boss. Since Vodehouse had a limited view of his mission as a writer - he was there to make a cartoon figure of entertainment for the world of the world - his books never lost their luster. They have served (and still serve) their goals. In fact, he compared Vodehouse with his far more serious contemporary Evelyn Vaugh, who also wrote funny books, but a more intellectual type. Best of Vaugh remains among the pinnacles of British 20th century literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, DECLINE AND FALL, and more. But in his decision to present his views, if his points were not interested in the reader, the book often collapsed. For each VILLAGE BODIES there has been some failure in his career, such as ORDEAL GILBERT PINFOLD. While Vodehouse could do even smaller hacks, his fall did not go as far away as Vaugh's. Vodehouse was also a gifted songwriter (when you hear "Bill" in the score of SHOVBOAT, Kern and Hammerstein's melody is not, but Kern and Vodehouse's song were transferred from "Oh Ladi, Ladi" about ten years earlier. He was also a handsome playwright, so it's nice to see that he took the novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and turned it into a script here. He has a normal Vodehouse touch. This perfect batler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a beautiful performance) is the nickname that imposes a "friendly" gambling game of luck among the staff of the big house he leads. is also unable to occasionally refrain from singing the Italian opera - despite Constanta Collier's attempts to control his impulse. This is a typical Vodehouse characterization. Such is the way in which the love affair between Lada Alice and Jerria goes well and goes down on the craziness of Keggs and young Albert, who want to win this money for happiness. Vodehouse always makes that kind of pitch, with antagonists who change their view, depending on their current interest. Vodehouse was also fortunate to have had Burns and Allan to work. It is generally believed that from all the films they made together as actors (such as THE SIXTH OF TYPES AND I DO NOT WANT), George and Gracie provided the best support to Freud Astaire. Fun House Fun, which includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip", is a wonderful, as well as an earlier sequence in which three play "Broom Broom" (learned by Astaire from Burns). But, Greysian's wondrous illogical logic uses Vodehouse in scenes with the Gardiner (seeing how she puzzles him giving her more money than her change deserves to be - only Albert accidentally perceives Keggs / Gardiner's mistake and looks at the Gardiner as if he was either dumb or crazy ). Her conversation with her son, Collier, Reggieem (Rai Noble, a British band leader) suggested that she imagine that she would marry her, but she also had a wonderful greetings with Gracie as she left with George to marry. The film allegedly failed at the box office due to the lack of Ginger Rogers in it and the weaknesses of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine does not do an extraordinary job in the role, but the defect is actually Vodehouse - he did not make the figure very interesting. But the film can stand without it, given the other performers and their characters, Gershwin's music and Vodehouse's wonderful feeling of fun.
