Before the Consecration, there was a similarity between Tim Burton and Kusturica. They find their own, poetic style, and then cowardly become prisoners. Burton has (and still has) Deppa, Kusturica has Miki Manojlovic, and somehow they received a critical praise for repeating the same formula over and over again. However, there are people like me, who jokes are considered funny only when they first heard it. This is the main reason why Kusturica's worst movies are 'Black Cat' and 'Life is a Miracle'. The "vow" is something completely different. Maybe you'll like it, maybe you hate it, but this is NOT just another poetic poetry of Kusturica? Balkanic dreamlike stuff. Of course, if you want to be praised, you must play safely. It was very easy for Kusturica to make another film about the stray dogs and get a reward. Fortunately, as a brave person, he chooses to make a movie that will be an ironic look at his previous works. 'Zavet' can be described as a powerful and very harsh parody to the previous Kusturica films directed by Kusturica himself. It's nice to see one great film director not to take it too seriously. It is the quality that Kusturica has, and even the largest, such as Bergman or Kubrick, did not have. This film is so absurd that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes deep, and so sterile that it becomes hilarious. The same things that Plan Plan 9 made from the universe would do this masterpiece to people who know how to watch it. The average Western viewer would not get several references. The most prominent owner of the Serbian rubber Srbljanovic, and it relates to Biljana Srbljanovic, a famous Serbian drama writer. Politically, she is very active as a left-wing liberal and despises Kusturica's political views and anarchism. Kusturica's "all but not subtle" approach to her work was to co-operate with Miki Manojlovic in the Srbljanovic store. Another reference is Goran Bregovic? previous Kusturica composer. He formed the 'Funeral and Wedding Orchestra' and began performing all over Europe. Although he is praised as a great composer, Bregović is only a performer, and most of his songs (if not all) are bad processing of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica's perception of Bregović was to oppose a wedding and a funeral, with a funeral funeral. Also, music covers western classics like the "London Bridge of the Fall" or the French lullaby. Did you find this infertile? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when you listen to Bregović's terrible covers. I really liked this movie because it does not turn out to be deep, it's so full of symbols to become a parody, and it's beautifully focused, like all of its works. If you love previous Kusturica movies, there is a great chance that you will hate this. If you do not like a couple of his last films, this can make you a pleasant surprise, as it is like Fellini who directs 'Pink Flamingos'. On purpose. I have great respect for this type after the 'Consecration'. The next film, Tim Burton, would surely have been the protagonist with pale faces. The next Kusturica films can easily be about aliens who attack Earth. That's why he is the most interesting director on Earth, whether you like it or not.
