Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a poetic and sublime beauty from Japan. A real bad guy! I heard great reviews for the movie and rented it from Netflika. I'm glad I did! In many ways this film reminded me of the old style of Japanese classic creation of films from the 1940s and 1950s which I loved so much, as Iasujiro Ozua's pictures show - the title of the title even begins in the same way, with Japanese letters (characters ) in red in relation to neutral material. I immediately thought: this director likes Oz. The same style was used: mostly closed sets with only a few outdoor scenes. Even a couple of "shots", as Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film is built on the love of characters for each other. The story follows the lives of a Japanese family before, during and after the Second World War. The mother takes care of girls who grow best they can after their father (university professor) was arrested for anti-war sympathies. He has never been released and has only a few short meetings with his wife in prison before he dies of starvation and illness. In the meantime, a former student professor often comes to help care for her mother and two girls. He begins to fall in love with his mother and replaces his father for two girls. But the war begins and he is drawn and they must say a sudden forgiveness. Will they ever express their love for each other? Will he ever return from the war? In the performance of the leading actress Saiuri Ioshinaga has so much heart and mild spirit. She is almost a type of Madonna, so she is beautiful! Big smoky eyes and flawless skin. And the actor who plays the student is phenomenal: his name is Tadanoob Asano. What is a sensitive performance. There is no sword at all; He is gentle and kind. I would definitely like to see both of these two films in other films. I think I'll check what's available for them. Two small actresses are also beautiful. The film was just released on the NTSC DVD for the American audience, with very simple English subtitles. I gave her 10 out of 10 to IMDb. I cried almost as much as in the Japanese film Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
