A film of exceptional brightness and touching and unusual love stories, Luzhin's defense shows an intense attraction between eccentric genius and the woman of beauty, depth and character. It gives John Turturr what is probably his best role so far (thank God for not giving it to Ralph Fiennes, who would kill him.) Similarly, Emili Vatson shows the wealth of his experience (from his extraordinary backgrounds on the scene). To get to the torturous chess master (Turturro), her character must show intelligence as well as feminine love. Watson does not describe sexuality in terms of beauty, but it brings to her parts the self-consciousness that attracts. At a random meeting between Natalia (Watson) and Lužina, she stops him by not losing the chess piece that fell through the hole in his clothes - a specially made piece that we understand later in the film, symbolizes his hopes and aspirations. Later, as their love develops, she subtly compares dancing with chess (Luzhin learned to dance, but never with a partner); she encourages him to lead "brave, brilliant moves" and thus allows him to relax enough to play at his best bet later (and to be seen as a lover himself). This is the story of a woman who inspires a man to his greatest achievement, and thus finds her deepest fulfillment, emotionally and intellectually (or we are so entrusted to believe - of course, in the time frame, Natalia is something which is freed from the woman than Neko who pretends to be a stereotyped wife and mother). Italian sets are stunning. The complexity of the characters and the skills with which the dialogue takes place is the enthusiasm of an intelligent filmmaker, but the film is sufficiently accessible to make it a popular mainstream hit and so deserved. Chess is just a photogenic background for the development of an emotional and emotional film, although the game is treated with sufficient respect and almost persuaded the chess players that the characters exist. Although the tragedy of extraordinary heights by the classic author, the final outburst is, however, surprisingly exciting.
