My introduction to Ioam's Cinema world is through his famous and recent Samurai trilogy with Samurai in dusk, Hidden Blade, Love and Honor. I enjoyed all three films, and watching film director's film director, I think it will take me a long time to watch all of his films, especially the Tora-san series. Needless to say when Kabei Our Mother finally reached our shores, I jumped on the opportunity to watch what would be Mother-side all over, celebrating her innate love for their children. Based on the autobiography of Teruio Nogami, Kabei - Our mother speaks about a close four-member family ?? Mother Kaio "Kabei" (Saiuri Ioshinaga), father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), the oldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and the youngest child Teru (Miku Sato). From the very beginning, their lives will be changed forever, when Shigeru is arrested in accordance with the Law on the Preservation of Peace for his morally controversial writings against the nation, set in the late 1930s when Japan began its "Crusade War" in China, and then their participation in the Second World War. So begins the Kabei fight to retain the job to feed his family, as well as frequent, difficult meetings with her husband behind the bars. Help comes from relatives, especially on Shigeru's side, since Kabe's own father adopted the phrase "I told you" with her choice of spouse. Shigeru's pupil Iama (arthab's lovers should recognize Tadano Asana here) gives a laugh as an unruly man who slowly becomes entrusted with a surrogate guardian of children, and Kabayin's daughter-in-law Hisako (Rei Dan) from Hiroshima, which I believe would sound like an alarming alarm as well her unhappy fate as the movie progresses through the timeline. While the film focuses primarily on how children grow up in the presence of their mother, and in a distant relationship with their father, what I enjoyed is that microscopic family events take place under macroscopic events around the world that have affected common people in Japan. It is against the historical background of Japanese pressure on regional domination, and there are characters who do not hide these ambitions, even discussing what the country would ultimately make to be successful in retaining the conquered countries. This is something I rarely see in Japanese films, which are so sincere in their discussion of the era, as well as to get an insight into how an ordinary man must fight domestic problems, which has made it increasingly difficult for resources aimed at the war effort. The actors set here are perfect in their delivery and roles, whether they are veterans or children actors. Actress Saiuri Ioshinaga deserves special attention because of her role as a mother person who has to dig deep and find the inner strength to carry her household in difficult circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are kind as children who need to learn to do compromise. Each scene with the three together makes his heart exhausting when it arises difficult, or to fill your heart with joy if they celebrate. Soon you will soon be attracted to being part of this family, thanks to the strong performance of primary actors, with Ioama Iamada, who directs some truly natural performances from children. Kabei - Our Mother can boast an incredibly beautiful artistic direction, and is rewarded in delivering happy and sad moments without crossing over the top or relying on a cheap melodrama to diminish the emotions she wants from the audience. There are many small things that are made here in the right way, making it perfect, with every scene that is not lost, and with every nuance that is very important in transmitting its message, whether it is compassion or love. Apart from a very sudden ending (I hoped it could have been much more, despite having lasted more than two hours), Kabei Our Mother comes highly recommended, and it's difficult to keep tears, or who thought about your mother and her victims that she daily does for you. Just what are the victims, if you need another reminder, then the scene at the end of the loan will remind you of things you would probably take for granted.
