It's a funny job, reviewing movies. These days, when "internalized emotions" and "emotional decoupling" are favored by direct sentimentality, it must be difficult to remain faithful to their true feelings. Shortly after I completed the jury's duties at the 58th Berlinale to catch the Kaboji Ioji Iamade. After projection, I watched people dreaming out of the theater hall, watery eyes, men, women, and reviewers. Even the director of Berlinale, apparently the stubborn viewer of the film, admitted that he was caught unawares and found himself crying three quarters of his time in this shameless sentimental experience. But what really surprised me were the reviews that come after. Despite the fact that the film is inexplicably launched, many critics chose to be lukewarm and emotionally non-binding in their writing. Apparently, after crying, they put their "hood for thought", and accordingly, they missed what I felt like a genius about Kabei. Allow me to explain. Set in pre-war Japan, the story of Kabie revolves around the family of a writer and their fate in him, after being kept in jail for what is described as "the crimes of thought" against imperial will. Through a series of long-lasting emotional scenes, he meets us with a man, his loyal wife and two daughters, as well as with three side faces - a man's handsome young sister, a stinking ex-student, and his uncle? ? they all came to help the family to deal with their situation, in the absence of a man in the house. The story is moving slowly, although at a steady pace, and the heart fractures occur exactly at times in which everyone is able to predict. This, of course, makes it almost impossible for anyone in the audience to become too emotional upset by any dramatic event. In other words, although you learn to love the family and their helpers, and you are sympathetic to their unfortunate people, you are so lazy because of the certainty of complications that you expect a certain kind of ending. However, for two hours in the movie (do not worry, Yamada gives the viewer enough moments of gravity and curiosity to accompany you), he hits you with what I can only describe as a "stab". All that you assumed was what the story was about an innocent man who was torn away from his faithful wife and daughter ?? now suddenly points to one of the family aides. Someone you have taken for granted so far is now thrown into an unexpected craft of destiny. At this moment, in the theater theater where I was, something strange happened. Everyone started hacking with a little or no obstacle. /> <br /> "My word!" I smiled under my breath. Then it occurred to me that "Kabei", in the end, was more than a film about a family that was torn apart by an empire on the brink of war. It was, in fact, a cunning examination of a common human personality: how little we worried about the secret feelings of people closest to us. Now, the most common criticism of the movie was that it was technically sound, but that there was no innovation. That's what happens when reviewers place their business thought. With Kabei, I believe that Yoji Yamada knew exactly which trick he would use to touch upon a single aspect of humanity. The wicked old trick he so seamlessly applied in the Tora-san series, and later in the Tasogara Sebei. After the audience has slept in some sort of narrative comfort zone, he casts us into the realm of emotion rarely explored in the cinema. This is for me the most effective film tool of all. What avoids detection, but it affects you deeply. The proof of its effectiveness was a thousand damp pieces of Kleenek, dumped in a rubbish bin in front of this cinema hall with a thousand seats. Now, if only some reviewers would resist being so striking that they forget about what is actually being done in the movie. Human emotions. Clean and simple.
