"I hate those stories that begin with the funeral, but I'm afraid this one begins the day we buried George, not we buried him. In the interest of the environment we burned him." So says Elizabeth (Judy Dench), George's widow. She had a comfortable, predictable life with George. She has two grown children and twelve-year-old grandchildren. But when she was 15 years old and was in school, in the middle of the Second World War, she played the saxophone at night in a group of girls (almost all girls) called The Blonde Bombshells. "Done" was because the drummer was Patrick, a charming cheater who did not have the desire to fight and possibly be killed. One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth found herself in the attic of her house playing the saxophone she left, and she practiced, but only when George left the house on a golf course. Her granddaughter, amazed as Elizabeth's good, begins to talk about how blue bombs could reunite and play at her school dance. He attracted a lot as he was more than 50 years ago. (He was also attracted to all other members of the Bomb shells. The roses that appeared on his bass had a special meaning that confirmed his affection.) You do not see if other members of the band can be located, and why they do not. Is it was it a chance to attend the school of her granddaughter? Why not? One member of the band is gaga. One is dead. One is in prison. One found salvation with the Salvation Army. I can not find a clue. One last knows that it is in America. One is a professional singer and has no intention of doing a school concert, even for a reunion. But one by one, Elizabeth and Patrick gather surviving bomb members. We do not know if they are enough. The probes are more often converted into unusual ruins. While doing this, we share Elizabeth's photograph of what life was like when she and Patrick were young at War London, playing in the band as the bombs fell. As bad as it was, it was the most exciting time in their lives. When the dance of Elizabeth's grand daughter comes, of course, blue bombs, full of agitation and renewed friendship, strike young men. After that, Elizabeth informs us that Bombs continue to play at gigs, and that she and Patrick do not have plans to marry ... but do not see anything wrong in getting a little fucked up. This is a sentimental nonsense, professionally made, and not at all bad. What makes the work is the skill and charm of Judy Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term "hot heart comedy," I usually flip out if the actors are not first-rate. Dench and Holm are wondering to see how they take something lightly and predictably as this scenario and turn it into something that fascinates us. Then there's an "old wide" gambit that's fun if you remember the old fish. Among Blonde Bombshells are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olimpia Dukakis, Billie Witchell and Cleo Laine. Laine sings three numbers and almost balances production. She is such a strong and unique jazz talent that as she sings the program almost becomes Cleo Laine Shov. Another attractive feature is the number of great World War II songs that were played in a powerful swing.
