Unfortunately, her adult children and almost immediately after the death of her husband Elizabetine (Lady Judi Dench), widow, attic of the saxophone tenor becomes bent and openly returns to her music hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth no longer has to practice a saxophone at the attic. As she was more and more satisfied with playing outdoors, Elizabeth walked along the memory strap, recalling when she was a 15-year-old member of the jazz swing band, "The Blonde Bombshells": allegedly a World War II girl who is a talented jazz swing musician. One of the members of the group "Blonde Bombshells" was a female drummer, Patrick (Ian Holm), with whom Elizabeth remained a friend. Both 12-year-old Patrick and Elizabeth daughter, Joanna (Millie Findlai), press Elizabeth to round up former band members and re-perform together; this time as a bunch of sexagents. Among the band members she found (still crazy!) Bass, Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dinah (Olimpia Dukakis), a trumpet playing, an alcoholic and pronounced divorce and widow living with wealth from their (former) marriages at the Scottish mansion in Craigievar; Gwen, (real life of the American star jazz singer, Clio Laine), taking the lead vocals; Annie, (June Vhitfield), as a trombone of the Rescue Force; Betti, (late pianist, Joan Sims), who is on the training of ivory keys at the Hastings pub. Like Elizabeth, Patrick and Joan are scouting a band for members of the band from the 1940s and trying to convince Elizabeth is often beyond themselves as he learns more than he wants to know about their adult lives - including their own - while has an explosion that plays great music with the latest live 'Blonde Bombshells'. A fun, nostalgic, historical, sentimental, multigenerational party that is seriously entertaining. Actors give wonderful performances. Regardless of their age, they are still entertaining entertainers, who have made a good show. (DVD is now out and worthy of possession due to bonus features and Dolby Digital sound). Certainly as a fan of each of these great actors VHS is a collector's item.
