The obsession comes in many flavors and exists for several reasons; For some it can be nothing more than a compulsive disorder, but for others it may be the path of survival. The lack of caring, combined with the inability to negotiate even the simplest needs of everyday life or basic social demands, can even force a genius to enthusiastically accept what ensures a personal comfort zone. And in extreme cases, the goal of this satisfaction can become apparent obsession, the initiation of that individual as long as what has begun as a means of survival becomes the very stimulus for his resignation, and as we have discovered in The Luzhin Defense, directed by Marleen Gorris, a high level intelligence will not provide a satisfactory solution to the problem, but it can actually exacerbate the situation. Obsession seems to have no prejudice or preference; moreover, it does not give a quarter. At the Italian resort of the twenties of the last century, Alexander Turturro is one of the many who gathered in the chess tournament, whose winner will be the World Tournament. Champion. Luzhin is a master of the game, but he is vulnerable to the fact that the game has long since stopped him playing; Rather, it is his obsession, that one thing discovered in childhood that saw him through his complete incompetence in seemingly all areas of life, and enabled him to deal with the subtle disinfection of his immediate family. Thus, Luigi's genius with Achilles' fifth, a mistake that only one other person knows and understands, and further understands that it can be used for their own benefit in this tournament. This man is Valentine's (Stuart Wilson), Luzhinov's former mentor, who suddenly appeared again after a few years and showed himself to Luzhin. Valentine's indecent, disturbing presence of Luzhina, and one life threatens him to overwhelm him. Not only will he face a huge opponent in the tournament, Turati (Fabio Sartor), whom he came to draw in the previous game after fourteen hours but also tries to solve a new element in his life-- his feelings for the young woman just met at the resort, Natalia (Emili Vatson). And although it may be genius, the dark clouds are gathering above him, which can only push Luzhina even deeper into the obsession, which was a saving grace, and the curse of his whole life. The story of Lighthouse story, Gorris effectively uses flashbacks to gradually reveal the elements of his childhood that quickly led to his obsession with chess. And as his background is established, she provides an insight that allows the audience to understand better who Luzhin is and how he came to this point in his life. For scenes of his childhood, Gorris textures them with a suitably dark atmosphere and a subtle feeling of anticipation that is transmitted to the present and pastoral environment of the resort. The transitions through which the past pass through together with the present are beautifully processed, and the pace that Gorris sets makes for riveting, yet unbridled presentation that works exceptionally well. She also underlines the danger created by Valentin, concentrating on drama, and not on uncertainty, which ultimately serves to increase the overall impact of the film, making Lužin's tragedy even more convincing and disturbing. The only element that makes this film so unforgettable is, however, the influential appearance of John Turturur. To make this film work, Luzhin must be absolutely convincing; one false or false moment would be catastrophic, because the viewer would immediately pull out the story. This, however, does not happen, and the film works, because Luzhin Turturro creates a perfectly honest and true life. He records Luzhin's genius, as well as his inadequacy, and represents his character in expressions that are extremely expressive and very real. This performance is equal, if not surpassing, of Geoffrey Rush's view of David Helfgott in 'Shine'. And when you compare his work with other characters he created, from Sid Lidza to 'Unstrung Heroes' to Pete in 'O brother where are you?' Al Fountain in 'The Bok of Moonlight', you understand what an amazing assortment of Turturro is, as an actor, and what a truly remarkable artist he is. Like Natalia, Emili Vatson is also great, she turns to a fairly reserved performance through which she develops and presents her character quite nicely. Although it has to be a little out of order to deal with Luzhina, Vatson does it in an introspective way that is fully effective. What is most important, because of the details she brings in her performance, makes her quick relationship with Luzhin convincing and gives the full credibility of the story. You need to look at Wattson's eyes to know that the emotions she transmits are real. It's a great work from a talented and talented actor. The supporting film includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blithe (Ilia), Orla Brady (Anna), Mark Tandi (Luzhin father), Kelly Hunter (Luzhin's mother), Alekander Hunting and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). Well done and delivered, 'The Luzhin Defense' is an emotional film that is presented with a restrained compassion that causes a sense of sadness and perhaps a reflection of man's inhumanity towards man. We do not need a movie, of course, to tell us that there is cruelty in the world; but the media of cinema serves us well when it reminds us of something that we must never forget, since we all have the ability to make positive changes and make a difference in the lives of those around us. I appreciate this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
