One of the most brilliant American directors was no doubt Elijah Kazan. His directorial genius was not particularly suitable for tense trilogers, as Kazan needed more breathing space and was slower and more subtle. However, 'Panic in the streets' is a first-class social thriller, and if it's more relevant for today than it was until the year 1950 when it was released. Topics of illegal immigrants, smuggling of people, direct monsters, rapid transmission in the world of illness (worried Richard Vidmark says: "I could be in any American city for ten hours and in Africa tomorrow.") Ethnic isolation and ghettoism today are more concerned than ever . This film features Jake Palance's spectacular film debut and Barbara Bel Geddes's beautiful performance, two genius strokes. Richard Vidmar is allowed to be a psychopath once, and this is a deeply caring, warmly loved, intense hero of people. He basically runs a campaign to stop the plague of the disease in Nev-Orléans, struggling to persuade the politicians and complacent policemen that there is a problem. There is a fight against time to find the few thieves who infected the plague of a dead immigrant within 48 hours, in front of the whole city, and as they always remind us, the whole country is the worst thing. from the flu in 1919. An incredible scene in which Jack Palance, who is infected, is prevented from climbing a boat with a rope barrier on the rope, is ironic in extreme terms, reminding us in the most disturbing terms that people can be the worst carriers and gamers of all. The very dramatic scenes of hunting in what they call the "coffee factory" on the shores of the rivals are the most innovative highscore scenes in Hitchcock, and with such a spectacular environment. Many non-experts appear in the film, which has persistent realism, well, something called reality. Kazan really takes cameras to places where people rarely went and where even rats would think twice. This film was a great feat of social realism. If he misses the power of the most wanted trillers, it is because Kazan realized it so seriously that he could not lift it, because in the end, the danger of plague is serious enough to scare somebody without the need for additional weapons and rifles. The only unlucky thing in the movie is the title, which gives a false suggestion of superficiality. But Kazan was not just superficial. Apparently he thought this project was a public duty to warn us about the right opportunities. If only these opportunities were reduced today, unfortunately, they are deteriorating every day. One day after the World Plague, this film can be shown to a few survivors as an example of how the outbreaks of the film are contained, but its lessons are forgotten.
