Kuga replaces femme fatale in this very uncertain night shot at Nev Orleans by director Elia Kazan. Kazan as well as always gets good performances from its actors, but also shows a visual flair for claustrophobic tension with a combination of compact compositions and stunning scenes for hunting a one-time shot. The man who entered the ground was illegally killed after a card game. It turned out to be a bubonic plague, so it remains crucial not only to arrest the killers, but also to find the inoculum of all those who had contact. City and health officials carry out a secret plan instead of warning the community of fear that culprits will escape from the city and spread disease. A detective and an epidemiologist who are experiencing a watch create an uncomfortable alliance while combing the rivu using their opposing research styles. Streets pose an enormous ethical question about the right of the public to know, because the medical officer advocates media blackout and thus creates a greater danger for the community. Whatever the outcome, you can still find another speculation about the actions of the protagonists of the film. Richard Vidmark as Dr.Clint Reed and Paul Douglas as Detective Varren show brief excitement and disregard for mutual respect in the search for murderers. Barbera Bel Geddis as Reed's wife has some good moments with Vidmark in some domestic scenes that bring a real touch (calming more than comics) relief from the tension in a desperate search amid the dark surrounding of the Nevada Orleans ride, which was impressed by camera maker Joe McDonald. Zero Mostel as a small criminal is slim and offensive, but sometimes cute. Valter Jack Palance as Skeleton Blackie (Black Death?) Is simply remarkable. With the intensity of casting, Palance dominates in every scene in which it is located, not only with a great threat, but also with an unsettling charm. In addition, it shows a huge athleticism that allows for more tense continuity, especially in the strong final allegory moments of the film. Panic on the streets is probably Kazanov's best non-brendo movie. The voltage is charged, the tension is well decorated and decorated. The ambient setting at the local level gives the feeling of enhanced reality that allows Kazan flexibility to display its visual style outside the film scene and with Panik it succeeds with confidence.
