"The panic in the streets (1950)" owes more to the British noir than his American counterparts. Like Reed's Third Man (1949) and Dasin's Night and the City (1950), director Elijah Kazan decided to shoot mostly on the site, winning the fresh and vibrant decadence of the poor New Orleans. In a decision borrowed from the masters of Italian neorealism, he engaged many unprofessional actors for lesser roles, borrowing a city of authenticity. However, any further comparison with neorealism would be wrong, because 'Panic in the streets' is pure melodrama, the best kind. It was found that an illegal immigrant who was taken out of the bay was killed by a lung disease, a deadly mutation of a bubonic plague that is transmitted from man to man, and has, without treatment, a mortality rate approaching 100%. Clinton Reed, a US public health officer, convinced suspected police chief (Paul Douglas) to search for men responsible for murder in order not to be infected with that disease. In my younger years, I found "Outbreak (1995)" by Wolfgang Petersen as one of the most terrible films I've ever seen. This thriller, who owes a lot of 'panic on the street' (working title: 'Outbreak'), was so scared of me that the Ebola virus was shown as an invisible and invincible killer ?? How to defend yourself against such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (I know) to deal with the topic of biological epidemics, although it has difficulty in attributing visual recognition to an enemy that is basically undetected by the human eye; Instead, he uses Jack Palance as a human personification of the plague. In spite of being involved in dirty remains of human society, you will never have the feeling that Clinton Reed is endangering one's own life (some viewers have noticed that Reed has not inoculated against the plague, although I think it's safe to assume that he did it at the same time and the staff from the morgue. Still, there is still a strong sense of urgency in hunting killers of an infected man, underground rats that pollute sewers to their Sunday. In the Middle Ages, when black death (now widely believed) that it was a bubonic plague) pr In a civilized world, killing one third of the European population, many have identified destruction as the work of the devil. The character of Jack Palance, Blackie, efficiently serves as Satan in human form: an ugly-drawn siledge can sometimes be charming and charismatic, but is always ready to explode in attacks of violence; his two hooligans (played by Gui Thomajan and Zero Mostel), over terror more than anything else, are constantly sneaking in front of his feet. When a lacquer gets sick of a fever, Blacky concludes that his cousin immigrant "had to bring something with him" (the irony of his conclusion did not go unnoticed), and thus trying to determine what this object must be worth. He holds in the hands of dying Poldi, a grotesque display of false affection, which is both pathetic and disturbing. Blackie / Satan is finally stopped? not by the authorities, but because of the burden of their own infection / evil? while attempting to board a cargo ship, the main vessel with which the Kuga spread throughout Europe.
