When the film is opened, two robbers are killing one more scoundrel. When the body is discovered and there is an autopsy, the doctor realizes that even though a man has been killed, he also suffers from a lung fever - very nasty and virulent versions of Bubonic plague! So, it's a race against time to find those who came in contact with a dead man and treat them immediately, otherwise a catastrophe might occur. Strange, I actually know a lot about the Pungent Plague, as I lectured a series of lectures about her for history classes. The film did not really do the job of getting the facts about the disease in that it looked a bit like what people had in the film. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 you really should not have shown. Of course, there is high temperature and cough (they got this right), but also a lot of bleeding and explosive vomiting of the blurred blood - along with enormously swollen lymph nodes as you get with Bubonic plague - all clean and rude! I can definitely understand why they did not go this far. Also, I am sure that the federal government would have much, much greater participation in the control and treatment of the disease - here the film was handled at a very local level and everyone seemed badly prepared and a little stupid. No one seems to be willing to trust the doctors! As for the acting, the film had excellent actors. Richard Vidmark and Paul Douglas are a medical doctor and chief of police. Good actors, but also famous actors back in 1950. However, in his first film, Jack Palance (who still runs his original nickname 'Valter Jack Palance'), as well as the relatively unknown (at that time) Zero Mostel, is very dangerous. Palance was excellent - very intimidating and very physically skilled in its cascades. Mostel played a tough characteristic of his early work - oily and cowardly evil. All in all, despite the fact that they do not understand the details and all overload it, the film is very tense. and has a great acting - and it's worth a look.
