"Panic in the streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which director Elijah Kazan achieved a great sense of realism by filming in New Orleans, using a number of local people to fulfill different roles and intelligently using improvisation. As a result, characters and dialogue look very natural and convincing. An important deadline that must be fulfilled to avoid a disaster is to provide a story with its great sense of urgency and pace and problems that delay the necessary action, and then increase tension at a high level. After the dispute between the participants in the card game, a man named Kochak (Levis Charles) was killed and his body was thrown into the port area. When the body is found and the coroner identifies the presence of the virus, American public health official Dr. Richard Vidmark is invited and his examination confirms the presence of a lung fever. Reid insists that all known contacts of a dead man must be inoculated without delay, because the very infectious nature of the disease means that without such action one can expect that anyone infected will die within days. As the identity of a dead man is unknown, the task of finding his contacts is expected to be difficult and this situation is not helped when city officials and the police commissioner are not completely convinced by Reed's briefing. They suspect that the threat to the public is potentially serious, as he claims to be, and their initial lack of commitment is only the first of a series of obstacles that prevent the urgent action. The investigation that follows is hampered by the lack of cooperation between the immigrant community, the group of seafarers, restaurant owners and some illegal immigrants before finally finding his identity and contacts. Kochak, an illegal immigrant, was in the gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raimond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldy (Tommi Cook), and when Blackie's leader finds out about a current police investigation, he assumes that Kochak had to be smuggled was something very valuable in the country. While Kochak and Poldi were connected, Blackie assumed that Poldi must know something about it and went to find out more. Poldi, however, is very ill and incapable of providing any information. Blackie brings her doctor and, together with Fitch, runs Polly from his room and descends downstairs, which is when they meet Reed and follow an exciting quest. Richard Vidmark gives a strong move. performance as an underpaid public officer who is effectively dealt with the heavy responsibilities of his work, and at the same time he also deals with his domestic preoccupations as a family man. In an unusual role for him, he also very convincingly shows Dr. Reed's decisive and serious nature. Jack Palance's film debut sees him as an impressive performance as a ruthless bandit who misjudges Kochakov's reason why he left the card game and the reason for an intense police investigation. His striking looks also help make his presence on the screen even more inviting. In a typical docu-noir style, expressionist cinema and neo-realistic influences are used in tandem to effectively capture the atmosphere of the location in which the action takes place. Elia Kazan precisely directs all the time, but it also stands out in memory in the warehouse and on the docks.
