A doctor and a policeman at Nev Orleans have only 48 hours to find a killer infected with a pneumonic plague. Efficient and elegant, a small thriller directed by Elijah Kazan, which combines documentary realism with a race against time heartbeat pulp. Sniman at and around Nev Orleans, Panic In The Streets is taken from the story of Quarantine, Some Like 'Cold bi Edna and Edward Anhalta who won the Oscars for the original story. He also boasts a good acting ensemble that gives its directors top-notch performances. In return, Richard Vidmark (bringing the method one year before Marlon to Kazan at A Streetcar Desire Desire), Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (like Valter Jack Palance) and beautifully named Zero Mostel, all are swiftly absent while persecutors jure trying to stop the emergence of a potential epidemic black death. Where film captures its main points of uncertainty, Kazan's perceptual ability to shrink and advance between the protagonists without changing the flow and mood of the work. From Vidmark's Public Health Doctor, with a subcutaneous needle in his hand, running around trying to locate bad guys so he could do well; to the bad guys who are worried about the fact that there is so much hunting for them; The tension is compounded to the point of fracture interruption. Fortunately, for the last thirty minutes, it has become a broken cinema. With Palance who is disgusted as a nasty criminal who ironically puts one in the mind of Vidmark's own Tommy Udo from Kiss Of Death three years earlier. as carriers of the disease. Unpleasant society. His noir elements, such as paranoia, fit nicely with its basic procedural thrillers. While some unforgettable scenes are appropriately concealed by the fuming atmosphere created by Kazan. Although some of the early character psychologists threaten to run a movie through an alley-based conversation, this is definitely a movie worth keeping to the rest. It is not an essential movie-noir, and perhaps even an essential Kazan, but certainly a highly recommended film that prays for it to be discovered by a new generation of film lovers and reassessed by an old guards who may have missed that day. 7.5 / 10
