Elia Kazan, one of the country's best theater directors ever, has shown that she is at home with movies. With the "Panic in the streets," Mr. Kazan gives us an early version of what will come later, perhaps with his masterpiece "On the Riviera", although both films share only water because they are different visions of different subjects. Mr. Kazan shot at a location in New Orleans. The adaptation of Daniel Fuchs from the story of Edna and Edward Anhalt, who are the basis of the film, is delighted by the fact that it leads us to a place that no tourists dared to see when visiting The Big Easi. One of the biggest advantages of this film is the magnificent black and white cinema of Joseph MacDonald, which shows Nev Orleans at its best. Also, the music of Alfred Nevman and the song Billie Holidai gives him a good touch. This film could have been filmed in New York or some other big city in the north, because it presents us with figures you talk more like "Brooklyn" than you could hear the southern accent in that part of the country. One thing is clearly seen in the movie, Jack Palance, debuting on the screen, shuffling the screen each time. one sees it. He was so intense! At the same time, this stubble shows a gentle side when he goes to see his sick partner, who is unknown to him, is hit by a deadly illness. Blackie, comforting this man who fascinates his swarthy face and runs his hands through the fat hair of a dying man. It is also noteworthy that Mr. Palance and Mr. Mostel, seem to have done their own acrobatics, something so refreshing, as both actors have made it seem real. introduction of the Reed family at the beginning of the film. We see a family man who paints furniture with a young son. Later, he and his wife discuss how it seems that they can not connect the end with his pay, which many families face daily. Richard Vidmark, playing a normal person is not as effective as when this actor plays more sophisticated and more intense people. Barbara Bel Geddes, as a woman, sounds like a woman from a suburb of Connecticut. The film is pleasing thanks to the direction of Mr. Kazan and the great actor who works in the film.
