In a panic on the streets, Richard Vidmark plays a US Navy doctor who severely interrupted the week with a plague. As policeman Paul Douglas correctly indicates that the guy died of two bullets in his chest. There is no problem here, the two of them become reluctant partners in an effort to find killers and all others who are exposed to the disease. As any number of people pointed out, for some reason Director Elijah Kazan did not bother to throw small pieces to anyone who sounds like they are from Louisiana. Since I was in New Orleans where the story unfolds, I can personally confirm that. Richard Vidmark and his wife, Barbara Bel Geddes, can be justified because he can be assigned as a naval doctor there, but for those who do not do it. But with plague and news While being kept secret, PD New Orleans launches a network of city underworld. The dead guy came from a ship from Europe and had connections to the underworld. A wise guy from Nev Orleans who played Jack Palance jumps on a bunch of misguided conclusions and starts harassing a cousin of a dead guy who begins to show symptoms of plague. Palance received criticism in the first film on which he received the notification. Personally my favorite in this movie is Zero Mostel. It happened just before Mostel was on the black list and around that time he made a specialty of the game would be rough guys who are really brave. He plays the same role in Humphrea Bogart, The Enforcer. Unfortunately, they can somehow identify themselves with Mostel in the last scene where Palance was persecuted by Vidmark, Douglas and half of Nev Orleans police. Seeing that the weight was caused by Zero trying to keep up with Palance, there was something else, because I am now in the Zero League now in the fighting department. in this film. If it was less, it would be the Indiana Jones movie. Panic on the streets won the Oscar for the best original screenplay that year. Kazan also made good use of the rivals of New Orleans and the French Quarter. Some of the similar recordings are later used in Na rivi. In fact, Panic in the streets is talking about people who do not whine when they really should be in their best interest. Very similar again on the waterfront. Panic in the streets makes all the proud who have been associated with it. Why Elijah Kazan could not get some decent New Orleans that sounded to people in small roles.
