When stiffness occurs with pulmonary plague (a variant of bubonic plague), US public health official Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Vidmark) immediately puts in quarantine anyone who knows he is close to the body. Unfortunately, stiffness is so murdered, and there is a great chance that the killer will begin to spread the plague, which leads to an epidemic. Meet the captain of the police, Paul Douglas, who is engaged in finding the killer as soon as possible and preventing a possible national disaster. While panic in the streets is a quality movie, she suffers from a little is unfocused and a bit overwhelmed (my reason for dropping the score to eight). She walks with genres from the noirish gangster to a medical disaster, police procedural, thriller, and even romance. This is not the best work of the director Elijah Kazan, but he says it's a little dishonest. Kazan is the helmer responsible for such masterpieces as the Tram Named Desire (1951), The Riviera (1954) and East of Eden (1955), after all. This film was before, but Kazan said he was already "unbounded" for the studio. Taking this freedom too far can partially explain the spread. The film was set up in Nev-Orleans, a city in which Kazan "wandered around ... at night and day, so I knew it well." He wanted to exploit the environment. "It's so great and vibrant. I wanted boats, steam engines, warehouses, jazz joints - all in Nev Orleans." better. The film would benefit from a residue with only one or two of its moods. Spreading in terms of placement would still work. Part of this dilemma may have been caused by the fact that Panic on the streets attempts to connect two stories of Edna and Edward Anhalt, "Quarantine" and "Some like Em Cold." is ending in the territory of a trilogy with an extended hunting scene at the end of the film, it is probably the highlight. It's not surprising that Kazan said he believed the villains were "lighter" - I never had much love for good guys. I do not like puritans. "A close second is the only material approaching the" panic "of the title - discovering the plague and attempting to find them exposed, inoculating them and keeping the disease in. Although there is a lot of uncertainty during these two" moods ", much of the film is is also a fairly straightforward drama, with pacing that is more typical of that genre. Dialogue is great. The stylistic difference in relation to many modern films could hardly be more pronounced. It is intelligent, quick and well expressed by of each character. The conflict is not created by "stupid" decisions, but clever moves, events and actions of characters are more like a chess game. When unusual attitudes such as Reid holding a plague from the newspapers are taken, it gives a relatively long justification for its decisions about which other figures are arguing. In light of this, it is interesting that Kazan believed "Justice, religion, ethics and the middle class are killing us all." This idea enters the film through changes in the norm, or the permissions made by the protagonist. For example, the main gangster Blakey (Jack Palance in his first film role) has been offered the card "Out of prison for free" if he will co-operate in the fight against the plague. The technical aspects of the film are fine, if nothing special, but the real reasons for watching are performances, an intriguing scenario and a well-written dialogue.
