Panic in the streets opens in a high noir style, a view of the dark street accompanied by a tilt of the camera up to the window, behind which is a pebble card game - opening which, together with some location recording, expects some of the atmosphere that Velles made a decade later in Touch Of Evil. One of the players opens a window; this is an appropriate action, which serves as an introduction to events, as well as the literary opening of our first glimpse into the underground world. Shot in high contrast black and white, Panic In The Streets has a huge benefit from the strong actors, as well as some fine recording locations in Nev Orleans. Scenes set up in places such as the morgue, full of maritime services or in the middle of the Frank's Place scrub paint offer a unique and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere that can not be created in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the influence of Dasin's revolutionary Naked Citi, who two years earlier established a decisive, almost documentary style within the noir cycle. In fact, Vidmark's previous role was in Dassin's even finer night and city, a film in which the sense of growing panic was even more pronounced. Joe MacDonald, the favorite director, photographed Panic In The Streets' detailed environment. MacDonald also worked on Kazan's Pinka and Viva Zapata! And again fired on Vidmark three years later in Fuller's Pick Up On South Street masterpiece. As others have noticed, in a way typical of some noir films, the work of Kazan offers a contrast between confusion, sickness and immorality of the streets with a modest, peaceful home life of cod. But while (for example) in Lang's Great Heat (1953), the domestic life of the hero was destroyed by the elements of the vows that surround the central figure - ultimately returning to work with increased alertness and vengeance - Panic in Streets put Reed's growing concern within the boundaries of what Just another workday. In spite of all the dangers, in the end he returns to the bosom of his family justified and satisfied. The implication is that the social balance has been restored, at least for now, by its professionalism and healing abilities. Of course, this imbalance is created by crime and illness. The two are closely related in this film. It resembles one of the labels from the much sharper Cobre (1986) - where "crime is a disease. Get to know the cure," a regular analogy in context, if one is uncomfortable with social reductionism. At its peak, while Blackie attempts to escape the boat, the images alludes to rats as if they are similar to criminals, which both pose a threat to the health of society. As (probably infected), Black goes through cheap rooms and pier with his friends, looking for something that he doubts that if everyone does not know exactly what it is, the plague and Blackie resonate together in the mind of the audience, adding further related associations. Ironically, Blackie's suspicion of Poldie's unfortunate cousin, that he "brought something" in the note, is correct - even if, finally, he can not sell or steal anything. Bleki's logical assumption that the police would not normally be frustrated by the murder of an anonymous illegal immigrant has a ring of truth about it, and his confusion is understandable. Dr. Reed, although she loves home, and on the side of society is a real noir hero. The genre is known to be the protagonist as a man walking alone, compelled to travel beyond the boundaries of the law. In his own way, Reed is forced to take morals in his own hands on behalf of society as a whole - a film dimension that is particularly appropriate, given the controversial personal history of the director Kazan. The director testified before the infamous HUAC, calling the suspected communists and companions. His film shows the suspects who are brought for questioning, as well as the manipulation of journalists, explaining that the prevailing public good justifies the funds. Such actions might reflect director's feelings at the time, assuming he accepted McCarthyite's witch hunting and suppression of civil rights that he produced in the light of the supposedly communist infiltration in the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist threats and the reaction of the state, issues such as appearing in the film are astoundingly modern. Highlights in the film include the noteworthy scene in which Blackie examines dying Poldi on the precise nature. Supposed cousin's cousins. As a cat, Bleki spreads his victim through the room, eventually overtaking a sick man's bed, holding Polly's feverish head in his hands - a striking, evil cradle. It is a gesture that emphasizes the intimate nature of corruption, either moral or physical. Apparently, the actors have done many or all of their own acrobatics, which leads to some other, very dramatic scenes in the end, as the police and health authorities close down the villains under the dock. Half crawling, half encoding across a slipper on the edge of the pool must have been a very unpleasant experience for Palance, but it is a sequence that adds immense to all of this. Occasionally less convincing elements interfere with the viewer. Obviously, Dr. Reed was left to fight potential state support. Perhaps it is also amazing, never inoculated - calling for a dramatic twist that never happens. And at the end of the film, a potential epidemic is stopped, all contacts are located, a bit too tidy. But these weaknesses are more than surpassed by another movie satisfaction that still makes compulsive and relevant viewing today.
