It's a difficult movie to classify "10 items or less". Generally speaking, I do not care about defining genres, but there is something in this movie that makes you want to put it in a particular category, so that you can convey, even with only one word, your feelings about it. I fully recommend this film to everyone and, if you truly enjoy the movie and if you enjoy life, you will want to do the same as soon as you finish watching. I recommend this film and call it a beautiful and wonderful acknowledgment that it is not perfect, but it does not do anything wrong. I do not want to sound like I'm contradicting myself, but I believe that writer / director Brad Silberling knew exactly what he was doing when he finished writing this inspiring scenario. I'm sure he wanted to achieve a product that has nothing to do with perfection: a product that would be so simple, attractive and uncompromised as its title. Well, he did it. Silberling, the director of long, complex, dramatic films such as "The City of Angels" and "Moonlight Mile", proves with "10 items or less", which closes in only 70 minutes, the passion that has for her work and the faith that she has in her. Silberling here proposes that actor (Morgan Freeman) put in front of his wife (Paz Vega) into the store and take them exactly to a place that would take their ordinary life away. I can not tell you any more, because in obvious simplicity lies a thought that causes a background that should not be underestimated. Because everyone here is here: the camera focuses directly on the two main characters, who share an endless conversation in driving a car with stops that are not infinite just because life is life. And let me express how praiseworthy how well Silberling solves the situation by saying that he arrives, in less time (not only during the film's duration, but in one day when the film develops its events) and in a smaller place, the kind of connection between the two characters Sofia Coppola generated in "Lost Translation". The film, set up in Tokyo, also met actor and wife, and they also talked about the moments in which their lives live. It's in conversations where we feel provoking the quality of "10 items or less" and, just like in Coppola's film, the naturalness of every situation is never lost, and images with all their music and without words do not look forcible or included in the picture to "buy time ". In this aspect, the collaboration of Silberling and his photo director Phedon Papamichael. The man who recorded beautiful landscapes in "Sideways" and focused on any emotion in "Patch Adamsu", enthuses us with visual passages of true natural beauty. But the superb beauty of "10 items or less" can be found in his acting edition (Avi Kaufman) in two protagonists. They are the ones who convey the feeling I mentioned at the beginning and I can not say; we feel their connection and we can say they are having fun and maybe even improvise things. Oscar winner Morgan Freeman, also executive producer of the film, simply stands and confirms the status that the film industry has today, and the one deserved: a calm man, filled with wisdom that can easily flatter you can make you smile. And beautiful Paz Vega (well, I said she's great at "Spanglish"). Here she proves that the real thing is, and Hollywood is not her.
