Well done! Morgan Freeman is an actor who explores a character who is selected to play before committing himself. Freeman is "good fit" for this movie (as it was for "Driving Miss Daisi"), and he is not only persuasive, but he has the opportunity to change his character to play characters with reserved dignity and competence. Although there are no guarantees in life, for anyone, this gives the actor an excellent opportunity to play different or unique characters that stand out, in order to avoid getting stereotypes. And it must be said that stereotypes have aggravated, or completely destroyed, a significant number of acting career. This is a low-budget movie that, astoundingly, is made in a span of only two weeks. . It's a film that was well directed and written by Brad Silberling. The local manager chose Carson, California to set up a movie, and the location helps to set the tone and movie recording time. Editing is fair to good, but a bit rough. Silberling was a "subcontractor," who told Freeman to work on this film while the actor was between film projects. There is good chemistry between Freeman and Paz Vega, a Spanish actress, and this opens an effective dialogue between each member of the acting group, which are different and come from different cultures. The film also encourages understanding among people who not only speak two languages ​​(English and Spanish), but come from two different worlds of ethnicity, race, gender, norms, customs, beliefs, folk performances, principles and values. The film strives for honesty and comes to some truth in order to maintain the integrity of the film. Part of the comedy is that Freeman plays an unemployed actor who is out of work for four years. True, Freeman is as demanded as an actor to work constantly. The film offers an adventure for binding, caring, sharing, changing and exchanging. And, film attachments give the viewer a review of some of the things an actor must pass in preparation for the role. If necessary, tell your boss to take "mental health day", and go watch this movie. If possible, bring your important person or your family with you. I ran a film for 10 out of 10. It's nice, interesting, informative, touching and valuable.
