Knowing when to finish a movie is as important as casting, directing, and acting. And it's nice to see when the director / script correctly understands. The clock in only 82 minutes, 10 items or less, does not stretch the story, trying to grasp the dimmed themes. He remained focused, funny, sad and well-designed. Morgan Freeman (LUCKI NUMBER SLEVIN) plays "Care", an old-fashioned actor, grappling with all the roles he has been introduced to. We met with "Him" as he travels to the supermarket in the Kid City (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing that he has a star in his car, Kid is pressuring him to talk about his absence at the cinema over the past several years. He is not quite ready because, not only was he out of it, but also on his way to a place where he could shoot an indie film in which he could act ("I did not decide if I would accept the part"). Kid is the cousin of the director involved in this indie venture and will soon be releasing him in the middle of the week. Stuck, He decides to check the local market. Immediately enters the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega) that manages 10 things or less. Not only memorable, but also intelligent, He begins to use it as his main subject of research for his forthcoming independent film role. He finds out how quickly he calculates the numbers and why he knows all the members of this isolated community. But He does not only use Scarlet, it helps her to see her deeper in her life. They travel together to get her car back from her cheating husband, and he teaches how to behave in order to get the new job he is working on, and how to dress for success even when he confronts Target as a symbol of local clothing. This is probably one of the funniest moments when we also see Him, demonstrating his complete lack of understanding of the chain of retail chains ("These T-shirts are only $ 12 dollars! How is this possible!") End, as stated at the beginning of this review , is abrupt or approximate. There is no way that these two will ever remain friends, although they form a unique relationship. They know when to say good-bye and what each of them got. It's a quiet but attractive moment as Scarlet's car sit in an empty walk in front of his house. It's a big independent production and one that spends a little time on leaving. And you will not waste your time.
