To be honest, if somebody told me the director of the Lemoni Snicket series about unhappy events, Citi of Angels, and Caspers will do a nice little budget indie movie and that would be really good, I would say that person must be joking. But that was director Brad Siberling. And it was really good. "10 items or less" has a similar image for movies such as "Before Sunrise," "Lost in Translation", or the recent "Once". This involves a random meeting of two people who, if they did not put the coincidence there, probably would never cross the path, or if they did, they would not tell each other to each other. Like these films, "10 items or less" focuses on the relationship that builds and how characters come to understand each other and upgrade each other to the strong and weak sides. an unnamed actor who explores his role as an employee in the grocery store for the upcoming independent film and for things beyond his control ends the day with a lady in 10 things or less of the streets played by Paz Vega. She has a broken marriage and hopes to get a new job as a secretary. At first, Freeman's figure just needs to be transported home. However, after spending time with her, he wants to meet her and maybe even offer some advice. Brad Siberling builds characters almost entirely through exchanges between Freeman and Vega. The action is just the setting for these two characters to communicate with each other most of the movie for 80 minutes. Freeman is having fun with his character because he appears as an outsider in the world of the lower class, in which Vega lives, Scarlett. Vega, meanwhile, continues to grow from a stubborn saleswoman upset by the situation in her life to move on. There are several things that really stand out in this movie. First, Siberling was probably noticed by independent cinema to make sure the relationship is sincere and not falling into Hollywood traps. It is a very common friendship that is developing convincingly during the film. It works, although the situation itself seems inconceivable. I am also impressed with the performance. While Freeman's presence gives the film credibility from the outset, it shows a certain amount of charm and fun that are usually not seen by him. In the meantime, Paz Vega is preparing for a breakthrough in the American film in the future. I loved her in Spanglish and it's as good here as heavy, pointless Scarlet. At the end of the film, it successfully transmits the growth of its character. I can not wait to see her in several films. Overall, 10 items less function best as a character, good scriptwriter and directed by Brad Siberling. He did not write much, and his feature film consisted mainly of large Hollywood films. However, there is certainly an artist at work and I am worried to see if he will again take this route.
