It was reviewed on September 2, 2006 at the 2nd Projection at the Paramount 1 Theater during the Toronto International Film Festival. The film had a world premiere the day before in the visual inspection room at Elgin's Theater. The basic plot involves Morgan Freeman who plays a popular actor who is on the slopes of his career and takes on the role of a role that might be under him, but he still works with a positive attitude knowing he has to pay rent, etc. The low drop is marked by its long existence between roles with previous shifts in cheap DVD containers and its leadership is not too secure in itself, the production assistant who leaves Freeman on the local market, where he will do research for the role of supermarket managers. It soon reveals that the market in real life was driven by a railway employee "10 items or less" by Paz Vega. When Freeman's ride never comes back and Vega needs help in preparing the interview, the circumstances forced them to team up in a city-wide drive to get Freeman home and get Vegu a job that will lead her to a career. While the movie was pleasing, it looked like it was still a sketch or work in progress. There were two extended musical sequences (one with Veg and Freeman who taught one other children's songs in a car, one that literally plays as a music video Paul Simon), who felt like padding to raise the time, and even then the film was only 80 It's good that he likes Morgan Freeman, too, because without him this would be too little. It must have been fun in parts, and Paz Vega is also a thrill, but it was not enough to say that this was a complete movie. They lost me when Morgan Freeman started talking about stopping the car to ask for directions and Paz Vega says it never works. Who ever heard of a guy who wants to ask for instructions and a woman who says no !? In the real world, this is exactly the opposite. Make sure you stay for sources in loans. A bit with the Target Store seller who teaches Morgan Freeman how to penetrate the sale is just hilarious! Very early when Friman's driver insisted that Freeman's voice was reading "Tape Books" was also quite fun. The director / writer Brad Silberling and Actress Paz Vega were here for a brief question and after screening. Silberling replied to one question saying that the script was not written specifically for Morgan Freeman and that once Freeman took over, he actually did a little change what was there. A complete compliment for Silberling's writing, as well as how Freeman can only get in the role and feel completely as if he was born to play.
