Running only seventy-two minutes, this little, overlooked dramatic 2006 is actually just a two-way sketch, but one that works well within its limitations. Serving almost completely in various, non-descriptive locations in southern Los Angeles, the story itself is insignificant, but like Sofija Kopola "Lost in Translation", the film is much more about two strangers who meet unexpectedly, find a common bond and leave . back into their lives enlightened for an important encounter. It also significantly helps Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega to play characters. Finally freed from the wise sages and authority figures, which became his specialty on the big screen, Freeman seems to be comparatively liberated as a somewhat self-reliant film star. His character is taken to a retail store in Carson, where he will be able to explore the role he is considering in the indie movie. No job for several years, he is confused when in DVD he sees DVDs of his films, but his ego is such that he does not lack the audacity to watch and even mimic the relaxed shop staff. Especially fascinated by Scarlet, an outrageous worker from Spain, and taken to an express line where she is an unnecessary model of efficiency. She has an interview for a secretarial job in a construction company, but her profound insecurity is already defeating her chances. Still resembling Amazonian sister Penelope Cruz, the beautiful Vega (one of the few aspects that can be used for James Brooks' spraglish) brings sharp edge and real vulnerability to Scarlet. She and Freeman play very well throughout the story, which includes stopping not only in the store, but also in Target, Arbia and car washes. Nothing happens except to show that two people understand the resonant passage of random encounters. Silberling keeps the process simple, but the production also reflects professional mastery in the live cinema of Phedon Papamichael. "Sidevais") and the contagious outcome of Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("The City of God"). There are also fast comedies by Bobi Cannavale (like Scarlet's soon-former husband) and themselves, Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as funny bits with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as a headless driver and Jim Parsons ("knight" in "Garden State") as a receptionist fan. The 2007 DVD is packed with accessories, including documentary filming, "15 days or less" for movie students and running marathons for 103 minutes; six extended scenes; carefree, but insightful conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of Target; and a pair of clips that specifically advertise DVD.
