I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. 'The Shavshank Redemption' is at the top of my favorite films of all time. But I have to admit that I often wondered about his choice of role. Many of his titles were big budget clichés without heart. '10 Items or Less' for me means the return of Freeman into a role that truly shows his significant acting talents. Freeman plays an unnamed, once a great Hollywood actor who has not worked for years. . He was offered to take part in an unspecified indie for some research in a shop in the poor neighborhood of LA. After being trapped by his mischievous driver there, Freeman was offered a ride home at the box office of the girl Scarlet (Paz Vega), with whom he became friends. However, before he can take him home, Scarlet has a great interview for the job he needs to get, and Freeman agrees to join in exchange for a ride. The film follows Scarlet and Freeman at several locations. , but the film is actually just a piece about the character of the interaction between the two. Freeman is an essentially unrelated Hollywood guy who has not heard of Target and does not know his phone number or even the day of the week. He pronounces the wisdom of the Dalai Lama filtered through his' whole world is only the mentality of the stage, and repeatedly calls Scarlet's job interview by 'audition'. Yet, he has a way with people, a way to influence those who stretch beyond his glory. He is a fan of humanity. He studies them, asks them the constant questions about them and enjoys their miracles, where others will simply be upset. In Scarlet, he sees the stubborn, proud loner he was; see the man he used to be. Scarlet, for his part, shows a sharp pride and a sharp language that serves to hide his own insecurity in himself. Vega plays a role with a relationship with Freeman, which creates a line between almost the daughter of love and physical attraction, although she plays it beautifully and is not as creepy as it sounds. But even as she feels her relationship with Freeman is growing, Scarlet has a sharp eye on the reality of their different worlds and cuts through Freeman's Hollywood bull * a hit with sharp pragmatism that refuses to accept anything other than the truth. <br /> <br Film is smart, fun and well written, with a dialogue that is simple but effective. I read an IMDb review that said the lines were "stiff", which I think is the wrong interpretation of realistic human speech. There are no big solilokvia here, no deep moments in the search for the soul. And so it's a trick, I mean, to show how people in ordinary, everyday life can connect with each other. And I think that Freeman and Vega are drawing it nicely, painting the image of the connection between two people who shine like the sun on the ocean, essential and elusive. Long after he left, he lives in your memories, tempting you with what could have been. OK, that was a bit floral, but I really liked the shows and the movie. I would certainly recommend it.
