Diego Armando Maradona was sixteen in 1978 when Argentina won the World Cup at home. He was already the biggest star, and the biggest player in the country obsessed with football. Everyone prayed Caesar Louis Menotti to play genius guys, but the manager thought he was not ready yet. History tells us that Argentina won the World Cup in 1978 quite convincing - they did not need Maradona. The same was true in 1982. Spain was a catastrophe catalog for Argentina. Menotti - he still smoked in the chain - this time played by Diega, but the opportunity was too much for such a temperamental boy. Maradona signed a contract for Barcelona on June 4, 1982 for about $ 7 million - nine days later he played his first match at Camp Nou, and Belgium beat Argentina one-zero. It was not a favorable debut, and even though in the next match he scored twice against Hungary, Maradona will recall the mundial as his place of contention - a rude, violent offense in the Brazilian Batista in the second round that suddenly ended his tournament and Argentinean rule as world champions . But now it was behind him. Maradona ran into some crazy times in Barca and in 1984 went to Napoli. As if he was finally at home. Naples typhoos have done everything to draw Maradona to the poor Naples. Gifts from old men and pocket money from the boys uncomfortably nested with the millions of Kamora as part of the transfer fee, and the city was determined to feel at home. So, for now, Maradona was El Rei - he brought his Argentine side to Mexico as one of the favorites, and with the new manager - Carlos Bilardo replaced Menotti. Maradona is the hero of this story, the machine for winning the World Cup. In 1982, hundreds of young men died in a futile battle for the Falkland Islands; now the British press has long waited for the revenge (with the same result) in Mexico City. Maradona was still recognized in England, she remembered more for a wonderful performance in Britain during a 1980 tour than for Spain. But he was still Argie: an enemy. England actually started well, and Lineker was able to score after only twelve minutes. A key event took place for 8 minutes. Fenvick, a large and limited English defender, was reserved - he was now terrified of the challenges surrounding the penalty area. After a tense first 45 minutes, the other half started with a scratch. Maradona played forward for 50 minutes, but failed to find a way to pass. Similarly, Wald's attempt only hit white shirts. Then the moment of disgrace that serves as Diego's epitaph. Hodz bizarrely hooked the ball back into his penalty zone, Shilton jumped up quickly to give up - but there was Maradona, who somehow rises above the English goalkeeper and scored the ball in the net. How did he do it? Simple: handball. The most famous offense in football history has passed in a slow pace. Each viewer waited for Mr. Al-Sharif from Syria strikes for a foul (not). Shilton looked up and called the stewards - he ran back to the middle circle. Unless he kills the Pope, or becomes the first man to walk on Mars, when the great man dies, this moment will be shown first - in a long, long, slow motion, accompanied by a look of joy on his face. The next picture will be his next tribute to the world - the best goal of the World Cup. Burruchaga pardoned the ball towards Maradona that circled around the right side of her half. He expanded and accelerated further from Beardsley and Reid. This was real Diego - he broke through Butcher and attacked Fenvick. Fenvick had the opportunity now to stop the attack. Normally, he would take the boot somewhere near Maradona's thigh - he's sure he would pick up a red card, but who cares? Then Fenvick had a brainstorm - he hesitated, and decided to run at Maradona waving his hands - maybe he was trying to turn him off? Diego shot the box while Fenvick fell. The butcher ran alongside the genius as if offering encouragement. Shilton panicked, and Maradona turned around and was ready to hit. Now Butcher has remembered his role and tried to enrich the Argentine - instead he gave an additional incentive to the bullet that broke into the goal. England returns home. During this magical Mexican flight, the world found the successor to Pele. In fact, the greatest player ever surpassed - Pele was excellent in 1958 and 1970, but he had great players around him. Maradona is not. 1986 was his World Cup.
