This film is obligatory for all people who enjoy football as an art. The first time this film hits the World Cup in football is the way it's filmed. In addition to following the show as a TV show, there is a generous record dedicated to tracking individual players in the games. It brings emotions and situations through which these people pass through as they try to achieve glory. Today's style of television broadcasting, so different from that of 1986, is still worse than this film. Players are not the only stars. Audiences, judges, journalists who accompany matches and the environment themselves play a central role in the development of what is now history. In this movie you can see how all these factors play together in a very explicit way. In that sense, today's television broadcast style has not yet reached this level of quality, although it is now much closer than before. There are several prominent players: Maradona (Argentina), Elkjaer and Laudrup (Denmark). ), Francescoli (Uruguay), Platini (France), Lineker (England), Rummenigge (Germany), Butrague # (Spain), Socrates (Brazil) and Sanchez (Mexico). This film is not a collection of the best football moves of Mexico in 1986, although most of them are well covered. There is a lot of stress in the entire film for presenting several aspects of the game and the competition itself based on the progress of these players and teams, even at the cost of skipping the relevant games of the games themselves. This is what makes this movie so interesting and unique. For what happened to the judges in Mexico in 1986, many comments on this film and the World Cup are extremely Maroon. Many of these comments do not take into account that there is a judge and two rangers, that they are people as players, and that all the above mentioned mistakes are made in one way or another. Football rules do not allow judges to use television replica to make decisions, so judges usually have to decide what they see. As a consequence, judges play an active role in the development of the game. Their influence can be seen in several parts of this film. The continuation of the 1990 World Cup film, in comparison with this, is just the source of bitterness. Much of this comes from the fact that he became too involved in the game, while this film talks things from a farther, impartial point of view.
