It seems that people do not give Lensman enough credit wherever he needs it. A few questions are ignored, which is key to understanding Lensman's experience. Age: For the year it was made (1984) Lensman has some of the most beautiful effects I've ever seen. As a person who looks at animation in the early 1980s, Lensman is unique in using what appears to be computer-generated images at a time when computers were extremely primitive. Kim's fight against geometric cutting pods in a laser labyrinth can be taken as an excellent example of this. Every time I watch I have to keep repeating that it was 1984 when it was made. Soundtrack: Lensman has one of the most unusual sounds I've heard, and this crazy hysterical Beat movie permeates every corner of the movie. Lensman borrowed heavily on two Western mistakes and managed to deal with the first one - the need to fill every second of silence in a movie with music and the need for heroin in seconds. Although the music fits well and galvanizes scenes such as the motorcycle fight at the Tionit factory at Radelik, the theme of heroin fails due to the pure value of Chris. It's interesting to note that constant music hindered my attempts to remove noise when I archived the lens from the analogue tape to digital format - since no second of silence was available as a reference point. <br /> <Western influences: Helmut - sounds like a "helmet" and has about the same voice as Darth Vader. Clarissa Fairborn - has the same hairstyle as the princess of the SV and her name sounds suspiciously similar to Marissa Fairborn from Transformers. He takes on the role of Han Solos flew by boat and possessing certain technical expertise. Buzzkirk - definitely improving Chevbake. Lens - a beautiful concrete copy of a force that encounters less as an opportunity to preach Christianity in the audience than in the original SV. While power relied on a belief far higher than concentration, the lens is a pure means of concentration. Theoretically, everyone could use the lens. The lens is far more limited than the Force - which is a purely defensive / offensive weapon. Technology. They look like storm hunters only with red uniforms, instead of white. The idea of ​​a DNA weapon was beautiful enough to be developed. The Galactic Alliance looked like Starblazers (or whatever it was called - the 60s series in which they fought with Xylons). There was not enough boats for me for this - this is much better in another Lensman movie. The final note on Vorzel. This character is a unique and very interesting character-design that luckily continues on another film. <br /> <br />
