Special television debut Barbra Streisand is still the highlight in the history of entertainment - in all media. Smartly divided into three separate parts (in order to reduce the breakdown of commercial interruptions), Streisand made a decisive decision to reject a typical time format (which is why there are no guest stars or a forced joke) and bears. a whole show on her shoulders alone. The risky move paid off enormously because MY NAME BARBRA set a new standard for music programming on television. Filmed in a magnificent black and white (which actually contributes to the effectiveness of the show), MY NAME IS BARBRA impeccably imaginative and impressively captured. However, what makes this show truly transcendent is Streisand itself. Watching this 23-year-old artist, which runs for 55 minutes, is nothing less than exciting. She is in a fantastic voice (she even performs her first and third live action), and gives the first evidence of the great stellar power that will soon follow her on the big screen. The special biggest advantage is the boldness in allowing Streisand to simply stand on the stage and sing some great songs. After a strong performance "Much More" (short opening of Leonardo Bernstein's "Mi Name Is Barbara" clip), Barbra continues to walk through a multi-level studio that performs a mossy version of Disney's classic. Running late. Between the verses "I'm late", Streisand stops at various levels of the set to sing some great numbers, such as the "Make Believe" obsession and the thunderous "How to taste the wine?" Halfway through the first action, Barbra reintroduces her childhood into the roles of "A Kid Again" and then gives very energetic performances "I'm Five" and "Sweet Zoo" while wandering among an oversized set. However, the illusion eventually collapsed, while Streisand came out of fantasy and back into the real world. Then he sings about that lost innocence from childhood in the beautiful "Where is the miracle?" Streisand then goes on a platform surrounded by the whole of it - full musicians and performs exciting performance "People" before the crowd applause of the audience in the live studio. Act II special begins with Streisand for the audience in the studio with the "I Got The Blues" campaign before introducing a comedy monologue on "Pearl of Istanbul". Streisand then goes to the department store Bergdorf Goodman, which allows her to sing a mixture of songs of poverty while parading around in some elegant fashion stores. This segment is the brightest culmination of specialties for many fans and critics. Some of the main points of a mixture of Act II include Streisand singing restrained version of "Second Hand Rose" for the audience, appearing as a Latin fighter in the song "Nobody knows when you're down and out" and showing frustration while robbing "Brother, can you You save money. " The third act of a special concert is a direct concert, with no set pieces or concepts. Streisand is a performer who really thrives on the concert scene, and this segment is the most exciting moment of specialty. Streisand enters the release of "When the sun rises" and continues to amaze the viewer a beautiful version of THE IEARLING ballad "Why did I chose" terrible execution "Lover Come Back to Me, and passionate mix of three songs from the funnel GIRL. However, Streisand actually surpasses phenomenal performance of Fanny Brice / Billie Holidae standards "Mi Man", which immediately became one of the most popular songs of singers. <br /> <br /> Streisand performed her undying ballad version "Happy days are here again" until the final credits move on the left side of the screen. Symbolic for MY NAME BARBRA was a huge triumph rating when it was first broadcast, and in the end he picked up five Emmi awards with the mastery of two Top-Five, gold-sold albums. Looking at all this again, It's no surprise.
