Streisand fans, who are only familiar with her work from FUNNY GIRL, should see this show to see what a brilliant performer Streisand was - before she achieved her goal of becoming a movie star. There has never been a female singer before, and never again would she (sorry, Celine - only in your dreams!), But never again Streisand would not sang with energy, and, above all, ENTHUSIASM. and the EASY with which she performs here - by the time she arrived at the Central Park concert only 2 or 3 years later, she recorded FUNNY GIRL in Hollivood and her style of performance became less spontaneous and more reserved, more trained (and let's face it With that: more angry - there is a wall between her and the audience. The live performance was never what she really enjoyed - she did it because she knew it was her Hollivood card, and when she did not have to work anymore, she has done as little as possible (and oh, that legendary scenery makes it so Good Say!) <br Her vocals here and at her earlier show, Judy Garland Shov, are incredible: Streisand could really make a new song, and composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen liked it for that. But in the 1970s Streisand was trying to be a "rock" singer, her albums to a younger audience, with an exaggerated screaming of songs that were not worth the effort or her voice. In the 1980s she returned with that brilliant "Broadway album", but she went on and talked about it what was the struggle to do, how "they" are telling her it does not work, etc. Oh please - when someone told Streisand what to do? She could do all this with good things, bringing the audience to its level, rather than getting down to what she thinks of as a young audience. (The continuation of "Back to Broadvai" was not as good as Streisand seems to think is necessary to improve the work of other composers: if he was alive at that time, would Richard Rodgers even recognize his "Some Enchanted Evening" "Rodgers, Noted because he set the task of singing with his own melodies, it was undoubtedly that Streisand sang what he wrote! She also hits Michael Cravford from the CD in their duet "Music of the Night" - apparently reminding him of whose lyrics It's a CD, why is it insisting on taking a song Those singing and singing them alone, and songs that are not duets and sing them as duets with someone else whom she then diminishes? Judy Garland allegedly took Streisand aside and advised her: "Do not let them do what you are for me "Streisand warned not in vain thinking - despite the contrary claims, it surely appears to have always been her route or highway. Imagine - she told CBS that her first TV show would be made - no guests, only her. But no one can argue with the results that are so obvious here. Treat yourself with this brilliant musical phenomenon BEFORE it was a legend - you will be absolutely stunned by this difference! PS - I looked at it again last night (12/01) after I had not seen it for many years - it was even BETTER than I remembered! The first act begins with "I'm late" and includes "Do Believe" and "How To Taste the Wine" and Barbra is giving respect to childhood, "I'm Five" - ​​she experiences the climax of how Streisand appears with full (and I mean FULL) orchestra singing "People" - has not bothered the song yet, although it is a somewhat shorter performance that is really up - compare it to some of its later "auto-pilot" versions. The second act (after Streisand's "cook" schtick-patter, which has not changed much over the years) is a famous series of Depression songs in the midst of Bergdorf-Goodman's extravagance. The third act is a stunner - call it "Streisand, Orchestra and Audience" (although we never see an audience that supposedly witnesses this historic event). With her fear of the audience and disdain for such a performance, it may have been the hardest part for her, but if so, she does not show her credit. She goes through the "Lover Come Back to Me" and the "When the Sun Comes" (although I can not remember in what order!), Ostar "Why I chose you?" (One of my favorite Streisand songs) and offers a mixture of FUNNY GIRL songs , including (of course) "Don't Rain on Mi Parade" and my favorite song from the score, "The Music That Me Dance." Explaining that "Fannie Brice sang and as she did in 1922, she aroused Broadway ", Streisand sings" My Man "then, and it's almost a dress form for her later screen reproduction in FUNNY GIRL (main and the difference is that the black dress here is without sleeves - her film dress had long sleeves, and on the black background everything we saw was her hands and face, but the vocals were more urgent and stuffed than her later film vocals. with Streisand and nothing from Fannie Brice who, of course, never sang a song in such a comprehensive imagination as Streisand is doing here or in the movie - see BIG ZIEGFIELD for insight into Brice's understated version.) The show ends with Streisand, who sings "Happi Dais Are Here Again "through a loan. When it was almost I told the friend I was watching, "NEVER, NEVER done nothing better!" And she was TWO YEARS!
