Barbra Streisand was curiosity in 1964 and probably raised more than a few industrial browses when CBS signed it to a $ 10 million 10-year-old television contract (these days). But more importantly, Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control - and they got it. She had this special recorded in her own way, and for the most part her vision was swift, cunning and incredible. Opening Act I with the title song (which is not written specifically for her), Streisand races through classical music with the songs "I'm Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland"!) - is even kept in line around the fuzzy ears and mustache and " too much time to shave "!); This is a completely charming, if not bizarre, choice - and enjoy it because it did not release two albums from the soundtrack. Slows down for "Make Believe" (which may become too slow), but dramatically "How to taste the wine?" It's dazzling. "A Kid Again" is sweet (with Streisand that looks a little in the big chair - is Lili Tomlin getting an idea there?), Like "Sveet Zoo" ("I'm Alligator - Crocodile - Alligator!"). "Vhere is the Wonder" is very cool and elegant, and her "People" number, surrounded by an orchestra that sings at the end, is astounding. Act II was set up in Bergdof Goodman at Nev Iork, and Streisand plays the hooks in high-fashion get-up (when she plays the mines, the audience watches a snapshot that actually sighs). Action III, in front of the audience in the studio (made by the happy fans of the fan club), begins with a powerful version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand is actually breathless in dramatic closing), followed by "Why Did I Choose You?" (probably her best early song), "Lover, Come Back to Me" (where the orchestra finally drowned), and "Funny Girl" mix. Final, "Happi Dais are Here Again", which allegedly took 12 shots, closes the clock in an incredible way. Sponsored by Chemstrand (fiber-making company!), This black and white jewel is fast moving, with jazz set-up, great cinema, kicka sets and costumes. They do not do it anymore - and this applies to the specialty at La Streisand.
