I could not help but feel that it could have been a bigger movie than it was. The scenario was very intelligent and it seemed that it could have been opened in a way that resembled the Seven. Not by changing the story - I think mostly through cinema. Cinematography was the only thing I found to hold the film. On the other hand, pacing was absolutely in place. Whoever worked on editing really did a good job. I thought Bill Packton worked great. Now away from technical things ... This film threw me on the loop. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! All the time, I really felt that Bill Packton was crazy, and when Adam finally took the FBI agent to Rose Garden to show him where the bodies were buried and discovered who he was, I got on the loop. I doubted the first part of the plant, but what really confused me was when it touched the agent and saw the agent killing his mother and the fact that the agent (without uttered words, simply touching) saw again with Adam, he asked him how he knew. My dilemma was not that it was another reversal, but the almost insurmountable idea that this man and his father were not crazy, but they actually chose "bad guys" to say so, but knowing their sins and crimes. I do not support the eye, so I did not leave a movie to believe that they are doing God's work. Instead, I decided to believe that they were both visionary and that the father one day went from depth and through the things he subjected to his sons, and that he constantly harassed them. It was my interpretation, but the disturbing thing about the film was like a house of cards and a constant circle and which is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events through which you passed. It is definitely one of those films in which I would like to meet a writer so that I can only ask him what is the right meaning for everyone. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they simply telepathic and licensed for that? Or did they have some sort of God-like appearance? And if so, whether God or the devil hide as God. My friends and I talked about it all night trying to discover what is what and what the filmmakers thought was the answer when they made this movie. very disturbing but certainly not sensationalist elements. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely his thing. The great directing work and acting of The Pacton and the child who played Fenton was extremely good. I hope she will not end up with the child actor's syndrome because she seems to have a lot of promises. I have given this film a good voice for most of the movie's components, but I would vote more if there was no feeling that something (although I can not accurately determine what) was off and if it were not, the film would go to an even higher level. However, we definitely recommend, especially for those who are curious.
