The movie "Frailti" is actually a more psychological thriller than a horror movie. He has all the traces of horror, but it's not. "Frailti" is a film about the perception of religion and the realization of the differences between good and bad. In "Frailti", the middle age father (Bill Pakton) and his two sons claim to work God's work. It turns out that they are three notorious serial killers called "God's Hand". We see that the father kills the "demons" in some rather brutal ways while persuading his sons and themselves to do God's work and that what they do is right. He claims he received a message from an angel who gave him specific instructions to eliminate the demons living here on earth. God gave him a list of names and in return for his "service"; he and his sons will get protection, which basically means that the police will never be able to capture them. We see all this in front of us in a very disturbing way. But what is really disturbing is the effect he has on two sons, especially on his eldest son, Adam. Adam himself seriously suspects the existence of a supreme being, i.e. Until his father and a week in the basement do not change all that. He knows that his father apparently lost his mind and is pretty sure that the same thing happens to his younger brother, Fenton. Fenton, the other half of this puzzle, takes everything into his religion. He seems to have been captured in God's world and his father's demons. I guess that's because he's so young and easily impressive. But everything that happens to these three people is quite convincing, in fact, too convincing. Events that take place in a movie can be seen as a living hallucination experienced by three main characters. I say this because each responds to the situation in different ways and at one point in the film each claims to see God. Dad first sees killing as his mission. His "mission" eventually consumes him and quickly turns into obsession by destroying the demon. In fact, its hallucination is primary. His "orders" and the list of names he receives are part of this hallucination. Look at the scene where Dad finds an ax in the bar to discover where I'm coming from. Fenton, the younger son, is easily impressed with all these stories of demons and destruction. Since he is so young, he easily gets into his father's trap. Adam, on the other hand, is very skeptical about his father's actions. *** SPOJLERI *** In a way, the hallucination ends when Dad is killed by the end of the movie. (I will not say how or under what circumstances). But I'll say it's not pleasant. After his death, he is rapidly progressing to this day. (The story is spoken through flashbacks, as seen through the eyes of Adama's eldest son). In fact, Fenton is the one who tells the story, not Adam as he originally believed. The story is about the way in which he understood it, through his actions and actions of his brother. Fenton went crazy and continued what his father began to lure a FBI agent into his trap. Since religion is the main theme in this film, the film also plays the role of religion that is easily misinterpreted by those who do not have complete understanding. Before his father discovered his new mission, he himself had no clear understanding of religion, nor did he fully believe in the supreme being. His sons Fenton and Adam often sang innocent church ecclesiastical hymns, but they probably did not have a clear understanding of what the text meant. After the discovery of Dad's newly discovered mission, they both started in separate directions - Adam remained in doubt that there was a supreme being while Fenton was gradually drawn into the madness of his father. Very good thriller will crawl you, do not watch it alone.
