Frailti is a non-bloody film about horror that achieves its coldness by following the logic and the influence of the man's mischief / obsession in precariousness. Dad (we never know his name) is a mild man and a loving father who raves his sons after his mother died with the birth of her youngest son Adam. The family's family turns upside down one night when Dad enters the boy's room and tells them that God gave him a vision. And what kind of vision? The whole family's job is to destroy the demons, who are, of course, disguised as human forms. Starting from this premise, the film is unwavering in being followed. Dad kidnaps the people / demons that God has told him to destroy them, bind them, lay their hands on them to see the vision of their evil, and then kills them? while following his young sons. Fenton, the older boy, is terrified, seeing only his father who turned into a crazy killer. Adam, the younger, is unpleasant, but believes that his dad follows God's will. In the end, Dad leads his sons to the mission to take away the "demons" God puts on Dad's list, and ultimately invites them to fully participate in God's family mission. It's not, you understand, violent dad. He loves his children. He just follows God's instructions: "This is our job now, son, we have to do this." When Fenton is terrified and convinced that his father is crazy, he says he will report it to the police, his father explains, "If you do, son, I will die. The pressure on which the children are found is unbearable and tragic, and all the time is shaken (1) The structure of the movie is similar to that used in The Usual Suspects: a flashback story told at the police station by the FBI agent. Dark illumination, stormy weather conditions and frustrating calm in today's time contribute to the dangers of the background. The horror that took place was just a story, while I did not remember the real parallels of Andrea Iates, who believed she was obsessed with Satan and could save her children by drowning. Even then, I wanted to believe that I was watching a human tragedy, not a story of the divine punishment. /> The film did not provide such comfort, although it ultimately gave me strong clues, the truth of the dad's vision. And this, like some plots, was a problem for me, regardless of the accuracy of Dad's visions, regardless of the evil that his victims maybe they did, where someone has the authority to act like an angel of death? (1) Roger Ebert Reviev, 4/12/02
