Ok, the recent Star Trek history was not good. The next generation has faded in the last few seasons, the DS9 bravely stayed where no one had stayed before, and Voiager started very badly and never really fulfilled its promise. So, when they announced the new Star Trek series, I did not have great expectations. And, the first episode, Broken Bov, had some problems. But, all in all, it was a solid material for Trek and a good blow. First I will remove the Nails. The theme of the opening is boring and I'm not happy to go through it regularly, but that's what the remote controls are. What was really bad was a completely flawless scrubbing lotion that just drove my wife out of the room. They have to cut this nonsense. But the plot was strong and moved well. The characters, although still new, seem to be well-rounded and not always what you would expect. The volcanoes were apparently presented very differently than before, with a bit of annoying topic. I especially liked the linguist, who is the first Star Trek character who can not be proud of death, but has to deal with his phobias and fears. They seemed to remain faithful to Trek Lore, something that was a significant problem in the past series, even though they have enough time to bring us things like shooting through shields, the current invention of technology that can repair anything, and the inevitable multitude of stories about traveling through time. Does anyone want to start swimming with how much Borg will appear? All in all, the series has huge potential. They see the universe with fresh eyes. We have a chance to find out how things stand in the way they were in later series. How did the Klingons go from offensive to war? How did we get to know Romulans? How the Federation was formed and who put the Earth on the forehead. Why is the primary directive so important? If they deal with these things, and do not spit out the episodes of time travel, this will be an interesting series. My favorite line: Zephram Cochran says "where no man has gone before" (not "no one")
