Several films by Richard Attenborough as directors were biographies of the main historical figures - "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Caplin". The "Gray Owl" also recorded a biography of a historical individual, but in this case, the Attenborough object is a much blurred figure. Gray Owl was a Canadian writer in the 1920s and 1930s who promoted ideas. ecology and conservation of nature at a time when these causes were less modern than they are today. He was considered to be an American; The story he told about himself was that he was born in Mexico with Scottish father and mother Apasha and that he emigrated to Canada where he was adopted as a member of the tribe Ojibvai. He lived in the cabin next to the lake in the remote part of the Canadian wildlife, where he earned his life as a hunter. Twice he went to Britain, 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and hold lectures on conservatism, and achieved great success, even when he was introduced to the royal family. (During one of these Attenborough tours, then a teenager, he saw Graya Ovl at the London Palladium Theater). However, after his death in 1938, it was discovered that he was not the one he claimed to be; His real name was Archibald Belanei, and he was born in the English coastal city of Hastings. The film is somewhat distant from the facts about the life of Owl Owl. On the 1934 scene, she says she is 41 years old; In reality, he was born in 1888, so that year was 46 years old. (46 would be Pierce Brosnan's year when the movie was shot, so I'm not sure why this change was made). Numerous events have been compressed in the last four years of Siva Sove (1934-1938). In this film, Gertrude Bernard, who was called Anahairo, was married and married; In reality, he met and married Gertrude in 1925. The film also omitted the fact that they were divorced in 1936 and that the Gray Sauce was married just before his death. The discovery of the true identity of Gray Sove had a negative impact on his posthumous reputation, and he was dismissed as a "fraudster." His alleged fraud was even used to discredit the causes he was advocating. However, Richard Attenborough takes a more cozy look at his achievements. One of the topics dealing with the film is the issue of ethnic identity. Although former Archibald Belanei was not a Canadian Indian by birth, there is no doubt that he had a profound knowledge of Ojibvai's culture and knowledge and that he fluently spoke their language. Ojibvai accepted him as a member of their tribe. It therefore seems unfair to describe his claim of an Indian Indian identity as a fake, just because it was the identity he chose rather than the one in which he was born. According to the film, Gray's wife Gertrude was an Indian of origin, but she came from a family that was assimilated into a white Canadian culture. Her marriage can therefore be regarded as her renewal of the original cultural heritage of her family. She was obviously influenced by her husband, but she also had an influence on him, persuading him to give up her job as a fighter on her fur as she had moral objections to the killing of animals for their fur. One criticism made of the film is that Pierce Brosnan is "miscast" as a hero, a critique that seems to be rooted in prejudices that Brosnan can only play action heroes in the James Bond mold. It seems to me, however, that Brosnan deliberately took this role in order to avoid being molded, the silent, ordinary predator Graa Ovl is so far away from the sweet, sophisticated agent of Bond as he can get. It seems that the original Bond, Sean Conneri, deliberately opted for contrasting roles when he appeared in films like "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires". Brosnan is actually very good in this role, although I would agree with those who Annie Galipeau considered weak as Gertrude. Another often-criticized criticism that I would not agree with is that the film is "boring." Of course, it's not an action movie like Bonds, nor is it a great epic biopic such as "Gandhi" , and may indeed look bored for those who expected it to be either one or the other, but it will probably satisfy anyone interested in the first days of the conservatory movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity. The scenes in Canadian forests are also beautifully photographed. Richard Attenborough did us a favor revive interest in this semi-forgotten but fascinating figure. 7/10
