Originally conceived as a solo vehicle for Dudley Moore, 'Not only ... but also' saw his former Beiond The Fringe associate Peter Kuck guest in the first performance, and was so well received that the BBC-2 controller insisted that from then on on it every week. They were a classic comedy team - Cook was tall, handsome and funny, while Dudley was short, charismatic and musically talented. The sketch that brought the house brought them to the bar, wearing flat hats and mufles, fantasizing about movie stars such as Jane Russell and Greta Garbo. It remains one of the most cheerful sketches of all time, even when Kuk's corpses still hold together well. These characters - an idiot Pete and an even bigger idiot Dud - have found their way into every episode of a show seen in a different environment, such as a zoo or an art gallery. In the latter, they chew sandwiches while discussing artwork. "That cartoon Leonardo da Vinci ... I do not see a joke!" Says Dud. Pete points out that, when he was first discovered, he probably had people in attack. Dud almost drowned his tail. "You really enjoy these sandwiches!" The couple dismissed their humor in a way that was joyous. The sketches themselves set new standards for comedy, standards that would not coincide until the arrival of Monti Pithon. As the popularity of the show has increased, so is the quality of guest stars. Peter Selers, for example, and John Lennon, who presented the material on the basis of his song 'Gluvi Ted, Danooth, and I'. "One leg too much" - Dud was named "George Spigott" (the name was later re-used in the 'Bedazzled' movie), one-legged, casting in the office of film producer Cooka to audition for the role of 'Tarzan'. Cook tries to dissuade him as much as possible. "I have nothing against your right leg!" He says. "It's trouble - it's not you!" Dud would sometimes interview an eccentric Sir Arthur Streeb-Greebling (Cooka), who, when he did not teach the Ravens to fly underwater, planned to open a restaurant called The Frog & The Breach. Another classic was 'The Leaping Nuns' (also re-used in 'Bedazzled'). But my favorite for the entire time has to be 'Superthunderstingcar', the absurdly funny (and accurate) parody of 'Thunderbirds' Gerrie and Silvie Anderson. Pete and Dud played all the roles, while others performed "Ladi Penelope". 'Ludwig' is Ludwig Van Beethoven as a star 'This is Tom Jones' stylish shov. 'Immortal Bargo' was a documentary about life in 'Emma Bargo'. In an unforgettable moment, she drove through London, yelling through the spokesperson: "I want to be alone!" Character of Season 3 was 'Poets Cornered' with similar Ronnie Barker, Spike Milligan, Barry Humphries, Villie Rushton and others stopped on the tank. Each of them had to improvise the line of the song, and anyone who failed to rhyme it, got into nasty things. Three seasons are made in all, produced (at different times) by Joe McGrath, Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert. Unfortunately, few editions survive. To make things worse, the scripts were also destroyed. Prosjak believed that such a situation was allowed. The show ended in 1970. The comics then hit Broadway, made the infamous 'Derek & Clive' tapes, but Cook's growing alcoholism broke them apart. . Eight years later, Cook announced that the new series was in its infancy, but turned out to be his desire. His former partner filmed films in America and did not intend to work with Cook again (anyway at that time). Many recordings were collected for the BBC-2 repetition season in the early '90s. As expected, some items were not retained as any other. Cook died in 1995, and thanks to B.B.C, he compiled a program composed of various "Parkinson's" interviews and "Not only ... but also". It ended quite well with Pete and Dude who were in heaven. "Bloody hell!" He exclaimed. Moore died in 2002.
