Enterprise, the latest high budget for the most successful franchise in film and television history opens in a 90-minute episode called 'Broken Bov'. We first entered the mass action sequence with the Klingons that was hunted by some Suliban (which is the main enemy in the first season of the show). From there, a television movie leads us to a journey that rarely gets as good as it is, with some of the best characters, stories and action / visual effects ever seen in such a short time. The opening of a loan is a debatable topic among the Enterprise's minority fans, some of whom consider the song to be unreasonable. What they do not understand are the texts themselves. If you listen to the actual song, instead of the theme, then they will begin to share the pieces of the puzzle together. And finally, as the series progresses further and we learn more about our brave captain and his crew, will the song really become significant? Overall, Diane Varren's theme is beautifully orchestrated and sung just like opera singer Russell Vatson. laiered. The company is (in my opinion) one of the best shows of the next generation. Choosing Bakule's Score, while captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision ever since Gene was playing Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luke Picard. While the captain always guides the show, Bakula adds subtlety to his role and brings a huge smile on the faces of everyone with blood in their veins. He is simply (and the actor's wise and wise character) the supreme human being and his charm, spirituality and compassion are overwhelmed by watching. As for other actors, my favorite is John Billingslei, who plays Dr. Phlox. It's also nice to see a non-human role, and the decision to assign a captain to the dog, called "Porthos", was a well-accepted idea. Through the development of the character of the performance he was brilliant, was quick, timely and almost perfect. I say almost because the character of Travis Maiveather, played by Brittany Anthony Montgomery, is a little weak at the end of the first season. He has some things to say here and there, but remains in the hands of the manufacturer to make him more important. Jolene Blalock is awesome as a sometimes sharp but equally friendly sub-commander T'Pol. Dominik Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays a powerful role and is convincing as a weapons officer. Connor Trinneer plays star Charles Tucker's "Trip" who always adds charm and comic style to his character, and eventually Linda Park as Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character, but quickly becomes interesting. All of these characters are Enterprise, and all bring quality that Star Trek did not see for a long time. Every person makes this show worth watching. Smiles and feelings of good feeling are guaranteed immediately after we first see them together on the Enterprise NKS-01 bridge. I ship, NKS-01 is somewhat questioned in the design. . The series was set for 150 years from now and 100 years before Captain Kirk. Why does it then seem that the ship is similar in design to ships from the mid-24th century, that is to the Akira class ship? Continuity was a problem in the company, but luckily, Rik [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offer appropriate explanations for each of them. Continuity is just a problem if you've always studied shows and obsessed with the tiniest details. If you see an open minded show, then you will not have any problems, but there is a need to know 'why' all the time. So, what did Berman and Braga offer Star Trek Starter with the issue of the deign of the ship itself? According to them, NKS-01 is how it is due to the incident in the First Contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw his Enterprise through his telescope and when he spoke with the team led by Commander Riker, that changed his ideas to his head. That's a good explanation for me. Of course, some fans are not so easy to accept such a response, some go so far as to refuse to see the show until they get a reasonable answer. Come on guys to grow up. When George Lucas destroyed the saga with Star Wars, with the launch of his earnings in making a new trilogy, the fans could not do anything, they just watched and exhausted everything. And then they learned it, so maybe it's not that bad. If you can not accept a quality play for what is, and not for what should be in your mind, then go somewhere else. Or try to become a producer in the show and then see what you can do. The sets on the Enterprise remind me very much of the Defiant's Deep Space Nine. They often look cold and have a spectacular look of modern structure and shout that they belong to the army. Maybe it's the USS Enterprise crew (better known as the US fleet). They are striking sets, and perfectly represent the show. Rick Berman "Emperor of the Empire," as John Logan so precisely put his colleague Brann Braga, hit the nail on his head right there in all the right places. Whether it's technical, visual, sound, assembly or scorecard. The company is a good demonstration of how good science fiction on television is, ultimately, in the hands of genius. The late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan, just like you.
