The tourist season has just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, the winter begins to pop up and the inhabitants, and people and sheep equally settle for much calmer times. Michael Gaffikin (James Varvick), a former paratrooper in the British Army, a local dentist, is not an islander after birth, and as such, his relationship with local artist and cartoonist Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is always viewed with little suspicion, not only malicious, but only from the protective instincts that a narrow community has for their relatives. The calmness of the island is broken when Gaffikin finds remnants without a head of a brutally murdered woman in a solitary golf course. He immediately reports his terrible finding to Insp Inskip (Maurice Roeves) at the police station on the islands, Inskip organizes the delivery of mortal remains to the local GP, Dr. Goudriu, for a better examination. A quick search for the killer proved to be infertile, as well as a search for a missing local woman. During a dinner with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that a dead woman may be Sheila Anderson, a woman from the mainland, who lives on the island during the winter months. A quick search at her house Dove Cottage reveals the missing remnants of her body, while her house is proving her place of homicide, but why did the killer drag her torso to about a mile in the woods? Suspicion immediately falls on an alien who remained on the island, Colonel Howard (Jonathan Nevth), who also happened, was the last person to see her alive as they met on the last ferry together. Goudry asks Gafikin for some dental expertise on the victim's body, reveals that she was torn off by my person or something with great strength, a set of tooth marks on the body seems to point to a human killer, another pointing to that unknown animal of some kind. The sheep was discovered, and then a Canadian ornithologist was found murdered. When heavy fog is drawn, the island is cut off from the mainland and every possible assistance, the radio also does not work, seemingly blocked and telephone lines are cut. Reports of UFOs and seeing camouflaged soldiers have been enhanced by the discovery of an unusual vessel hidden behind a wall on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything but the facts and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that aliens could be involved, but that the rise in the radioactive level on the island itself doubted. The man of the nightmare is based on the novel "The Child of Vodion" by David Willtshire, was adapted here by Dr Vho and Blake's scriptwriter Robert Holmes, and directed by Douglas Camfield, who also had experience in directing Sci / Fi classic, and the film benefits from genre expertise. The man of the Nightmare, although he is a whole, is a better-sized piece, which builds his plot with a solid character development, even to smaller characters, gives the time to provide a solid background. The setting on the island is perhaps a genre cliché that is used over and over again, but the one I really enjoy, the distance, the feeling of the siege without any exit always contributes to the atmosphere and here it is given additional boom by closing the impenetrable fog to interfere with all efforts. In many genre efforts of this kind, it is very easy for actors to gluttony, and to complicate resorting to melodramas, but thanks to Camfield, he keeps it all together with an emphasis on conviction at all times. There is authenticity in actions, and characters who sometimes speak Galician to expand this point. If there's one negative about the killer, it's giving his POV a homicide, an acceptable cliché by itself, but when you see through a red filter and a fish eye lens, it just screams out of exaggeration and shoots a movie a bit. However, although it will be difficult to hit to guess the outcome or identity or, in this case, the type of killer, given the indications that were presented, but it's fun and very good acting. Local Scottish actors are exceptional, the local bobbies Roeves and Cosmo are particularly well-connected to one another and enjoy it. Imrie, who has never worked in other works, is also quite good and shows the female physical structure as if it were in the Hammer production. An unusual, perhaps even pointless ending may cause some spectators to disappoint, he disappointed me in some way, but taking into account when made, his understandable and acceptable addition which, if you think about it, is even more terrible.
