How can anyone claim that Urban Covboi was and still is the best document of life in Texas for that period of time? Consider the following: men beat their wives, drunk in bars every night, marry to negotiate battles, adulteries, and compete on mechanical bulls. Try and call a movie that shows real life so lively. They do not make more of them. It seems that the current films are always about people with a lot of money, they live in big houses, they drive expensive cars and they do not work. This movie has a scene about the trailer for God's sake! In any case, I watch it at least once a week. No hacking. I disseminated this film from end to end. feel free to send us an email to find out more about my reason why I called it a documentary. Think about the following scenes: Bud sees Sissi - they are separated - he friendly trumpets and hits, she turns to him a bird - returns half a sign of peace by blowing his horn to add a blow, and then cut off. Buds Mom calls him approx. 18 hours after arriving in the city, on Sunday, to see if he still has a job - all he has achieved is to drink and lay (k2), with the help of his uncle and aunt who conceals it. "All of you live like pigs" Think about why this scene is needed. Think about that. Was it necessary? Could we not understand this without showing the dirty sink? God, I love it! Sissi allows Vesu to help her ride a bull. Only a few days (or maybe the next day) after Ves just kicked the shit out of her husband. Steve asks - Hey, Sissi, remember Vesa? Oh yeah, did not you beat my husband some night ago, so let's continue with this lesson, not to mention the fact that she is asking for help in it later in the course of the many beatings of the Buddha and Sissi, who, by the way, take place in public - in Gilli! Session of shooting wedding reception pictures (about humanity!) can at least organize or move chairs off the road. "My legs are sweaty moms" In conclusion, do not put such a scene in a movie to try to show insight into human psychology. It's a documentary about real life. The only thing I would like to be a direct ...
