******** Spoilers - Carefully ********* <br /> <br /> What to say? I'm biased when it comes to Urban Covboi. I love it and I watch it countless times - and usually I find out something new about it with every look. I think that one of the things that I like is that Urban Covboi is about working-class people. , not rich people who live in LA or New York. It's true, except Pam. Travolta plays Buddha, a little Texas boy who moves to Houston to work on oilfields. And that's when Travolta actually played in good drama films like Saturdai Night Fever, instead of playing stereotyped bad guys / good guys in big budget films. This is a really good movie - a competition in mechanical riding and two-step dancing can be stupid, but you have to enjoy what it is. Bud encounters Sissi (playing Debra Vinger with slutti brilliance) - and shortly thereafter, they are married and live in a sleeping trailer. But their relationship becomes a real life battle of the sexes. Bud wants to be a real cowboy. Sissi wants to be with a real cowboy. But in modern times, the roles of men are not so clear. Where can Bud prove that he is a real man? He can do his dangerous work in the daytime and drive a mechanical bull at night - he can be an "urban cowboy". But Sissi wants to drive his truck and wants to drive a mechanical bull. So, where does this leave the Buddha? While Sissi confirms her independence, she is lying about riding a bull and flirting with an ex-star and prison star of the star - a real riding biker, Veso (playing beautifully from Scott Glenn). They are threatened, and Bud and Sissi fall apart. Sissi is embroidered with Vesu, who is abusing her. As it goes further, Bud becomes a children's toy Pam, a rich girl whose dad is in the oil and all implies. Sissi is coming to the trailer to clean it - Pam does not do such a thing. She writes to the makeup of the Buddha, but evil Pam breaks it down and takes credit for Sissi's housework. Bud Uncle Bob tragically dies at work when he hits and causes an explosion. Bud and Sissi have a chance to reconcile, but they are too stubborn. Later, a competition in mechanical riding at Gilley, and you know Bud will win. Pam realizes that Bud does not like, but Sissi - he did it for her. Everything is trying to rob Gilles, but do not you know that urban cowboy, Bud, saves the day and returns to the woman he loves. Of course, you can wonder why Bud and Sissi would go to Gilleis every night and "live like pigs." Maybe it contributed to their bad marriage. Or why Bud did not stay with Pam - she was not that bad and she had money. Or why they had to kill Bob's uncle. Or why Bud and Sissi had such stupid friends as Marshall and Jessie who were always trying to break them: Marshall says to Bud: "She {Sissi} drives that bull better than you!" But a part of the fun of Urban Covboi is a little weighed - and says, is not it Bonnie Raitt on the stage!
