The neudy, twenty-year-old peasant (played by John Travolta) leaves the farm and goes to Houston, where he learns about life and love in a Texas hoki tonka. It's a modern love story ... a Texas style. There are piles of cowboy hats, trucks, neon signs of beer and references to large buckles and rodeo. Music, if not Texas, is adapted to Texas, thanks to the talents of Mickey Gillie, John Lee and the Charlie Daniels band. And this Texas story ... "you all". The story and characters are as subtle as the taste of Texan five alarm chilli from jalapeno peppers. It's enough that civilized viewers stop the movie in favor of the classical classic, played by Laurence Olivier or Ingrid Bergman, perhaps. "Hamlet" is not. But "Urban Covboi" is spicy and explicit, and somehow I like it. Technically speaking, the film is generally good. Dialogue, production design and costumes are all real; editing is skillful. Both casting and acting are commendable, if not Oscar. I would not throw Travolta into the role he plays, but he works well ... just like Debra Vinger. Barry Corbin and Brooke Alderson, among others, are also good in the role of support. But cinema seemed weak. The film I watched was grainy, and sometimes the reddish / orange, visual feature I noticed in other films from the same period. At first glance, the film does not seem to offer any social or political "message". But I claim that when "Urban Covboi" was published twenty-five years ago, it had fairly prophetic implications. In 1980, the United States had all kinds of problems, the smallest of which were American hostages held by Iran. In the minds of the then people, the United States pushed and maltreated. This film, along with others of its time, offered something that the Americans wanted to see in their political leaders. .. toughness. "Urban Covboi" is a very physical film. The characters in it may not be the brightest people on Earth. But they are tough! All about "Urban Covboi" is anti-intellectual. As a means of cultural expression, this 1980 film was one of the few who introduced a new era to the United States. He started in 1980 with the choice of Reagan. And that time continues to this day, with a president who is unlikely to remember his intellect, but will remain remembered for his firmness and aggression, the characteristics that the Americans seem to gravitate as securely as the Texans to five alarms.
