First I say that I am not from the south, but I'm an American. I do not like Countri's music, but I can eat it. I would never wear a cowboy hat, but I'm wearing hats. I do not live in a trailer, but I eat a salad of tuna and own a home. What does this have to do with this comment? Much if you are one of those people who say only "earth" people like this movie. This film is freely based on the premise "They loved and lost". James Bridges directs the American love story as real. In Jerry Springer's era and the mentality of the mentality "Lets put it out there" this film sounds more true than ever. Bud is "grown-up" and moves his life with a little help from his aunt and uncle, so he moves to the big city with them. Buddha found himself drawn into local world food for the only escape that a man can afford. She quickly gets to know Sissi, who is from a similar background and the two of them have a dizzying romance filled with painful rises and falls. (* This action has so many turns that it takes only a few minutes to sit before they get in. Marriage is a focus here that is often missed. The film shows some of the modern fighting women have when marrying a an old-fashioned man, and a female ego with women and a competition. It's challenging and excited when Micki puts an electronic bull. Sissi gets the idea of ​​having fun at her, but she quickly remembers being married and having to start behaving. between these two characters are unconcerned and expressive, and the action continues from there, especially when (NAPOM DOES NOT THROUGH THE STORYLINE AVAI), and Sissi falls to someone who has a tendency to abuse and cruelty. Soon he realizes that the grass is not always greener on the other side. How can anyone compare Bada with Wini Barbirin is shocking to me, John Travolta gave a great performance that was worthy of recognition, he was convincing and realistic, a scene in which he chopped his chin, and you first saw him at the bar, and I recall that I'm not a big fan of Travolta, but come on , I see why Sissi hit her boots so early in the movie. Deb Vinger was so realistic that you sympathized with her as she wrote notes of emotion to Buddha after she sneaked to cleanse her house during the breakup. The support was incredible. Everything, played by Scott Glenn, gave the first performance that led you to hate him and cursed him while he was abusing Sissi. Madolin Smith-Osborne, as the Buds Mistress / Girl, was so authentic that big girls in the United States prayed to awaken the dentist's chest to wear the clothes she was wearing in the film. My greatest praise is Barry Corbin and Brooke Anderson as Bud's aunt and uncle. They looked like someone's aunt and uncle somewhere in Texas and no matter how small their role was, they made the film much bigger and lighter. Two unforgettable scenes were Dolly Parton's competition and an unforgettable scene in which Bud and his aunt stand outside after the death of one of the characters. The dialogue between them is touching. If you can watch it, it's a true American love story. Then I recommend you take it for what it is ... a movie before the time has come that gave us voyeurism to a world that is not like ours, but real enough for our enjoyment and entertainment. If this world sounds like yours, then you will enjoy it even more. And finally, the music that is dated will surely return you to the time if you are older than 30 years.
