There is no greater bad service than history than it is misrepresented. This takes the simplest and most dense path, simply describing it as a monster. It only shows its negative sides, and exaggerates them. "Those who do not know about the past condemn us to repeat it." He was a human being. It can be difficult for some people to accept, but an important part of life faces what we do not want. Instead of demonizing a man, we should try to understand it. Otherwise, we have little chance of preventing anyone similar in the future, or perhaps even the present, from succeeding in any distant comparable range, as far as damage and misery is concerned. I hate it and what it does, do not turn it into something mythic, deliberately or not. Frankly, too many of these mini-series can play "stupid * duuum"! "after or during the scene. The whole thing nods, encourages and hints at the audience, with a clear message" Was this type evil or what ", incorporating every bad trait (as well as making a few of them who are going directly against whom and what bio), they appear more or less from nowhere, and their existence throughout his life, not something he came to believe or for which he claimed. This should never be used for education. Use Der Untergang (Dovnfall, English) ), and perhaps emphasize a few inaccuracies of it. This is disrespect the actual events that happened, as well as all the survivors, not to mention those who died. Kinematic quality? Superior.This is well done, through and through, excellent production value, a solid bow to a well-told story, what characterization is strong and credible, dialogue and script are great, all acting performances are masterful (Carlile looks and plays the role ... as written ... perfectly), music is well-composed, cinemas and editing are flawless and creative, and this It's definitely dramatic, fun and fun. They get dates and many events, and make them justice. If they offered me to work on this and that I did not feel that they could be objective enough to appear Hitler as a fully trained person, I would have refused, citing this as a reason. I do not blame anyone who despised him. How can you forgive what he did, and are we sure that we should? That's not what I propose. In the end, let me point out that as I write this, we are in a world economic crisis that lasts about two years, which is not terribly different from the collapse of the stock market in 1929. This has led to depression in the new millennium: governments give money to banks to keep the market, and most countries are now friendly to each other. In addition, the lesson is not learned. I hope it is now. Back to this ... my proposal? Read a book, non-fiction, dealing with the topic. There are plenty of informative, smart ones. The DVD contains a trailer. I recommend this only to those who know better and urge anyone who has watched him to seek the truth. 8/10
