In the film Christiane Duguaia, Hitler: Rise of Evil, Hitler's early years in life and politics were shown in a successful way with some minor historical errors and little exaggeration. It is quite natural that Hollywood film contains such things as the main goal of production revenue that will get from the movie. Although such mistakes can disappoint some members of the audience who believe that everything should be done according to the book, I believe that most of them fit into the rest of the film, which makes it more interesting. One should not forget that this film is not a documentary. Who cares how his dog died anyway. Through the film, Hitler is portrayed as a psychologically unstable figure that is very easily angry and very passionate about her ideals. But he is not portrayed as a super-negative, but rather as an ambitious politician. I believe this is a beautiful perspective because the film is not polluted with the tones of negative emotions and this is a film somewhat objective. Yes, he was a bit crazy, and his methods were rough, but he was still a human being, not a totally crazy figure as shown in "Inglorious Bastards." I believe that the film has made the film more realistic, even with some inaccuracies in historical facts. The flow of history is well reflected on the viewers. Although the focus of the film was about Hitler, we had the opportunity to see what is happening in the country as a result of these actions through newspapers, conversations of people and songs in a Jewish cabaret. Also, the reaction of the society was reflected in the film, but it was very limited. The fight of journalist Fritz Gerlich and ironic performances in cabaret was fun and interesting, but that was all. We mostly saw only his followers who were raiding the streets and calling him. At the beginning of the film some ideas were given about it, but they were quite superficial. Suddenly he was a politician talking about the necessity of extermination of the Jews. is not at all unsatisfactory. If you can submit directors who change the history of cash, it's an interesting movie that successfully reflects Hitler's personality.
