"Hitler: The Ascent of Evil" was controversial before it was ever emitted, and this controversy could hide the film's achievement. Those who criticized the film, who had not seen it, made it so that with good intentions, based on wrong thinking, it would be too sympathetic to Hitler. However, they misunderstood the point: to humanize evil Hitler did not sympathize with him. It is very disturbing to realize that the unbelievable act of one of the greatest criminals in history has been committed by a human being. Sick, sick maniac, to be sure, but still a human being. It is necessary to know the story of how Hitler came to power to prevent this from happening again. The "Ascent of Evil" is accentuated by the brilliant, career-best performance of Robert Carlile, makes Hitler a human being without ever buying him in any way. Carlile impeccably portrays the looks and nuances of the Nazi leader, while never allowing the imitation to be turned into a cartoon or get away (something Anthony Hopkins was not able to achieve when he showed Hitler in "Bunker", another very good TV movie) . While they were rejected by Hitler's deviousness and virulent anti-Semitism, Carlile gives him some magnetism and the power that real Adolf Hitler had. After all, while the other nation would follow it? From various sub-groups, by far the most interesting features of Matthews Modine as reporter Fritz Gehrlich, which makes him life-saving to draw attention to the reality of Hitler and Nazism. Although Modine's performance is somewhat stiff in the first part, it seems that Part 2 seems to fit into it, and the character gives us a real-life hero in a movie full of villains. Peter Stormare and Liev Schrieber also provide strong support. The first part of this two-component mini-series suffered a bit of an oversupply, including a look at Hitler's childhood that lasted only the duration of the opening of loans. And in the second part, the parts that describe in detail Hitler's relationship with his nephew, and his mistress Eva Braun, are less successful than the central complication, but they serve to provide us with a further insight into his mental and emotional state. After all, no Hitler film can make us understand it. The average person, fortunately, is incapable of ever grasping a man who would try to exterminate the entire race of people. "Hitler: The Ascent of Evil" is less trying to make us understand Hitler, and even more so that we understand how he became power. It's an important story that must be apologized, and it's impossible to believe that anyone who saw the film would accuse him of having everything but the best intentions, and the ability to do everything except good. 9 out of 10. *** 1/2
