I agree with the many negative comments published here, for the reasons I will look back at later. But this miniseries is powerful and convincing because the talented actors really capture the dark truth of Hitler's world. Peter Stormare is perfect as Ernst Rohm, a brutal leader of a brown shirt. Every scene he has with Hitler is explosive! Hitler is so vile that he dominates everyone except for the tuggish, primitive Rohm - and he clearly digs Rohm for that very reason. The mutual effect between Stormare and Carlisle illuminates the way Hitler enjoyed Rohm's brutality, but later sacrificed him for political reasons. perversion. Without direct disclosure of any sexual dirt, Jena Malone plays the horror of slowly extinct the spirit of a young girl. She with her eyes and voice suggests all the horror that will come to millions in the years to come. And she's brilliant! Zoe Telford is very close to Jenny Malone with her portrayal of Eve Braun. Eve is apparently sick, cruel and soulless - but at the same time almost enviously dependent on her Adolph's twisted tenderness. The annihilated stage in the conduct of love between them (which points to the truthfulness of Hitler's vast humiliation) is terrifying and erotic. Liev Schrieber gives beautiful wigs like Putti Hanfstaengel, a homeless man - around a city that is seduced by Hitler's promises of wealth and power. While a brute force like Rohma simply loves to crash his skull under boots, Schrieber's character is one of many Germans who despise Nazi violence, but can not resist the quick and easy way to money and power. His bad will over Hitler soon loses respect for his wife, plays with style and sensuality from the stunning and royal Julianne Margulies. They provide a true portrait of marriage and betrayal. These performances carry a mini series, easily overcoming occasional weaknesses in the scenario. There is one exception. Unfortunately, the acting head of Matthews Modine is not enough to kill. His noble reporter destroys every scene he has - the viewer is eagerly waiting for Rohm's brown shirt to stumble that self-righteous, fair look from his uneducated, golden, golden boy. But the story continues to work. Now in terms of the factual inaccuracy of the scenario - Hitler's perversion and cruelty are brought in a lively, seductive drama. However, the record of Hitler's dozens on the battlefield is highly distorted. As if the fear of the audience can not cope with the idea of ​​evil and courage in the same person, writers make Hitler similar to cowards who "prayed" for an iron cross. It's as if anyone in the Kaiser's army could get a medal just by fluttering! The movie seems to be that Hitler was a coward in trenches, when he was a fearless soldier. They also suggest that his comrades had despised him, while in reality he was adored by policemen and soldiers. It's depressing that the mini-series so well succeeds in presenting Hitler as a monster in a sincere way - but they just could not resist the cheap record. All in all, however, Hitler: RISE OF EVIL is a huge success accentuated by strong performance.
