The next episode that was broadcast in Star Trek is an interesting, sometimes melancholic sequel that proves that the show has still explored its characters even now in the third season; Although flawed, 'All of our yesterday's day' has its moments and an all-inclusive, irresistible feeling. Kirk, Spock, and McCoy have descended on the planet, assuming they arrive at a time to preserve or at least give some warning to the population that exists, because the sun of the planet must explode in a few hours. But, as it turns out, people who are there are too aware of the fate of the planet, and using some kind of device for traveling through time, escaped to the past. Every person was able to choose the time and place in the past where he would like to live in a 'library' led by an elderly man named G. Atoz. Atoz assumes that three men are looking for the past in which they live, and shows them different periods from which they can choose viewers. At the beginning of the episode there is a rather forced confusion, with lines such as: McCoi- Where did they go? Atoz ... wherever they wanted. The misunderstanding can easily be clarified, but for the needs of the action it is not, and soon Kirk finds it transported to a period that resembled England from the 18th century, and Spock and McCoi were sent to the ice age, 5,000 years ago in the past planet. From here, the main focus is on Spock and his relationship with a woman who was pronounced a tyrant as a punishment. Spock begins to act more emotionally, showing anger towards McCoy and deep love for Zarbat, a woman. In the end, he realizes that he returns to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors on Vulcan, 5,000 years ago. Kirk returns to the library first and eventually persuades Mr Atos not to belong to his history. Spock and McCoy come back before it's too late, leaving Zarabetz behind; The company is expanding and accelerating as the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth gives the most memorable moments of this episode, although Kirk's adventure in 'English' is past fun. All in all, a very decent trip to Star Trek.
