The last episode of the third season of the Star Trek is a great and peak of this final season. Basically, Spock, McCoy, and Kirk descended into Sarpeidon to find the planet's population that was completely gone, in addition to the presence of a huge library and g. Atos, librarian. All three Trek characters soon accidentally enter the time travel machine at different times of the Sarpeidon past. Spock gives a convincing show as Ice Age Ice Age freaking into Zarbet, while Kirk is again experiencing his unhappy experience traveling through time - see "A City on the Edge of the Eternal" - when he is accused of returning and convicted before escaping and finding a gate at the time of Sarpeidon presence. In the end, all three Trek characters are kept only minutes before the star Beta Niobe around Sarpeidon becomes supernova. Enterprise exaggerates as the star explodes. Ironically, as Villiam Shatner notes in her book "Memories of Star Trek," this show was the source of a dispute because Leonard Nimoi noticed that there was no reason. in Lisette's letter because Spock acted in such an emotional way. Nimoi transmitted her doubts here directly to the executive producer of the show, Freud Freiberger, that Vulkans should not have fallen in love. However, Freiberger concluded that the Ice Age setting enabled Spock to experience emotions because it was a time when the Vulcans had not yet evolved into their completely logical current state. This was an excellent example of improvisation on Freiberger's part to save a script that was far above the average for this particular episode. While Shatner notes that the decline in the quality of the scenes for the third season was artfully hurt by Spock because his character was forced to fight as a donkey in "Plato's shepherds," playing music with Hippies in "The Way to Eden" or sometimes showing emotions, the scenario here was more convincing. Spock's acting here was as great as Freiberger honestly admitted to Shatner. The only obvious hole is the fact that since Spock and McCoy traveled thousands of years back, McCoy was also supposed to return to a more primitive human state, not just Spock. But this is a sorry error due to the poor quality of many other shows in Season 3, the brilliant Spock / McCoi performance and the originality of this scenario. Who could have imagined that the current residents of Sarpeidon would escape from the fate of their condemned planets traveling to their past? This is definitely what we expected from the best 'Classic Trek' - truly inspired stories. Shatner, in 'Memories', called some of his best "unusual and quality shows" of the season 3 as "Enterprise Incident", the Day of the Dove, Is There a Truth Without Beauty, Tholian Web, and Kids will also lead to Paradise Syndrome. (p.273) Although my personal opinion is that "And the kids will lead" a very bad episode, while "Is not the truth is not beauty" is problematic, "all of our yesterday's day" certainly belongs to the list of three stars. Trek TOS movies. I give 9 out of 10 for "All of us yesterday."
