An unusual time travel: instead of traveling to the past, the main trio is stuck in the past history of another planet. They descend on this planet, whose sun is scheduled to appear in 3 or 4 hours. At some futuristic library, they meet Mr. Atos (A to Z, take him? Ha-ha) and his duplicates. They turned out, instead of escaping from the destruction of their planet through the journey by space, in the usual way, that all the inhabitants fled to various periods of their planet. Mr. Atos uses a time machine to send people on his way after making a selection (see the discs we see here, another Trek prognosis of CDs and DVDs!). When Mr. Atos prepares the machine (Atavachron-vhat-sis), gallant Kirk hears a female scream and encounters the 17th-century Earth planet version, fighting the sword and being arrested for sorcery. It is eccentric, but the good performance of the actress who plays a woman of bad reputation at this moment, using the phrase of time ("... you are a fierce finer wizard ... Witches! Witches!") Spock & McCoi follow Kirk, but finish in the ice age, 5,000 years ago, Kirk is able to return to the library .The real story is Spock's return to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, the warlike Vulcanians 5,000 years ago. This really makes no sense except that this machine may be responsible for the change (even So, Spock & McCoi were not 'prepared' by Atos - oh, well, well It seems to me that Spock was hit by a transition, almost immediately - he mentions that from a 'million light years' away, instead of the right hundreds or thousands - a big mistake for a logical Volcano.) In any case, Spock really shows his nasty side - forget " Day of the Dove "and remember" This Side of Paradise "- McCoi quickly finds out that his friend from Vulcan will not stand for any of his usual baits and will almost certainly get his face redone. Spock also deals with Zarabeth, a handsome woman who was driven into this cold past as a punishment (several Trek novels have been written about Spock's son, the result of this union). All these scenes are eye openers, reminding you how much Spock hides or retains. Ironically, however, that only a few episodes earlier ("Rekuiem for Methuselah"), McCoi pointed out to Spock that he would never know the pain of love - and now everything is happening. In the meantime, Kirk argues with older Atos, who insists that Kirk return to the past ("You're an apparently suicidal maniac") - great things from the actor Wolfe, last seen in "Bread and Circuses". Everything ended in the end, but, as I mentioned earlier, they are very close. A nice little Trek adventure, with a certain cosmic inclination.
