I'm a fool for such films. Movies that bring you back and allow you to revive your childhood. Now I'm growing up and I have many growing responsibilities such as mortgages, children, dogs, women and others. I enjoy life, but it's not as innocent and carefree as it was when I was twelve. Indian summer Mike Binder knows and explores it as if he was twelve. It returns you to a time when life was simpler and more fun. It returns you when you are concerned about your first kiss and you wonder if you could finish the camp marathon. The Indian Summer is a fantastic movie and you have to watch it at least once a year just to relax and laugh ... and remember. The film stars Kevin Pollak, Bill Pakton, Diane Lane and Matt Craven (to name just a few) as childhood friends who have been called back to Camp Tamakva from their former chief prisoner, Uncle Lou. Uncle Lu is playing Alan Arkin perfectly. He is the patriarch of the group. He also knows and encompasses the true spirit of a father figure and someone who understands simple things in life. It is difficult for him to connect with today's children who need a walker in their ears when they are in the place of immense beauty like Tamakva. This is a camp that wanders through the camp, leaving the swirling colors God gave them and the water for which the eye can be seen. Uncle Lou craves for old days and asks his former campers to return to the camp to see one of them who will take the camp. While everyone is together again, we can see their trials and troubles, and perhaps new love can pass between them. As adults return to the camp, they did not go long until they act like children again when typical campistic jokes are played again. They removed the toilet paper from the stove, put the toothpaste on the sleeping bags, and so on. All this is hilarious and with actors like Pollak and Pakton, it's all very funny. But, besides joy, we can explore some very real emotions of adults that everyone can relate to. In one of my favorite scenes, Kevin Pollak and Elizabeth Perkins look at the bay where they used to go as children. Pollock can not overdo how small the appearance is, and Perkins finally tells him that the bay does not decrease, but becomes larger. This does not lead to a phenomenon, but it does subtle. We all grow up, we all go on and we all can not live as we did 20 years ago. The more things change, the more they remain the same. Indian Year is a movie that moves by character and is nicely written by Mike Binder, who actually went to the Tamakva camp (like Sam Raimi, he played Stick in the movie) and that's his nice and a vivid recollection of his film-inspiring experiences. There are many touching scenes, and there are many funny ones. Both are perfect. <br /> <br /> I love this movie. I love everything about it and it's a real hidden gem. 10/10
