Steven Spielberg produced, written, invented ideas, and even directed episodes of incredible stories, so that, of course, this would have to be the greatest anthology that ever was right? Unfortunately, wrong. Some episodes are just fantastic, but it's often a mixed bag. In fact, it may have been a disaster if it was too mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were drama, some were terrible, and one was even animated, which made this similar, but not good version of the 80th Twilight Zone (which was also nearby) . Usually I would like to have a mix of stories in an anthological show, but they just did not work here completely. Some of the more fantastic dramatic episodes felt as if they were better shown late at night in the Lifetime Network, such as the episode "Ghost Train", directed by Spielberg himself. In that episode, she gave her a message of hope, and gave us a fantastic story, but all in all, it was only to the end that did not blow me up anyway. Episodes of horror worked better than drama, but it was much more dramatic, and they became tired to watch. Wisely, this anthology has got some great stars, similar to the original twilight zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Vhitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgov, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Svaize, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathi Baker, Veird Al Iankovich and many other celebrities were in episodes of the show. It's fun to see famous actors in almost every episode of the series. Big directors also took part in episodes including Spielberg, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reinolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartell, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devit, and even Martin Scorsese. In fact, I would recommend this to more directors and / or 80s fans than anyone else. The incredible stories were sometimes incredible, usually good, occasionally central, and every time a real stinker came out. But this show has a nostalgic value for me, and it's kind of fun to sit on boring afternoons and watch some episodes. The theme of John Villiams's music for the show will surely be caught in someone's head who also sees this. My rating: Good performance. 30 mins. after the episode. TVPG
