Frankly, I expected that I MIRI, and I really checked it out because Jenna Jameson was in it ... but I must say I got a kick from EVIL BREED. A group of college children and their teacher go on a "trip" to Ireland. Their house is located near the forest where it is said that strange things happen and tourists often disappear without a trace. A group of post-teenagers was warned by property owners not to venture into the woods - but as stupid characters from B-film, who, of course, do not pay attention and pay for their mistakes one by one ... First, it is quite wrong with EVIL BREED. The acting / dialogue is pretty weak, and my main grief is that the film with Jenny Jameson, Chasei Lain, Ginger Linn and Tailor Haies should have a FAR more free nudity than it was shown here - and Jenna's role in this production is roughly over -hiped, because it has a total of 2 minutes of screen time. Even less with Chasei, and Ginger Linn does not show the skin and has the worst Irish accent ever. And the last scene of the movie has absolutely no meaning and it feels like it was thrown just to end the film. These influences on the side - have some good things. Richard Greico and Chasei Lain were shipped early, with Greic's bare torso that ended up on the spit, and Chasei had the courage to split in half (although this is not shown on the screen) ... not bad for the first 5 minutes. Other scenes of killing are quite inventive, including Jen's forced removal of the implant, a guy who pulled his colon from his ass, a knife through his face, and several other reputants. Implant and colon holes also have uncut versions that are of particular characteristic and harm is that manufacturers have forced them to shred them. Also, the movie moves pretty well after it starts, so you do not have too much time to get bored. The "Creation" of the FKS was also done competently, which certainly helps. All in all, EVIL BREED was not as bad as I expected. This, along with SATAN'S LITTLE HELPER, ALMOST renewed my interest in American low-budget films. Usually, I stand out from them in general, but these two are decent enough to give me some faith. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to blow 90 minutes - it might not hurt to suck a bottle of cheap bourbon while you're on it - I know I am, and I'm sure it did not hurt the Experience. 7.5 / 10
