A bunch of American students and their teachers decide to visit the richest part of Ireland to study ancient religious practices. Despite being warned several times of the danger of leaving the trapped path (by the local dwarf Irc, the natch), they do exactly that, and end up with their guts outside with the kindness of an inbred cannibal family (descendants of the infamous clan of Savnei Bean, who , according to the stupid story of the movie, raised rods from Scotland and settled on the Emerald Isle, then think again: The evil breed is filled with adult stars, but in fact, there is not nearly as much nudity as it could be expected with respect to the 'talent' , and acting, though far from the Oscars, is not Everything is bad (with the exception of Ginger Linn Allen, for whom we know he can do wonderful "French," but whose Irish is bad). The evil breed opens in top style with the brutal massacre of a couple of love campers: after a short sex under the canvas, a silicone-hardened hottie pulled out of the tent and rubbed in half; the guy had cut off his hands and feet and baked on the spit. It's a very bloody beginning and good for the rest of the film. , after this promising start, things begin to seriously descend: we meet with the main characters, uncomfortable hr Twenty-something that only begs to become cannibal food, and are subjected to a fair amount of spending in the form of some horrible false accusations, much more blatant about murderous druids than the local Irish freak, Simon Peacock, and, worst of all, a sub-Scream, post-modernist talk about conventions of horror films (how smart!). Then, as it looks like the movie will never be better, the director Christian Viel decides to become serious: a guy kicks a knife through his head, and there's also a free sex-in-shower scene with a lovely blonde Gillian Leigh (Not a porn star, but I'm sure there's a career waiting for her if she wants to). After that, things are improving rapidly while cannibals hit the upper meat equipment, and the film turns into real bloodshed: Garry has a machete stuck in his ass (around time!), And strangled by the intestines; Ginger Linn shoots a mutant; Jenna Jameson was torn off, taken out of her mouth and a bruised silicone implant for her breast was bruised by a cannabis; the guy is cut off his head from the cheese wire; and Tailor Haies was seen bloody, blue and naked with a dead fetus between the legs (apparently, caught and used as breeding plants). less interesting things worth the effort, and earning Evil Breed a final score of 7/10. NB. Very problematic production and mixing in the studio resulted in Christian Viel leaving the project. Re-shoots have been completed and the upside is severely shortened for the American release. The good news is that, although the film does not run as well as it could, and is cursed with a terrible ending, it seems that the UK DVD (the version I was watching) seems to be relatively untouched as far as spraying is concerned. (a total of 13 is cut from the film).
