Hong Kong's directors who are moving to Hollywood to film movies are nothing new, with a temporary exodus such as Tsui Hark, John Voo, Ringo Lam 90's. From their collective output, there are only a few films (or can I say only one?) Affected the cashier. The partnership of Andrew Lau and Alan Mak has been a tour in the recent cinematic history of HK, especially with their now-known trilogy Infernal Affairs, which has been redesigned at The Departed Martin Scorsese, so it is no surprise when Hollivood comes to the door. But without a colleague of associate Mac, who usually has duties from the script / story, how was Lau with writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like Ks-Files without Ks, in the way the story is made, characters and parallels drawn by the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes merge David Duchovy and Gillian Anderson, merely not belonging to any federal investigative agency carrying weapons, but are employed in the security services, whose main role is to ensure that sexual predators belonging to them are protected from society when they are exempt from serving sentences. That is why they are shepherds who care for their flock, only that their flock suffers from sick sexual perversions with a tendency towards violence. Parallels in characterization are so obviously obvious that it's just a cosmetic touch on the outside. Like Fock Mulder, Gere's Erroll Babbage is a weird, lonely man who swallowed his obsession in his quest for persistent harassment of his flock to be deceived. Survived by an unsuccessful attempt to save a missing child, just like Mulder, who is troubling his missing sister, Babbage is avoided by his colleagues and gives orders to the Marshalled as a retirement plan. He is deeply distressed to the people he is following, he is ill with their crimes and what they are advocating for, not to complain about using unusual methods, although they do not fly from the handle while rejecting unlawful, preventive punishment. At the same time, he also has strong urges to fight against, so as not to cross the border to become like those who despise. As part of the routine, he also scans newspapers and tabloids for tracks and leads to his goal, to seek closure, salvation for himself, and has a firm belief that the truth is still there, and that he wants to believe. > Denmark Allison Lovri is, on the other hand, the invenue brought to replace Babbage. But in the meantime, until she learned that it was a job for the next 18 days, it is being asked to spy and report on their abominations, similar to what Dana Sculli had a task to do with Fox Mulder. As an unbeliever prejudice and adhering to the idea that they are returning to society healed of her ordeal, she slowly begins to see what Babbage see, and understand that it takes more than being just a desk and paperwork if you really want to help people. And this is the discovery of the world of fetish and deviant sexual practices, to which we open all eyes, similar to how 8mm starring Nicolas Cage brought snuff movies into the spotlight. It is responsible investigative drama with the usual red herring, and my, are they really good because I was often asked whether your assumptions are correct, and you'll soon find the fire from the hip while showing incorrect on the alarming frequency, although it does not ascribe narrow narration, but more than a large number of characters (watch Avril Lavigne comedy) and backgrounds. The scene in a darkened warehouse was similar to David Mills and William Somerset when they ventured into John Doe's apartment and found a lot of bizarre inside, although here, in view of the nature of nature, it did not hold much. Obviously, The Flock somehow decided that Enrique Chediak's cinema was good enough, despite its strange style without style, using almost every trick in a book to try to recreate the feelings of seeing another Seed, just that it it was deeply immersed in the stains of brown color, and not in the ruin and darkness of the black. It takes a little time to get used to this, and I've put this effect to a side that actually draws attention to what's happening in the story. However, it's not a very good move, with a few frequent repetitions of scenes that include flashbacks. <Br /> <br /> The Flock But still it seems a good time, although the X-philes out there could probably hard not to imagine their favorite actors in the main roles, due to the many similarities in character. Gere and Danes showed some chemistry as an old fog (heh) and his protégé, and although not very good, Andrev Lau managed to get something nice.
