I really like Richard Gere ... I've always had it and it seems to me that his status as Hollywood stars and money maker has slid, but it seems to me that the reason is that he takes a very mature, intense role and I have been very successful in but not financially, because I saw him in some really great gems of late, including The Hoak, The Hunting Party (both have to watch movies! Look at my reviews) and now The Flock, which supposedly should have been a great edition bearing in mind that this is a huge 35 million + budget. It seems that some of the other IMDb reviews are very, very sharp, because I thought the film deals with a potentially very serious social issue in a very direct, violent and disturbing way, and Gere only brings everything. It's a drama about an action thriller that kept my stories on television. I think it's part of the problem that people are confronting with him in the fact that Hollivoods are a very serious problem, but I do not think it does it with disrespect, but it's trying to get different to make people aware of it. In fact, it is the same way the Hunting party dealt with the war. Hong Kong's director Vai-keung Lau did a decent job that kept him together, but I think what made him visible. Richard Gere, as you may have guessed from my previous comments, is brilliant as a social worker, Erroll Babbage, who somehow created his own style and laws when it comes to tracking his "Flock" who are registered violent sex offenders . He does not hold any blows in monitoring these people, is following them and is absolutely sure that they do not offend and if they do, he will be the one who will identify and stop them in any way. Gere is so intense and seems to have been exhausted from this work and he became violent and angry at watching those monsters on the street. He's fantastic. Claire Today is also as good as the new Babbage partner and his replacement to train her to do her job. The Danish figure is a much more typical social worker and is a little overwhelmed by Babbage's style and methods, but he slowly understands what he is trying to achieve and to counter. The two are brilliant together and have great chemistry with so many different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a disrupted registered offender that seems to be torn off the title because it plays a character that resembles Karl Homolk (Paula Bernard's wife now out there) for those of you who follow Canadian serial killers. Her character goes a bit above the top, but she is convincing and horrifying at once. Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland's new boyfriend and would have given him a bigger role. Rai Vise, who is a great actor in the character (check him in Dead End as well as an incredible reversal like Satan himself on the VB Shov Reaper) and he gets a little but good role as the head of the public security department and head of the Babbage -a. The film is not perfect despite the great performances of its leading actor. They need freedom by really trying to make the movie more entertaining than educational, but it's just a different angle, unlike Nicholas Cage dude 8MM. Flock leads you to the underworld of sex trafficking, kidnapping, human trafficking and much more and is just something to be watched. Perhaps it was not directed or written as it may have been, but I tell you that Today and Gera together make this film a completely visible and truly great thriller. It is disturbing but also not very complicated, but Gere's character in many ways is intensely complex with many layers and opens up a social stigma and makes you think of vigilantism in many ways when you see people with whom Gere deals. I encourage all of you to ignore bad criticism and see them yourself because it's worth checking !! 8.5 / 10
