It does not seem that this movie has managed to satisfy many people. Firstly, it does not seem that many saw him in the first place (I just happened to have come across it), and then judging by the ratings and ratings, those who did this did not enjoy it. Well, I did. I usually tolerate Gera because of his looks and his charm, and although I did not consider him a great actor, I know he can do pretty good (I loved his Mr. But this performance is different. He is not handsome in this, and not charming. is completely different from everything I've seen from him until that moment - old, ugly, broken, certain. And Gere, in what he's ever been his best performance ever, is nice to him. I suppose it's a sign how well the actor works your job if you can not imagine someone else doing it instead a - you think Hopkins Hanibal Lector, or Washington as Alonzo on Training Day, so it was a good Gere. And the others were good to me. I suppose I would not give this role to the Danes, mostly because which I think is too good to look, but she really does a great job, staying with Ger in top form, which is not a small feat. Strikland easily brings the best supporting act, in a part that requires a significant range from her. In fact, I think she possesses a key the scene with Gere and the Danes, and this is quite an achievement. So what about the rest of the film, except great acting? The story may not be surprising, some aspects of 8mm, but adding a story about "veteran breaks in rookie" co-dunnit, and also (like the lamb's silence) adding a sense of urgency through an attempt to preserve the girl and the upcoming departure of Gere's character. All this is the background to the development of the two main characters, because they help each other to fit into their new cells in life. That's enough for 100 minutes, but it's good, and we end up taking care of the characters and what's happening to them. Direction and photography were adequate. I could without a modern movement of music and video cameras and cuts, but then I'm an old curmudgeon, and it really was not so bad, actually I think it helped the atmosphere of the movie, which, like you might have guessed, is mostly not happy. Worth to see.
