I was looking for this film because I'm a new fan of Frain and I wanted to see more of his work. First of all, his Irish emphasis is excellent. It seems to have an ear for dialects. His acting was marvelous, as usual. James Frain aside, I thought the film was very well made. This has shown the conflict in Northern Ireland as a * mess that really is. Both sides are guilty of grave injustice, and men drawn into conflict usually have little to say about their circumstances. It's also interesting to realize that not every man (or woman) is supposedly fighting for his country, he really does just that. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why he does it, Ginger can not find a morally acceptable answer. Why? Because Ginger is not in him because of the noble goal of protecting his country or the rights of his fellow Protestants ... Ginger is in this because of the fun of killing. It's full of lust of blood and it's a perfect job for a guy like him. In this fight, there are people like Liam (John Linch) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families ... the guys who see all the fighting just more water fight. There are types like Kenny who have born leaders full of charisma, and they add fuel to the flame, rather they mean it or not. Also, Kenny sincerely believes in "cause." He believes that what he is doing will make a difference in the future ... which is a little weird because his character is too intelligent for all of this. But, like many other seemingly intelligent people, he is drawn into the lifestyle of the gang, even does not understand it ... until it's too late. Then there is Ginger, a pure psychopath who is not fighting for some other reason, but because of the pure excitement that he makes in the war in the type of gangs of valuable property, some could argue. However, now, in this film, Ginger has sustained his value, and has become a very dangerous relaxed cannon. Everything comes to a boiling point, and predictably, the ending is tragic. What makes this film worthy is that it shows both sides of this old conflict. Since I'm an American, I can not fully understand what this is about. But I know that there must be a better way. All in all, well-acting, touching ... but worrying movie.
