"What is love? What is the longing in our hearts for fellowship? Is not this the sweetest flower?" Does this flower of love have no fragrance of fine, fine diamonds? Does the wind do not like dirt? Are you with someone tonight? your love ... Take your lover by the hand ... Free your power in you ... You heard me, free your power and whisper the wild cosmos, conquer the sky with an intimate love, that's right, do not be embarrassed. and do it in the ass. Written by: Leon Phelps When Tim Meadovs created his essential SNL plaiboi, Leon Phelps, I shook myself, hearing his stinky crazy and rude comments, my remotely trembling with anger. I used to use the click function, my dear readers, on several occasions. So when the film version of "The Woman's Man" came to cable, I mumbled a few of my comments and clicked again But the day comes, gray and lost, when "nothing is on" any of the 100+ channels ... Sighs ... Yes, I was confronted with all the tortures of cable subscribers? watch it or turn off my TV! It was there, Leon Phelps, smiling and ... laughing! What happened? Did I succumb to hollywood "stupid" humor? Was I so desperate to avoid renouncing my holy throne? The truth is, I like the "Ladies" more. A story about a vulgar play that spiders a cognac while in every feminine form is arguing for my feminist sensibility. What started out as a rough SNL skye flourished before my eyes in the story of Leon and his cloak and philosophy through life "helping people" to solve their sexual conflicts. "I am Mother Teresa from the bones," he was officially informed by Karl Parsons, his friend and prolonger of his longtime radio show "Ladies". And he's not joking. Leaving a string of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon manages to lie down and have breakfast almost everything in Chicago. To do so with such a true goodwill is his invitation to life. Our self-proclaimed, "Expert for the Roads of Love", manages to embark on many problems with husbands and boys. One of such villains, Lance (Vill Ferrell), forms the club "Smiles of Smiley Guy, USA", promising to capture our dear Don Juan. "Oh, yes, we will take revenge," he sings to his cohorts, in a dance number that stops the show. In addition, it's a complete pleasure to see Billy Dee Villiams as Lester, the owner of the tavern. and the smooth storyteller of Leon's odyssey to find his "sweet thing" and a bunch of money. (Where was he hiding?) But would I choose this film as a Valentine's Day? Leon's quest for easy life changes him in so many profound ways-that I had to give a sign to our Lady. He can, at the end of the film, find real happiness with a woman, while still offering his strange advice, it's a dream!
