Sometimes they get lucky and hit in their hands (Vaine's War, the first, not the other). But most often they have dudes (Pat is very quick in mind). This time, Tim Meadovs like Ladies Man. This film is somewhere between hit and dud. The first 20 minutes was very funny, but then, as usually happens with SNL skitches, it starts to slow down, before it finally finishes, long after it was needed. Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with a night show named Ladies Man. He answers all questions relating to sex and relationships, usually in the worst possible way. It seems that everything eventually comes down to the buttocks. After pressing the button manager button, Leon, along with producer Julie (Karin Parsons) gets fired, and has to find another job. From a random blue, a letter from one of his ex-lady comes. The letter offers him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem is that the letter is not signed. Leon must find all the women with whom he was, find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Villiams says in the movie, the woman of your dreams stands in front of you. There is also a sub-plot about a group of guys who are all women / girls slept with Leon, I want first to understand who he is (he has a tattoo on a part of their anatomy), and then to kill him. Run this crowd of guys, surprise! Vill Ferrell of the SNL. First, I thought the underground plot was pretty poor. Singing and dancing things were completely worthless. I usually love Villa Ferrella, but here he never clicked on me. And the other guys were just kids who are commemorated, and in the end they all decided that their wife / girlfriend cheated on them really their fault. Let's go back to the main story. The story basically lies around Leon and sex. So, what comes down to this is, if you do not like the character of Leon, you will not like the movie. His voice, his manners, his dialogue is what the movie carries. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a particularly good actor on SNL. The only thing I really liked him was his Ladies Man skits. But the best thing about them is that they usually included a guest host (remember that with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. In about 5 minutes, they were quite fun. And here, about 20 minutes, it's really funny. What I thought was good in the character of the movie is that it remained in character. He never wavered from his desire to establish himself. By the end, in a place where there was this transformation, and omnipresent voice that actually bind. In addition, it was pretty good to keep Leon as Leon and not to change it to something less rough than it was. There is not much content in this movie, if you can not guess. But, as I said earlier, the beginning of the film I found was very fun. Some real laughing loud moments are all about sex and rudeness. The problem with this movie, as well as with most other SNL spins, is that they are characters that need to be displayed for only a few minutes. Stretching the concept to 80 minutes is very difficult. This difficulty is obviously the reason why they needed a sub-plot, because without it, this film would be less than an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it had to be boring. <Br /> <br /> All in all, Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL movies, but not as good as others. He had a few funny moments, the first 20 minutes was pretty good, but the rest continued. There was an unnecessary plot whose sole purpose was to extend the film. The conclusion is, if you love Tim Meadows and his Leon Phelps, you will be able to watch a movie. If you're annoyed, do not bother. Unless you just want to see Tiffany Theissen in some nice clothes. <br /> <br />
