As plain as it sounded, I actually postpone watching Barbarians several times just because the VHS cover (as well as the picture shown here on the web page) looks so incredible gay! So far I'd like to see it before, because the movie is not so gaiy. only trashi, cheeses, camps and enormous fun! It is almost incredible that Ruggero Deodato, director of the "Cannibal Holocaust" of all people, was responsible for this comic money in contemporary popular fantasies by Svord & Sandal, in particular Schwarzenegger's Conan films. The film opens with an incredible 'once in a while' by the type of storyteller, which takes us to Ragneke. Their founder once traded a pure golden mountain for just one magically powerful rubin that would allow them to travel freely and access each country as entertainers. In other words, Ragneki are a bunch of traveling circus freaks! Their happiness ends abruptly when the greedy Kadar takes the beautiful Queen Ragneks to Canada and is constantly trying to find out where the ruby ​​is. In the meantime, and as some kind of fun waste time, two twins Brother Gore and Kutchek are trained to become muscular warriors and they are inadvertently preparing to fight each other to death. Instead, they flee and develop a plan to free their queen. Actually, the action is not as bad as I was initially afraid, but it is still the most interesting thing that brothers on the screen, chemically indecent dialogue and, of course, extremely naughty fantasy-monsters, like a dragon with an incredible look. sweet eyes, some kind of insects and zombies that appear randomly from the swamp. Soundtrack and make-up effects are great and our almighty director Deodato maintains an incredible fast pace. The capacities of Barbar's actors are much better than I expected, except that one of them constantly produces a loud sound of bells. Support is also great. Eva La Rue never looked more beautiful than the witty wild girl Cara, Virginia Briant is truly enchanting as Richard Linch has said on several occasions and the beautiful Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance on the movie as a wicked hairdresser with a haircut (I do not kid you! ). Last but not least, the "The Barbarians" stars are favorites of Eyes in the Hills, Michael Berriman as the appropriate name Dirtmaster. I know that the picture shown is more than a promotional campaign for the musical version of the rise and fall of rural people, but "Varvari" is truly an inevitable Italian exploitation.
