LE GRAND VOIAGE is a mild miracle of the film, a work that is made deeper due to its humble scenario by writer / director Ismail Ferroukhi who allows the natural scene of this travel story and the sophisticated acting star Nicolas Cazale and Mohamed Majd bear the emotional influence of the film. Ferroukhi's vision is greatly enhanced by Katell Djian's cinema (a sensitive mix of traveler's views of horizons and tightly photographed duets between characters) and Fovzi Guerdjou's musical score, which manages to hold some beautiful themes in the film while plagued by numerous local music variations from many countries of the film survey. Nicolas Cazale lives with his Muslim family in southern France, a young student with a Western girl who does not seem to follow the religious direction of his legacy. His elderly father (Mohamed Majd) decided that it was time for him to ask his hajj in Mecca and incapable of driving from an involuntary Rede to abandon his personal needs to take him to his ultimate religious obligation. The two of them set off in a friggy car to travel through France, Italy, and through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. The Order begs his father to visit some of the interesting sights, but his father remains focused on the purpose of the trip, and the Order is irritably left to fight his father's demands. At their pilgrimage, an old woman (Ghina Ognianova), who is tied to two men, must meet and eventually be abandoned by Rede, a Turkish man Mustapha (Jacki Nercesian) who promises to lead a father / son, but instead brings a split He drank in the bar and disappeared, and countless guardians of border patrols and customs agents who postpone progress for various reasons. The tension between the father and the son: The Order can not understand the importance of this pilgrimage so filled with temptations and incidents, and the father can not understand the Ruth's insensitivity to his father's religious convictions and needs. They finally arrive in Mecca, where they are surrounded by remains of pilgrims from around the world, and the sense of importance of traveling is flooding Redi. The way in which the story ends is touching and rich in meaning. It took pilgrimage to return the gap between youth and age, between son and father and between defiance and accepting religious values. The visual effect of this movie is remarkable - more so that it seems that the camera only 'happens' to capture the beauty of many stops on the road without the need to improve them with special effects. Nicolas Cazale is a top-notch actor (be sure to look at his latest and currently featured "Sin of Your Cheese") and his carefully crafted role brings a magic to this film. Another fine film from the Film Movement, this is a gentle story that is brilliantly told. Recommended. Builds Harp
