Not surprisingly, writer / director Michael Powell considered the "Life and Death Issue", his fantastic fantasy from 1946, and Emerick Presburger from 1946, to be his favorite film together. Released during the Second World War, this colorful romantic adventure could only provide a tonic for the traumatized nation to be recovered. Following a series of other patriotic war films, Archers have done this by their most ambitious, patriotic and patriotic parties. The essential British for the maintenance of British heritage (Shakespeare, beer, fair plai, good manners), is also visibly Americanized in its Baroque compositions, technical inventiveness and fine multi-ethnic acting. classic, "It's a wonderful life", AMOLAD opens on a great heavenly vault, with one of those joyful voices preaching about earth and heaven, and the great, wonderful world we live in. It is then cut into the interior of the British cockpit, hard hit, in flames, and with a copilot that is already dead. It sounds wrong, but the connection soon became lucid with the events that follow. Entering for almost 5 minutes, a fast exchange of fire between the British pilot Peter (David Niven) and the US radio contact of June. (Kim Hunter) takes breath in its intimacy. Leaving Peter dying, Peter still exhausts a lot of power, charm and spilled confession, and his warm affection for June closes with mutual exchange "I love you". Holding the magic of the moment, Peter, supervising his conductor 71 whose job was to transfer him to the "Second World", escaped from death and was stranded on the beach. Later she meets Jun with her bicycle and immediately responds to her voice. But realizing their mistake, the High Court wants to send Peter back, and instructs French conductor Maurice Göring to come to Earth to recover it. But Peter is determined to live because of June and the conductor's mistake and deliberately keeps his angle. Peter fate eventually lies in the heavenly court and the American prosecutor (Raimond Massei), whose jury consists of several war heroes and the distinguished British delegates. A surrealist trial that decays from the b / v back to the rich Technicolor, when the judgment is announced, may be a dream, but the final blow to the hospital confirms the predictable outcome. Abstract, The filling of the "staircase to the sky" frame (American film title) is used twice: for the first time in c / b, when he rises Peter and his enigmatic French guard upstairs, crossing the huge statues of Peter's potential lawyer trial, including Abraham Lincoln and Plato. The second time, a lightly illuminated colored staircase provides space for an iconic picture in the cinema - Peter and Junie are frozen side by side, their wondrous eyes fixed forward in the frame, their fate sealed. The incredible affection between Peter and June never converts into grit or verbos; the nobility is treated by the perception that the couple are already sufficiently suited to marry and simply need to convince people in their love so that they can hold them together. The French conductor, who can freeze the time and the human body, is collecting many of his key moments together, teaching Peter about history and among his mischievous tricks, pinning Peter's Top 100 Games and his coffee cup. As visually inspired by other Povell / Pressburger collaborations, this was the first time that they combined color with b / v ?? The latter have a cheerful quality when used for heavenly scenes, and both are equally impressive. An extraordinary script more than matches a fantasy scene, with a dialogue that sounds so fast that it does not feel like it's written or performed for the screen. Fun and funny, Povell / Pressburger's writing deserves the same recognition with their aspiration for color and composition. Made in 1946, "The Issue of Life and Death" is one of those anti-aging films, fresh and inventive, even in this age where CGI would compensate for its artificial effects, it probably took away their emotional wonder . Other uncertain changes would include the need for reduced average seconds for cutting and an inevitable request to shrink the dialogue so that a low range of attention from most audiences can be preserved. Povell prints a magic that subconsciously absorbs the viewer from the first frame, giving him the freedom to experiment with the images without giving the logical development of Peter's situation.
