You would think that you can take a serious look at the premise of the film taking place primarily between two characters as they travel about 3,000 miles from France to Saudi Arabia, passing through most of Europe - Italy, Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia, Turkey before arriving in the Middle East. But this is not a tour, and there is no stopping for irrigation in the sights. Redin's father is in his sunny years and wants to make Haj. However, since walking and taking a mug is out of the question, he chooses to travel to Mecca by car. He can not drive, and therefore calls on the Order to help his son protest, to bring him there in their broken vehicle. But Reda sees no sense in joining him. , when his father could decide on the plane. He resents the idea of ​​putting his personal life on hold for this pilgrimage he could not understand. And that's why we started on this busy journey with our father and son, which is not the best of friends. The beauty of this film is to testify about the development of a pair of father and son, the challenges they have. faces, strange people they meet, have to get out in different weather conditions, and alternate rests between motels and sleeping in a car. We see an obvious generation gap in them trying to communicate with each other, the father tries to impose his son, and his son tries to confirm himself as an adult, but the circumstances we see reveal that the Red is pretty fish without water. . Through many meetings, they really meet well despite their differences. It might be quite convenient for this film to be released here last week to coincide with Harry Raia Haji, and have the opportunity to watch our protagonists. join other pilgrims in your Haj. The final scene in Mecca is really a sight for watching, and you too would feel claustrophobic and fear while the Reda is trying to catch her dad among the thousands of people who are gathering. Europe's sights may not have been deliberately processed, in order to build expectations and focus on the ultimate destination. Surely he rang home to think and show the loved ones how much you appreciate those who are. Do not miss this, and yes, book early - I was pleasantly surprised that the evening session was still full of houses.
