If you want to be cynical and pedantic, you could point out that the opening where the RAF Lancaster Raptor was killed on May 2, 1945 was a bit unbelievable, since the German air defense was just as alive as Adolph Hitler that day, but it's not a movie which should be watched by a cynical audience and I assume that the figure that was killed literally in the last hours of the war adds that it is a character. In fact, he would have survived the Second World War to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty and soul of Povel and Pressburger's masterpiece. Heavenly scenes are sick when they are watching today? You must again look at the film about the context when it's made. The RAF bombing team lost 58,000 people during the war, the same number that America lost in Nam, but in a short period and far, far smaller pool of active fighters, there are no atheists in the fox and I doubt that you have lost. cousin during the conflict you would consider material atheism to be a rational thing. When young pilot Richart Attenborough looked with awe under him, many war heroes had to openly cry on this scene as they remembered many of the missed friends who did not survive the war. Also, keep in mind that, despite losing several million people from 1939 to 1945, very few people in Germany seem to be going through the pearly door. It is obvious that the Nazis are not going to paradise. The plot itself, in which a petty young pilot Peter Carter, who advocated for his life in the heavenly court, would not have much attraction for me that he was not for the subtext, you see MATERIAL OR LIFE AND DREAM is a high political and visionary film that complains about the end of the British empire while being replaced by American ambitions. There are a few things that show the film as being made by people who are aware of American history and culture. One ethnic blend of America, even today, many Britons think that the United States is largely composed of white Anglo-Saxon Protestants, while in fact only 51% of Americans are "white Europeans". The film rightly contains a scene in which a multitude of different races recognize "I am an American," while Abraham Farlan, an anglofob who was the first revolutionary who killed British forces in the American War of Independence, succumbed to Peter. As for the "special relationship" between Britain and America - What special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to Britain and America. They obviously know their future too. So remember to watch this movie with some of your mind in the past and some with your mind in the present. It's weird, nice, moving and smart, but first of all a movie that would never have been made in the last 40 years. Can you imagine that the story was set in 2003 and that it is about a British soldier killed in Iraq?
