After "A Dirty Shame," I never thought I'd see another John Waters movie. That movie really was so bad that I was convinced that all his films would be like that. But when the DVD of this film was viewed in a popular magazine and said that this is a great movie, I decided to try it. Only a few days later he was shown on television. I shot him out of curiosity and now that I've seen her, I can tell you that this "Pecker" is certainly better than "Dirty Shame". In this film we see that the young 'no one' from Baltimore becomes a sensation overnight in the art world of New York. He is an employee of a sandwich store that records his strange family or things he sees on the street as a hobby. When he holds his first "exhibition" at the store where he works, his pictures are noticed by the owner of a gallery that likes pictures of full misery and strangeness. His photos are sold at huge prices, but when he sees that his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides not to go to New York anymore, they will have to come to see him if they want to see more of him. And they do it, but what they see there is more shock than they could imagine ... It's not hard to understand why I loved this movie much more than "Dirty Shame." The first reason is that this movie has a real story.This movie really has something to say, not just to shock as many people.The fact that they are ridiculing the world of art that considers everything unusual as art, because they do not know what reality is, it's not just funny, it's not nor is it far from the truth. I suppose there are many people who think so of modern art so much. Nobody understands why they are doing so much but it's obvious that all of us need it. The other reason I liked this movie is that this one had a much better acting actor, I'm not saying that everything you see is great, but at least the characters have some meaning thanks to the performances of various actors such as Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... All in all It's not a great movie, but thanks to his criticism and some good jokes - which never really go away - this is a movie that enjoys. This is certainly not the best comedy ever, but I liked a lot more than "Dirty Shame". I'm giving this film 6.5 / 10.
