Prior to this little black-and-white, sensitive topic of criminal rape has never reached the US screen. There were many of these issues that Hollywood and the Production Code kept hidden until the rebellious 1960s. It is therefore not surprising that it would take a bit of an independent company such as the film authors Ide Lupino to launch the topic. The result is benevolent, but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising since director Lupino had to work with the requirements of the Code to release the film into the public. Interestingly, the main problem of Ann Valton (Little Povers) after the attack is not how others could see it, but how she sees herself. And it's a heavy burden that carries. Will she ever again be able to refer to men? Will it be seen as "broken goods" (after all, it's 1950)? No wonder she fled instead of facing these fears at home and at work, although family and friends generally support her. All in all, this first part is serious and well done. Hoyka is accentuated to inject some action into a plot, but then this is a film - notice that an incompatible neighbor does not respond to a trumpet near the end of a hook. If they were screaming alerts from Povers, the lack of a neighbor's answer would cause an interesting, though complicated problem. The other half is largely given to the Production Code in the sentimentalized person Rev. Ferguson (Tod Andrevs). It's him (to quote a phrase) that "gives courage to face life again". There are some efforts to humanize him - whether it's Ann or her dilemma that interests him the most. Still, his gentle and understandable presence comes as a bit too wondrous and a little too holistic. Fortunately, the ending is avoided by the usual Hollywood cop by emphasizing just hope for a happy resolution for Ann, not for her safety. Give the Lupine a great deal of merit to solve this topic. Having in mind the overall results, I expect her to speak honestly about the topic as she was permitted. I also expect that today's audience treatment will be very interesting, mainly because of the excellent performance of Poversh, which brings a purely human drama. However, the film now works best as a document of its time and what cultural observers of that day considered appropriate for adult viewing.
