Ida Lupino was one of the few women who broke the director's glass ceiling in Hollivood under the studio system. It is not surprising that she dealt with proto-feminist topics that, when touched at all, came so cautiously that it was rarely quite clear what was being said. In Outrage, she treats rape and its consequences, and although she is termed a "criminal attack" in a short film, she leaves, at least once, without a doubt what happened. Little Povers (in her) official debut) plays secretary-accountant in a large industrial facility; She lives with her parents, but she is engaged to a big guy (Robert Clarke), who just got a raise and now earns $ 90 a week. Leaving the plant after having worked late one night, she finds it to be in the habit of setting. In the scene that follows? the best in the movie ?? trying to escape from his pursuer in the stunning labyrinth of buildings and lanes, but fails. When she returns home, disassociated and in shock, the police can not draw much from her; claims that she never saw her attacker (who drove a snack truck outside the factory). Trying to pretend that nothing has happened, she returns to her job, but she breaks down, thinking that all her asshole is in her, judging her. She went to the state of the fugue, fleeing to Los Angeles by bus, but stumbled on vacation. Waking up in a strange house at the ranch, she learned that she was rescued by Tod Andrevs, a young minister in a California agricultural town. He's lying about his identity and takes a job for packing oranges. The two of them are vaguely in love, but Andrevs is clear that Povers keeps terrible secrets. When, at a picnic in the company, he caught the key and broke Jerry Paris's skull, who tried to steal a kiss, the truth about her past came out ... She was brave in 1950, and this can explain justify some of his shortcomings. Lupino never pulls the verity of the early scene of the attack, and the film flies into a buccal and sentimental, ending with a story and a didactic. Yes, Lupino had important information he could transmit, but she did not have the confidence in the narrative to speak for herself. Her actor, pleasant but mild and generic, was not of any help, returning to melodramatic positions or home security. But Bijes was a breakthrough, which he sought for a later discourse on what was actually the crime of rape and what it meant for his victims.
