Just because I watched this movie again in 1998 and showed VH-1, I just had to comment. The first time I saw this movie on TV, it was around 1981 and I remember I recorded it from my mother's betamak. For some reason he finished recording in black-and-white technique, which gave him a time look that I liked. I very well remember the film that begins with the song "My Bonnie," as the camera flew across the scene in Liverpool. I also recall the opening scene where Paul shows some girls and says, "Look, talent!" So it was with great irritation that I appeared in my 1998 recorded version and "I remembered" that the movie opens with "She Loves You", instead of "My Bonnie." When you see how slowly the camera rotates in relation to the speed of music, you can see that "She loves you" just does not fit. Also, in this "later" version when Paul sees the girls, he says, "Look, girls!" .. and somehow remembering earlier versions, that word simply did not fit. Why they thought they had to americanize this film for an American audience, that's beyond me. Personally, if I'm going to watch a film about a British band, I want all British colloquialisms and such ones to be part of their speech, manners, etc. Another irritation was how "frozen" is editing for television. Immediately after Stu was beaten, for example, the movie turns into a commercial spot - LOTS of 'em. Yes, I know it depends on the network, but it really destroys the effect of the film to separate it, as we all know. What some people might consider insignificant in terms of dialogue (and thus regulate) can in fact go through the explanation of a particular action or scenario that follows. My point is that the "best" version of this film was probably an earlier version I recorded from 1981, which incidentally included the Shake, Rattle & Roll scene that my version of 1998 . it's not. I started to assume that there had to be two different versions for television, and the view of the "alternative version" regarding this film confirmed me. If the American version had some shorter / cut / different scenes and / or dialogue, it is a great disappointment for me and something worthwhile if it takes care of such things. It is best to try to get the European version of this film, if possible, and (probably even less possible), an untreated version. Unfortunately, I had to throw away my old European version of betamak because I did not know how to convert it. All this, I found that this movie might be one of the best movies about the story behind the "birth of Beatles". Since he is well aware that art and creative licenses are often used in movies and on television when the history is shown, I did not allow any deviation to interfere with my enjoyment of the film. Of course, you see that the Beatles performed songs in the caverns that I asked: "Did they even write it then? I do not think so," but, nevertheless, I thought it was a great movie and performances, wonderful. In fact, the real viewpoint for me was the actor who played John, Stephen MacKenna. I just fell in love with him. His appearance, manners, personality and voice voices seemed like spot-on. He looked as good as young John for me to make a double shot at the end of the movie when you see the Beatles play for Ed Sullivan for the first time. In fact, I wondered if it was a real Beatle record, until I saw other actors on the scene. If you are looking for a dead accurate history of life and the beginnings of The Beatles, you can not get anything better than "Beatles Anthology", as "boys" themselves. However, if you are looking for a funny recording of their pre-Beatleman days that led to their arrival in America and leave anal critical reviews at the door, you can not make a mistake with "Birth of the Beatles" - -MORATE for any "real" or casual Beatle fan .
