In light of bad criticism - or traffic accidents - I feel possessed to find myself in equipment and make a transfer in order to give credit wherever necessary and service. I'm not sure that people have the permission to say it was so bad, almost automatic. It's rare that the film has a SUSPENSION. This film kept uncertainty all the length, for me, despite possible defects. How many movies can that say? Not many big ones. Because of a simple premise, you do not know if people will get out of a life-threatening situation that lasts the whole movie. Yes, the suspension was firm, and some shocks happened. It's not just about a television movie, it's about a film that's totally active; There is no point in stopping, abandoning, or conversing. It would be difficult to make this kind of film, always on the go. Only duel, or speed, remember that. The best thing about them was constant tension. ACTIVITY is not bad: The judge is as good as ever, and the rest are. SCRIPT is good. But the jury is not sure if it can sometimes be or seems to be a little wrong. What seems unrealistic is not necessarily the case. Your first judgments are not always right, but I think the main actor was right when he was in this movie. STUNTS are generally great, especially for TV movie. Their only failure can be noticeable, and again, obvious, slow speed. But we all know how misleading slow-talking Grand Prix cars can look like. I WANTED TO THAT THE FIRM said, "inspired by the true story." So you will not go to what extent is it true? You know it's just the basis. Usually "based on a true story" makes me think that this should generally be true. But maybe it's my fault. How to save them: A good idea of ​​a reviewer to suggest a towing truck to pick up the rear wheels. Just a few inches. The stunt driver could do it at 100 mph. It's strange that they did not invite car experts - or electricians or mechanics - to see if there is a way. I hope this review has reversed that this film is a catastrophe. Or at least neutral. And help him to become a successful success. The quality of the photos is a little soft for DVD. SPOILER: They would be thrown out after the baby was, but unusual The idea of ​​saving lives was cleverly resolved in some funny conversations to fade. I think we know why. End of the movie. Suspension of disbelief came out of the window with the child.
