I just saw "Behind Bedroom Doors", and this was the first softcore flick with a solid story behind me that I saw for a while. We start with two neighbors - Vivian and James Fenway (Julia Kruis and Eric Carrington), and Lillian and Gabe Harris (Nicole Sheridan and Chris Gustafson). It seems that Vivian is a housewife, James is a lawyer working for district prosecutors, Lillian works in real estate, and Gabe is a successful plastic surgeon. You got all that? Let's get into it. Come in Abby, beautifully played porn star Chelsea Blue. He rents a house across the road from Fenway and lives alone. At the beginning of the film, James looks out the window and sees Abby in the game with his girlfriend, Gigi (played by dancing porn Monique Alekander) and secretly begins to wonder how it would be with her. The next day, Abby meets all four, and she seems to be a beautiful woman who just by chance lives an alternative way of life. She made a pass for Vivian, which looked astonished and told her, "Oh ... I ... not so." Everything seems fine ... until the plan starts. First, Abby appears in Gabe's office, naked, asking Gabe if she should get the job of a sucker. Here we get our quote from the movie: "Tell me about Gabe." "What do you want to know?" "Is Gabe happily married?" "I'm married." "There's a problem ... to guess. Your wife stays home and does everything she's looking for. But she's a good girl." "Yes." "She's not a bad girl?" "Not." "Do you have that door on your lock?" You know what's going on ... Abby gets him with Gabe, right there in the test room. After that, she puts a small show in her window for James, who comes and loses her time on sex with her. What James does not know is that the red-haired piano is really a camera that records all the festivities (it's anyway so obvious). Abby again sexed with Gabe, and this time Gigi joined to do this in three ways. Now that Abby has something for both men, she asks for every $ 100,000 to buy her silence. Not only would she be able to ruin James' candidacy, she could also destroy Gabe's practice. While Gabe and James struggle with their own guilt, Abby finds time to seduce Lilian - who has "experimented" with women in college. . It was a long time ago, but you would not know that seeing Abby in action - it looked like an old professional. While Gigi goes along with the plan, she seems to be jealous of all the sex that her girlfriend has. "It's just a job," Abby says. Confessions and apologies will surely follow, as well as some astounding information about Abby's true identity - it seems that she does the same thing to different men in many different places. Gabe and James use this information to counter Abbiny Blackmail. Now, regarding sex. Sex scenes were pretty good, and since all the women involved in this film except Julia Kruis have a long pornographic background, I would not expect anything less. Four scenes by Nicole Sheridan were best in the movie, while the triple track was at a second time. Monique Alekander only once hastened, but she was a relatively younger figure. Julia Kruis was the main character and she clung to the same number of times. I suppose, since she was surrounded by experienced hardcore professionals, she did not have to have so many sexual scenes. To finish, "Behind Bedroom Doors" had a great story, which increased the overall score. film. Women: A- (Nicole Sheridan was good in this film - better than her later offerings in Fred Olen Raia comedies, at least she can play a drama somewhat.Chelsea Blue was the scene thief - she was not as bad as an antagonist. one A, Julia Kruis was a common person for herself, but I would like Monikue Alekander to have more time in this movie.)> Sex: B (Solid, very solid sex scene. Nicole Sheridan's appearances were almost hardcore quality Chelsea Blue looked good in her own scenes, too. Two girls were not offered They were awful but they were warmed up Story: B + (I liked the dialogue and the main story. The performance of Chelsea Blue was good for this genre, and I was impressed by the drama by Nicole Sheridan.) < br /> Overall: B (This was a nice softcore flick. I'm glad to be able to watch this one, as I was pleasantly surprised.If Chelsea Blue ever wants to do more of these, it will be welcome to anime This is true for Nicolas Sheridan, although he is probably even better in comedy. I do not mind the hardcore girls who can play softcore movies.)
