I love this movie. Director Michael Povell once stated that this is his favorite movie, and that he is mine too. Povell and Pressburger created a seemingly simple, superbly made story - the power of love against the "power they are." However, his deception lies in the complexity of his "whether it is a real or imaginary" premise. Basically, one could say that it is simply a glimpse of the effects of war on a young, poetically inclined plane during the Second World War. Or is it? The question was never answered in any way. In fact, he never asks. This constant underestimation is part of the film's appeal. Innovative photography and cinema include even some nice details that show the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a film version of the opera Richard Strauss, Der Rosenkavalier, about a young Viennese aristocrat from the 18th century. This is seen in a brief interlude in which conductor 71, dressed in all his clothes, holds a rose (which appears in silver in the sky). Music also has dreamy qualities. All acting is the first in the series - David Niven is the most charming, and he has the excellent support of veteran Roger Livesey and relative journalist Kim Hunter. But in my opinion, the charm of the film comes from Marius Goring as a conductor of 71. He is by far the most interesting role, filling each of his scenes with innocent light, illuminating a film. It is a shame that some of the scenes of conductor 71 were left on the floor of the cutting room. It's also a pity that Goring's comic talents are rarely seen on the film, except in the beautiful videos of the 1950s television series Scarlet Pimpernel. It's by far the most memorable role of his film career. He is the perfect film for the relaxed style of Niven, and his virtual exaggeration is so beautifully contrasted with the seriousness of other characters. Ironically, also in the mid-forties, Niven played against another heavenly "messenger," played by Cari Grant, at The Bishop's Vife. Their styles of acting were so similar that I found the result boring, non-energetic and disappointing. As a reminder, according to Povell, Goring desperately wanted the role of Peter Carter, initially rejecting Conductor 71. This is a good thing he gave and he gave us such a beautiful display. The film, "commissioned" "to smooth the tense relationship between Britain and the United States, exceeds its point in the end. But it disarms in its mild reminders of the horrors of war - numerous victims, and military and civilian, the need to "continue" when facing death. "The lack of" WWII enemies "is obvious in the sky, but the civilians shown are of indefinable origin, and Powell and Pressburger could have been more explicit in their presentation, but that was not The film may not have served its diplomatic purpose as expected, but it was not gova originality continues to inspire filmmakers and audiences on both sides of the Atlantic.
