Some films undoubtedly carry a message that responds in hours and days after watching. This is the case for CAROLOVO TRAVEL (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautifully made film from Spain in 2002, based on the novel A bottle of noche by Angela Garcia Roldana, who adjusted the book as a script. War and its consequences are not a new topic for movies, but when this war theme plays in the background as a subtle driving force for the development of characters (especially children) who have to face the lives of adults under the influence of adult games, the result is different. and a more detailed overview of a film genre that comes from a lifetime. Carol (Clara Lago) is a twelve-year-old Spanish American from New York who returns with her critically ill mother Aurora (Maria Barranco). in his Aurorin home in 1938 at the height of the Spanish civil war, a home that remained abandoned by his father Don Amalia (Alvaro de Luna) since his wife's death. Caroline's father Robert (Ben Temple) is a combat pilot who has stuck to the side of the Republicans against Frank and rarely is with his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jimenez) to marry Roberta, and Alfonso drowned Aurora's cold sister Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who remains abstinent to everyone except her grandfather Don Amalio until she meets the other with her age, but not of the 'class': Tomiche (Juan Jose Ballesta) and his two friends initially resent Carol, but how events unfold Carol and Tomiche is tied to what feels like the first awakening of love. When Aurora dies of her illness, Carol has to live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter, Luna McGill, and nevertheless turns to her grandfather for support and best friend and teacher of her mother Maruja (always blossoming of Rosa Maria Sarda) to understand the disparity between the hours and the senseless war that her beloved father holds from the side. Through a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche learn the rigor of becoming adults, facing multiple trauma in a short period of war than most of us experience in our lives. The end, though sad, is lifted while Carola's journey is over. The film was filmed in Galicia and Portugal and contains some extremely beautiful settings captured by gentle sensitivity by the photographer Gonzalo F. Berridi and enhanced by Bingen Mendizaball's music party. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line dividing the floor from the batos, and choosing to concentrate the story on the children involved, he gives even stronger statements about the futility and cruelty of the war. The actors are exceptional: the stars are obviously young Clara Lago and Juan Jose Ballesta, but they are supported by fine veteran actors in an adult role. This is a visually amazing work with a permanent message and should find a much larger audience than it is to date. Builds Harp
