The opening left me delighted by their inventiveness - the modified version of Archer's logo, the introductory disclaimer, the way the camera is turning over the cosmos. It's strange to think that "It's a wonderful life" came out the same year. There is no great coincidence: forties were flooded with celestial and terrestrial films; but the magnificent cotton wool mists and skinny angels of the competition look dishonest, something goes best in silence when placed next to the vision of Alfredo Junge. It still looks great all the way to the end, as well as more and more striking ideas appear on us. I am not a big admirer of mixing colors with black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes almost always looks ugly when placed next to the other. Not here. Povell dissolves the color into a monochromatic and monochrome in color as if it were the most natural thing in the world, only a change in palette. Both color and black and white can stand alone. As for the story ... this can be the best script in Pressburger, or at least it would be concluded that the logical outcome of the previous events. In addition, it is solid, but with more things going on than I can put it here. Were the celestial things real or imaginary? (Or both? Perhaps Carter dreamed of a fantasy that, as it happened, is true.) Everyone says we should not even ask or answer this question, but I do not see why. I'm sure we want to ask a question. The film even gives us an indication of what the answer is - in fact, the problem is that it has too many traces and they are at first sight perceived in different directions. The fact that other things should take our attention does not mean that it should not take us too. There is, as I have already said, much that is happening. Think about the scene in which Abraham Farlan (Heavenly Attorney Prosecutor) runs a radio cricket match cricket show, and he says the voiceless voice of England's voice in 1945. 'Dr. Reeves (Defense) admits the show with a lot of shame, and then produces one of his: a blues song from America, which Farlan listens as if he has a lemon in his mouth. Reeves looks embarrassed. Snobbery? Well, I do not see why the snobbish judge blues music - and that's not what Povell and Pressburger are doing anyway. As the song is played, we get a snapshot of American soldiers who listen to it: several of them nodded in a rhythm, perfect at home. It is not incomprehensible to them. There is something valuable about the song, neither Reeves nor Farlan know what it is. Rivs probably understands so much. All English audiences (and all audiences from Australia, India, etc.) know that they do not say there is anything valuable in cricket; and while Reeves understands it, he is not able to explain Farlan - hence the blues show, which shows that people can understand each other without understanding everything else. It's a smart scene. Another thing. David Niven, I found a little cold, without the charisma I would later acquire in my career; but even so, I do not think that the movie so quickly grabbed my heart after the action began, as it did.
