Set up in 2017 (though it could easily be replaced for 1987, judging by hairstyles and clothes), The Running Man sees a versatile good guy Ben Richards (Schvarzeneggar) framed for a crime he did not commit. After a pause in prison, he was caught and entered as a competitor in the brutal TV The Running Man, along with some fellow fugitives and beautiful women, Amber (Maria Conchita Alonso). Used by a totalitarian government as a way of controlling the masses, the show kills convicts against a series of colorful (and often rather camply) opponents, each of which has its own unique style of killing: Dinamo flares electricity from a special suit, Buzzsav uses chainsaw, Sub Zero has a ice hockey stick, and Fireball prefers a flame thrower to complete the candidates. But these killers do not coincide with Ben Richards, who sends each one in a terrible way (followed by a compulsory dash). At the end of the film, Ben joins a group of fighters for freedom in the Battle of Power, and gets to retaliate on the nasty conductor of the show, Killian. Twenty years ago, Arnold Schwarzenegger ruled the film universe, and his legion of fans could not work well. Austrian Beefcake had a successful formula that almost guaranteed success in the office for his films: comic about violence plus logic-free plots plus beautiful female assistants and witty one-liners, minus the acting ability equally massive profits. Running Man has faithfully followed this blockbuster recipe for T and Arnie (mostly a male teenage) audience that coincided it (including myself). Now, two decades later, and after I just finished watching the movie for the first time in years, I think it's a strange movie: one completely devoid of technical merit, decent acting and convincing effects, but somehow totally entertaining. He was directed by Paul Michael Glaser (best known as Det Dave Starsky from a cult exhibition of 70-year-olds, Starsky and Hutch), and is adapted from a short story by Stephen King (Richard Bachman), The Running Man is a cheerful 80 Those years that look incredibly cheap and very outdated, but despite (or perhaps because of) a bad movie, it has a special charm that is difficult to describe. Without attempts to create a real -Future setting, the movie provides plenty of unintentional giggles. See the scene where Ben reveals Amber's secret cache of forbidden cassettes (!); admire the futuristic graphics used on the billboards and play the The Running Man (as a graphic designer, I find it especially entertaining); be amazed by the apparent lack of convincing technological advancements. The racer can be ultimate garbage, but it's a very fun ultimate stupid thing I have no hesitation in recommending fans of Arnie and sci-fi action. in general.
