Did Mistic Pizza not win the Oscars for that year? This film never had a chance, because of casting, but maybe people now see why I feel like this when I left the theater. Only "Vargames" left a feeling similarly upset after leaving the theater, with the feeling that I will get an insight into our future. History has shown that this has just happened. Casting is the Cuisinart's pop culture from the 1980s: Arnold got you as Ben Richards, a boxed fugitive gave him the chance to "escape" for his freedom in a match with the same title as the movie; Richard Davson as Damon Killian, treating his role as host of the Families Feud with competitors using real guns; Jesse Ventura as "captain of freedom" and co-wrestler Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", both "stalkers" who kill "runners". Even Mick Fleetvood (Mic) and Dveezil Zappa (Stevie) appear, while "dancers of the future" are none other than Laker Girls. This film SCREAMS "80s." The action is a good excuse for action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but he agrees to be a Running Man when they tell him that his friends will be freed; Instead, they join him as "contestants". Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard by which Salma Haiek can be judged in the 1990s. The production value on the movie was a bit poor, the lines were raw, and (at that time)), the shop looked a bit tense. I remember thinking about when I left the theater that we definitely set off in the direction of the film, but who could see how far we would go there and how fast? If the Runner Man was listed in the TV Guide, most people would have assumed that this was just another reality shov that pushes the envelope today. The government's influence on the media is only worsening, and the humiliated American public of the future who surrenders all its freedoms to "national security" is quite cold. Ben Richards is greatly played by Arnold as one of the few remaining opposition to the government's tyranny that the rest of America is too willing to accept in exchange for good television and some gifts for the audience. The movie was far above the top, perhaps even with the cliff for its time, but like with "Back to the Future III", "the sledge" that seemed to sink in 1987 was replaced by the finished tracks in 2006 and beyond, and this film will float into the future as one of the more prominent films of our time. It is tragic that, like with Vargames, the Academy did not give this great script the recognition it deserved. "Serious" actors who act seriously while they are so pretentious that you want to vomit, can win more Oscars, but that does not make them better films than their "ordinary man" colleagues, such as this one. Absolutely mandatory.
