Arnold in the 1980s showed that he was the king of the action, and one liner in this futuristic film about a violent game shows that no competitor survives. But as the tag says Arnold has yet to play! The film begins in 2019, when the world economy collapsed with food and other important materials in the short run and a totalitarian state arose, controlling every aspect of life through TV and the police state. This is the most popular show The Running Man, in which criminals are forced to survive against the Stalkers who live to kill them. mess in food in progress. He ordered his superiors to shoot at them, refusing to throw him out and throw him in prison, and in the meantime slaughtered people without his help. The government blames Richards for the massacre that gave him the name "Butcher from Bakersfield". Eighteen months later, Richards, along with two friends, Villyama Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Veissa (McIntire) entered the zone of detention in which they worked. Mic quickly identifies Richards as the "Bakersfield Broiler" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want to join the resistance, but you'd rather go live with your brother and get a job. Soon he reveals that his brother was taken to rehab, and the name of the woman, Amber Mendez (Alonso), took his apartment. Knowing who he was not going to help him, but he convinced her, but the cops caught him at the airport after he pulled it out. Meanwhile, the man who runs has a problem finding a good new blood for stalkers to kill. Damon Killian (Davson) the show manager and one of the most powerful men in the country sees Richards as he avoids a shot and can get it for the show after his shooting. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends for him, and signs the contract. You'll love that part. But he soon discovered that he would join him and make sure Killian knew he would return. Runners begin to go through the Zone and the signs of the characters to remember, Sub-Zero, Buzz Sav and many others. In the end, Richards joined Amber who doubted he was positioned, but was caught and thrown into the game. Together they find the underworld and return it back to Killian and give him a farewell message. The racer is another of Arnold's great 80s movies. The film is allegedly somewhat based on the book of Steven King of the same name. Some said the book was better. I'm sure he was not, and yet he liked me the movie. As in all Arnold's films, acting is what you would expect from classic leaders from Arnold and even Venture. Nevertheless, Richard Davson is no doubt in this film. Being a true leader of the game, he easily deceived himself and managed to create a character that is really cold-blooded. The whole movie is ripping a bit on the games and the big brother is watching. Watch out for them how to entertain and some old performances, "I hate the boat" among others. Also actors were great except Arnold, Kota and Alonza, do not forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Braun, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the reality of the TV's nonsense that continues, it fits better now, but I am sure that Hollywood Liberals could enter the film about a "broken bush". The new DVD has mostly poor performance, and stalkers are the only redeemable. Something about how ACLU managed to take part of this communism into a DVD and that it was ridiculous rubbish that should not be close to Arnold's film about everything. Blasphemi! All in all, you can not miss this for Arnold fans, especially those who grew up in the 80's on it. One of the first ones I've seen in the '80s and still is big. The futuristic world and humor are great. A total of 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of his best.
