The running man is often dismissed as another Arnie's action thriller full of explosions, bad games and shootings, and to be fair, there are many things in it. People watched it and compared it to the Terminator series, saying it was one of the poorest Schwarzenegger films. But give him 18 years, and you will find yourself able to appreciate it in a different light. Instead of being a second action movie without a brain, it works well as a parody of reality TV. It's completely different from Steven King's book, the truth, but I doubt that Hollywood, with its love for optimistic endings and so-called "ordinary guys" who have proven to have the skills of a trained commander, accepted in his / her But with an overview. Ben Richards (Arnold Schvarzenegger) is a policeman working in the dystopian United States where democracy is a thing of the past, and the government is a government / media conglomerate. The economy is in droning, food is scarce and the state keeps people hampered by the production of sadistic games to watch them, such as Jumping for Dollars, where people jump for money over the cave of wild dogs, and the most popular is the Man who runs an event organized by slim Damian Killian (played by fun Richard Davson), where the alleged "criminals" were persecuted by the theatrical pro-vresting-esquire "stalkers". Some, however, try and speak against the government. When a hungry group holds a protest in Bakersfield, California, the Richards-controlled helicopter is being sent to "calm down" (ie kill) a protest. When Richards refuses to shoot innocent people, he is arrested and set to kill people in the crowd. He was sentenced to a labor slave labor camp, but escaped with the help of the resistance leader (Iaphet Kotto) and was on his way out. However, his freedom does not last long, and after abducting the network Employee Amber Mendez (Marita Conchita Alonso) in an attempt to escape from those who are persecuting him, is again in captivity, but this time he is forced to appear on the Man who runs. And there, of course, the entire movie enters the standard Arnie mod. Richards is launched into the post-apocalyptic Los Angeles Losers (why LA is always destroyed in these dystopian worlds?) And forced to flee from the 'stalker', along with two other prisoners who escaped from a labor camp with him. Amber also becomes curious about Richards' protests of innocence and discovers that he was framed. Then guess what's happening to her? So, as Amber, Richards and the other two run around trying to avoid a stalker, we soon become aware that Richards is not an ordinary cop. He is Super Arnie, an unmanaged army of one man who can tear down evil corporate dictatorships and fight with obese men covered with Christmas lights, and to be just your average American with an Austrian accent. Yes, the rest of the film becomes a silly, loud, classic Arnie from the '80s. There are many exciting sequences of fighting, a trademark of terrible games ('He had to split' as my favorite), and a general formulaic final confrontation and a happy ending. It's so much fun to watch Killian reacting to him in a typical "healthy" way of playing games, and some of the funniest moments in the show revolve around the contrast between his interactions with the audience as a seemingly benevolent host (watch for the damn old woman!) And the cold, a cynical man in reality who will do everything to increase his rating. If you expect a high, intelligent movie, you will be disappointed. But if you want great 80s movies, this is it. But the great thing about this movie was pretty prophetic. If you look at the entertainment that we have today, you have noticed the way today is broadcasting TV shows with people who are ready to post in five minutes of fame, and the producers were too willing to let them They are humiliating on television. It's not a great leap to imagine that a rotten TV exterior was trying to get the right to show people to live on TV. But we already had this, with desperate videos from the head of al-Qaeda, which were posted on the Internet. It seems that in the present climate, some people are quite right to see the real death on their TVs. With this in mind, and along with the fact that all these days seem like a revival of the 80's, you have to be impressed with the farsightedness of this film. Of course, we have not yet arrived because terrorists are, not mainstream media, who have bought us easily accessible programs with real human death, but you just have to ask how long it takes before a boss decides to see if it can find a way to launch a show that combines the desire of people for fun and the desire to enjoy their morbid curiosity ...
