Of all Arnold films of the mid-1980s, who thought it would be most relevant today, it would be The Running Man. A cool and surprisingly realistic story about reality TV has gone crazy. Maybe he was tense at the time, but not now. Not when you think about it. At the moment, Real TV shows or scratch bottom boards or desperately want to lift a bar. If the next is not controversial as the last one, it is a failure. How long will it be before we actually see shows like the Man Running? How long will we have 'theater advocates appointed by the court' or entertainment department at the Ministry of Justice? There are so many satire and intelligence in this film that may have been missed back in 1987, which desperately wants to be seen again taking into account the current state of TV shows. The biggest message of all is that you are a lie. ' It's no secret that the government and the media are working in agreement. And masses believe in what the media tells them to believe. This is a terrifying state of affairs, and if there is no more accurate representation of the truth, we can easily accept a brutal show such as Running Man in the near future. It's no secret that Real TV is not realistic. It is edited and redesigned before it is broadcast, and that's what networks want to see. Usually this is far from the true truth. Although quite different from Steven King's book (the end is completely changed), the scenario coincides with the typical Arnie formula. Yes, he has numerous and very banal uniforms and says: "I'll be back" (which he never said so often when you think about it) in an even more ironic situation, but he is still a zillion times better in the role than would be Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren (these two were considered BEFORE Arnie believed it or not). The director is Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). It may not be artistic, but it is still strong enough to cause excitement, and its use of neon and fluorescent colors gives each individual a pretty cool look. Andrew Davis (who I especially dislike) was attached to Glaser, although no matter who directed, the film is still disturbed by the heavy feeling of 80. First of all, the result of Harold Faltermeyer (remember) ?) is incredibly dated and takes action scenes from any timeless integrity. And the fashion sense of the film is too exaggerated to be convincingly set in the future. In addition to the dated feeling, the only other thing that bother me is a badly set shooting that is going on as a climax. This new DVD is a zillion times better than the original edition. There was a terrible picture from the mailbox. In his place is a brand-new hi-definition 1.85: 1 anamorphic transfer. Colors glitter and literally fall off the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EKS and DTS ES soundtrack are also incredible. There is a constant use of the surround channel for a great effect, and the bass is powerful and powerful. Definitely one of the best masters I've ever seen. Two intriguing documentaries, a trailer and a 'Meet the Stalkers' trick are included in this two-disc set that comes in a fairly orderly case.
