I'm still a novel in the crime genre, and the only one I've seen before I saw this was the earlier and somewhat disappointing 'The Dead Eies of London', which did not inspire much hope for the rest of the genre in me. However, if I saw this for the first time, the feeling would be different, while the killings of college girls are a bizarre and quite annoyed attempt by a criminal; It's very fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that throws so many weird and wonderful ideas into a script and succeeds in doing it with style. The film starts in a lab where a crazy scientist has invented a new and highly toxic poison that kills his victim and makes them seem to have died of a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal who destroys the common criminals from prison to commit murder using this poison (and then return them to prison). As the title says, it is a nearby college full of girls who provides the majority of victims. There is also a mysterious monk dressed in a red dress robbing about breaking the door with a whip. Naturally, with such a situation; this is not a very serious affair, and the director clearly knows that the film is very nucleus, and it resembles a complication. The fact that there are so many different parties in conspiracy unfortunately means that everything does not run smoothly; although this is not a big problem, because things are nice for the whole movie, and there is always enough to get the audience interested. The atmosphere is remarkable, and the color scheme on the screen is great. Of course, the film is based on the novel by Edgar Vallace and it is obvious that a man has a great imagination; the sites that were used are also great, and while the killer dash decorated with a variety of wild and exotic animals may not serve any significance for the plot, it helps to add an extra 'something' to the movie. You can not expect a conclusion that makes perfect sense after all that is happening in this movie; but the cause of the murder makes sense and is a satisfactory way for the film to peak. All in all, College Girl Murders is a great little mysterious movie and one that is recommended!
