Prussian gas, a killer wearing a red suit and hood with a white whip, and the murder of girls from college in the hands of paid convicts, cited by a mysterious mind holding his face hidden in an office containing turtles and fish aquariums. The Inspectors of Scotland Iard, IJoachim Fuchsberger and his superiors Sir John (Siegfried Schurenberg) certainly have full-time jobs in this case. It seems that all this focuses on an Ann Portland student (Uschi Glas), who, when she turns 21, has to inherit a lot of wealth. The girls who are targeted share the room with Ann, but the reason for their killing remains a mystery that the SI needs to understand best. It seems that the female dormitory staff is somewhat hiding and some members of the faculty become the victim of a killer in a red dress red dress that is sufficiently talented to pinpoint the throats of the attacker's throats. Two prisoners ordered a mysterious man to use the newly discovered toxic gas created by a scientist killed at the beginning of the film during what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for its creation. It's a smart scheme in which the driver, Greaves (Gunter Meisner), meets prisoners (... hiding in a barrel) helping a corrupt prison guard. Taking a blindfold into the secret room of the main brain, he gives them orders about who to kill and how. Discovering this operation is a top priority for Higgins, and Sir John will bring them to the truth they are looking for in relation to murders and why they are happening. Under suspicion are students, girls, her brother, sweaty, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, gardener and sniffer. Some are red virgins until they are removed, throwing the viewer on the loop each time until the real mind is discovered. The end has more plants. From the movies I've seen, THE COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is closest to the giallo with its colorful killer, a tricky plot that brings many surprises and potential suspects, and rude anger between adults and college girls in the student dorm . I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this particular crime film with the secret hideout of the infamous mastermind with an alligator pit (which is not used), a false Bible / water pistol, when it is open, extinguishes gas in the face of the surprise victims, Greaves Roiles Roice, who has clips that cause window closing without revealing passengers in the back seat, as well as holes that serve to spy girls in their rooms and while swimming. Many could consider Sir John responsible for his mischievous behavior and that he often undermines Higgins' ability to come to the truth (... maybe they are having fun at the British British inspectors who are more damaging to the case than they are solved) ... I felt that it was used as a comedy, especially in attempts to psychoanalize suspected and potential victims, often misunderstanding what was said to him. Higgins, using the skills adopted over the years as an investigator, instead follows the traces / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. The able direction of a trusted Alfredo Vohrer, who pace the pace at a brisk speed, and the scenario is full of interesting characters and gloomy content .. the fact that many of the adults around the bedroom are suspected, any of them may be one who was whipping a whip or calling shots behind executions of murdered girls. I would say that this may be one of the best (.. if not the best) example of the Crimean genre because it keeps you guessing, there is always another kei in the sleeve. The discoveries discovered at the very end are quite an eye-create (.. and, you even receive a literal disassemble of a real master who pulls the ends to the end).
