There are many things that happen in the killings of the girls. A crazy scientist creates a toxic gas that can not be detected. Before he can pick up prizes for his discovery, a scientist kills a monk with a hood and whip. After the gas was killed in the church, Scotland Iard was called to investigate, but the killing continues. Who can stop this crazy killer who seems to be able to come and go how he likes in and out of college? What works: - The killer. What you would not like about a killer who sneaks around and wears red red KKK looks like equipment, along with red gloves. The white whip that wears and uses is very effectively distinguished from the bright red dress. Although the idea of ​​the killer in the blazing red, shimmering clothes that sails around a girl at school is quite amazing, it's one of the most serious bones I've ever seen. - Groove 60's Music. I really would like to follow the cover music for The Girl Girl Murders. There are jazz, hip, the feeling of the 60s I loved. - Bizarre touch. In addition to the red dress and the hood of the killer, the film contains a sliding fireplace, a cave alligator with a cage that provides a head, poisoned bible Bib, a strategically placed doll, mini skirts, go-go boots and hair pieces. I would describe him as a cross between the Batman TV show from the 1960s and the Italian gialla. Killings of college girls are a real treat for the eye. <br /> <br /> - End. Let's just say it has more than one turn of the mountain road. Just when you think the killer is discovered, here comes the tweet? .. and others ??. And other? And other. What does not work: <br /> <br> - Chief Inspector Sir John. I know that the guy should have been a comic relief, but his character in chess has too much time on the screen. - Why are alligators? Previously, I mentioned the alligators in the cave. And while they are a nice touch, they serve very little purpose. Why go through all the troubles and not use them? - Plodding Plot. Some of the killings of girls have no flow or rhythm. There are too many moments in the movie when things become inexplicable until a standstill. Better pacing would make this movie much more pleasant. I did not see much of these German grievances, but from the few I've seen (Phantom of Soho, Blackmoor Castle Castle, Dead Eies of This is perhaps my favorite. This one has a real fanatic feeling that I really get into If the action went a bit better, I could easily give the killings of girls to college 7/10.
