This is probably the fastest pace and the most active German "crime" series, Edgar Vallace, a cross between Dr. Mabuses and 60's pop thrillers like Batman and Man from UNCLE. He reintroduces an unprecedented crime from an earlier film that carries the habit of a modern monk and breaks the necks of the victims with a curly whipping whip. Situated in a school school for girls, filled with profane middle-aged professors, and when cops mock their secrets at every opportunity, it's definitely a return to those miraculously politically incorrect times. There is a definite connection with the later Vallace film, the excellent gym "Whatever Happened to Solange?", Which also applies to students who are corrupted (and spoiled?) Of their elderly. Completely appropriate for the monk's theme, the master-mind criminal uses miniature bibles here to deal with some of the death blows, and also maintains a dungeon of reptile-full to entertain his captured audience. Alfred Wörter has always been the most rugged and visually glittering line-up of the series, and here he is truly a star of film cinema. The monk appears in a stunted crimson hood and robe, tastefully setting a glittering white whip while appearing against a purplish-night background. There is also a turquoise pool suitable for a voyeur that looks great and a great environment for the students of the nubilee and as a shadow for one of the scenes of killing. The trademark "kicker" of hiding the Ende card somewhere in the set of the last scene is also very memorable here. And there's a nice brass and tvangi score for lovers of retro music. The fans of the series will surely miss the flippant Eddie Arent character in these later films. Instead, Chief Inspector Sir John assumes the role of a lunatic, convinced he has mastered criminal psychology after spending several night courses. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski has also moved to bigger and better things. By that time, Krimis lost part of his unconventional subversive thirst, and now he worked at a much more open pop-cultural level, which would make this a rather accessible to unknown audience.
