This film was played very well back in 1932 and probably would not work well today because his style is somewhat old-fashioned and fictional. However, if you are a sort of person, like myself, who loves older Hollywood movies, you have cut the movie a bit and enjoy it - an interesting soap. The film is placed in the problematic pregnancy department. In this spacious room there are about half a dozen beds in which women are waiting to be born - but doctors are worried about possible complications (iikes - such a room would really traumatize mothers!). And, like the episode "Love Boat" or "Fantasi Island", every mother has her own special story. With so many extreme and crazy stories, you have to stop the unbelief. I could have enjoyed the movie a lot. Here are some stories: One involves a father. You do not see your mother, but he is a very, very nervous father and is involved in comical relief. However, it was wonderful here - very touching. Loretta Ioung and Eric Linden are a sad case. Loretta was sent to the hospital from prison - she apparently killed someone of a terrible type. You do not know exactly what happened, but you suppose he tried to get on it! Nevertheless, she was sentenced to 20 years in prison - and her husband is committed to her and is as much as she can. Glenda Farrell is a horrible person. There is a mother instinct of hamsters - really, very bad and alcoholic hamster! It's pretty funny and worth seeing most of the movie. I loved to drink it from hot water filled with gin, and to be upset when she finds out she can not make money by selling her twins! Later in the film, she has a typical Hollywood-style change of heart, which she should have touched - I found her fictitious. . Incredibly, after the word, they return the lady to the same department as women waiting to be born !!! A crazy woman, who you assumed to have lost a baby some time ago, is being pulled out of a psychiatric unit. He insists he has a baby. Later, she ran away again and in fact takes one of the children! Most stories are from this, but the ones I mentioned are the main ones. As I said, it's a kind of soap opera and it's very fun - and pretty sad in the case of several stories. The ending is especially hearty and extremely well done. There were several particularly good performances - especially Farrell and Aline MacMahon as the main nurse. All in all, a very good movie - and I have no idea why they felt they had to rearrange the film only a few years later (which was typical of Varner Brothers).
