Life begins - and ends - in the typical maternity / recovery department of 1930, where we see 48 hours in the lives of several high-risk pregnant women, played by Loretta Ioung, Glenda Farrell, Clara Blandick (Aunti Em), Vivienne Osborne, Dorothy Tree, and Gloria Shea, while waiting to be born. While the movie shows devices that look far away today when maternity hospitals are much more controlled and limited, it offers us a look back in time to see what was born in a typical city hospital in 1932, like our grandmothers and great-grandmothers. The film was fascinating and extremely mobile. It is strange that the most prominent performance in this film is by the male actor, young Eric Linden as Jeda Satona, husband Grace (Loretta Ioung). What an actor! As the first father, Jade is upset and uneasy about the hospital staff who seems to be removing his worries about his wife, as they could clean the crumbs from the cafeteria table. I felt all his care sharply. I'd like to see more of this acting work. He had a very emotional voice, which was used for an unforgettable effect in Gone Vith The Vind. In that film, Erik played a young soldier whose amputated leg without anesthesia, screaming: "Do not be shy! Do not cut it!" while Scarlett escaped horribly from the hospital. Chilling! Another great performance is Aline MacMahon, starring Miss Bovers, a sister. Her character is a salt of the earthly type, a kind of nurse whom we all hope will remain for our hospital, which constantly interrupts the hospital rules to show the human side of the medical profession. Loretta Yang has also done another wonderful acting, a very authentic and profoundly impressive effect like Grace. She's great in these ways, I really appreciated her more as an actress in the last few months. Glenda Farrell played her role of harsh unmarried mothers a little more than that my taste (did not he know in 1932 that a brandy from boiling water could be dangerous for the health of unborn babies?), but her the character eventually repaid. Also, the film was unrecognizable Gilbert Roland, a silent movie star, like a sad Italian wife. The time of his screen was brief, but noticeable. Life begins without interruption, try catching him sometimes at TCM, but remember to bring some hankies to cry. 9 of 10
