This is proof that Gosha is incredible film courage that he managed to finish the Hippocrates and his amazing masterpiece, Goiokin, the same year, 1969. And this is proof that it is criminally underestimated to the public (as compared to the media) as dear as the great Akira Kurosava), that Hitokiri and Goiokin received less than 500 votes between them. Shintaro Katsu is Okada Izo: a crazy dog ​​killer, devoted to Toshin's clan and their boss Takechi, played by another genre, Tatsuia Nakadai. The clan of Tose was part of a larger alliance that supported the emperor against the shogunate. The historical background is fairly accurate - with the intensification of political turmoil between imperialists and Tokugawa, and the pressure from the West to end 300-year social and political isolation. It helps a lot to know something about Japanese history and eventually led to the revival and the abolition of Tokugawa Shogun, but it is not necessary in any way. The film is made primarily for the Japanese audience, so that certain things are taken for granted, but for the unknown, it runs very well. As one could expect from the Hideo Gossa movie in his golden age (late 60's), the visual pallet takes away breath, the use of external and internal symbolism behind the pictorial beauty. The style, however, is never decorative for Gosha - he is always employed in the service of the story. Speaking of the story, Hitokiri is dominated both literally and figuratively by the tortured main character Iza Okada. Like most chamber protagonists, Izo is in a moral double bond, torn between a gyre (duty) and a ninja (a natural impulse) - although he needs time to understand what exactly his gurus are. In the first half of the film, Izo is working for social progress. The elevated aspirations of a social rank and marriage with the daughter of aristocrats - great progress for someone who comes from the origin of a farmer in a cruel social system of caste in Japan of the 19th century. The turning point for Iza is when he understands how much it costs progress, loss of identity, and consequent loss of self. It is precisely at that moment that he goes through a very symbolic transformation from the famous swordsman from Toshihon to the "unnamed" tramp without the past or the future, Torazo Vagrant. Although not technically unnamed and not a jumping genre in the Iojimb's mold, it is the loss of his previous being and the rejection of ego, ambition, and self-dullusion that allows Izu to see things as they really are and redeem themselves. The hippocampus ends (which I will not discover here) in the best way in which each story can end: both positive and negative with a deep ironic twist that Izu gives the last laugh, the last sardonic remark in the face of death.
