Hippocrates (translating roughly as "assassination"), "Tenchu", which translates roughly as "divine punishment") shows Hideo Gosh at the top of his form. Do not miss this, or another Gosh's classic, Goiokin! Hippocrates is not only one of the best Gossip movies, it is one of the best "Samurai / Chambarin" films ever made, and perhaps one of the best Japanese films ever embroidered. Be warned, all the intricate details about the land in the Hippocrates can be difficult to follow for those who are not familiar with the Japanese history of the 19th century. In spite of this, human drama is basically obvious and open to all viewers. According to the Gosha norm, Hippocrates provides another variation on their traditional theme of "loyalty to the master" versus "doing the right thing". However, Gosha develops his favorite theme with such sophistication, that it is truly a movie that can be seen (along with Goiokin, of course). I suppose it coincides with this: If you want a simpler, more story about the action, you might want to see Goiokin. However, if you want a more careful, multi-layered (though dark) drama, take a look at this. (OK, OK, basically, the historical background is the massive power between many different Samurai clans who are either (1) working on the reform, and yet retaining the Tokugawa Shogunate, and (2) those who are trying to install Emperor Meiji as the supreme ruler of Japan. Of course, these clans who work for "the" emperor Meiji were often less interested in "reforming" Japan than in securing their own clan more power in the "new world order." Ironically, the feudal system officially abolished as one of the first reforms of the Meiji government to irony - it makes the entire action even more gorky.) What distinguishes "Hippocrates" from Goshin's other films is Gošin's mature sense of cinema. Each shot is carefully composed, and (similarly to Kubrick Barry Lindon) every film can retain its own as still a composition. Of course, this is typical Gosha. Hitachi really stands out with stunning backgrounds, including (as with Goiokin) many rivets. Just watch the introductory sequence, and you're hooked! Do not make a mistake, this is not an English period: Hippocrates are extremely violent (do not say that you were not warned). The performances seem a little subtler in this. Katsu Shintaro (from Zatoichi / Hanzo the Razor fame) turns into a star as a colliding protagonist / antichero, Okada Izo. Katsu manages to enrich mankind with a character that looks almost wild animal against the villain. Through the film, you are never quite sure whether you are hired or rebelled by Okada's character. At the same time, Katsu's portrayal of Okada's starving hunger and his later pathetic redemptive attempts seem so human that you can not help but feel empathy / sympathy. Of course, after Nakadai Tatsuia played a beleaguered hero in "Goiokin", it is wonderful to see him playing such a merciless villain in "Hippocrates". He's just perfect, there's nothing more to say! As the last remark, perhaps more interesting for fans than for ordinary fans, do not miss the last look of Mishima Iukio (yes, a closed gay right-wing ultranationalist novelist who committed suicide in front of a Japanese soldier who "kidnapped "In 1970, I had a film about my life and work done by Paul Schrader, who is actually doing a pretty good job of showing honorable (for the killer) Shinbei Tanaka.
