Another Pokemon movie hit the theater, and again, I hear the same old one, "Pokemon is dead, blah blah blah." Franchise franchises can not be more wrong. Children still play card game, they still watch TV shows, waiting for Game Boi Advance, and want to see "Pokemon in the fourth movie". It said, "Pokemon 4th Movie" introduces us into two more "legendary" Pokemon: Suicune, "the northern wind" surrenders, and Celebi, the guardian of the forest (and the star of the show). Celebi is also a boy named Sam 40 years old in the future, to this day, where Pokemon trainer Ash, his faithful Pikachu, and his friends Brock and Misti travel through Johto. Sam and Ash become quick friends when they discover the mutual love of another with Pokemon (Sam's old pokeball with a twist on the top is a great moment). Together they decide to protect Celebi from the villain, a Team Rocket agent appropriately named Vicious, who is brave enough to capture Celebia for his goals. Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebs from Vicious' Dark Balls? Where does Suicune fit into the picture? Will Jessie, James and Meovth have bigger parts in this movie than before? And who's Sam, really? Like the first 3 movies, if you go into a movie and decide that you will automatically hate it, no matter what everything is simple because Pokemon (or just because Pokemon) is your child / niece / your nephew / younger brother / and so on "pulls you" into it), then you will hate him because you have decided that you want to hate him. It can be, but a blind trash "Pokemon 4th Movie" simply because it's a Pokemon movie, and especially without it, it's just stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without the need to know every detail of Pokemon. I'm not saying that you will become a Pokemon gift for this movie, but you can really enjoy it if you allow yourself. Unlike the first three Pokemon films, "Pokemon fourth" Film "is distributed by Miramak, who has heard that he is working on securing the rights to the 5th Pokemon movie, which was released last summer in Japan. Miramak argues that has an aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon 4th Movie," but all I have seen so far is a poorly-edited edition, which does not include the usual Pikachu short at the beginning, which I really asked for by this time. I hope that Miramak will be considered appropriate Put a Pikachu short film titled "Pikachu's Ecciting Hide-and-Seek", a bar m on DVD / VHS release, if not with the future release of a wider "4th Pokemon Movie." I hope that the current release only the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining movie.
