At the end of the 30s and early 40s, there was a golden age for adventure films, which was with the increase of the budget during economic recovery, changes in entertainment programs since the production code became applicable and the general careless optimism of time. While most of them were rapping about wild, superhuman and often sincere misogynistic heart attacks such as Errol Flinn and Tirone Pover, Gunga Din is very different in its focus, scope and tone. Part of the secret of Gunga Dina is the division of work in his writing. The original story is Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most capable and well-known writers of the Hollywood Golden Age. However, the real scenario was the work of Joel Saire and Fred Guiola, who especially Guiol, had a background in comedy. What we get from these four is a compliment that is well balanced and attractive, but also smartly spiced with comic touch. Most of the adventurous movements of this time were at least partly comedies, usually with one or two players who supported comic relief but did not use the laughter in the way Gunga Din works. All major characters here are capable of being objects or jokers. We see a scary danger from bad guys that suddenly sprayed as the scene melted into a carefree fight. The first major combat scene is a uniform combination of action and gags, in the style of the quiet hunters Douglas Fairbanks, an old, something that Flin's and Pover's vehicles mostly failed to repeat. By the middle of Gunga Din, the action must make a break and there are many testimonials. However, continuous breakthroughs in comedy? such as a sharp routine of drilling? In order for this "slow" part to be tolerable. Producer-director George Stevens was natural when it comes to such things, he cut his teeth at the studio of Hal Roach, and almost exclusively directed the comedy to this moment. This was his first action with a full action, and he does an amazingly good job. Especially its use of moving points of view makes the battle scene extremely exciting. It also brings something you rarely see on action pictures of this era? a feeling of real fear and fear. He sets it up with those sharp and ominous mountains that dominate many shots and blur the characters. View of the abandoned village and cult Thuggee screams "Kali!" is really being persecuted. This dimension of fear is played in all the other emotions that act here, causing them to take care of these cute characters, and to make comedy with a greater relief of tension. The real touch of genius is in the way that an eponymous hero represents the audience. We are visually familiar with Dino, because he is featured in numerous scenes before some of his characters really talk to him or speak about him verbally. That is why we get the impression that Din is not an important figure in the composition of the regiment, but he quickly becomes a significant figure for us, and decisively sympathetic, because we see him risking his life and giving water to dying people. But the best efforts of writers and directors are unsuccessful without a capable actor. Do not be afraid, because Gunga Din has a superb! Victor McLaglan and Cari Grant were perfectly adapted to the material, because their best roles were mostly in the spectrum between drama and comedy. Grant is particularly well-known at its best, largely persuasive, but only occasionally breaks into this extreme rogue who was his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not quite in line with the standard of his heavyweight ashabs, but not in any way bad. And of course, there is Sam Jaffe, cursed with his appearance to forever play these beautiful little wonders, but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity? I did not start to break the adventurous adventures of Errol Flinn and Tyrone Pover, and indeed many of their images are absolute classics that I love absolutely. But Gunga Din does things that are even the best of those who could not achieve it. Not only is it released from summer male lead or cliché-defiant girl, but successfully combines the action genre with comedy and sharpness, in a way that made little pictures before or after. And that's incredible.
