The story of the untouchable who acted as a great soldier, rescuing the lives of hundreds, if not thousands, is written in the 1939 film Gunga Din. Based on the poem Rudiard Kipling, the film was greatly directed by George Stevens and stars Cari Grant, Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Victor Mclagen. The title role is played by Sam Jaffe, known in my era as Ben Bencee, Dr Zorba, a name that has become synonymous with great, out of control. Tell 'Dr. Zorba Hair' to anyone in my generation, and they know what you are talking about. Place in India at the time of the British occupation, three soldiers - two romantic, summer faces in Grant and Fairbanks, and McLagen as a big lug - are cutouts - in reality three young men. Gunga Din is a water carrier, treated somewhat maliciously - verbally, anyway - McChesnei (McLaglen), but Cutter (Grant) loves him. When he caught Dina (pronounced Deena) while his soldier walked and greeted him while he caresses the unit during the maneuver, Kuter gives him several instructions. Happy group of musketeers will be interrupted when Ballantine (Fairbanks) announces that she will marry a beautiful young woman (Joan Fontaine) and leave the service. However, when Gunga Din and Cutter overcame Thugees, the gang leader under the leadership of guru (Eduardo Cianelli), Gunga Din is about to warn the unit, and Ballantine insists on re-engagement to save Cutter. It's still a movie about friends. "Gunga Din" begins carelessly, with a slapstick and wonderful, wide comedy, especially by Cari Grant, which is quite fun. Both he and Fairbanks are so handsome, it's hard to decide who will look first. Most of the films make huge action sequences that are very exciting. In the latter part, the story becomes very dramatic and culminates in a tense, exciting battle. Grant has the brightest role, Fairbanks is a romantic romantic, and McLaglen like McChesney, mostly because of his treatment Gunga Din is the most unusual character, although in his love for elephant Annie reveals his soft heart. His softness passes through the end of the film, especially in a very touching, teary final scene. Always a gentle and cute actor, Sam Jaffe gives a wonderful performance like Gunga Din, a simple, brave man with a big smile, powerful imagination and exalted dreams. Without much dialogue, Jaffa magnificently transmits the soul of Gunga Din. This is truly the ultimate adventure movie, massive in range, with good acting, exciting scenes, wonderful music score and some beautiful movie pictures. Another one from that exceptional year in 1939 is recommended.
