I have not known for some time in my youth anything that could ever be known about this film, but the way in which the film was shot was not what actually attracted my attention, making this film one of the most favorite films until this day which I have ever seen was from Heroism, courage and honor that served in the Service of Her Majesties. This film is not always what seems to be and it may be the way it should be, however much I can not say enough for the courage shown by Sergeant Rother in the Defense of the Uniform that he too will sacrifice his life to save from the danger of that kind they and soldiers were threatened by the appearance of this group of people. Being Safe. Cutter is the kind of individual you can say something about and then you look at this unequivocal belief not only to each other, but to her Queen of England. I think of all his lust for money and such that this figure was excellent. A brave, brave, brave soldier who did not know fear. I think Grant was excellent in this role, a really very capable act that has become remarkable for the uniform he was wearing. I never felt Ballantine was a shoe, in fact there was a lot of confidence in the assumption that it would be good not to look to close it because it's still just an image. What do I think? This picture is still just a movie and as the time in which these events take place, as well as when the picture was actually made to look at how things were at work and what or why there are so many different opinions that this film clip will distract your attention. Both Ballantine and MaChesnei are equal in their commitment to both men from time to time. It seems these three times pretty well postpone things and I believe that this is a useful, even fun interlude when Ballantine has a date with a fate or it seems to have a destiny with a fate or it will do so I do not know. I think it is very convenient when the company escaped from the claw of death in Tantrapur and dragged its tail to approach the chief when Ballantine let others know how to leave the service, and to marry and get into the tea business. Machesnei says he could Sign up for another 9 years. I do not like that feeling. I do not think there is any doubt about what it means to have courageous brave soldiers who represent your best interests. These interests are so well placed in relation to what is important in this world to enjoy this picture today as I could enjoy the picture when I was ten years old. I never knew the truth of this film until recently when I entered history and found information about Cali. There is plenty to learn, however, when everything is said and done about the historical significance of Boginja Kali, this film takes over the quality that I call intelligence. This is a very sincere attempt to convey faith in I think this is a great movie. He was directed by George Stevens. There are several things that I need to be aware that I do not think that all the information will sound with history, although the journalist Kipling can make things very emotional as all the other characters, but this is Rudard Kipling? George Stevens has crossed the top to pass the time and time before these events really happened. they will not just draw you, but you'll have to understand why we love Gunga Din so much. In the distance, Black Vatch has gone forward and is approaching the safest danger and possible defeat, unless the hull can be warned. is seriously wounded, both Ballantine and MaChesnei are restrained. The dick has a deep wound in the base of his back as a result of a bayonet pushing deep into his body from the back to the request to alert the colonel to the impending danger. With the effort worthy of our most sincere desires in this lifetime, Din slowly climbs and manages to magnify the belfry that lies at the top of the tuggee temple. The sound of Gunga Dins' horn makes it possible to approach the army. The battle is strong on the scale and the enemy has been nullified. It's such a dramatic and tightly filled place that as Gunga Din lies dead on a bunch of stones that now shows his bullet spewed body, Sgt.Cutter says a good job is a soldier. any more dramatic moment, or the one in which we know what sacrifice means when a troop is warned of the imminent danger. The end is far from being anti-climatic, it's to say who Gunga Din is and what he thinks. now respected men in uniform for which he is ready to sacrifice. Balantine knows his heart and asks the colonel to take care of his military papers, and that's why MaChesnei is quite pleased that the colonel honestly put the papers in his pocket to wear. The Colonel says where everyone now gathered that we all did enough soldiers in one long day, and further comments on how satisfied the efforts were in defense. It's a very sober moment and then it comes to Din. Now there is a man who does not have a status, so I will appoint him a kaplar and his name will be written on the rolls. our honored dead I read as if he had just written Kipling himself, standing next to the tomb with the colonel and other men. Gunga Din Bravo!
