The film was filmed in Movie Flats, not far from route 395, near Lone Pine, California, north of the road to Vhitnei Portale. You can still find stains from cement and iron beams that are plastered on the walls where the sets are laid. You will recognize the area from any movie by Randolph Scott. I will not bother with the plot, because I'm sure it's covered somewhere else. The film is played by three athletes - Fairbanks Fils, who certainly learned a lot from his dad - Grant, the acrobat in his youth - and MacLaughlin, a professional boxer from South Africa. Their physical abilities are all exposed. Not a single moment of this film should be taken seriously. It's about the Thugees, the sect in India, from where our English word is "thug". I can not go through all the luck of this film, but I should probably point out that director George Stevens was a backdrop polarized in the films Lorel and Hardy - see his choreography of the battle scenes - and continued on the endless long dissolution of Shane and Dnevnik Anne Frank. The dynasties grew and fell. Geological epochs were coming and going, while Liz Tailor and Monti Clift kissed in the "City in the Sun". Here, in his comical way of working, he stands out. This is a story of male bonding and it would be easy - too easy - to read homoerotism in it, as many people do with Hovard Havks. Or hatred for women. But that's not it at all. Sometimes the things displayed on the screen do not deserve too much attention in terms of heuristic attention. Men will form bonds by working together in ways that women do not. (Women share secrets.) Read Deborah Tannen, no one imagined antifeminists. Well, when you think about it, that's what evolution is supposed to produce. Most of human history - about nine dozen - hominids were hunters and collectors, and men tend to love and women gather. Hunting is more efficient than a team effort. Men who were not very good at binding were Darwinian, leaving men with a lot of team spirit. And Grant, Fairbanks and MacLaughlin got him in peak. I'm sorry to be dealing with evolution, but I am an anthropologist and it's a professional illness. Did I ever tell you about a horse in Vaitongi, Samoa, who slipped on the cement and fell into the tub with me? You have to watch the hooves. Joan Fontaine is wonderful, really. She met her only in her later years and wondered why she was in so many movies. I lived in Saratoga, California, where her sister, Olivia DeHavilland, grew up and went to a monastery school. Nice place. If you miss this adventurous living tragic chronicle of the British Empah at its height, you must never forgive yourself. She is thus known to be parodied in the film by Peter Suller, "The Party". Yes, the colonel must know.
