For years, I thought this comedy was a product of John Ford, especially with Victor McLaglene as one of the leading. Surely it has the same rough humor as Ford. To my surprise, I learned that it was George Stevens. However, I refuse to believe that this film was not offered to John Ford, but it was probably in the Monument to Vallei, which was made by Stagecoach. \ T sergeants in the Indian army who have a nice friend / friend / friend. But the old gang breaks down because Fairbanks is hired to marry Joan Fontaine. Not if his two friends can help, help and support him from the regimental giant Gunga Din as Sam Jaffe played. \ T. Comic tracking is so good that it does not overshadow the incredibly racist message of the film. It's not that the creators were racists, but that was the assumption that the British were involved at the time, including our tracks, and Gunga Din showed it most efficiently. there with local rulers under the weak Mogul imperator who stopped working in the middle of the 19th century. They were very few in India, it would be impossible. Their reign depended on the domestic troops you see here. Keep in mind that soldiers can not rise above the rank of Corporal, and Gunga Din is considerably lower than the status. Recognize that rebels are actually Hindu, not Muslims. There are so many tensions of this religion as there are Christian sects, and this cult of alienation was quite real. Of course, those who are strangled may not have the same view of them as liberators. But while India did not organize its independence movement, until the Congress Party was held, these people were the voice of free India. But no matter how you cut it out, people's drowning is not a good thing to do and the British have also had their point. When I watch Gunga Dina, I'm referring to Star Trek and the reason for the main directive. Cari Grant had to play his right cocktail here instead of the urban Cara we are used to seeing. Fairbanks and McLaglene agree very well with roles that are fully adapted to their personality. The best actor in the film is, however, Eduard Ciannelli as a guru, the leader of the cult of a stranger. Remember the fire and passion in his performance, he blows everything from the screen when he is on it. The passionate scene in Gunga Din is Ciannelli, who inspires his troops to his mountain temple. Pay attention to how Stevens progressively darkens the background around Cyanelli while all you see is not the eyes and teeth as a creepy Halloween mask. Persecution, scary and very effective. Immediately after the action of this film in the late nineteenth century, more and more British public began to question the basic assumptions justified by Raj. But this is the Gandhi theme. Gunga Din is still an excellent movie, fun and fun. It should be shown with A Passage to India and Gandhi and you can show how it evolved the Indian independence movement.
