Three friends, commanders in the British army, walk and quarrel over Imperial India. Intensely loyal to each other, they encounter their greatest and deadliest challenge when they come to the revival of the disgusting cult and its crazy, irrepressible guru. Now they have to rely on the lowest servant of the regiment, the aquifer GUNGA DIN, to save dozens of royal soldiers from a certain massacre. Based on the Three Musketeers rather than on Kipling's classic song, this is a wonderful adventure epic - worthy entry into Golden Hollywood in 1939. Filled with uncertainty and humor, while keeping romantic interludes at the lowest level, it captures the interest of the viewer and holds it to a (sentimental) conclusion. It's virtually useless to talk about the performance of three stars, Cari Grant, Victor McLaglen & Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Because in fact all the thirds of an organism are inseparable and, in any case, for purposes that can not be distinguished. However, it does not diminish anything from a great party just by looking at them as having a great time. (It is interesting to note that McLagland boasted of a prominent military career in World War I, the British World War II record - mostly in secret jobs and earning no less than 4 honorable chivalry after the conflict, while Grant allegedly working under the guise of the British intelligence service, taking care of the Hollywood Nazi sympathizers.) Real acting lovers here should go Sam Jaffe, heartbreaking in the title role. He brings a modest man into great dignity and immense courage, making the last line of Kipling's song true. He's unforgettable. Montague Love is tidy as a major regiment, while Eduardo Ciannelli is evil Incarnated as a Thuggee guru. The rest of the actors, Joan Fontaine, Robert Coote, Lumsden Hare, are efficient, but they have little business. The films will be recognized by Cecil Kellavai in the intricate role of Miss Fontaine's father. Film chooses villains. The Thuggee Demonic cult, admirers of the terrible, bloody soaked Kali, the Hindu goddess of destruction, was the curse of Indian life for six centuries, a ritualist slaughter of up to 30,000 victims a year. In 1840 the British army, in cooperation with a number of princely states, managed to finally suppress religion. From now on, it would remain in novels and nightmares.
