Anyone who has a young boy in a house that does not watch black and white films should put this on their TV. When a child passes, wondering what is on the screen, tell him that this is an image for adults and that he is not yet large enough to watch it. It will keep it for a few minutes; Director George Stivens and his team will keep him to the end. I think my dad did it to me, anyway, and I'm a better man for it. This classic adventurous yarn, set up in India during the British occupation, has three military sergeants who consider that their firm community faces dissolution while preparing to marry their mistress. The aid comes in the form of a vicious Thuggie riot that soldiers found unified. "Gunga Din" was one of the great movies that came out of the most beautiful Hollywood year of 1939. Even more than most great films from this Golden Year, they are entertaining in a very direct and affordable way. The theme of music is the current humorous nirvana. While filmed in California, the camera works (the only thing in "Gunga Din" that won an Oscar nomination) has a great wind that seems like a rag from a hundred years earlier. The battle scenes are shot in a very realistic way, not too violent, but very messy as people fall and shoot and run in every corner of each frame in a way that feels real, and not set up like the Biblical Cecil Bake Festival. DeMille. Br /> The scenario does not only set the action scene, but also develops the relationship of three sergeants with a large number of humor. The main focus is on Sgt. Cutter, chasing high stories of golden goods. It's a rare shareholder for Cari Grant, and his ease is just about a movie that is never taken seriously even when it develops a tense uncertainty. Anchoring trio is Sgt. MacChesnei (Victor McLaglen), who adores her elephant Annie and tries to protect Cutter from his own plans. He is also fun in his own way, leaving Sgt. Ballantine (Douglas Fairbanks Jr., Showing something nice Errol Flinnish dash) as one with a love interest and strong enough to know he needs to stab his boyfriends and grow up. If "Gunga Din" was a life movie, it would be about the efforts of Joan Fontaine to save his man from his two friends of losers and their skulls in order to break up hyunks. But since it's a movie about the guys, the emphasis is on how the three must stay together and save Ballantine from the fate of death, not just marriage, but also because Cutter cries a few times with discomfort. Police for political correctness is strict on this film, not so much for gender issues, but for the idea that British soldiers will save the poor Indians from evil Thuggies. She exudes colonial apology. Luckily, this film was created when the producers did not feel the need to present obvious liberalism in the heart of the film, that these three sergeants, so full of shame and false racial pride, must be preserved along with the rest of their army by a humble bhis who is only one of these three had time to seek their approval. After all, for all their incredible fame, the real victim of the film includes the title character, who played so warmly from Sam Jaffe. When the film was filmed, movie mogul Jack Varner said: You want to send a message, use the West Union. Nevertheless, it seems that the messages flew quickly and fiercely in Gunga Din. I'm watching the movie now and wondering if the audience was supposed to ask what Gunga Din actually did, when he took Cutter into the golden temple. Did he really plan a revenge against his British rulers? Would that be justified, especially if one took into account that MacChesnei was cold at work with him? When Colonel Veed delivered that hymn, the song of Rudiard Kipling, on which the film was loosely based, was it nodding in the direction of the craziness of imperialism, to oversee someone who proved the "better man than I" to the end? What they did from Guru's great speech, which was done in perfect English: "You swore as soldiers to die for the faith, which is your country, England. Well, I can die for my country and my faith as ready as you .. India, forgive. Of course, the same character also directs its brutal followers: "Kill for love killing!" Kill for love, Kali! Kill! Kill! Kill! Which means we are allowed to hate him and rebuke him for the British, and to preserve the questions about what this means for later. What I "Gunga Din" means, first of all, is the fastest. , the safest 90-minute ride on the video. The Cutter never found its golden temple, but there is one for everyone watching "Gunga Din".
