I would like to give this movie 10/10, but in the current state I can only go to the top 8/10. Post-Code editing (reading: destruction) of this film guarantees a 2-point defect. From my very limited knowledge of the history of the film, Babi Face was obviously one of the two films that finally broke the camel. back and brought a full frenzy and application of the Production Code to the game in 1934. (I do not know what the other film was.) As a result, the film in its original incarnation was never allowed to be reissued after 1934. It was chopped and mounted on bits, and no original version is known today. The best we can see today is the version shown by TCM (Turner Classic Movies), but it's obviously arranged in several scenes, and has a really disappointing "lucky ending" that sneaked in the end. All of the above, the movie is still quite fun to watch. Barbara Stanvick, as always, is incredible and beautiful. She is so beautiful and powerful; she's just the owner of the whole movie! She plays a woman that men have used throughout her life, starting with her father who took her to local Erie, workers in the steel industry, as well as local politicians at kuid pro kuo if you do not close my Speakeasi I will let you sleep with my daughter. When a father dies in a fire explosion close to the beginning of the film, a smile on Stanley's face is invaluable. After the fire, Stanvick leaves Erie with her and goes to New York. She sets her eyes on the skyscraper and begins literally to break through to the top. Starting with Human Resource Officer, she sleeps with him to get her initial position in the bank. From there, she sleeps with a man after a man after a man (including one very young John Wayne) using every new man to help her better pay the job on the higher floor of the skyscraper, with the ever-stronger male suede bosses. Stanvick does not stop at anything in his ascent to the top. It's very fun to see her and her maid in all the nicer clothes and apartments while Stanwick is advancing toward the corporate ladder. Stanvick is the ultimate femme fatale, who manipulates, she is a fox in this movie! If you are watching this movie, I recommend stopping when you see that the character of Courtland Trenholm dies in Stanivik's hands. Skip the remaining 3 minutes. The "happy ending" that slammed the end of the movie for the audience after the code has offended the audience's intelligence and is incredible: members of the board of directors sit at a table talking about the donation of Mr. and Mrs. Trenholm a million dollars of the bank and how they live happily but poorly in Erie, with former VP Trenholom now working in steelmakers - cut to the same image of the steel we saw at the beginning of the film - "End". PUH-LEEZE - HOW LAME! The film originally ended with George Brent in a suicide attempt. I think the ending fits into the general mood of the film much better than the stunned post-code completion. I certainly hope that the original version of this movie has been detected during my lifetime (update: the original was found and should be on DVD and / or TCM 2006!). Until then, I will enjoy the TCM version and turn it off before completing the encryption.
