This is one of the bravest and most important so-called pre-code films made in Hollywood in the 1930s. Unlike some pre-code films that occasionally deal with topics that would never be allowed after 1934-5, this film plunged into a very dirty and entertaining story from start to finish. The conventional morality of the late 30s and 40s was definitely not visible in this film, because the film is basically a submerged woman sleeping to the top - and without an apology on the way. This "wide" and enjoyed sex and used it with every man who could help her get rich - something you'd never see in movies filmed just two or three years later. The film starts with Barbara Stanvick working in his father's speakeas. In addition to being her boss, he is also her pimp and encourages her to sleep with a local government official to allow the illegal bar to function impunity. Although not particularly clear here, Dad seems to have been "renting out" his daughter's body for a long time. However, after being almost raped and attacking this man breaking the bottle of beer His skull, Barbara had enough and went to the big city. She does not hurt the fact that she has still exploded and killed her father, but her sense of being hooked herself and having nothing to show seems to have been an incentive to move. In spite of depression, Barbara uses sex to hire in a huge mega-bank. She begins with a fairly obedient job as a document officer, but in a space that looks like a couple of weeks, she sleeps from one to another job to the other - until she sleeps with the bank chief and his future son-in-law !!! All this ends with a tragedy, but Babs does not seem too shy about the deaths of these two men. In fact, sometime later, she is able to get into the life of a new CEO and is at the top again (perhaps in many ways). Now it's a wonderful movie so far, because it was so big and frivolous. Barbara played 100% sociopaths - a woman without morale and without conscience - just wanting to push her out of life as much as she could, regardless of who was hurt in that process. But courageous writers and producers were "scared" and felt it was important to finish at the redemption end. Given that this woman was so evil and crushed, her heart's change was in the end a great disappointment and a powerful seizure of the film. This has reminded me in many ways of ending JEZEBEL - as again, an evil person somehow "sees the light" and changes to a not convincing conclusion. My advice is to try to watch RED-HEADED VOMAN and DOVNSTAIRS. RED-HEADED VOMAN is very similar to BABI FACE, but ultimately there is no magical transformation - the leading lady is really skunk deep! In DOVNSTAIRS, a film that is very similar to RED-WEDDING WOMEN, the roles are inverted, and the man (John Gilbert) plays a similar, subtler character. Both are classic and a bit better than this movie. This film is an amazing curiosity of the short period of often ultra-sleek Hollywood movies and in this light it is worth visiting the Cinephiles. Also, the Duke fans take into account - John Vaine plays a very small part in the movie and it's very unusual to see a very young Vaine playing such a conventional role.
