The melodrama of director Alfred Green's "Babi Face" with Barbara Stanvick is one of the pre-premiere notorious films. These films were produced before the Codex Production Administration had the authority to enforce its rules in 1934. Scenario "Inspiration" Gene Marchey and writer "Midnight Mari" Kathrin Scola wrote a screenplay, based on the story of Mark Canfield, about the rise and fall of a girl who used her sexual charms to gain wealth and position in society. Otherwise, Mark Kanfield was a pseudonym for producer Daril F. Zanuck. These pre-code films now look pitiable, but they caused controversies in abundance and contained much better quality material than most films until the late 1950s when the Codex began to disappear. The topics researched by film researchers are women against men, women versus women and women in relation to society. Our crafty protagonist has enough skulduggers that all the themes are equal. Lilith's worthless father Nick Povers (Robert Barrett of "Distant Drums") manages the illegal spy bar during the ban, when thirteen amendments banned the drink, and cooked his own drink at the back. Nick is like a disgusting guy who pulls out his beautiful but worthy daughter Lili (Barbara Stanvick from "Night Nurse"), but Lili refuses to help her father with a fake local politician. Politician. Ed Sipple (Arthur Hohl of Private Detective 62) promises to avenge himself for Lil's refusal to accept him. Later, Nick walks his rebellious daughter. Lily complains. "Yes, I am a rogue and who is to blame? My father, you started to give me a great start, only men, dirty, rotten men, and you are lower than any of them." Only after running, Nick dies when he continues to blow him up and kills him. Lily and her Afro-American servant Chico (Theresa Harris of Arrowsmith) pack their bags and drive the first burden that leaves the city. Only after our heroines arrived in Nev Iork but Lily uses her charm to get a job at the bank. Visually, the director Green shows Lilith a brisk rise with ladders moving upward while Lil's sexuality is not threatening to destroy the bank. At one point, Lily broke off a marriage between a banking officer, Don Stevens (Donald Cook of The Public Enemi) and his fiancée, Anne Carter (Margaret Lindsai of "Cavalcade") after Stevens almost fired her for flirting with her boss , Brody (Douglas Dumbrille of "His Wives") in the West for employees. Lily is extremely clever and able to get out of every debut better than before. The Board of Directors hires Courtland Trenholma (George Bent of "Jezebel") to take over as president of the bank. Trenholm's first thing is to pay Lily instead of publishing her diary records of the bank's successes. Moreover, Trenholm ships Lili goes to their office in Paris, where Lily does not create any clutter until Trenholm is arriving and they become romantically connected. Lily fights with teeth and nails for everything she has received and hates to throw it all away, but sacrifices everything at the end for her husband. Ironically, Lily turns back to the same city where she is. It started, but Trenholm and they are now happy. "Babi Face" qualifies as one of the five best pre-code films. Look for John Wayne dressed in a suit and a tie in one scene.
