Running from the life of a pimped by her father (.. and speakeas waitresses) who are dying in an explosion, Lily Povers (Barbara Stanvick, who is simply ecstatic) goes through branches in a bank in the great city of Gotham. When a possessive lover kills who should have been his next father-in-law (and Lil's new mistress), the sky is the boundary for Lilly because she wrote down her various relationships in the diary and subtlety shows that she will receive the newspaper if some wages do not come in her hands. Newly-appointed bank president, Courtland Trenholm (George Brent), sends Lily to Paris instead of breaking through a lot of dough, but soon he crazy falls in love with various meetings with her in the City of Love. This makes Lilin the water in her mouth as she has now reached the pedestal of success that seduces a man of wealth and prestige that brings her wealth. However, the circumstances that led her to a decision that jeopardizes her successful way of achieving these assets came, ... Trenholm, now her husband, was charged with imprisonment and lost the bank. He needs the money that Lily is now in possession of, or he will have absolutely nothing. Stanvick is a full movie despite the usual appearance of Varner Brothers. Setting up in the pre-code era gives the filmmaker the opportunity to elaborate taboo topics such as women who use sex to achieve success and how this can lead to tragedy. The good direction of Alfredo E Greene shows through subtle suggestions in various manners and speech through good action from the seductive performance of Stanvic to make something happen without actually showing an explicit act. It is obvious that the film shows that money is not all and that this jazz as love comes to the heart of Lil's dead heart. This region that Lili had achieved with a marvelous metamorphosis did not ring me in someone's lover. She spent all this time coming to this platform just to fall for a man who is essentially different from the ones she used before him.
