A preliminary version of "Babies Face" from 1933 would be an ideal introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Mentorized by the Nietzschean professor, Lili Povers rises from the life of a comfortable virtue following his father's call to the rapid rise in the corporate ladder in a large bank. Since every step of the scale is executive power with the brain under the belt and its ethics locked in the vault, the film has no casualties except for Lila's childhood, which was destroyed by the abusive exploitative father. A devastating relationship with her father points to Lilin's hidden motive for people to use them for promotion regardless of their fate. While Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach, men who aim to voluntarily betray women and fiancés to trade in sex services. Perhaps the collapse of banks in the thirties was less credible to the economy than to morally corrupt executives who were hindered by ambitious women. The action takes place quickly, and the camera is fun moving from window to window on the facade of a business building. as Lily climbs more and more. Barbara Stanvick enjoyed heavy, bumpy roles, and she is in top form. The feeling is not imposed when it is ready to climb to the next bar. Only her Afro-American confidante, Chico, receives Lil's affection, trust and loyalty. In enlightened times, the fresh natural beauty of Tereza Harris, who plays Chika, would throw men at her fur and penthouse. Stanwick often seems overly fictitious and stiffly stiff in relation to Harris. However, in spite of Stanley's harsh behavior, apparent tactics and artificial vision, he succeeds in leaving the trail of deceived and misled men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cooke and young John Vaine. The preferred version of "Babi Face" is the 76-minute restored cut. The edited version of the film release shyly shifts from hard facts, which longer returns the crop and makes it explicit. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under the assumed name, intended to give a lesson by quoting Nietszche, whose attitudes about women were controversial. However, despite the lectures and advice of Alphonse Etière not to be defeated by life, Lili's power and money credi- tion probably owes more to her upbringing and father than to her professor's mentor. However, philosophy is just a distraction. Short, fast and fun, "Babi Face" is contemporary in its morality like "Vall Street". Deputy Gordon Gecko for Nietszche, and Lily could declare his philosophy of guiding that "greed is good".
