BABI FACE is one of the best "forgotten" pre-code films. Last night was shown after the version of VATERLOO BRIDGE 1931 at TURNER CLASSIC NETWORK, so I was able to watch the movie because now with four plus minutes of it has been restored. Stanvick lives in East St. Louis (where she may have known drunken parents "Mira" - Mae Clarke - at VATERLOO BRIDGE). Her father is Robert Barrett. She lived with him since the death of her mother and (in a renewed dialogue) has been reduced to her since she was 14 years old. She is now a regular waitress and part-time slut in her speech, her closest friend is Theresa Harris, an African-American servant whom Barret holds in the violence. This is one of two good points of Stanley's personality that she constantly defends from her father about Harris, threatening to leave if Harris is dismissed (and since they are rude workers like Nat Pendleton, who enjoy Stanvick's service, and not Barrett must respect her). One type that comes regularly to Speakeas, whom Stanvick likes is a shoe and intellectual Adolf Cragg (Alphonse Ethier), who sees the huge potential in a spiritual girlfriend if she just leaves her abandoned home. He also encourages the philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche and the idea of ​​the will for power. More about this later. After throwing out a local political whore (Arthur Hohl), and battling with Barrett about it, another explosion kills Barrett and allows Stanwick to leave his hometown. She and Harris went to New York, managed to get free transport by rail freight by sleeping with chariot (James Murrai). They arrive to New York, and after a walk they see the Gotham Trust Compani (founded in 1873), and a friendly guard tells her where the staff is. Slowly we see Stanvick ascend on the corporate ladder at the top, similar (but sleazier) than Robert Morse dies in HOW TO SUCCESS IN BUSINESS WITHOUT REAL PROBLEMS. But Morse was a man in a society dominated by a man. Stanvick knows that her sexual attraction is her weapon. It passes through John Wayne, Daglas Dumbril (part of the film that I've always felt as the most shocking - just strange enough - when I watched it), Douglas Wood, Henry Colker and finally George Brent. Each ends up falling on it, or is pushed out when it is no longer useful or destroyed by it. Brent, the new president of the Bank whose grandfather he founded, eventually marries - and the film crisis is when the economic situation of the bank shakes (especially after Brent buys jewelry and gives valuable bonds). Brent is indicted. Will he hold onto him? SPOILER comes in: One thing about these films that is not recognized is that the theatrical and moral conventions of that time still dictate the endings. The original ending Stanvick boarded the boat to leave Brent for his fate, but realizing that she could not do it, she returned to their house, and discovered that he had been killed. Drive with him to the hospital as he finishes. Now, before the re-discovered tapes were found, the film ended by apparently dropping out of its money to the bank to preserve it and retreating back to the eastern St. Louis, to live happily if they are poor. None of them are good endings. Stanvick should continue with his destructive course, while Brent is the last of her victims. But even without Breen's office script writers (one by Darril Zanuck, by the way) felt that she needed to find a moral center. She has no one - at least none for powerful people (which she hates). I do not think the audience with depression would tolerate this conclusion. There are other problems, due to changing styles of public opinion and change in society. It was a male world in the corporate world in 1933, so Stanvick gave her a job. Vood (when he will be fired for indiscretion with him) admits he did not want her to work. But in 2006, Stanvick would find a woman everywhere. In the film, there are nasty, malicious remarks (apparently some based on jealousy) toward Stanwick from other secretaries and women employees at its rapid rise. In 2006, she would often face superiors, and she would quickly find them on her feet. Of course, if she finds one or two lesbians, she might try this path, but she's suspicious. And he does not seem to meet any gay guy. They have gai men in business who do not want to care for her legs or breasts. Then there is her mentor, Mr. Cragg. Cragg has been transformed into a bowling version in an effort to force her to seek a moral center. In reality he pushes Nieztsche, but the way (in a wider sense) the Nazis pushed Nieztsche - they found the way to power and pushed him. While Nieztsche sometimes exerted power, it was not all the theories that were all and the end. Otherwise, nobody would read him at college courses today. The rock is obviously self-educated, but only semi-educated. In short, if someone who thoroughly studied Nieztsche confronted Cragg, he would have seemed to be a semi-educated fool. And this is Stanley's mentor! Good movie, and for a day worth 10 ... but seriously flawed.
