This is considered a key Pre-Code movie ?? from the director who later recorded the music biography THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the paranoid science fiction INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! ?? and has one of the best early roles of Barbara Stanvick. It is supported by fine acting that includes popular actors and respected character performers on that day? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point addressing Stanley's titular nickname, derived from a popular song that is constantly heard) in the first category, and in the second, Robert Barrét (like Stanley's father), Donald Cook (as the most tragic conqueror), Alphonse Ethier (as an older mentor about this later), Arthur Hohl (as a disgruntled politician) and Henry Colker (as Cook's boss and father-in-law Stanvick also seduces). Interestingly, the scenes in which Valter Brennan appeared after that on his request was erased when the film was in trouble with censors! Sprinkled with cracking ie. Typically hard dialogue and the realistic sets of Anton Grot, the narrative contains the unexpected clues of the Nietzschean philosophy fed by our heroine from a small city by the intellectual etiquer (Stanvick soon complains that she is not a "fireball" which, of course, contradicts her later comedy? Starring Gary Cooper from that name!). Under Etien's patronage, she quickly flashes in an essentially soulless character, decisive that she will not stand anything on her way to success; a symbolic representation of its rise in a New York firm with which it eventually recruits is reminiscent of a similarly anarchic one? in connection with the ambitious desire of statesman for power ?? in October (1927) Sergei Eisenstein! Sociologically speaking, it is also interesting that Stanvick was constantly seen pulling his neck for his black maid / companion. The first two thirds of the film are simply brilliant; In the beginning, I discovered that the last stages are somewhat disappointing? because I expected Stanvick to get his compensation by falling behind the character of George Brent, who was late, but ignored, but, just like others, she will soon be under her magic! On the other hand, however, this aspect felt less disturbing? as it is obvious that Stanwick was hit by two deaths that caused her selfish behavior, and that her mandate in Paris had been softened (even if she tried to keep her hard-earned wealth as long as possible). /> Posted on DVD by Varners as part of their FORBIDDEN Hollivood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION, the film is featured in two strikingly different editions? the recently-discovered Pre-Release version and the Theatrical Release print tamer. Among the significant footage cut out of the last one is the Stanley's life-like conversation as a rogue 14-year-old (although it is heard in the accompanying trailer!), While many other scenes are shortened (ie Censored for Content): a violent phistic which is develops between Stanvic and Hohl after resisting his progress; seduction on the wagon; the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised by Stanley Cook's; shooting, followed by suicide (in a shorter version, only shots are heard); Stanvick is contemplating his conquests as the phonograph plays (again, only Brent appears in the version published for theaters), etc. Last, then, does it use alternative tapes for some scenes? and includes the establishment of a snapshot of a city that is missing in a longer version; however, we also get an obviously happy ending (the pre-release version ends with a very effective open note) and an equally inconceivable warning letter sent by Ethier to Stanvick in New York, which basically has the function of replacing all references to Nietzsche!
