"Babi Face" is a pre-melodrama starring Barbara Stanvick, an almost unrecognizable George Brent, and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to town to be good ... or to say it's time. Stanley's father underused her for one reason or another in her life in dirty, depressing, dirty Erie, Pennsylvania. After her father dies, an elderly father who knows what he has gone through and really worries about his future advises her to go to the big city and take advantage of the opportunities there - and not that easy - and get on the road to life. (Note that I've seen a censored version, not uncircumcised - this part of the movie is processed for censors.) She and Chico (Harris) go to New York where Lili (nickname: Babi Face) decides that the low path is much easier and better is where it wants to go much faster. At the most famous scene of the film, the camera moves us on a corporate ladder leading us from floor to floor while Lily sleeps to the top. Finally, she captured the big man and managed to break her day. The troubles followed, and she was soon involved in a big scandal. Stanvick wears a lot of makeup and for most of the movies she is cool as a cucumber because she seduces one man after another without regret, and she is great at playing the innocent victim. In one scene, she sits looking at the king's ransom in jewels while wearing a black dress that seems to be decorated with diamonds on top. Then he asks Chika for another case, and this is filled with more jewelry, plus securities. All in one day. Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be restrained or glamorous, and she was also a talented singer and dancer. Here, she sings or sings the subject of the film "St. Louis Voman". She literally worked on dozens of films and is very good here as a friend of Stanvick, the best that she did in the pre-crisis era. As a bizarre by-product of the code, black people were often less necessary to work in films after they had set it up. Movies with ancestry can be sexually obvious and hence, although they are 70+ years old, they look more modern. Although these films did not have moral endings, Babi Face teaches her lessons - how is it anyway life? There were several endings of this film, all with the same message. The one I saw had an additional scene, but it looks like there were two more endings that did not pass the censors. (There was no code, but there were always censors.) Anyway, it's a neat surprise. "Babi Face" is an important movie in the history of the film - it must be seen.
