Although we know how the story ends, this is a rugged film played on the wall and played almost as a political thriller. During a pre-storm peace, we are confronted with Hugo Chavez as a charismatic, more than life-threatening man who has an inextricable link with cities that account for 80% of the population, but were previously excluded from the Venezuelan political process and its oil wealth. He seems to be as dedicated to them as they did to him. He travels the country at a paced pace, reaching for campers, addressing huge crowds, clapping and kissing ordinary people, accepting letters on paper, and listening to requests for help. People are excited that one of them came to the highest office in the country. There is an electrical sense of hope and optimism that changes for the better come to the bubbling bars. But not everyone is happy with the situation. The pure blood Castilian elite, which is a small minority, but has previously controlled all its wealth, is full of bitterness and anger. One of the most unusual funny moments in the movie is when Ann Coulter, at a meeting of residents in an exclusive community, complains about places, "they do not have the concept of a fight or a victim." A few minutes later, the speaker tells the meeting that they are "guarded from your local servants - they can be Chavez's supporters." Ghost! Of course they are. In late night interviews with the film crew, Chavez reveals something from his soul while telling the story of his grandfather. He can be a sensitive, poetic person, though with a humorous, even clownish sense of humor (as we saw when he addressed the UN and called Bush a devil.) Then the storm began to collect. force as the shock organizers call for mass protests and cynically manipulate their fans in changing the route at the last minute and marching to the presidential palace, knowing it is surrounded by Chavez's supporters and violence is inevitable. Another element of the plot falls into place while snipers on roofs are beginning to shoot at Chavez's supporters, some of whom are returning. The local equivalent of Fok Nevs shows this return fire and claims that Chavez's supporters are massacring demonstrators. Then the camera retreats and reveals that there are no demonstrators - the street is empty! Demonstrators started a different route. Needless to say, the recordings of the empty streets were arranged by angry anti-Chavez private TV stations (broadcasting a constant barrage of propaganda that Chavez called the mentally ill and sexually fixed on Fidel Castro). the leaders and their media propaganda masters openly praised on television about how they manipulated the situation with a ruthless disregard for the lives of supporters and opponents. Film makers are still at the heart of this chaotic, rapidly changing situation as the military strike hits the palace and threatens to bomb it. Chavez eventually surrenders to avoid bloodshed, but refuses to resign and take him to an offshore island where the plane is waiting to take him - where? United States? How can the remaining members of the government avoid the arrest and defeat of this heavily armed conspiracy of right-wing generals and ultra-wealthy businessmen closely linked to the Bush administration? Watch the movie and find out! If your only knowledge of Hughes Chavez and Venezuela from the American media, then you do not know anything. He is not an "unelected tyrant" and does not "rule by decree" - he is extremely popular, being elected and re-elected several times with over 60% of the vote (something George Bush Juniors never achieved) and loyalty inspired ordinary people in Venezuela , which is ultimately the reason why the strike failed. This is a remarkable movie about the extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation. The skill of filmmakers is unobtrusive and allows the story to unfold through the voices of Venezuela at every level, from bari to presidential palace, turbulent scenes, chaos and confusion from which a coherent whole that is tense, rivet appears. and it moves. Do not miss it!
