It's really rare to get an internal view of media fraud that has been so widely reported as an official "truth" and caught so many "news" agencies with lowered pants. This film, in my opinion, deserves every price in journalism - it is objective (yes!), Courageous and real "delay." Without comments, fake scenes or leading questions - anyone, including Caveza, can equally be fooled by their own words. Film makers just "need" to track events and keep their cameras on the go. The Venezuelan elite teaches us "How to give up the president and sell him as a victory of democracy". It's unbelievable that they eventually lost - until now. As far as I know, the biggest TV station involved is just abolishing its land permit, still broadcasting via cable and satellite. I highly doubt that George V. or Barack Obama to be tolerant after a coup attempt. But then, they do not have to worry. The fact that "Chavez fans fired on innocent civilians" so willingly repeated throughout the world reveals how pristine the so-called. the media really became, or have always been, just the way. An important lesson to anyone who is interested in what is really happening in the world. The famous challenge of "objectivity" always arises when journalists dare to oppose mainstream thinking or discover undesirable facts that accuse us "- it is true with the effects of the atomic bomb, the American secret history of spreading" democracy "throughout the world or the war in Iraq, which, according to John Hopkins, has killed 1.3 million Iraqs so far, not to mention the 60,000 Afghans (2003) who are never mentioned. To be objective, Saddam Hussein was less harmful to his people than the US. The United States is ready and willing to be harmful to Iran. I am very interested in the upcoming trial of some Red Khmer leaders before the International Court of Justice in The Hague, whether there will be a mention of "our" participation in the support and training of Half-guerrilla guerrillas in the 80s, when they are in large measured by the Vietnamese. Probably not. More and more reasons to contact independent media for balance, if not fraud.
