One of the best documentaries published in recent years. Some points ... 1. Hugo Chavez was elected President of Venezuela in 1998, and his support comes mainly from the poorer Venezuela regions. 2. In 2002, the coup was abolished by the Chavez. At the time, Irish film directors Kim Bartlei and Donnach O'Briain were in Caracas and filmed a documentary on Chavez for British television. Their film deconstructs the coup and its consequences, and charging records a history that takes place on-site, outside and within the presidential palace. 3. Chavez was aimed at freeing Venezuela from a free-market policy imposed by the United States. Although Venezuelan oil was already state-owned, the leaders Chavez wanted to replace had been launched for private gain. 4. Although it is the fourth world oil supplier, Venezuela remains enslaved by poverty, and its resources are literally sucked by foreign multinational corporations. 5. The documentary begins with the introduction of Chavez's years as president before the coup. It focuses on its popularity among the poor, and its various policies that have become popular among the local working class population (educational plans, distribution of oil revenues, basic democracy, etc.). Chavez was a great advocate of education and printed thousands of copies of the Venezuelan Constitution, encouraging children and adults to study and understand. 7. When Chavez came to power, he immediately promised to reallocate the profit of oil. That, understandably, made the oil companies nervous. 8. Media War broke out. Six private TV stations immediately began to oppose the state TV station. They examined Chavez's motives, common sense and sexual orientation. 9. Without media support, the coup would not be successful. The film clearly shows that government strikes rely heavily on the media to spread information and that these news can easily be invented. 10. Under the mask of "re-establishing democracy," the opposition silenced the state-run TV station, disbanded the National Election Board, the Supreme Court, the National Assembly, and took control of the army. 11. Cash interests, supported by the military elite (prompted by the US and the CIA), organized a march of citizens at the presidential palace to make the coup. The snipers fired on Cavaco's supporters, but private media outlets were editing footage and it seemed that the return fire was aimed at an opposition march that was actually safely diverted. 12. The police went on a shootout against Chavez's supporters, additionally bleeding the streets. 13. Chavez, who was captured, refused to resign. Of course, the media / government lied, saying it had resigned, but Chavez members shared the truth with the international community, who finally received a message in Venezuela via cable television. 14. People stood up, pressuring the return of the president they chose, whom only a referendum could constitutionally replace. 8.9 / 10 - In a little over an hour this document is too short. Nevertheless, this is amazing journalism and deals with the form of "media warfare" that is rarely touched. It makes an excellent piece for the "Battle for Algeria". Worth one look.
