I will review 2 films as a whole, because I feel that this is the way to be considered and watched. When I talk about a movie, I'm talking about Parts 1 and 2 together when looking at one another, as they should be. Thank you Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Toro. br /> This film is a refreshing, brave, honest and true movie. And this is a new style of film creativity. No Fauk drama. No Svelling sound track. Not Fauk Documentary style. Only clean recordings and an attempt to stick to the fact. I read "Che Guevara: The Revolutionary Life" of Jon Anderson and recently completed the biography of Fidel's car, which helped me to absorb this film correctly. But I must say that this is Jon Anderson's exhaustive, pretentious and wonderful biography that gave this film a real historical bone. Anderson was a consultant for this film (or these two films). What makes this film true is that it's clean. There is no music blustering or slowed down photography to amplify the drama, and more importantly; there is no fake documentary trembling camera. Just square footage and real shooting forwards. The type of camera that's used makes you feel right there in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should be given full honors for this, I never doubted him as Che during the film ... not once. He did a wonderful job and I will respect him forever. Some people complain that the film deals with only two parts of his life, not a whole. But I think this is one of the really nice aspects of this film: it does not try to be everything. She does not try to "tell the story". The life of one man is too multiple to try to say in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beauty of this film, it opposes this temptation and remains focused on the intention to allow us to get the feeling for the HE, its developmental militaristic mind and its forces around it. It focuses on three parts of time: the Battle of Throwing the Batista, Cheov's American Speech and preparing the Gorilla in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diaries" already told his side of the boy, and I applaud S. Soderbergh focuses on other aspects. I'm constantly talking about John Anderson's book and the film remains true. The only weak connection for me is Matt Damon's casting (not performance). In a film so full of real performances, the American (Matt Damon) who played Bolivia's staggering stretching - he works well, but after so much worry in casting, this was too much. Small and completely forgiven. The reality that gives you the rest of the casting, and especially Benicio Del Toro's amazing work, puts this movie on top of my list. The fact that this film went almost straight to the video says something about the ethics of the Cold War, which would never allow 'revolutionary Cuba' to become what it might have, is still in action, keeping the story calm. If not from secret dampening, then from the effects of correctly propaganda that prejudiced this topic. This is a movie that must be seen, and John Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" must be read out if you want to begin to grasp the early effects of the global mind on the spread of international / political financial chess moves 40 The 50s and 60s who set an unjust pressure on our South American neighbors, and it has nourished the effects.
