Probably the most brilliant thing about Cheu: The second part, when we begin to integrate it with the first part in our minds, is that there is no explanation why Che chose to confidentially escape Cuba after the revolution, without an allusion to his experience in the Congo, there is no explanation why he chose Bolivia, as its post-mortem event institution, has no allusion to the political decisions it has made as a young motorcycle motorcycle across South America, which Valter Salles has given familiarity with. An extraordinary focus is on the Chea meeting with volunteers who follow his guerrilla faction. However, it is hardly any attempt to isolate itself as individuals, in order to establish relationships. He is reasonably unreasonable. Che leads one inexorable doctrine to not leave the wounded man. But there is no feeling that he is deeply interested in his people. That's the concept. In the first part, in Cuba, insurgents greet people from the village, get food and cover, backed up in what is growing as a victorious revolution. There is not much understanding here in Bolivia, apparently. Villagers expose him. They protect government troops, not his. When exposing the unilaterality of the government's medical system, his audience seems uninterested. You can not lead the people into a revolution if they do not want to comply. Soderbergh shows that US military advisers work with the Bolivians, but do not blame the United States for Che's fall. He seems to have just made a mistake in his fight and where he wanted to have him. In displaying both wars, Soderbergh does not build his combat scene as action with certain results. Checks of people attack and attack. They exchange fire with distant attackers. In general, there was a decrease in the number of strikes in the group, whose number was not stopped. This is not a war movie. It's about the reasonably unreasonable tendency of one man to endure. There is no complex cinema. Soderbergh looks firmly at Chel's intrepid dedication. There are incredible sporadic visceral shots, but since they are few, they are even more powerful, such as Cheov's POV recording during the last rhythms. There are plenty of terrain where these people live for weeks at the same time, and the overall effect is weak, Guevara has a malaria part of the time. Benicio Del Toro, a film producer, gives a champion performance, not only because it's modest. Not shown as a blade like most epic heroes. In Cuba, he appears in conquest, in Bolivia, he falls to the opposite side, and sometimes it is difficult to distinguish between beard and hair. Del Toro does not illustrate as many identities as attitudes. Maybe you think the movie is too long. I think there is a real reason for its width. Guevara's jobs in Cuba, and especially Bolivia, were not a series of episodes and sketches, but a reign of power retention that can practically be called crazy. In the end, Che is a wholly or partly commercially wise film, where his director begins by understanding the boundaries inherent in cinematographic biography and progressive work within these means.
