The other part, or once known as GUERILLA, is also a great achievement, but not so much fun as Part I, because here we begin to testify what could have led to the fall and death of Guevara. Once again, I am impressed by the cause and effect that both parts have in their interrelated stories. Again, we are reminded that the main character of Che Guevara is an Argentinean. Some of the men in the Fidel army decided not to receive orders from strangers and now that Che has decided to leave the comfort of winning to continue the revolutionary in Bolivia, he does not get much respect from his new army and natives, Just because he is a foreigner. As for the technical ones, I think the other part would be helpful if, first of all, immediately after showing the map, it showed some of the most important details from the previous sequel only to refresh the memory of his characters and what is he set himself on himself, in order for the audience to understand why his methods were successful in Cuba, but did not work in Bolivia. It is now clear in this segment that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia he deals with a bunch of soldiers whose hearts are not entirely in him. It is said that it is an ingredient for revolutionary love .. well, they do not give much about their country, so it's hard to sell. It is unpleasantly painful and difficult for Che to prompt others to get involved in his vision. I like a scene that illustrates Che's worsening situation, a scene in which his horse would not go anyway how bad Che tries to direct him, and then his temper has taken better of him and for a moment he forgets that he is a doctor, and he becomes this desperate soldier who stabs his horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to be guided. But, at the same time, the movie is pulled, relying on small thumbnails of famous faces that you will recognize only for short entertainment, and for the most part, you bump left and right one obstacle for another, but maybe that's the intention of Part II, if that's the case. then it definitely works. A constant ovation for a cinema that gives us a glimpse of the first person at the time of the last Che's breath. This film might not answer the question of why Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined he managed to do it even when the odds against him and why he deeply wanted South America to have the same destiny as Cuba, but the CHE movie is a story valuable stories.
