It surprises me that I really had the courage to watch bio flick or "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because if my Cuban parents in exile ever found out that I saw this film about this repulsive mass murderer of the Cuban Revolution, I would be based on life. Hey, wait? I'm an adult, I can not ground it. Director Steven Soderbergh, and a newcomer coma (I'm sorry, Steven, but I had to shoot Soder here) shares a two-part film on Ernest Che Guevara's revolutionary life. "Che: Part 1" represents how Che joined the guerrilla team Fidel Castro in the mid-1950s in their revolutionary quest to overthrow the regime of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista; for them, as we all know, was a revolutionary success, but a huge guerrilla disaster for many Cubans, who rebelled in communism. "Che: Part 2" is Che trying to revolutionize the T-shirt industry by throwing t-shirts with his terrible face to bears to t-shirt makers. OK, I'm chatting a lot of shit on your way! I wanted to say that "Che: Part 2" was centered on Che in the late 1960s trying to revive the revolution, this time in Bolivia affected by poverty, but with far different results. when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian police in 1967. Soderbergh does not include the time between these two cases in Che's life when he commanded Lauban's contemptuous prison in Cuba, where he massacred many Cubans who opposed communism. Then I think Soderbergh made a film mistake by not showing the viewers that Guevara was really terrible, but I decided to see Che in the hope that Soderbergh would not glamorize him, but to show us how he really was upset. Soderbergh did not do this, and unfortunately decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero, which he was not. He was a sick man who, thanks to God, was probably at the bottom of the devil's barrel. to the viewer and must admit that the performance of Benicia Del Toro as Che was extremely commanding and worthy of merit. And that Demian Bichir was persecuted as Fidel Castro in his pedantic performance. However, the rest of the Che's acting team mostly played the central role of actors who displayed guerrilla soldiers. And as much as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh put him in a revolutionary blend of rum in Spanish, showing the Bolivian delegate? In 4 hours and 30 minutes, Soderbergh did not have to present this biographer, who mostly "talked too much and did not have enough action". We already had too many Che, even posthumously with those funny t-shirts, so why are we giving too much to them? But I suppose that when you have Del Toro on your horns (as you did here Steven), I assume it's your rescue mercy to not execute Che: Parts 1 and 2. *** Average
