I came to watch the guerrilla, the second part of Steven Soderberg's Cove Guevara's biography, without having seen the previous film and no more than a fatal knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was pretty worried that this would be a lesson from hard history and an unwanted letter of love to an iconic revolutionary. As it turns out, this film has far exceeded my expectations. Gerald works incredibly well as a standalone movie. The story of Che's unsuccessful attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia and then under military rule is a convincing tragedy. The initial incentive Che's arrival brought incognito to lead a guerrilla war, was lost because the accident followed an accident. Chances are against the revolutionaries. American support to the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspicious locals and Che's health are just some of the difficulties that they are facing with the rebellion. Soderbergh's presentation Che is largely uncritical, but this film is not a hagiography. The style is refreshingly undramatic, with the subtle and effective soundtrack of Alberto Iglesias, which adds a quiet drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the film, but there are very few close-ups of his face, and we are encouraged to see people struggling with him, and sometimes against him. Where Soderberg wants to show Che's virtues we see him in small episodes such as a loyal assistant who condemns two fellow guerrillas when questioning Che's leadership, and highlights the sacrifice he made in leaving Cuba to fight for the revolution again. > The direction in the whole is great. The second part feels firmly arranged despite its narrow focus and is capable of communicating much through images without the need for a storyteller who should write for the audience. At the beginning of the film we see a few short snippets of splendid parties in post-revolutionary Cuba, which immediately give us ideas on why Che would sacrifice his old life in order to fight again in another country. Later, the display of guerrillas marching through endless rainforest stands out as a stunningly beautiful scene and helps to create a sense of enormous task in front of this small group of revolutionaries. If there is a film problem, there is a distance between the viewer and Chea, which, although it allows us to understand the context of the rebellion and the people around him, makes it difficult for us to better understand him as a person. True, Benicio Del Toro is completely convincing in the main role? It's so hard to remember to watch an actor, not a man himself. However, watching Guerilla as a stand-alone film means giving us a precious little insight into what shapes Che's thoughts, words, and actions. It should be hoped that this is more in the foreground in the first part of Soderbergh's biography (I can not comment on it yet), and certainly the power of the other part makes me look forward to seeing signs with impatience.
