Last night I sat through both parts of Che, with a short pause in the bathroom, and I can not remember when 4 hours went so fast. I had to prepare myself psychologically for a week ahead, because I have the right thing about directors, producers and editors who are constantly crossing over the long quasi-epics in front of us and I feel that it is in total from 2 to 2.5 hours is right for the film. It seemed to me that the four hours passed the limits of my tolerance and I was very suspicious about the whole company. But will I say in advance that this is wonderful? Can I say love? I made a movie and I'm really glad I saw it. Director Steven Soderberg should be congratulated on the clarity of his vision. The battle invokes zing as if you were avoiding bullets yourself. If there is a person on the planet who does not know, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was an Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro to overthrow Fulgencio Batista through the Cuban Revolution of 1959. When I was a kid of the sixties, Che's image was everywhere; on bedspreads, on t-shirts, on the covers of the magazine. Che's image must be one of the most experienced. If you need to rely on famous images, then Che was a very handsome guy, a symbol of revolutionary romanticism. Had he been ugly, I had to wonder if he'd ever been so popular in public imagination? Of course, dying young movements. The films have already been made about Cheu (especially the excellent diaries for motorcycles that were played by unbearably cute Gael Garcia Bernal as a young Che, visiting South America and seeing endemic poverty shaped his Marxist policy), but I think that nobody ever started the entire story from the beginning to the end, and this two-part project is an ambitious project. I hope this will pay off for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that the current commercial success may not have been the greatest in his mind. Cuba to start the revolution, then travel to New York in 1964 to address the UN. Smartly taken black and white images look like a contemporary movie, but they are not. The second film (Guerilla) reappears in 1966 when Che comes to Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second film takes place almost entirely in the forest. As far as I can see, it's been shot mainly in Spain, but I can still believe it was pretty hard to record. Benicio Del Toro is great as Che, a part that seems to be born to play. Personally, I felt that the Argentinean (i.e., the First Part) is much easier to watch and more "entertain" in a strict film sense, because it is optimistic. They win; The revolution will succeed. Che is in his element that leads an uneven group of peasants, workers, and intellectuals for a revolutionary goal. The other part is much more difficult to see because of the inevitability of his defeat. In the same way that the recent Valkirka - when it was a good movie - was an exercise in witnessing a heroic failure, so I felt the same for the other part Che (Guerilla). At the very beginning we know that he is dying, we know he does not succeed. This is frustrating because the way in which the story is told, it is quite early obviously that the incitement of the revolution in Bolivia is doomed to failure; Che is considered a foreign intruder and fails to connect with indigenous peoples in the way that he did with the Cubans. He persistently insists it is frustrating to watch because I felt that he should know when to give up and move to another, perhaps more successful company. The film does not romanticise him too much. He kills people, executes, fights with asthma and monitors the lost thing long after he should give up and move on, leaving a woman alone to raise five children without a father. , a great exercise in classical film making. One note; While I watched the American-trained soldiers moving massively to pick up Che and his small group of warriors one by one, that reminded me of the final of Butch Cassidy. I almost turned to my wife and said it, but I hesitated, thinking that such thoughts would be found abnormally and unusual. As we left the theater, he turned to me and said: "Did not you think that the end was like Butch Cassidy?"
