The fourth of the five octopus that Anthony Mann did with James Stevart, in this case includes a stubborn cattleman named Jeff Webster who drives cattle from Wyoming to Alaska, via Seattle. Seattle merges with their partners Valter Brennan and Rube Morris (Jai C. Flippen) who sent them in advance to prepare for a boat trip, north. But first, he must endure unbearable paths, cheats captains on the rivers and the charms of the shy, manipulative Ronda Roman, who believes that Jeff might be a precious ally in the future. That's why he was hiding him on board while the captain was searching for the earlier (and justified) killing of a seeker. Jeff also has an accident to encounter crazy Judge Gannon (John McIntire). who runs the city of Skagvai, Alaska. Gannon blocks Jeff for obstructing his public hanging by driving his cattle through the city. He penalized Jeff for his livestock, and Jeff for now has to eat a crow. Meanwhile, Jeff agrees to drive Ronda to Davson to deliver supplies. But this is just cunning so Jeff, Ben and Rube can return to Skagvai and steal his livestock back. Of course, Judge Gannon finds out about this and is right behind him, but Jeff puts him down with a rifle while Ben runs cattle across the Canadian border beyond Gannon's reach. After the avalanche and another shot with some other scrambled men finally arrive to Davson, where Jeff sells the cattle to the largest bidder, which is by chance Ronda who immediately set up a new gambling house in Davson. Jeff then takes his money and buys his own request and begins to fight for gold. But then Judge Gannon comes to Davson to go into the golden action up there, and tells Jeff he was a little bored with Skagvai and wants to try luck in Klondike alone. This implies taking an engaging revolver with him and forcibly stealing some of the claims of other miners. Jeff and Ben now feel that it's time to empty while they are good, leaving Rube to take care of himself as the most effective sheriff against Gannon and his gang. They are looking for a return exit only to find themselves in the ambush of Hanover's men because Ben made a mistake and opened their big mouths. Ben was killed, and Jeff was severely wounded, but this does not save Judge Gannon from his fair hand. The end of the shooting at night on the muddy street Davson is mainly concerned about this. First Jeff kills two Gannon's best weapons (Jack Elam and Robert Vilkie). Then as Ronda goes to warn Jeff that Gannon is trying to turn behind him, Gannon kills her in the back and she dies right there in Jeff's hands. Then Jeff kills Gannon while hiding under a wooden sidewalk. Revenge said it. This is another hilarious west that is up there with SPEAKING SPIRIT and MAN from LARAMIE. Why is a universal DVD used in scanning and scanning instead of using a widescreen TCM, that's beyond me. You will lose half the great Alberta cinema from Villiam Daniels. So, if you like well-written westerns from the '50s, then this is the Guardian of the A-list. 8 of 10
