Many of the reviews I've read reveal that most people prefer the one better than the other part. I feel completely the opposite. The first part played quite a lot with attempts to find different ways of showing personality If Gevare through different types of film stocks, different locations and cutting back and forth between the interviews and the Cuban Revolution. In most cases, this was fine, but somewhat disturbing. In the second part, Che enters Bolivia, and with the change of geographical location, the rules and structure change. Spatial jumps and switching between stockpiles, "documentary realism" and debates did not exist. Instead, now we are literally captured with Che in an unsaturated, depopulated landscape where the only people who are overburdened with their lives for survival. I think that the dark reversal of Chea's life is the real reason why most people prefer the First Part to the Second Part. Changing the geographical location also means for me that Che: One and If: The second part is, in fact, the other two parts of the three-letter structure started with Motorcycle Diaries. The motorcycle log is Che-in-age (or rather, arrival-ideals) in Argentina, Che: The first part is his military leadership in Cuba, and Che: The second is his decline in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (we miss his experiences in Guatemala and, more importantly, in my opinion, his executions after the Cuban revolution), but they create a very detailed study of the controversial aspects of his character and nature. world symbol. He both symbolizes the idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression and revolutionary failings in Third World countries after World War II and their interference with such activities as the, mind, interference of the CIA. Again, all this is projected on this screen in this case not through long dialogue and speech scenes, but through much more intimidating, cheating Che at the end of his life and his life. Again, the rules have changed, and in this case it is difficult to say whether there was any chance of success. How many times the camera shows people who are literally trapped between a rock and a hard place and desaturated, trembling for a long time, the audience enters a story about people who are imprisoned in an enemy landscape, an existential hell, where revolutionary beliefs are eventually occupied by others in the despair of fugitive people dying Hunger. It's just not that easy to watch a movie, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> - PolarDiB
