Following directly from where the story is interrupted in the first part, the other half that speaks of the inevitable decline and much more gloomy side of the human heritage is exactly that. Contrary to the first passage, the second part is a shift from Chea to the pride and glory of the revolutionary country, to Chea, who is fighting for the liberator of a country in which there are no previous links. Changing the environment is not only aesthetic; from the autumn and spring gray forests there is a change in the tone and heart in the image, replacing the predecessor's optimism with the cynical, trashy and bruise of reality in line with the new struggle. However, in order for Che to continue to say herself, such a fight is best described exactly as it was a fight. While the First Part certainly helped to prove this initial wave of power that the revolutionary guerilla gained through this, the other part takes a much more sophisticated, more insensitive and darker segment of Che's life and ambition, and gives him a persistent portrait that is both touching and tragic On the tangible and an easily understandable way. While the tone of the film does not deviate in some respects and is quite drastically different from the first part, the same documented approach, which was used a month ago, that avoids melodrama and invention as much as possible remains the same. This somewhat remote, cool approach to the story of Che's story and struggle will undoubtedly exclude some viewers; Indeed, I remain reserved for whether or not the trait itself was supposed to be called by one man, if nothing else, the whole of Che, taken as a whole, brings a story that goes beyond a mere biography and instead documents the struggle of man who helped him on the way. Soderbergh is in no way trying to portray a humanistic portrait similar to what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a decade ago (forgive ironic contrast); Che is a slow, reserved, and meditative approach to telling a lesson from a story that was accidentally told by one man who probably led the whole thing. Still, moving from the lush green landscapes of Cuba and retreating to the bleak background of Bolivia for the Second Part, the story inevitably takes on a very contrasting tone that does not feel overly separate from its predecessor, but it makes enough to give it its reference points. Here the basic structure of the First Part is repeated: there is the initial struggle, the battles, the fallen comrades and the recruitment of those who will replace them, as long as we see some traces of the man behind the movement. However, as anyone who has the clearest idea of ​​real history behind this feature, knows that the Second Part will end in much more astonishing and disturbing notes. This difference, in combination with similarities with the first part, makes a convincing and unforgettable whole; in either case, both can digest into their own (and honor Soderbergh's achievement as such) and enjoy what they are, but taken as one statement, Che delivers exactly what he wants to achieve. Indeed, everything that seemed to be the first part of the treatment that it was a month before, is still visible from the subtle yet impressive performances from the central head to slow construction, to real-structured battle scenes - the drama that is characteristic of the characters on the screen is equally unclear and indecisive, but with features like this, the second part once again proves that avoiding such elements does not necessarily hurt the movie when there is enough complication and thinking about other elements in order for the viewer to engage. In fact, after writing this review, I was inconsistent about whether or not I simply add a paragraph or two of my initial review to the First Part, and to call the review as a whole, but I thought it would only do so to disappoint those who could Sitting to watch the whole of both films consecutively. With these words, I can not fully decide whether to keep the task of engaging the audience for its four hours of running time, but after looking at both segments, I can at least confirm the ability of each part to do just that. With a reflective, intricate scenario combined with endlessly fascinating photography and tinted performance that makes movie characters without attracting attention, Che Part Tvo is equally appealing and rewarded as his predecessor, but this time with a tragic but exciting affirmation of the conclusion for the pages of history film. - Review Jamie Robert Ward (http: //vvv.invocus.net)
