The second part is picked up ... not where the last movie stopped. As part of the quasi-conventional epic 4:00 pm by Steven Soderbergh, Che's two stories are told as classic "Rise" and "Fall" scenarios. In the Second Part, Guevara, leaving her position as a bureaucrat in Cuba and after an unsuccessful attempt in the Congo (only in the passage mentioned in the film), is going to Bolivia to try to launch a new revolution through the jungle. Things do not go so well planned, probably because of Che's then-notorious status as a communist and revolutionary, and partly because of the involvement of America on the side of the Bolivian government, and, of course, that Castro was not. Really around as a back-up for Che. How goes, the other part of Che is more sad, but somehow wiser than the first one. What makes sense is that Guevara has to endure the low morale of its people, the betrayal of those around it, the constant mistakes of the grunts and nearby peasants, and at the end of the closed, larger military force. But what is even more sad is that Guevara, regardless of everything, will not give in. It can be seen that this is incredible force or fatal defect - perhaps both, but it is also clear how Che begins to appear, if not more fully rounded, then as something more sympathetic character. True, he killed and killed, and he felt justified all the way. And nevertheless it starts to work on the viewer in terms of the original level of pity; the sequence in which Guevara's health worsens without drugs, which leads to a shocking stab of a horse, which is one of the most memorable and beloved films this year. Again, Soderbergh's narrative narrative is strong, if, occasionally, a little bit (understandable because of the great running time), and one or two scenes feel completely weird (Matt Damon?), but these are less obligations . This time, for access to straight-colored cameras, this is almost like a militant-style military image, with great concern for men in the group, as well as for Guevara as the Lord of this group, and how things are diminishing at the end. And as always, Del Toro is at the top of its game, in every scene, every rhythm that knows this guy well - for the better and for the worse - comes closer to the realization. All in all, the two parts of Che make an impressive package: history as a drama in a convincing style, good for the audience, even if they do not know Che, or better, if they do not think about it. That's special. 8.5 / 10
