The most ironic American film at the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The extra-long film controversy began at the Cannes Festival. There were notices of love and hatred and significant suspicions of commercial outlook. As a consolation, the star, Benicio Del Toro, won the award for the best actor. I'm talking about "Che" Steven Soderbergh, of course. It's called in this version, shown in New York as in Cannes, in two segments of two hours without the opening of titles or final credits. "Che" is certainly convenient because Ernesto "Che" Guevara is almost in every scene. Del Toro is impressive, reliably hanging in thick and thin days, from the day of the glorious victory in the first to the month of humiliating defeat in the second part, appealing and sympathetic in all its various manifestations, even disguised in a bald gray man to sneak into Bolivia. It's a great performance; If someone wants to have a better ambiance. If you are patiently enough to sit for more than four hours, with a break between the two sections, there are rewards. There is an authentic feeling - fortunately, Soderbergh decided to shoot in Spanish (although some actors, especially in English segments, are wooden). You got a good overview of what the guerrilla war, Che-style, was: teaching, recruiting campessinos, morality, discipline, difficulty and fighting - as well as Che's gradual transformation from a company doctor to a full military leader. The use of the new 9-kilogram RED "35W high-performance digital camera" that just became available during recording enabled DP Peter Andrevs and his team to produce images that are slightly cold, but sometimes they still sang, and are always sharp and smooth. The film is in two parts - Soderbergh calls them two "films", and the plan is to release them commercially. The first is the 'Argentinean', which shows Che's leadership in the jungle and city struggles that led to the fall of Havana in the late 50s, and the second is 'Guerrilla', and it is Che's unsuccessful attempt for nearly a decade later in Bolivia to lead the \ t revolution , a fruitful mission that led to Guevara's capture and execution in 1967. The second part was supposed to be the original film and it was written first and, I think, the first one. Producer Laura Bickford says the other part is more thriller, while the first part is a multi-action action movie with big battle scenes. Yes, but both have a lot in common - too much - because they both spend a great deal of their time following the guerrillas through a rough land. The guerrillas went tirelessly since Bolivian rebellion was doomed from the start. A group of Cubans who tried to water did not receive a friendly reception from the Bolivian campesinos, who suspected they were foreigners, and they thought of the Cuban communists as ungodly rapists. There is also a third part, a kind of a celebratory black-and-white interval composed of Che-speech in the United Nations in 1964 and an interview with him at that time, but this is engraved in the first segment. The first part also has Fidel and is much more optimistic, leading as well as the victory in Santa Clara in 1959, which led to the fall of the dictatorship of the Fulgency Batista in Cuba. During "Gerillions" I was thinking about how this could function as a quality European miniseries, which could start with a shortened version of Valter Salles's Motorcicle Diaries and take us to Guevara's fateful meeting with Fidel in Mexico and admission to the 26th century. Juli Movement. There could be much more about his extensive travels and diplomatic missions. This is far from a complete picture of a man, his childhood interest in chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, a book he wrote; even his international glory is only touched. And what about his crude, cruel side? Really, what Soderbergh was most interested in was not Che, but a revolution and a guerrilla war. The permanent impression that the departure of 4+ hours lasts through the forest and jungle with wounded and sick men and women and the idealist dedication to end the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned that it resembles Terrence Malic's 'The Tin Red Line', and that, a curly, episodic combat approach is similar; but 'The Thin Red Line' has stronger characters (hardly anyone appears strong except Chea), and that's a really good movie. This is an impressive but incomplete and miserable effort. This 8-year hard-working effort was studied by love (how much ocean still has to come to pay for it?) Is vanity. project, too long for a regular theater release and too short for the miniseries. Radical editing - or a great expansion - would make it more successful, and as it is long, especially in the second half. It is clear that this slogging could have been shortened down, although it's not so clear what the film would have made in that movie - but with some luck it may have been pretty good.
