Carefully skipping everything, from a crack in Cuba to his secret entry to Bolivia, the second part of Soderbergh's view If Guevara is a tragic hero. Like with Che? The first part, this pretty wandering guerrilla escapade through the colorful mountains of Bolivia is probably destined to disappoint more people than it will satisfy, and why is the film (and especially Benicio Del Toro performance) so loudly praised in Cannes? James Rochey, for example, called it an artwork, "not just a story of a revolutionary," but also a "revolution by itself". Peter Bradshaw of the Guardian called it "a mere masterpiece". I'm going back to my original dispute for the first part? that the value is specific in the figure of the hero. And at a time when there is an overload of poor heroic role models, would not it be useful to see a strong honor, even if some of the most unusual episodes of his life are taken away? This is a psychological hero who was guaranteed by the great Scottish essayist, Thomas Karlley, in his book Heroes and Hero Vorship. Heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere between). But we need to truly inspire us for more goals, higher purpose. Compare this with the unrealistic 'heroes' of the standard Western narrative: where does a person go through trials and trouble before he gets a barely rewarding prize? Usually eternal love or material wealth ?? as per divine study intervention. True heroes have excess of moral courage? not lost Ark, bold-scam or James Bond super-toys. They grow and empower others to rise, to be the best they can be. In the first part of Che, he thrives. In the second part, he fails. Not because of the lack of moral courage, but since a) not all good plans can succeed and b) be human, errors are inevitable. Guevara's intellectual clarity is wrong when it equates conditions that justify an armed struggle with the conditions that make this armed struggle capable of succeeding. This is a serious misconception. High in the mountains of La Paz, the colors are astounding. There is air of the mystic-en-scene of authenticity that was occasionally missing in the Czech Republic - The first part (the US will not allow Soderbergh to shoot in Cuba.) Visual treatments are enhanced by increasing natural light and extreme flexibility and realism offered with the revolutionary results of the RED camera. This is a high-performance digital camera with a 35mm film quality and the convenience of a pure digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs only 9 lbs. "RED recording is like hearing the Beatles for the first time," says Soderberg. "RED sees the way I see ... so organic, so nicely adapted to the natural phenomenon of" light. "If Ce had stopped a successful Cuban revolution, it would surround him with almost mystical incomprehension. The failure in Bolivia shows not only that he has human limitations, but to remember his moral virtues, not political triumph. Critics will say with some excuse - that his armed struggle inspired much less noble characters to achieve a dictatorship of tin-pot. His development of guerrilla combat tactics not good either It's in it (and since then it has been used for both). But, in all his praise, the film often lacks dramatic and narrative tension. We trip in from one side to the other, knowing that he will finally meet his death.I found myself looking at the watch and I think it could have been shorter.However, the job that went into this? interviews with people from all over the world, and even getting one of Guevara's former comrades to train actors details of Bolivian operations? Make a movie with a worthy achievement. It may not be top-notch entertainment, but it shows integrity in documenting a significant part of history. There is another very important point in Che's heroic character. It's about failure. If you make an effort, even if you fail, your effort will not be in vain, because it can give others hope and moral courage. It could be cynically called the complex of martyrs, and of course it is found in many religious personalities. But Che does not 'sacrifice' herself. He does what works best, best that is not unscrupulous, and so gives an example. Success or failure in any particular case becomes only details. With the long-standing and unlawful blockade of Cuba (in the name of 'freedom'), I am tempted to write that Che shares 1 2 are too good to be spent on the US. But that would be to call for the assertion that the film had so seriously asked to avoid it. It should be hoped that many viewers will have the skills to watch Che without politics and bias that inevitably provokes. Regardless of his faults, he rehabilitates Soderbergh from the populist stupidity of the ocean 11. But if you have not heard of Che Guevara or have not seen the first part, or if you can not cross the phrase "killer Marxist" without foam on my mouth, maybe I will not imagine what to get from this movie. The same can be said for many who have and can.
