Now, however, I am not a passionate student of this genre. In fact, I've always been ashamed of Western because, in spite of their critical stamp as American original narratives (or anything else), it seems to me that it is forever shifted to fatigue, or from "firing Injuns," big guns "or" Hey "In other words, it always seemed to me that the genre was so rooted and connected with conventions, that it left precious little room for surprise or originality." (And yes, I have seen at least some of the so-called "great ones", and without prejudice I put them in this negative estimate - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, Mi Darling Clementine, and of course the shameful [but deeply boring] Clint Eastwood-Sergio Leone teams in the 60s.) But when I saw this movie on TV - as part of Jimmy Stevart's commemorative weekend after his death - I finally got it : I understood, at least in theory, what the Western myth can offer as a serious thematic preoccupation (except for the right action and excitement). It is a push between lawlessness and order: the American West represented freedom, but also the possibility of the wilderness, untamed. Dear people could be hurt there. What, of course, meant that perhaps - perhaps only - was not intended for a respectable nation, and that the only inhabitants should be amoral and removable, those who just pulled justice exclusively from the tubes of their revolvers, and where they were killed or killed, then there would be a law earth. In such an environment, of course, true heroes are those who are scary enough and are free to be in the first place (and thus reject "society", at least as they were manifested on the east coast), yet they have enough sense to justify believing that a society based on chaos and fear is NOT THE RIGHT. Catch and examine that the difference between law and disorder in THE MAIN CHARACTER ONLY, I believe (after watching this movie) is the highest and most true goal of any Western one. Unfortunately, this is often not the case, because white hats are completely white, black are completely black (and we do not even begin to talk about the Indians, ok) and there are precious little shades of gray. /> Not in this. Jimmy Stewart plays an obvious hunter of fortune who follows the trail of miners before him in the Alaskan wilderness to find gold. It was joined by his lifelong friend, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps the western cliché character to finish them all - but still pleasing here, as always) - and no one else. Emphasized, they are alone for themselves, and while Stevart displays his patented charm (come on, we could never really dislike this guy, we could now?), There remains little doubt that he is basically self-centered, self-interested interested Character: none of his "Gosh" or "Oh naked gee" humanism is allowed to pass. Or, to put it more correctly, it must COME, at the end of the picture, in the way I described it above. He must face the iniquity in himself and gauge it with the need for order and justice, which are so obviously inaccessible in the border town that serves as the starting point of the miners on their golden dust trail. This city is ruled by a strict sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best "bad" performances I've ever seen. It comes with so much charm and humor, and has such a relaxed and interesting relationship with Stuart, that it takes some time to admit that he is a * bad guy - so when he finally gets in, he does it with double force. Next, by establishing a kind of windy (if necessary preserved) friendship between McIntire and Stevart, the film is played with the notion of how close they are in nature - and how far the moral distance Stevart has to go through to the end of the film I will not go through all the turns and plots - look at it for yourself (as well as a durable and beautiful Alaska landscape - shot at the location, beware, not inexpensive pictures that the studio made). What is crucial is that this story focuses on character, with great dialogue and interaction of the character that replaces the gun most of the time - although the movie has enough action and adventure to prevent it ever being static (read: "talc"). Definitely one of the greatest performances I've seen from Stevart, showing that a fugitive, a "man's man" can play as equally convincing as a decent and honest guy from the neighborhood. In fact, his "quality" qualities give more power to his characterization, making him less mythical or exaggerated-like, say, Eastwood or John Vaine - and even more so-called three-dimensional figure. His relationship with Brennan is well-played: undervalued, but still touching (with the slight suggestions of George and Lenny of "Mice and Men" - a completely different type of "Western"). I certainly have more Western ones to see, but this is my favorite now, and the criterion by which I will necessarily judge all the others. It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.
