From the filmmakers who brought us the Marsh penguin, I guess this came with many expectations for a fox and a child. From the harsh winter of the south pole to the lush wildlife in France, the narrative is now becoming part of a documentary film and a part of the fairy tale, which talks about friendship between the two titular characters, the fox Renarde and her friendship with the child he was baptized, Bertilla Noel-Beuneau. The story is sincerely quite simple, and sometimes this film would look like a large number of Japanese films in which children-diverse animals strike friendship after the development of trust and how they spin around, dealing with appropriate opponents and similar . Here the child encounters an elegant fox near his house, in the mountains, which provides many beautiful pictures from the postcard, which the cameraman will have to obstruct. But as long as you indulge yourself to a memorable landscape, characters can not determine that level of confidence from the beginning, and we have to wait several seasons in the past, and 45 minutes into the movie, before finding a leveling in the food. A child persistently tries to establish a relationship with the goal of attaching the creature to her party, but the fox, so, like other performances, of course. While I thought the story was rather poor, unlike Marta Penguin who has this human narrative interpretation of what is happening on the screen, what has surpassed the documentary elements of the film, accompanying the life and time of the fox as a predator, and prey. Between them, the more tension and drama is assigned to the latter, especially when it comes to traditional enemies such as wolves, and approved, these sequences were quite intense, especially when the child got into it. Otherwise, it was simply sailing and it was pretty boring that the two of them played with one another, in recordings that you know they went through film magic. There were surprisingly dark moments in a movie that were not very suitable for children, as they in the same hall confirmed it by suddenly waving their eyes, so parents, you might want to consider and do not let your child disturb the rest film visitors. As a movie, I would rather like this to be a complete documentary film "The March of the Penguins", but I suppose that the way it was despised, probably had the goal of warning us not to interfere in nature , and that some things are simply not meant to be, and should remain as such. A decent film that rely on the power of chemistry between Bertilla Noel-Bruneau and the multiple foxes that played Renarda.
