THE FOKS AND THE CHILD is the latest film from the film MARK PENGUINS, the French director Franck Jackweet. A film that can boast of only one human being in her actress, young actress Bertilla Noel-Bruneau, tells the story of a rather rare, although seemingly convincing relationship between a child and a wild fox. Dio - a documentary about nature, and in part a fairy tale, the film focuses on L'Infanta, a child who, one day on the way to school, encounters wild foxes in a vivid environment, perhaps in France, although the exact location was never mentioned. Over the next few weeks, the child returns to the place where she found hope that one of those days she saw a fox, once again called Lily. And so it continues. The days turn around for weeks, and then the year goes by, it turns in the autumn, then the winter, promoting some extraordinary cinema of a wide white winter landscape. In the end, the spring reappears, and the child finds his fox, and really acquires friendship with the animal. Et cetera. I had little or no expectations for LOCATION AND CHILD. I saw MARCH OF THE PENGUINS and I just admired the filming of this movie. Luc Jackuet is a highly talented and really rare filmmaker, and I was expecting some extraordinary cinema that takes away breath, wide sights and great shots of wildlife. This is delivered in peaks. But Jackuet has a credit for writing the screen, and not knowing anything about the film before the screening, I expected something slightly different from what was previously seen in March. An invented story. Child and fox A story is simple. A young, seemingly lonely child lives in a house in the middle of nothing and goes to school, seemingly alone, every day, apparently without worry in the seemingly perfect world. No indication of an adult in sight. Brilliant. So she makes friends with a fox. With this kind of film, you need to reject your opinion about the movie and put yourself in the role of the target audience. This is a movie that is directed directly to children from, say, six years or more. Or families who want to travel to the cinema with their race one wet weekday. Not a 31-year-old man who gets kicked out of movies like the recent, brilliant VANTED and the like. But, as the London-based critic of the newcomers, I put in training an excited eight-year-old girl for 95 minutes or something like a fox and a child. Now, I have several problems with this movie. As a 31-year-old boy and a loyal fan of all films, I loved a photo of wildlife and landscapes. It's visually stunning. The direction of animal characters is brilliantly performed - as good as you can find in Attenborough's efforts. As an impressive, brief attention that lasted eight years, I loved the first half an hour - then I lost interest. It is a little repetitive, and it is quite painful and bloody terrible in the places for a younger child, especially for the dark end. As a 31-year-old man - I was a little scared at places. Vuss. So, it's not a children's movie. It's not an adult movie, and I felt a little down. Is it a good family movie? Depends. Maybe it's educational, and the film carries a message. It's definitely not a movie that would pay a hard-earned green to go to see, and I break the brains to try to recommend it to a certain type of film. It's hard, but I know someone will watch and fall in love with this movie. It is a very European mood and, of course, if you are a fan of thematic movements of wild animals, try. Are not you sure? Well, then I'd be waiting for a DVD for a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http: //v.thehollivoodnevs.com, July 2008.
