I really liked this movie and I do not think I was terribly disappointed. As a teacher of American history, I felt almost an obligation to look at this film and how history went by, it was not bad. Of course, here and there were several mistakes (especially with the time line - the film appeared only a few months or maybe a year - no more than six years of actual fighting), but the overall spirit of the film and the battle sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the film ALSO included a fairly meaningless backdrop that includes a hard-to-read romance between a poor patriot and a rich Loialist. In most cases, it really served to divert attention from the whole action and it looked as if it was "hooked" - as a device for action, instead of true love for honesty. In fact, as much romance as the stupid cliché "love at first glance", it was a bit boring to think more about it. However, despite this romantic, the film is really interesting and inspiring - plus, in as many ways as a much later movie, THE PATRIOT, was copied from Griffith's film !!! Both films followed the exploits of the evil leaders who fought for the British and used terrible and evil tactics against civilians - both of them had a secret intent to use it as a "springboard" to launch their own nation in America !!! The only big difference is that this film is set in the north, and the patriot in Carolinas. It would be nice that Mel Gibson and the others recognized their debt D. В. Griffith for ideas about the story. It just does not seem so likely that the two stories were created independently of one another. PS - In spite of the fact that I like this film and some of Griffith's films, he deserves to once again "burn in hell" because his actors were showing all the black slaves in the film! "It's sick and ironic. the intolerable thing Griffith has done in many of his films - especially in the Birth of the Nation. I must assume on this basis and the way he shows Blacks that he was A-OK with slavery and that he was an apologist for this "strange institution" (not angry on me - that is the meaning of sarcasm).
