I waited until July 4th to write it because. . . Okay . . . because you feel good doing this this day. <br /> <br /> Years 1924 D.V. Griffith needed a hit, not big since that day ORPHANS OF THE STORM (1921). Since then, he has been working constantly, but his films were smaller and did not manage to strike the right chord with the audience. He planned a film about Patrick Henry when contacted by members of the Daughter of the American Revolution (DAR) who asked if he could expand his ideas to cover more American revolutions. This film is the result. As he finished, he had 14 hours of rumor history and Patrick Henry had no trace at all. We all know the story of a revolutionary war, but Griffith threw a love story from Patriot Farmer Nathan (Neil Hamilton) fell in love with Tory Nancy Montague aristocrats (Carol Dempster, the leading lady for Griffith for many years). Complicating things is the fact that Nens's father hates Nathan. . . Not only Nathan, he hates all rebels. It does not help when during the conflict in the streets of Lycéton, someone forced Nathan to empty his pistol and accidentally wound Nancy's dad! Parallel love story is (mostly true but partially decorated) story about Captain Valter Butler (Lionel Barrimore) a British exile who believes he owes loyalty to anyone. With thousands of Indians from Six Nations on his side, he hopes to break the colonies and become a monarch of his own empire. COMPARISON WITH BIRTH NATION (1915) are inevitable. The Montague family could be the same as Cameron from the earlier film, while Nathan could be part of Stoneman's family. The order of the battle on the Bunker Hill is very similar to the scene of NATURE BIRTH with an attacking army, in this case on red coats, which are attacking a trench full of patriots. The only thing missing is that Henry Valthall is shifting across the Man's Land to put the flag in the cannon's head. It is astounding that the battle scenes in America seemingly missed the energy of battles in BIRTH and did not attract the audience. Something was obviously missing. It is not the volume, G.V. "Billy" Bitzer's work on the camera is pretty good. Maybe what's missing is. . . I dare say. . . Sincerity? But the brutality of Captain Butler and his people is well-emphasized, although much of this happens in the long or out-of-the-box. Do not expect that the heads will be cut off in close-up as we saw in the INTOLERANCE (1916). In one scene, Butler's second in command, Captain Hare (Louis Volhiem) pulls out the eyes of a closed colonist. We see only the beginning of the work, while the rest of the camera focuses on Hare's face, because it obviously has a good time. Lionel worked with Griffith and worked since 1912. It is said that he approached Griffith for a job, and D.V., knowing the reputation of his famous family, said: "I do not engage the actor, to which Lionel replied:" I am nothing like that, sir! "He seems very good and fairly Louis Volhiem appeared three times with Lionel's older brother, John, in SHERLOCK HOLMES and DR JEKILL AND MR HIDE (and in 1920) and later at THE TEMPEST (1927). As captain of Hare, his wild, frowning eyes and fragmented hair did not just to signify him as a criminal, but also to suggest that you think he is completely crazy. Neil Hamilton e later remarked that America is the first time the horses and I was scared to death. ". He is very well hiding his dissatisfaction and we can believe he was a horseman while the shooting is over. Mr. Griffith was very in love with Carol Dempster and once asked her to marry him. She declined and soon abandoned her stock company, after which her status was gradually weakened. Speaking of horses, a casual funny moment that had to be unsigned came when Paul Revere was shown. He rides his horse right on the front porch of the family to announce "To the weapon! The nuns come!" but as he tries to leave the horse, he can not get the stairs backwards and stagger as he pours his rider to the ground! I'm astounded that Griffith did not take another one. So, is America a classic? YES! Do not wait for July 4th to see it, it was pleasant any time.
