Young Eva (Hedi Lamarr) marries an elderly man (Zvonimir Rogoz). Unfortunately, he can not satisfy her sexually and ignores her. She is frustrated to go home and plan to divorce. Then, one day, she is skinny in a lake in the middle of the forest. Her horse gallop with clothes ... and runs behind her! He meets a young and very handsome Adama (Aribert Mog). They make love and she realizes that this is the man she wants. CONFIRMING SPOILERS !!!! Of course, since this was done in 1933, it has to be punished for its own sins, leading to a tragic final. THE END OF THE FINAL SPOILER !!!! This was horrified by people in 1933, but it is quite gentle according to today's standards. Lamar's naked swimming does not show anything and when a horse is running a total act, it is either shown in an extremely long frame or covered with branches and the like. She only has a few smaller shots of her breasts. Also, when she has sex with My, nothing is shown except her face, but you see that she is making an orgasm. This scene was considered extreme in its day and was completely excluded from the American edition. Today they are back. This movie could now be filled with PG-13. Shock episodes to the side this is fine. It's beautifully shot and there is no dialogue. Except for music, this could be a quiet picture. Luckily, all actors are good - especially Lamarr and Mog, and are so attractive that they just take their breath away watching them. Also, the sequence in which love leads is one of the most beautiful recorded and acting sequences I've ever seen in a movie. Scenes with a sexual symbolic (there are enough) today are unfortunately quite obvious. Actually I started to giggle over one! So, excellent direction, nice pictures, attractive actors, they are well behaved all around - but I was not exactly overtaken by him. I thought the film was slow (beautiful pictures do not create a picture for me), a bit boring, obvious, static, and had a negative ending. I can live with the end, but that does not justify other problems that I had with him. And the final sequence is really weird - and it's not in place. That's why I admire this film more than anything else. It was well done and I would recommend it, but with caution. Many people love this movie so I'm in a minority. Use your own court.
