In 1930, Europe was hit by a lot of shock when Louis Bunuel's L'Age Dor was released, causing the rebellion in Paris when it was shown there, resulting in a ban for more than forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe was shocked, the ear with 'Ekstaz', a kind of symphony of love, was again included. The film featured a young, unknown German actress named Hedvig Kisler, who will later change her name to Hedi Lamarr when she moved to America to avoid the madness of Adolf Hitler, like Eva, a young bride who just married a cold, distant husband without love (played by Emil Jerman), only to discover that she made a big mistake. One divorce later, Eva is free and free, and one day she leaves a slippery immersion into the lake, when she reveals Adam, a handsome young engineer (played by Aribert Mog), who makes her a fancy (and she, he). After a wild night of passion, Evin's ex-husband reappeared, hoping to conquer Eve, only to discover that he now has a rival. I will not spoil what's happening. The Czech director, Gustav Machati (who directed the original version of 'Madam Ks', another parable in a romantic obsession) directed the screenplay of Jack Woods Koerpel, Frantisek Horki & Machati, from Robert Horky's novel. The velvet cinema of the film (which reminded me of Avant Garde photographer, photo Man Era of the Age, which is valid for the impressionist use of light and shadow, is a lot) is Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich. The quick editing of the film is Antonin Zelenka and director of film art, which is also true for the lively, almost Art Deco look, that is Bohumil Hes). If I have any jokes about this movie, it's Giuseppe Becce's music score, which goes to the top, a melodramatic feeling that quickly ages (certain topics are repeated and repeated, with a welcome, quick - as if David Lean used certain music themes , especially in 'Lavrence Of Arabia' and 'Dr.Zhivago.' For some years now, a completely new revamped press has been composed of the best original material, made from a variety of existing European prints, and returns it to what is probably the closest version what he originally looked like before the Vatican condemned it decadently "(yes, to the right ... as if the Church had never done anything wrong), and Haies cut it to the tape when it was finally released to the United States in 1936 at the Haies Office, the approved cut (the same) Minimal dialogue in German with English subtitles (it should be mostly visual experience) It's not rated, but it contains this notorious naked skinny dive scene from Hedi Lamarr (done deliciously, watch out for you) and some suggestions of a sexual content (similar) that would barely earn a PG-13 rating, today. Worth to see if you have an interest in early European cinema, or Avant Garde / Experimental Cinema
