I can not comment on this movie without talking about it personally. As a child, poor health prevented me from going to the cinema. The first time I met films at the end of the Second World War through the great Penguin book "Film", Roger Manvilles, which brought me so much pleasure that my health began to improve. My introduction to many classic films such as Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (Grierson's magnificent documentary), Metropolis, Cabinet of Dr. Caligari and Ecstasy; He came first through this book, and later in my university Art-house cinema. Ecstasy caused the rage of the Vatican, due to the approval of Eva's departure from Emile, her subsequent divorce, and the short swim that she took into the hole, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial things and discussed the film as a triumphal, extraordinarily beautiful, visual python. to love - a view that is responded by many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw him, I readily agreed. No other opportunity to see ecstasy until the introduction of home videos - then it became a precious memory not to be disturbed. I recently recently added Ecstasy to my home video collection and I thought this estimate was very superficial. The ecstasy is much more parable about the continuity of human existence, against which individual lives are insignificant - perhaps giving honor to what Bernard Shaw used in his aggressive agnostic writings for the term 'Life force'. Ekstazi displays a young bride who marries a middle-aged man whose sexual instincts are no longer strong. Disappointed, she returns home and is divorced. Shortly after experiencing a strong mutual attraction for a young male man, she encounters while riding. For the first time, it leads to love, and this is a huge experience. Her ex-husband can not face rejection and gives a young man to pick him up in his car, intending to kill them at the crossing. However, the train stops in time and the apparently sick driver is driven to recover in a nearby hotel, where he is later killed. After these exciting climatic sequences, the mild, predictable and almost inevitable ending emphasizes that while individual human lives show both joy and tragedy, collective life continues to carry us all forward in its course and only through the contribution of this current we can be truly happy. This story is banal, acting is nothing more than adequate; Otherwise, such a film would disappear into the garbage, as was the case with most of its contemporaries, long ago. What ecstasy gave its classic status is exceptional cinema, continuous lyric score and a very careful direction of love, along with something casual, but in cinematic terms very important - appeared immediately after the introduction of sound and was probably conceived as a mute movie. The subtitle is and his director used the influence of short verbal sequences that follow some subtitles, and occasionally broke into a scorecard that so kindly portrays the movie forward. This makes it not only unique, but also extremely useful for viewing. The parable in the story is constantly under stress, but so subtly that it is only when reflected after watching, to fully realize it. For example, the names - Eva and Adam; Emile's obsessive behavior in his marital night, which shows that the Triviats have become the most important thing in his life and that he succumbs to his eventual suicide because he has no adequate purpose to sustain him; a series of beautiful sequences that depict erotic images (the bee pollinates the flower, the key entering the lock, the breaking necklace during Eva's virgin love sequence with Adam, etc.); and the final post-suicide sequences that could have been filmed in many different ways, but serve to glorify the importance of individuals to perform a kind of work that positively contributes to society, as well as to create a new life for the maintenance of this society after the addition. As a 1933 movie, I estimate this at 9 - even if I compare it to contemporary works, I would not have cut it below 8. For me, the movie will always remain "must see" (although you can think that my remarks quoted above indicate a certain bias in this judgment). Unfortunately, in North America, the contemporary estimates of this film are distorted by the 1930s extreme reaction to Hedi Kiesler's very short and relatively irrelevant naked scene that had problems in Hollivood (some critics who apparently did not see such classic films as Hipocrites, Hula, Back in the land of God, the Paradise Bird or some of the early works of DV Griffiths and CB deMille, even mistakenly called it the first appearance of naked actors in the feature film. This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the film would be a little different that the director He chose to re-write it. Two other thoughts: First, it's a Czech film, published there in 1933. His final message of hard work that creates positive benefits for society must have looked very superficial for their viewers when, a few years later, their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and virtually destroyed for at least two generations (I do not recall that these sequences were shown immediately after the war when I first saw this film - were they removed from a copy I was then video?). Secondly, for me the main message today is that things of real beauty are often very passable, although their memory can remain in one lifetime. We all should be grateful that today some of them can be shot on the camera and look back at our benefit.
