First, let's get the hoop off the road. Hedi Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women, and films were the perfect medium for many to see her beauty on the screen. I recently bought an uncensored version of this classic from 1932/3. Let's see a brief overview of Hedi naked from the waist up, but while filming the scene swimming horse and escape, director Gustav Machát benefits cover branches reflection in puddles, medium and long shots to thus see in this famous scene; So do not imagine having any lascivious close-ups or clinches. Her boyfriend, Pierre Nai, keeps his clothes at all times. Yes, pretty courageous for your day, but how it looks innocent now through the eyes of 2003. Such as scientific and other critics alleged that this film should be seen in a thoughtful, expressionistic and allegorical statements she says with pictures of water drops forming ripples on the surface of the water, agricultural machines, etc. landscape. The streams of sweet sounds trigger most of the "Ektase" length and the film has a "sense" of transition between the quiet and sound direction and the concept. The script is very minimalist and economical story is mainly transmitted through the medium of facial and body gestures with only a few words of German speaking actors with English subtitles below. Even these few words look almost superfluous in the general lyrical vein that passes through the film. <Br /> <br /> Put very simply this is the story of a young girl with the married a much older man (why we have never been told and what Eva did see in him? Money?), Which is then trapped in an unscrupulous marriage and without love. to lie to his son-in-law. After riding on her horse, Eva decides to bathe in her shirt and load her clothes on her horse's saddle. However, her horse gets romantic shows and gallops to greet her horse. from the hillside of the lake and tried to recover his hill but the engineer at work sees and grabs the horse and looks around for its owner. And so romance is born. but I thought it was rather illogical and his main weakness was to keep in mind his previous relationship without love with Eve. <Br /> <br /> Despite being renamed in 1990. VHS, sound is 70 years old, a little soft back-snapping, according to the films of his day period of mourning our beautiful boy apparently so in love with Eve that imagines him as a mother with a child, so we must assume that they live happily ever after. late 1930s. This is a lyrical work that can simply delight in itself, and not just because of the title that attracted the eyes.
