(There is no need for recapitulation, since others have already done so.) It is understandable that many viewers find a mistake in the film, which is raised as is the case with the sensational experience of today's cinema. In this context, a movie such as Ecstasy seems to have roamed from another planet. I think there are several reasons why this is worth it. The most important thing is that the film develops poetically, because the camera slowly moves around the surrounding hills, trees, clouds, etc., providing a serene and lyrical sense of a natural world that integrates a man and a woman into their sets. Together, they reveal a style and dimension that is almost completely lacking in today's technology-based cinema, where editing a quick fire draws public attention rather than concentrating it. In addition, the story is transmitted by the eye, not by hearing, almost without dialogue, to explain what is happening. This is another extreme departure from today's highly-litered tariffs, where visual images are only counted when excited by audiences. But perhaps the most disturbing - the film is sometimes sullenly silent, not in terms of silent films being quiet because we expect it to be. But in the sense that characters rarely speak when we expect them. Thus, the burden of the story is shared between filmmakers and viewers. The former must skillfully choose their visions to convey the story, while others have to think about these visions, because they will not be explained. None of this is intended to undermine today's film. -production. It should simply be emphasized that a movie like Machati comes out of a very different aesthetics than we have today. I'm not saying it was better or worse. However, I claim that Ecstasi represents a perspective that is lacking in today's film experience, where such contemplative values ​​are routinely rejected as slow and boring. The film itself is not a masterpiece, although it sometimes reaches artistic heights, as in the beautiful beer scene with a final firing from the hoist to reveal the extraordinary view below. Spore pans in the countryside with their pantheistic celebration of life, nature and regeneration are also beautifully expressed. These are types of scenes that do not overwhelm you, but instead - if you get a half chance - are quietly accumulating in an experience that is remembered in its own way as a variety of "jaws." On the other hand, the film is sometimes difficult, as when Machati bunch of pictures, especially in the final, go to work. It's hard to know what to do about this rather disturbing presence. Perhaps the symbolism is related to the heroic dimension that a difficult job holds for a hero who loves love and people in general - a theme that is then promoted by influential Soviet film. However, his presence was rather tiringly exaggerated. In any case, I must admit that I initially tuned to see the beautiful Hedi LaMarr. But now I must admit that in this process I got much more than a mere forest in the forest.
