Ecstasy (1933) (USA 1940) The main role of Hedi Lamarr (like Hedi Kiesler) The first world view of the 19-year-old Hedi Lamarr appears in early moments of treasure from the 1930s, as she crosses over screen in an angel wedding dress. It should have been the beginning of a legendary career. This was our magnificent introduction to the most beautiful woman ever fascinated by the silver screen. It is Evina (Lamarr) a double night and her older husband seems uninterested for her romantic advancements. She retires into a lonely bed and, in a beautiful scene, she clings to her wedding ring while the realization of her marital mistake overcomes. The man is more interested in orderliness and order than for love. Gustav Machati uses gorgeous corners of the camera and untouched footage to capture Lamarr's significant talent and beauty. Without a word spoken in the early part of the film, she is able to grasp our sympathy, our hearts, and our support. It was this combination that prepared the audience from the 1930s for what they wanted to see as the film unfolded. "Ekstase" was considered shocking for its time ... Some thought it was scandalous. She returns home to her father's property and divorce papers. The next day, she wakes up with a complete feeling of freedom and happiness. She just has to come out and feel the freedom of the countryside and the fresh air. Eva goes on horse riding and she goes through a beautiful lake. And in one of the most famous scenes in the history of the film, Hedi Lamarr became the first person to ever appear in a huge movie. Her fun in the forest and her adventure in the lake was legendary scandalous. But the audience could not stay. As with many of today's films, controversy made him an unavoidable movie. Evina mischievous adventure meets her with a handsome young man who helps her find a horse that has escaped with her clothes. After an unpleasant meeting, they eventually collapsed. Their first romantic meeting was almost as controversial as naked scenes, with its obvious waves of eroticism. However, Machati does wonderful work in these romantic moments. Machati creates a wonderful moment when Eva literally sinks in her new lover, using a beautiful early trick with cameras. It can not be overestimated how brave this performance was on Lamar's work. Many assumed it was a suicide in a career. Instead, he gained world fame and captured the eye of Louise B Maiere, who signed it with MGM. There are some genuine erotic moments in this film, even today's indecent standards. It's impossible to imagine how they were received in the thirties. Again, Machati was very smart with his paintings, leaving a lot of imagination. But we all very well understand what we see and this is done very well. The meeting of Evina's ex-wife and her current mistress might be inevitable. However, the consequences of that meeting are not. The film brings several unexpected turns in its final act, all of which make a great story and a wonderful debut on the big stage of the movie star for Hedi Lamarr. I recommend this once controversial, now tame the movie and invite you to look it up in its restored form on DVD. It's easy to pay off, at least for the sake of a pleasure to see Hedi Lamarr. But the story is tempting and the direction is ahead of its time. 'Ekstazi' is an unforgettable early treasure. <br /> <br /> vvv.tccandler.com - TC Cander's Movie Revievs !!!
