I can understand how lovers of Romain Polanski could love this movie - and I could understand how some could hate him completely (Ebert was one of the few who could not understand why people did not run out of the theater). After first viewing, I'm not sure that I could fall into both categories, but as someone who can not get enough Kafka and bizarre dark comedy of paranoia, the Tenant is sufficiently effective for his time. Or maybe not - this is one of those cases where there may have been more masterpieces if it was a half-hour episode of the Twilight Zone, with Serling who supplied the code as Terkki (or whoever it was (?)) Writes in his bed in zavojima. It is very similar to the treatment of a convicted protagonist such as the Repulsion, however, it could be argued that there was more ambiguity, more sense of surreal exit through a sustainable disintegration of character and location (and, honestly, better than the tenant. In the current state, the lessee has an intriguing premise, one not told by other people: Polanski is a Polish emigrant in Paris who takes a flat recently purchased by Simone Choule, who jumped close to death from the window and soon died. tenants are conservative towards the maximum in a sense lu noise, after Saturday night in Terkovski with several friends, there are complaints about too much noise, which will no longer be repeated, said Polanski, a benevolent, but somewhat nervous tenant, but there is no peace in moving the cabinet or chair. , but from him? Can he report complaints? This is not the case of the wrong identity, but the lack of peace of mind with himself and the surrounding people.As the spiral is lowering, Polanski increases tension (and I dare say black-comic laughter) showing Terkovski in the middle of the rush one dream - one of the strongest Polanski scenes from that period - and finding a tooth in the wall Not to mention the bathroom across the road (which, I would add, would always be a cinematic lynch-horror and surreal madness). But somehow, the film never feels all that important side of the exaggerated design, as it would be a machine that could be a "um-f", because tenants Terksky just looked like they were not what It looks a while: there is not so much uncertainty when it's discovered that they are not really ready to get what makes the paranoia even more self-fulfilled. At least once or twice I thought to myself - why did Polanski take over the lead role for himself? Not that he was a bad actor at all, and he appeared in several films and plays that are not in his direction. But apart from being awesome to look awkward and tense, as in the church, or in his moments to turn when they think that they are really capable of making him kill himself, his transformation is less creepy than his face in his face, test himself see if he can do it, which he does not completely do. In spite of Polanski's well-doing to look like meek and exhausted by Terkki, I could see at least a few other actors who could raise him with more subtlety and influence the personality. By the time we see him in retreat, he moves between the moving-decent and the right camp, especially when he goes to the double peak at the end (which, of course, is a little surprise). Still, the pleasure for movie-kissing and Polanski fans to see how an auxiliary crowd is trying to break into many more ambiguous characters (Vinters and Douglas do it best, even when they have to squeeze through limited characters ), and unexpected moments such as Polanski and Adjani become hot and heavy during Bruce Lee's film, or when he really gets drunk, or in an almost accidental scene where a child strikes a fountain, they are pretty brilliant and per se. It's a very good movie, and one that might get my attention when it's too much coffee after midnight. But an important movie? Not really.
