I'm sure everyone who watched this movie agree that it is very creepy. The other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are also creepy, but they are all different in what makes them creepy, but everyone is brutally dealing with the same thing, all dealing with the mind. Definitely people are staring very creepy, each of them sent trembling down my spine that made me unable to sit quietly. Again, if you've seen the other two films, I'm sure this will be pretty creepy for you starting to expect the typical features of Polanski that you think have caught them, that he is aware of it and will continue to tease you. with simple things, personally every time Trelkovski slowly turns, I would be ready to jump, maybe that's just me, but it was intended to do it, although it was quite subtle, there is no music creation in the Trenuci. The performance in this was pretty good, mostly from Polanski, of course, the other characters in the movie do not have so much time to shine an advantage. Polanski really proves himself to be a great filmmaker, not only can he direct and write great movies, but he can also act. I do not think there is any other person who could pull Trellek character, Polanski finds himself perfectly perfect. I like to watch movies in which the director is next to the main actors, for me it really emphasizes their fantastic variety and talent, which I highly respect. One thing that I did not like in this movie is how it was done in English. For those who do not know it, this is a French film, funded by the US, and in order to make it more commercially successful, it's mostly worked in English. There are parts for which it is very obvious that there was duplication, and I do not know why this is so, but 3/4 times when there is a dub, they get a completely wrong person to do dub. She has a woman in a movie that, when she says, it's obvious that it's dub, but they have the most negative person to hear a voice, there was serious pain in her ears to hear her say, she had the loudest voice I heard for some time, almost seemed fake , but I do not see what the point was, it was a rather small figure. I would really love to have left him as he was filmed, parts in French and parts in English, because the synchronization in this movie was pain and was not close (two completely different films, I know) the high standard of another movie that did the same thing , which was: Good, Bad and Ugly. I realize that this is not a big problem, just when you understand it, it gets boring, but I'm sure you will not sit there for a long time trying to read what they actually say, regardless of whether you know French. /> What is so good about Polanski is that it will allow you to think that you know him, that you know his style, which in some aspects you do, but really, you can not see what is behind that angle. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two films, which I think really strengthens this. I personally feel this is the best of the three, I'm not sure what follows, but they are all relatively close in their size. The ending is fantastic, so it's easy to get away in the long run to come and not come anywhere. I decided not to think a lot about it, just to have my personal opinion and leave it on it. I was passing, and I did not really give any insight into what makes this movie so wonderful, I do not think, so I'll do it quickly here. If you liked Repulsion and / or Rosemari's Babi, I guarantee you will enjoy this movie at the very least. For those who are too unhappy to see them, I recommend that you look at this movie if you are looking for something that is a rather intelligent movie that is quite intelligent, especially the end, as well as if you are looking for something that deals with the mind even paranoia, although it's better under Repulsion.
