Here is an example of a movie that was not well received when it was made, but whose condition seems to increase over time. "Stanar" is a rather interesting work by Polanski, one of his first European expellees. It was set up in Paris, and like many other exile movies, the city, its streets, the Seine and especially the building where the action takes place plays an important role. Only Polanski chose his main character not to be an American (for example, "Frantic") than Pole, as I was when he went to the West. In fact, there are many personal comments in this film, made in what was to be a crisis in the life of the director, and the fact that he decided to play a major role (and masterly) can be seen as a kind of exorcism. It's kind of a circular story. A hero named Trelkovski is renting an apartment in an old Parisian building, resident in what looks like the first, very diverse team of dirty or just funny neighbors. The former tenant tried to commit suicide jumping through the window of the apartment, and Trelkovsky had time to visit the hospital before she died, and there she met with her young and beautiful friend Stella (in her first role, Isabelle Adjani) after Truffaut's " L'histoire d'Adele H. "). Soon, it seems that neighbors are not as they are, it's a conspiracy that makes him crazy, or makes him come into the life and role of a dead girl. He struggles, tries to run, enters the game, and ends up in a circle and slowly becomes her. The circle is closed. It's not the most likely story we may have seen or heard, but the power of the film is not in the story, but in the details of psychology, in the slow degradation of the mental state of the hero, in a lasting balancing game between reality and error. To some extent, it does not matter what's happening on the screen, but how it happens, recalling the classic "Knife in the Water" that was created more than a decade ago, at the end of the Polish Polanski period. There are many details that are never explained, but then this must be mysterious films and this is actually a way of life. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphic details in the back of the movie have not been well performed, and the dialogue with English (the film is made in English) almost neutralizes the overall atmosphere. However, waiting for the final strike scene is very valuable patience. It's not the best film Polanski made but has many good parts, shows the hand and style of the director, and was a significant step in building his career.
