When this film was opened back in 1976, the legend says it was filled with massive mischief and disdain - this was considered a failure. I clearly recall that Ebert gave him one star and was allegedly mocked in Cannes. Obviously these people did not understand the film, which is not difficult to understand because it is very esoteric, dark and stratified. in ways that still amaze me. Reading through many reviews I find here (even after about 7-8 reviews over the years), many of the elements I've previously deleted. But even without much understanding of the psychological basis of the story, it is still a scavenger ... even if you only take escalated paranoia and persecution that goes beyond the Polanski headline like the tsunami waves over a two-hour period. Studying the original material --- a great novel from the underestimated novel by Roland Topor - reveals more intriguing layers. Polanski Trekovski is the milketoast of the highest order. Although at first glance it seems to be another mild daily soul, he gradually realizes that he is one of those people who, seemingly, are passing through life without aim, letting him direct it. He seems to have little strong feelings about his love and troubles. It is thought that it is slowly pushing this way and that, but it does not seem to be ever reshaped. This unclear type of discomfort is more noticeable in the novel than in the film, but there is an indication of this early in the film. Making an idea for a woman's apartment, one Mademouiselle Choule, who is in the hospital and recovering from a recent suicide attempt, seems to be the bravest thing he has tried (and even effectively argue at the cost of the deposit in agreement). Soon, however, he discovers that he pays for his "good thing" in more ways than he cares, because he finds himself at the center of a vortex created by a neurotic building, which is hypersensitive even to the smallest sign. human life, such as stepping in the night or knocking at the door. Instead of assuming, Trelkovsky becomes increasingly alienated from the situation, and is taken over by paranoia and the sense of persecution. He becomes obsessed with Choule, imagining himself as if she is like her, dressing like her, etc., because his personal personality quickly begins to wipe out his own insanity. If anyone ever suspected Polanski's fearlessness as an artist, they would be advised to see this film. His trademark black humor is visible (and sometimes shameful) exposed here and - God blessed him - he made himself a butt. It's a tour in one of the richest, most horrifying and hottest horrors. That more people do not see it is a real crime.
