I am a pretty old guy, old enough to remember the taste of Oreos and Kokakola as they were 50-55 years ago, when every taste for the child was fresh. I wish I had somehow adjusted some things, then it was some magical suspended cabinet, so that I could try these things today. This magic cabinet may have even adapted the food fabric to explain how I, physically and otherwise, turned to a kind of dynamic chemistry of expectations. For half a century, they had to adjust slightly, because you see that I would know that I put them aside. The eating of one now would be the celebration of oneself and the past, and stories, and a sense that would have done the expected reward for almost for years. And I could not invent one of those magic psychic cabinets? Not then. But I did something almost so good. In the seventies, I really adapted to Roman Polanski. Was it strange and exotic satisfaction? You know, the movies were smuggled from the Soviet bloc. Movies that are so sensitive to beauty to cry weeks later. Movies that you want to live with Polish women, one, then decide to get them the last. Here's what I did. I took what I knew would be my favorite Polanski movie and leave it aside. I did not look at him. I put off until I thought I'd be big enough to earn it. Over the years, I would be tested, my ability to surround the beauty and I will paint it without taking it. Probably there are several Poles who worked on it, practicing that they deserve Chopin. I love to earn femininity when I see her. Trying to get to the edge. Recently I achieved something as a guarantee that it was time to get this out. I already knew that I had already passed the time when this would work optimally, because I already saw and understood the "9th Gate". If you do not know this, it's about a man who innocently rents a room in which the previous tenant (who is called the story) jumped out of the window, and later died after this man (played by Polanski). What's happening is that the time gets bent and he becomes this woman. We're overwhelmed to believe that he's just crazy. But the way we follow him, he is not. He only has flashes that the world is normal, and that the people surrounding him are not part of the creators that distort his reality. The story hardly matters. It is important how Polankins shapes this thing, both in the way it inhabits the eye that only makes edges, and in the housing of a body that consists only of confused meat. Two never meet. There is a dissonance that can persecute me for the next 30 years. Is it an idea of ​​inside and outside without any edges? in addition to reddish wigs. I know that no one else can do this, this sketch that remains sketch, this horror that remains natural. The genius of this, you must know one of the biggest films ever made; "The last window." The genius of this film is the post-noir show that the camera shapes the world; that the viewer creates a story. What Roman is doing is to take this film and turn it upside down. In Rear Window, the idea was that the on-screen viever (Jimmy Stevart) was an anchor and everything else was a fiction, woven as we watched. Here the tenant on the screen is the director. We know that. We know that everything we see is the truth because he is a narrator. We know that it is true that the bodies change their identity, that the time changes, that the causality is plastic. We know the narrator will kill us. We know that the narrator will leave us in a constant horror, on the edge that he impose, but he never shows and allows us to imagine. Ted Evaluation - 4 of 3: Every cynical person needs to experience this.
