After his classic film noir homage Chinatovn, Roman Polanski returned to the subjects that gave him his greatest hits in the 1960s with this terrible psychological horror that, like Repulsion and Rosemary's Babi, deals with paranoia and claustrophobia created by the apartment. > The claustrophobic environments are those that Polanski best created, and that must be the most entrenched and limited image he has ever created. The emphasis on the side walls and distant points of disappearance is greater than ever, and even in a small number of external scenes, the sky is rarely seen. But the Tenant is not only closed spatial, but also the intensity with which he focuses on his protagonist. Trelkovski, whom Polanski himself played, is not only in every scene, he is practically every recording. When he is not on the screen more often than not, the camera becomes a look at Trelkovsky. And, of course, almost everywhere he sees, he sees his reflections staring at him in the mirror. I can not imagine any movie that is more about internalization and solitude of one character. Some psychological thieves, such as M or Peeping Tom, manipulate us to condemn the mentally ill protagonists. Others, like Psychas, are trying to deepen the scientific analysis of his mental state. The tenant does not fit into any of these categories ?? simply plunges us completely into the experience of Trelkovsky without the requirement that we truly understand or appreciate what is happening in his head. We feel his paranoia and obsession, although they are constantly revealed to be irrational. Polanski was also a master slowly turning the horror movie. Often in his horrors, there is ambiguity about whether something really is going on in vain, but they are among the most effective in the scary audience. Why? Precisely because they are so slowly developing and investing so much time in the painstaking setting of the situation that the viewer plunges into paranoia. Much later, the Polanski horor, The Ninth Gate is a bit of a mess, but at least it succeeds in reaching this creepy feeling of fear. This is a rare opportunity to see Polanski's main role. His talent in front of the camera was as good as behind him, and he is absolutely perfect as a meek Trelkovsky. Another exceptional performance is the one that is often overlooked by Shellei Vinters as a goalkeeper. In fact, it's pretty stellar, although many famous faces seem inadequate in this strange, gothic European film. Also, unfortunately, many French actors in supporting roles are terribly called in the English version. The tenant is more playful and less pretentious than the Repulsion, but he lacks the uncertainty and character that makes Rosemari's Babi so ecstatic and funny. The leaseholder is good, without major shortcomings, and Polanski was in top form as a director, but he is not among his most demanding works.
