Westerno Anthony Mann and Jimmy Stevart are slowly gaining positions for that director with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best film director in that genre. He certainly knows how to give the dimension to a good guy Stevart - there's Jimmy's advantage in Mann's films, which is slowly showing off to the audience. In VINCHESTER in '73, it was Stewart's relationship with his brother and how he turned him into a revenge figure. Here is the view "I believe only myself", which leads to one complication for another. Even before the film began to work properly, he (like Jeff Webster) killed two of his hired cowboys who helped drive cattle to Seattle for some sort of dispute (we are never sure of that - whether they wanted to leave the livestock unit , or tried to steal cattle). He meets his game at Skagvai, the port he must reach in order to take his flock to Davson. The scouting boss is a so-called married man named Gannon (John McIntire) who resembles the real boss of Skagvai in Gold Rush Jefferson Soapi Smith and Judge Roi Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would be as bad as Gannon pretended every chance in the chance for a little money. The Stewart herd interrupted the public suspension - so that (as a fine) the herd was seized (which will later be sold for Gannon's profit). Stevart is a partner with Ben (Valter Brennan - who has surprisingly surprised his last Oscar player, Judge Roi Bean). They join Rube Morris (Jai C. Flippen) and meet two women, a sophisticated castle Rhonda (Ruth Roman) and a friendly and helpful Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but has previously helped Jeff to escape power in Seattle. However, she has a similar attitude: "I only believe" to Jeff. He's offering him a job to get supplies for himself, Davson. He, Ben and Rube are going, but at night (while others sleep) they come back and steal cattle. Rene follows and warns them that Gannon and his associates are following. Jeff keeps Gannon long enough for herds to be brought over the Canadian border, although Gannon points out that, as Jeff had to return through Skagvai, Gannon can wait until he hangs on. The reunited Rhonda and Jeff party split up on the track to take Davson, and Jeff opted for a longer and safer road. After being proven to be right, they follow his route and arrive at Davson only to discover that there is an element of lawlessness that threatens the community for the sake of gold. The herd was sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee began to look. Soon there will be two groups in Davson City. One leader Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson want to build a decent city. But Mounties will not set up a station in Davson for months. The second, which turns around the Rhonda's "dancing salon", is in a congressional meeting with Gannon that has a huge jumping algorithm using his band of guns (Robert J. Vilke - really scary in one sequence with Chubby Johnson and Jai C Flippen, Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to stay away from both, and starts with his new wealth and Ben for the ranch who want in Yuta. But will he get there? And will Jeff stay neutral? The performances are here, including Stewart as a man who is ready to face all the wills, but would otherwise be calm. Brennan plays one of his patented old coders, whose love for good coffee has unexpectedly poor results. Flippen is at first drunk, but tragedy and responsibility shake him in a better spirit of mind - and one who has the chance to verbally strike Stevart into the heart using Stevart's own words against him. McIntire would achieve fame on television at VAGON TRAIN, replacing Vard Bond, but his work in Mann's films shows his abilities as a criminal (such as his opportunist in the trade, who himself dominates VINCHESTER in '73). He, as has been said elsewhere in this subject, is really slim - but he has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mix of opportunists and human beings, whose destiny is determined by her better feelings. A Calvert is also the voice of conscience and the boundary of "Gigi" is aware that she is more than a young girl, but a woman who is full. Best of all is the Canadian rock - as beautiful in its own way as using the Monument Vallei by John Ford. Mann surely did the first job that was directed by this movie, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
