Roman Polanski is considered one of the most important directors of our time, like the mind behind classics such as "Rosemari's Babi" and "Chinatovn". What makes Polanski's cinema very interesting is the fact that it is capable of producing commercially attractive films such as the mentioned masterpieces, and likes to make low-quality films that are more personal in nature. "Le Locataire", or "The Tenant", is one of those films; horror / tension is a story of paranoia and obsession that is among his best works and probably among the best horror films ever made. Polanski personally plays Telkovsky, a young man looking for a flat in France. When he finally finds it, he finds it empty because the previous occupant Simone Choule tried to kill himself by jumping out of the window. After Simone died of injuries, Trelkovsky began to be obsessed with her, to the extent that she believed her death was caused by other tenants in the building. While sharing the same claustrophobic sense of his other "flats thematic" films ("Repulsion" and "Rosemari's Babi"), this film focuses on a bizarre plot that may or may not be completely in the head of Trelkovsky, the catastrophic consequences that paranoia has in mind, and a bizarre obsession with the previous tenant. Trelkovsky descended into darkness, and Polanski perfectly showed it, while at first glance his performance seemed strange and timeless, slowly it is revealed that Polanski works so well because Trelkovski should have behaved in this way, as o stupid with almost no life, caught in a trap in this rejuvenated underworld inhabited by a crowd of bizarre people who really gave life to people in the building creating unforgettable characters and are very important for the success of the film. <br /> <br /> < > Also, the beautiful cinema used by Polanski in the movie helps to increase the feeling of isolation and life in a beautiful building that serves as a cage for Trelkovsky. The powerful image Polanski uses to convey the feeling of confusion and madness of supernatural beauty that makes them scary and attractive and M. If the film can find fault, it's definitely. initially a bit slow. this may sound like exclusion, but in fact the slow start of the work functions perfectly, because it mimics the boring life of Trelkovsky and gradually enters another area. Also, a tangled story is definitely not easy to understand because of the many complex layers it has. However, more than a cracks, the joy is to confront a challenging country like this one. While the "tenant" may not be for everyone, for those who are interested in psychological horror and surreal stories will be satisfied with the experience. "Le Locataire" is indeed one of the masterpieces of Roman Polanski. 10/10
