This is mainly the story of a growing relationship between Jeff Waverster (Jimmy Stevart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). Jeff briefly likes a brief meeting on the deck of the steamship to Skagvai, and a longer look when he is hiding in his cabin while the authorities are seeking him to charge him with murder. They found that they had some common things except for the attraction of animals. Nobody believes a member of the opposite sex, obviously because they were both married to their spouses who deceived them. Gradually, they learn to trust each other as they travel from Skagwia to Davson. But Ronda obviously has close contacts with corrupt sheriff Gannon and is engaged in some shady trainings in his salon in Skagvai. In the end, he must decide between Gannon and Jeff. In the meantime, Rene, a young naive French woman, immediately takes the affection towards Jeff, but in return gets only offensive bullets. Nevertheless, she keeps him on his travels from Skagwia to Davson and his activities around Davson. Together with Ronda, she restores her health after Jeff is left to die from Gannon's gunmen to his golden suit. Valter Brennan, like Ben, serves as Jeff's longtime assistant. He does not have a meat role, but serves to relieve Jeff's hard edges. His death symbolically opens the door for a replacement for a friend Jeff. John McIntire (like Sheriff Gannon) seems to be probably the most charismatic evil city boss you'll ever see on the film, leaving charm and humor with his violence. Obviously, he sees something of himself in Jeff, constantly saying that he will like it. He made a convincing incarnation of the infamous Soapi Smith, who spent the last year in Skagvai, as one of the prime ministers of his time. Jeff is an essential antichor, a loner (except for a companion) Ben), who does not want to hold his neck for others, even when he knows he is the right man for the job. In this sense, he is very similar to Burt Lancaster's character in Vera Cruz, for example. Therefore, Jeff not only refuses to do the job of Marshal Doson, but is convinced that he will leave Dawson after Gannon's team has made clear intentions to take over all of the legally legitimate golden claims, while some miners are removed and suggested that the rest of the hustle be removed. exit from Davson. Even Ronda suggests that she and Jeff hack from Davson while still alive. Then, suddenly changing his heart, Jeff obviously still craves for the vengeance of breaking Ben and himself. He changes from an anti-hero to a hero and leads the expulsion of Gannon's gang from Davson. In that sense, he is different from Lancaster's character, who has never reformed (But did Jeff really change, or only refuses to commit crimes against his own interests?) The main problem that I see with complication is two principled women. Clearly, Ronda is arranged as a real woman who can tame Jeff. Although clearly identified as a "bad" girl, Jeff has a hidden past, shot at least 5 men in the US or Iukon and stole him from the Gannon cattle. Ironically, shortly after Jeff moved from the anti-hero to the hero, Rhonda made a similar change in the running on the street to warn Jeff for Gannon's impending ambush. As a result, he dies and Jeff asks why she has not only been worried about her (supposedly abandoned religion!). It is clear that Corine Calvert, like Renee, simply does not know the credible replacement for dead Ron, in Jeff's mind. However, the obvious implication of the farewell scene is to gather, although Jeff never gives her a kiss or a hug. Her image as a good, though naive, young woman, was somewhat compromised by her job at the Rhondo Salon, which struck miners who trampled on their golden dust, pushed the powder over the floor and later returned it. I am very unclear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged miner who is following and working with her. (He is not her father). Another problem is the amateur handling gun fighting between Jeff and Gannon's gang. Had Gannon had any pistol skills at all, he should have killed or seriously wound Jeff under that walkway before Jeff did the same. And how did Jeff's badly fired right then suddenly become good enough to fire a gun with ease? I wonder what Jeff and his friends did to save the avalanche victims. They were too far away to get them alive under the snow. And why did most Rhonda's horses and mules not be buried with avalanches? You will see a multitude of probably nameless, but familiar faces between the miners and the Gannon gangs. Sequences recorded in Canadian cliffs provide a stunning background to the action. All in all, a very entertaining western, with most major drawbacks concentrated at the end. Undoubtedly, this film brings some great freedoms with history and geography, especially in the part that takes place in Canadian Iquon, which is in fact much more than the American Skagvai.
