EXTREMITIES is a disturbing but still squeezed version of the play by Villiam Mastriosimone (who customized his own screenplay) about a woman who was assaulted in a car by a potential rapist on the way home in the night and is terrified of the fact that the man has got a purse and knows where she lives. After her roommates go to work the next day, the guy appears with her and tries to rape her. The story has a surprising turning point when, at one point, the woman turns tables on a man and can overpower him; but when he realizes there is no way to try rape, even if a man is arrested, he will just go out, she decides to keep him in the house until she receives a confession from him. Far-left? Maybe. Worrying? Definitely, but there is a beautiful claustrophobic feeling about this film, especially in the middle with only the woman and her attacker, that you can not feel the whole part of what's happening. I did not see the show on Broadway, but I imagine that this piece works better on the scene, but that does not make this film less attractive experience. Farrah Faucett, one of the last actors on Broadway, received the role of Marjorie in the movie version and delivers a tense and deep-moving performance as a victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics thought that Favcett's performance was one of the notes, but for me, Marjorie was a woman who was completely dead by passing, and the performance suits me. James Russo, in his career, is slim and threatening as a potential raider who believes that Marjorie is a far greater challenge than he had assumed. Alfre Voodard and Diana Scarvid perform as Marjorie's roommates, who are returning home after Marjorie has mastered the guy and tied it up and put them in their fireplace upon arrival. And this is the arrival of roommates who bring the story to an unexpected level because they did not see what we saw Marjorie go through and because of that, I think they should call the police and let them deal with him. Not for the weak heart, but if you can do it, an exciting film experience anchored by performing a performance that will surprise you.
