This revision owes its existence solely to a review. We take a weekly TV magazine to see what's happening and decide at the right time what we're going to watch. Compulsory, there are short reviews on most of the movies that will be shown on the five major earth channels. In addition to prose, each film is awarded with a rating of 1 to 5 stars. 5 means Do not miss (superior above 4 for Excellent!), Up to 1 for Poor. From a wealth of experience, we learned that, with a few exceptions, the stars are rewarded for gross taste, ugly tongue, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood and courage, and especially the killing of a hero / heroine precisely when they all wanted to live happily ever after. (If this is not done, the film is portrayed as "predictable" - the worst offensive idea!) Brave new girlfriend got only one star, which suggested that this candidate is worth our time and attention. It has also confirmed the description of the film reviewer as "really terrible story", and, "stupid, just stupid". We watched him, and my wife and I were happy that we did it. The TV magazine reviewer further states that the film is "not the processing of war and peace," with which we have to agree. Reading through the IMDb reviews for this title a day or two later, the urge to pick up my pencil (so to speak) to add my half-kun (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first style) for uninitiated) became unbelievable. Why we took this film? Well, it's just a matter of taste. We love attractive characters, convincing relationships between them, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, good triumph over evil and so on. We liked the integrity and personality of Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Ditza (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and two male teachers involved in the story. So, what if the story involves an 'evil witch from the west' in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), provided that she plays a role with a certain belief. We appreciated the friendship shown between two maidens, and one had a financially challenged upbringing from a loving mom, and the other that had every material advantage, but she got a little parental time and affection. Is it strange that Ditz felt the way she did with Holly's Mum? Is it surprising that Grant should immediately be interested in the Holi, given the way they met for the first time, Holly's brilliant smile and her vibrant self-sustainment? I think these questions and events are convincing enough, but it must be pretended that scholarships and other circumstances are realistic so that the story has its own ambience. My wife and I are very blessed. so that there is no significant musical education. This allows us to enjoy the sounds that create instruments and voices, and that our critical abilities do not go unnecessarily into our listening and thus spoil the experience. We also enjoyed classical pieces and pop music, which came to us on TV, and we were not affected by the lack of talent. Also, it did not matter that Holly was a classical vocal someone else called. We enjoyed the movie enough to look for a DVD. The average price we paid for a movie disc in our collection currently stands at £ 4.9484 (rounded to four decimal places). A brave new girlfriend was available from a trustworthy vendor at Amazon Marketplace for 1.3516 pounds (rounded to four decimal places) above this figure. Such a purchase would increase the average. Why would I mind that, it's a mystery to me, but this is the testimony of our enjoyment in this film that we have already posed. I assigned this film to 7 IMDb stars of ten, after I agreed to one of those who were thrilled with the reception of the audience, one for Britney advertising and one for something that I can not remember right now. (In case it did not fall, this review is an anthem in celebrating the use of brackets!)
