(SPOILERS IN THE FIRST PARAGRAPH) The antinemic sentiment of this film seems painfully dated, but this is a great example of a great war propaganda. It was made while Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director. (Ignore all his later awards for the best film academy, he never made a good soundtrack.) In this film, there is a lack of comedy of most other Pickford's other films, and in fact it was DeMille's movie, not Pickford. The desecration of the Germans can be compared with the way in which the "Patriot" of 2000 did the same to the British. The only good German movie in the movie was a reluctant scoundrel with the ironic name of Austreheim. They even had Pickford on an unfortunate trip to a luxury boat that attacked the German submarine. So, what will the Americans raise more to the war? Sinking Lusitania, or watching the American favorite Canadian import sinking in it? In the whole film, DeMille leads his protagonists from a terrible accident to another, barely avoiding death, hypothermia, depravity, rape, executions, and explosions that take place in the right place to keep it unharmed. The way it is saved from the shooting water is nothing more convincing than the way people in "Jure Park" are eventually saved from the velocitry. If I were more disgruntled with such a propaganda, I would have been punished for having partly German origin. Was it a good movie? In addition to the witty running around the Americans abroad thinking that they are untouchable ?? That was obviously a joke even then? You may not be having fun. You will find it more than a little melodramatic and obviously one-sided, but the first thing that came to my mind after I watched it was years before the Potemkin's false display of the massacre that revolutionized the language of cinema as well as the film potential for propaganda. That's why I asked myself: what has become Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the sound of the sound and the "Biggest performances on Earth" it seemed to have lost its ambition. Ben Hur seemed dear, but he was not ambitious. In one sentence this film is for 1) film historians, 2) silent films, 3) fans Mari Pickford, or 4) DeMille fans, if such a person exists.
