This first-class Western Goldfish story brings great excitement, romance, and James Stuart to the screen. "Far Countri" is the only one of all five of Stevart-Man's Westerns who are often overlooked. Stevart, again, puts a new glimpse of the ubiquitous figures he had in five Stevart-Mann Westen. Jeff Webster (Stevart) is careless, he always cares about himself, which is why he is so surprised when people are nice and kind to him. Ironically, he carries a bell on his saddle that will not drive without him. This shows that he could take care of only one person - his assistant, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, because Tatum gave him that. Mann, again, puts a new look at the ubiquitous figures he put into the five Stevart-Mann Western. It shows violence, excitement, complications, romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, ended up in the town of Davson, rich in quick fortunes, along with the golden partners Calvet and Flippen, and the poor, but beautiful Roman and her hired men. They are not able to leave because they will be guilty of the sheriff. Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" hang, because it is the only way out through Skagvai, which is the city of Gannon. But, in the end, McIntire comes to them, but not to collect Stevart and / or his sentence allegedly owed to the government. Why is McIntire here? He is here to steal miners from his claims and money. People were killed. Sheriff for Davson is considered necessary, and Calvet chooses Stevart because he is good with a pistol. Stevart, however, refuses to work, as he plans to get everything he can and then retreat. He rejects it because he does not like to help people, because law and order always kill someone. So, Flippen was elected. The mine was killed because it was trying to confront one of Gannon's men, a pure syllable, a funny fan named Madden, carrying two pistols, played by Vilke. Flippen tries to arrest Madden and realizes that justice is satisfied, but he can not stand up against it, and becomes a drunkard. A man named Iukon replaces Flippen. Stevart and Tatum are starting to retreat, but Gannon's men have been slaughtered. Tatum was killed, and Stevart was wounded. Stevart finally realizes that he has to do something, or Gannon will take over Davson, set his rules and become his city, just like Skagvai. The audience also understands what Stevart has to do. Another thing that the audience realizes is that Stewart is the only thing standing between the citizens and Gannon. If Stevart leaves, Gannon will take over the city. If Stewart stays and continues to do nothing, citizens will be killed one by one mercilessly and useless. There is a big scene here. Stevart enters his cabin. He has a strap on his hand. For a few seconds, his pistol, in a gun, hangs on a pillar next to his bed, the gun is close, Stevart is in the background, just inside the door. Staring at it for a few seconds. He throws a strap. The heel falls on the back of the chair and falls to the floor. This is symbolic, because he casts out his old life, which consisted in not taking care of anyone but himself. He comes into his new life, he helps people when they need help. What ends up with the film is the flame of firearms, an angry show of good against evil, and a true feeling of good feeling that everything will be fine.
