I really like this show. I can immediately see how he achieved a cult status. It is original and provokes thoughts. For some reason, I never felt such a resonance that I could. It does not fit with the type of open door, the winter cold that should have been from such a terrible premise. Every time I watch an episode, I find myself encouraging myself and encouraging me to answer some sort of unimportant, formless question. just an opinion. Different moves for different people. I would like to see more scenes in the "American Gothic" that were shot at night. There's too much daylight in this show and I think she had a tendency to confront uncertainty. Still, we are not afraid of daylight. We are worried about what's in the shadows. The devil is not always in detail. What we do not see is often the most horrible. Second - and this is what will likely lead to tar and feathers: Gary Cole is an extremely talented actor ... a character actor. I followed his career in The Brady Bunch, which makes it hard for me to say that he was probably wrong as Lucas Buck. He is almost too petrochemical, too sympathetic to be the appearance of evil, even according to biblical standards. Lucas Buck is a narcotic. He's Heroin. He freely deals with the kitchen laboratory next to the gallon Drain-O. Keep going back, although you know the end will be madness, and death. He should be like an outright loan. He is the creator of the book, but also indescribable condemnation. Of course. You got the money, and soon you'll have broken fingers; a cut off arm, a broken head, and finally, a goddamn soul. If we turn to Buku, it is an act of desperation, and whenever it is nearby, there should be some direct, ambient finality - with an interest every day - in the air. Everything is great, everything is tied, and until you understand it, you will also know it's too late. Bringing me to three: Bucka showed too often. He is in most of the scenes, in fact, why he may have lost his advantage. The Sheriff would be like a mythology in the neighborhood. He's an apocryphal acquaintance. Many would know about him, but only a handful of unhappers would know him. It would be a flashback, and secretive conversations, and the perfect person to express this exposure would be a replica character portrayed by Nick Searcy. Four, the performance could be very independent Attention - at fault, some would say - and this was characterized by a whistle "Meet me in a fishing hole" in a pilot series. I think we have already identified what Cassidy and Raimi fired against him. We probably did not need a concept shipped through Fed Ek. I realized that in the first five minutes, for me, the piano on the head was unnecessary. These remarks are all about what would, for me, make a good show. I also understand that the producers had their own, unique style, and that there was a lot of hand in the soup. In their constant search for LCD programming, the network played a certain role in the fall of this series. The least that these cute suits could do is to broadcast episodes in a row. > Get real. In any case, it's a big loss for fans of the genre, and for random viewers.
