Definitely spoilers in this review! I ** I love American Gothic and I did it since I first saw it late in the night when I first appeared on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14 years old. Comparisons with Stephen King are just right. It is supernaturally spooky in a small town, but with fantastic layered characters. Best of all, and the reason I love him so much is that he had the courage to never be black and white! Lucas Buck, though lacking conscience, often works, as he says, giving people enough rope to obey. His manipulation works only because of the low morale of other people. Caleb, although a generally thoughtful, kind, discerning boy, can sometimes show the latent dark side that he inherited from his father. None of the characters is completely good or bad because even angelic Merlin has shown a frightful side through a reckless vengeance at The Plague Sover. Not only that, but Gail, the closest thing to the mother's figure for Caleb, not only sleeps but already falls in love with Lucas, despite all she knows, she made me realize that this show will not apologize there for that. I'm a big fan of Buffy, but when that show tried to go dark in the later seasons, she broke down poorly because she lost the funny side and did not devote entirely to her ideas. AG shows you can have a morally bankrupt character at the heart of the show, and you still have a funny job. I can not even think why it was canceled like me. I'll just be too angry about the ridiculousness of all this. So much waste on TV and good, original shows is kicked and pushed. Thanks to the appearance of a DVD, at least I can see the show as a whole! Yes, some of the images now look outdated, but the nasty strange atmosphere is well enough provided through the stories. Actors also give such perfect performance that they are more than compensating for some strange operation of the camera. The only reason I think that someone does not like this show is that it's not like X-files where there are cases of "resolving" or "lost" where there are huge questions without response. It's pretty obvious that Lucas Buck will have some kind of evil power, and that the show is all about the fight for Caleb's soul. So this show could interfere with people seeking a purpose or an unknown 'truth' to find them. Yes, there are some mysterious aspects without answers, with someone like the truth about Gail's parents being resolved, but unlike Lost and X-Files, this show does not try to find out more "fact" about what's happening in the IMO -u. These are all about the characters and the way they have to face moral choices in the distorted world of the Trinity. Personally I would just get out of this way if Lucas turned every situation into his own favor. All in all, the main thing I must say is CHECK IT OUT. I'm pretty sure that most fantasy / horror fans will love this. Despite being canceled, all the characters have bows and it's enough to give a small sense of closing in the finals. The only thread I hung was Dr. Matt. It's weird not to be in the final episodes. I would do anything for the second season, but at least full of 22 episodes exist, and maybe some TV actors seem to be careless. !
