This time, Blackadder is no longer royal (or even very close to any such thing) ... instead, rather, the battler of Prince Regent, represented by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerney, whose presence is very missed, has never been filled. ... his character was innocent charm ... while he was messy and complete moron, we can not worry about him, which is not at all the truth about his replacement, because he is unbearably rude (which, according to Trivia's page, seems to be) not to mention loud and extreme non-threats. Edmund can now do it but he is so happy that he does it and why he is so frustrated and angry (honestly, sometimes he becomes depressed) Yes, his master is crazy, they always are. It seems that he lacks money and is not in danger In the second series, the Queen it was naughty and childish, and someone cut off someone's head - or get married - it's just never enough at the cube to make any conflict exciting and interesting. There are still comments and even a few satire. They thought that history itself was ridiculous enough, so it was only repetitive, not trying to facts turn into jokes or jokes. And I can not tell you how much I understood them before they were completed, literally over a minute. It's usually not positive when you know the punchline before it's delivered. Baldrick has not changed since last season ... it's still quite pathetic and stupid, which leads to "stupid" humor. Frankly, the amount goes through the roof. Do not start with brutal things. A sarcastic, verbal spirit can still be great, although it is much less than before. I would say that about half of the episodes were quite fun and really funny, while the other three did not get into them at all. I was disappointed with the anticipation of some plots and their occurrences ... I could see many such paramilitary miles away. Some of the materials are too hard to try to be funny and encounter incredible force. This continues with the tradition begun by the "II" release of plans to work occasionally. The topic is the worst of the crowd, the sequential credits being the least creative. All in all, this is by far the least favorite of four. I recommend it to fans of franchise and British comedy in general. 7/10
