Just saying that you have a film about John Holmes is a guarantee that some people will be in front of the screen, but writer / director James Cock brings a lot more. The movie "Rasamon" of that bad Hollywood set, the film separates Wonderland from July 1981 through various angles (and film stocks), but mainly through the John Holmes filter that has invaded the brain of the weasel. In a movie full of bad guys, Holmes is either the most dangerous, sadest, or both. Several versions of the stories appear and merged while Cock flashes and jumps the cuts and twists the title cards amid effects and emotions. Dialogue is fast and natural and never rings wrong. As the film unfolds two years after Holmes fell from pornography and brought into a genuinely evil drug that was feeding deformity, Kilmer tirelessly exudes sexuality so intensely that it can be measured in inches. This sexuality on its edges creates a sense of anticipation that overwhelmed the whole film almost as much as the violence at its center. These killings are teased throughout the film, although they have never been clearly demonstrated, even at the height, although the violence of them unwittingly creates an entire picture and a lot of blood is spattered on the walls and photographs of the crime. Once again, Val Kilmer as Holmes showed that he can act better than anyone else. Kilmer is constantly in character, and the character is a constantly fascinating wreck of the car. Separate appearances next to Kilmer certainly include Ted Levine as the chief investigator in the investigation, and Lisa Kudrov as Holmes is a distraught woman. The trio of criminals to whom Holmes enters is a scary high energy Josh Lucas, always interesting Timothy Blake Nelson and absolutely unrecognizable Dylan McDermott in the key role as another version of the killings. The Chok suggests that no matter how much we learn about the land of wonder, a worse version is always possible, but looking through the wraps around it is far more fascinating than understanding the truth.
