Unfortunately, in cases such as these, there are so many conflicting stories as everyone is trying to blame others that it's almost impossible to get a clear picture of what really happened. This film is the victim of such circumstances. The writers (too many of them) decided to take ALL stories and hand them over to the audience to enable them to decide which version of the truth they like best. As in real life, there is no clear answer, there is no conclusion, and the audience remains with the general hacking of non-fulfillment (such as coffee without caffeine, or sex without climax). Those who do not have any help are generally frustrating and wonder why someone did not engage in research before they put him there. At least you promote your movie as a fiction if that's what it is (and that's it). This does not mean that there are not some great performances here. Kilmer (like Holmes) has an extraordinary role, bringing some humanity to something that is otherwise unpleasant. Kilmer and real-life lovers and friends who consulted on the film let the audience see the selfish, worried human being who, although his faults were numerous and great, loved and cared for by many people (except themselves). Kudrov, like Holmes' wife, only gives a gimmick of a dramatic actress that can be, but it is very noticeable and unforgettable light. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as she could and should have shown more internal conflict to entrust what eventually happened between Dawn and Holmes (she turned it 6 months after they fled to Florida). Bosworth's apple-shaped performance is tedious at times, sometimes touching, but it does not show any backbone that Schiller had. Other characters fade in wooden material that is damaging. Lucas is an excellent performer who could stamp his roles on this role that he was made for him. Even Dilan McDermott was surprisingly capable in his role as a biker dealing with drugs. The breakdown of this film is not in this film, but in writing. Too many cooks spoil the soup, and this teapot, filled with such a promise, eventually leaves hunger. The story and the characters may have been less than sympathetic, but in which film of this kind are not so? Other films, such as the 1989 cowboy played by Matt Dillon (who was allegedly asked to take up the role and refused), worked with similar themes and mastered to the extent that you felt the relationship with the main character by the end of the film . what he did. Van Sandt could give James Cock and his team a few lessons. If someone tried to find the truth, that would be an intriguing story. As you can see, following the VADD the documentary will be more delicious (in a DVD with two discs) and much more informative. On DVD you will realize that Holmes was not a bad guy, but he is not even good.
