John Holmes is so famous, he is notorious (as the Three Amigos would say). This is a story like Rashomon about the events surrounding Wandererland's killings in the early 1980s, in Los Angeles. The story consists of persuading several participants. There is a story from a friend's perspective, which is David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is a participant in robbery at Eddie Nash's site (Eddie Nash is a notorious drug dealer - and he is presumed to be the same character as Alfred Molin playing in Boogie Nights) and is heavily involved in the drug scene. There is the perspective of John Holmes (played by Val Kilmer), which makes him a pawn stuck between two kings (with a severe case of craving for cocaine). There are also collage memories of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrov) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth) that fill the space between the two stories. It's basically the same time frame we're looking at, just the version of each character. The only thing missing is the perspective of dead people. Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights portrays John Holmes as a gentle heroic character, with a tragic but comical karma. He's a caricature of a real person. He was a smaller, mixed-up kid who got what he got through his "big" endowment. Director James Cock turns comedy and makes this episode into John's night life for all of us who are watching. Details of actual murders make this film even more silly. Val Kilmer took what he learned about Jim Morrison from Doors, improved the performance of the Salt Sea, and then increased it further to bring us down John Holmes through cocaine. All actors extract very realistic views of cocaine addicts. Josh Lucas's performance stands out as one of the best in the film. He plays Ron Launius (I think this figure should be the same as the character of Thomas Jane from the Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the gang, he loved John Holmes to be a novelty, and that cocaine-like cravings like sharks enjoyed the blood. The use of cocaine seems so realistic that one can think. Did they really use Splenda ?? Where Boogie Nights has a sense of purity (lots of colors and 70's of nostalgia), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, with many jumps. It's tough and grainy. There is no comedy, just an uninterrupted speed, as if the director is trying to get us into a nervous, fast and high level of cocaine to make us feel like they are feeling. This is a graphic film. It has one of the most intense scenes I've ever seen in a movie. This actually shows the killings itself (through the eyes of John Holmes at first and then from the perspective of a third person). So it's graphic, it looks like police evidence of a crime. I had to stop after this scene and remember that it was just a movie. This film is definitely not recommended to everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those who are interested in the other side of John Holmes. Celluloid rehabilitation
