Lately I'm used to buying any interesting DVD that Criterion publishes. I think that even if I do not like the movie, the Criterion usually gives enough additional material to make up for any shortcomings in the real movie. I read them and bought the ones that are most interesting to me. Le Million is my latest purchase and I have to say that I was not disappointed in the movie. It's fun, fun and romantic. Everything about that is great. The songs are wonderful. If I understood French, I would probably be buzzing and singing all day. The acting is very good for this kind of film. American musicals of the classical Hollywood era rely heavily on song and dance of real characters and stories, but in Le Million, the characters are pretty well developed and talked, although nothing is very impressive, it was not missing at all. I liked the development of relationships, especially the relationship between former best friends Michelle and Prosper. Romantic moments are also very developed. The direction is almost perfect, with a few very unforgettable moments. Probably the most perfect film scene appears immediately after the main pair has an argument. They hide on the opera stage, while opera singers sing lines that the couple, Michel and Beatrice interpret, in their situation. This is definitely one of the highlights in the history of the film. The scene managed to make me laugh, win me with a very sweet romantic, and make me smile how smart the director was. I'm giving this movie 9/10. P.S. - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in the criterion that I am working on and plans to buy. Among the Criterion disks I now own, Le Million has the fewest features. Everything he has is a photogallery (it's not all useful; it can be flipped once) and a rare TV interview with Rene Clair, the director. This work is interesting. He was one of many directors who began to deal with a silent film, and when the first puzzles appeared, he said they were the death of the film. I think that most people thinking about the film understand what these directors thought when they said it, but it's interesting to hear it explain it. Also, if you read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, keep in mind that they have made a mistake in one important way: not every line in the movie is sung. In fact, it contains no more songs than an ordinary musical. It's actually much more like Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Mark Brothers. My reviews on the disc are not that important. The criterion has the right to beat me for these complaints. The fact is that their people probably spent hundreds of hours fixing a movie for which only 20 (now 21!) People voted for imdb, and only about a hundred people, if so, will ever see a movie. Well, if you look at the website's criteria, Le Million is out of nowhere. I have no idea why not. This is something we should be proud of (of course, their website is surprisingly terrible). They did a good job on this movie. Well done! They deserve all the money I can bear to give them!
