Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who is just beginning to do some social work, was sent to help an elderly half-catatonic woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her previous guard, Ioko (Ioko Maki), disappears. Karen soon learns that something is wrong in Emma's home, and she is trying to "see how a deep rabbit hole goes." Perhaps this is a delayed impact from the success of films M. Night Shiamalana, but slow, underrated horror films are a recent trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), access works extremely well, and in others, such as Vhite Noise (2005), pacing aims at killing the movie. I did not like Grudge just as much as Hide and Seek, but this is still a very good movie - he earns 9 out of 10 of me. Grudge has several significant differences from other recent examples of this trend. First, it is well known that this remake is based on a Japanese film series that began with Ju-On (2000) (in particular, it is very close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3). , since 2003). Secondly, as with many Japanese horror films, slower pace is not so much in realistic drama as Surrealism. As with the high percentage of European horror, Grudge should be viewed more like a recorded nightmare. Director Takashi Shimizu, also the director of five Japanese entries in the Ju-On series to date (the fifth is currently in production), and writer Stephen Susco is largely discarded from linearity and not overly concerned with logic or planning hole when it comes to the horror behind the story. Instead, the idea is to show the sequence of dreams, with the dream logic, where the focus is the atmosphere, creepiness, mysterious, and for many viewers - afraid. How well a movie works for you will largely depend on how well you can adapt, or you are accustomed to, this different approach to making a movie (although, though, some of the apparent voids are filled in by previous entries in the Ju-On series). Traditionally, the American audience thinks that the disadvantages that leave the threads of threads and give up the "rules" for the "monster." An even more poetic, metaphorical, surreal approach to the film has not yet been accepted by the mainstream in the United States. However, even if you're not used to it, it's worth trying to stop your normal prejudices about movies and give a grudge a shot. This is a well written, well-directed, acting movie, filled with unusual features, such as the story intertwined with a large number of "main characters" (which is better here than episodic Ju-On 3), good cinematography, subtle production features (see Gellar- this outfit, which corresponds to the color and texture of the exterior of Emma's home, when Gellar first approaches), and beautifully effective materials for horror. Although it's slower that your average horror movie from the past, pacing usually improves semblance, and there is no shortage of bizarre events that would entertain horror fans. The supernatural presumption of the film is absorbed and, based on the Shimizu DVD's DVD interviews, encouraged me to devote more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. Although the most interesting subtexts are likely to arise with a more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it's interesting to consider why so many Japanese horror films are characterized by scary children and adults who look like scary children. I deduct one point for a movie that gently turns into a clichéed mystery / thriller territory with "here's what really happened" with a flashback, but even that was pretty good, otherwise it would have been 10 out of 10. Now that I said all of the above, let me finish with mini-humorous: it's not that I'm an anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that American distributors and studios feel we need remake of foreign movies to make them suitable for consumption. Original versions of these films should only be released in US theaters. There is no need to represent an almost identical film, but only the replacement of white American actors with non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a fine movie, but in the end, I'd rather see something original using this talent, and I'll deal with the latest foreign horror films - not just Japanese, but also Indian, Spanish, Chinese, and so on. - In my multiplex. In the hope that someone with an attractive studio will read it, it's even more cost-effective to do, because (1) you can completely avoid production costs, and simply make local distribution jobs from which you get a profit, and (2) you can earn from fans like what I am who are usually downloading foreign DVD movies in foreign or even bootleg versions.
