It is said that David Linch's films and short films will not attract everyone. Not even Dumbland, maybe more than ever. I have the feeling that Dumbland, how people come upon him, will be the true sign 'I get it' or 'what the hell' is. This is not exactly surrealism, but absurd to the point of no return. It's also very, very, very stupid. But in this nonsense it can be some sort of ironic intelligence, that the creator knows so well how much it is childish and disgusting, and that self-consciousness is a plus, not a disdain. It's just a bunch of roughly drawn short pants - those that may not be on Hertzfeldt and Judge's Animation shovu (which, I would add, Linch has a lot in common with both directors in their work-centered lummock with IK of 20 who have a woman who is constantly shaking with fear, and a child who looks like crossed between a gingerbread and / or an alien. A salesman who can pronounce Gettisburg's address, oversees a sick son-in-law, hallucination of the ants, and just rolls on a couch with noise around All the time, Linch is still experimenting because he was always for the boo e or worse during the five years he has done on and off the Inland Empire. First, he returns to the roots of his first short film, Sik Figures Getting Sick Sik Times, in the use of repetition as it sometimes works painfully well , and sometimes not like an episode when sitting around the house does not do anything while teeth bleeding, and the flies rush around, the absurdity of the wax types and weakens without much good effect. Even an episode like the guy who came through it is ridiculous - so is for comparing Beavis & Butt-head (both laugh as idiots, and are equally preoccupied with killing the st varieties such as fish and sheep). What ultimately ends is the way Linch shows the most exciting abstractions, in the most cruel way, and excessive violence. In what is closest to Surrealism in the "ant", a guy mistakenly mistakenly bug-spray (just called "Kill", one of Linch's very cheap but fun poker on social conventions) on himself, and predicts Ants in the music line of the choir, included in the solo. One of the most horrible funny things I've ever seen from a movie director is to "grab a stick," where we just see a guy who was greeted by his son, who put his stick in his mouth. Soon the neck breaks, the eyes jump, and once when it comes to the stick, he does not care about the traffic rolling like a shaft cover. Other moments appear in this way in unexpected cracks, and it is drawn on as cheap paper with the incentive to shock with the tongue (mostly from a man, as well as from 'grandmother', which is in one of Linch's voices for the characters are the deepest of all) , and a harsh quality that resembles a cream from (early) Hertzfeldt. Anyway, I'm still not sure whether Dumbland is something I would put in someone's hand if they did not see much Lincha, let alone something from it. There are some small points about society that are made through complete exaggerations that may or may not be in Linch's mind closer than we usually think to those in real life. However, there is not a lot of things to read in it at all, which is why I would say that more than half of those who see him will hate him with passion. Those who dig pits without the bottom of animated comedy, be ready for an explosion.
