Dumland focuses on the lives of one (American) family ... Father; violent and obscene person who likes to fart and use curses and who does not have a compelling quality. Mother; who looks like a paranoid psychotic, never really speaks much. Son; an obscure boring repetitive guy. The animation is simple and coarse, but fills the stories and characters. Episodes were originally available only on davidlinch.com's website, but are now published on DVD. The DVD has 8 episodes and follows a brief synopsis: 1 - Neighbor: we meet neighbors in the neighborhood and we find out three things about him ... he has a very nice shed, he has only one hand and he likes to Doing bad things with ducks. 2 - Treadmill: We learned that women have affinity for exercise, but the husband does not actually think it's a good idea. In the end, the practice trainer won. 3 - Doctor: The father has an unhappy accident with exposed wires ... a doctoral examination is quite thorough (if not unusual), but the diagnosis is "completely normal" (but we knew it). 4. Friends' visits: After a bribe with a new clothes jack, a friend comes to visit (Believe it or not, but after knowing it we can understand why), there is no surprise when telling us what his hobbies are like. 5- Get a stick: We meet another neighbor, he has a stick in which his mouth is stuck (although we never found out how it got there). Unfortunately, removing the staff from neighbors' mouths becomes more difficult (and more violent) than expected ... but ultimately the winner ... Jesus some people can be ungrateful! 6 - My teeth bleeding: This was my favorite episode ... and was also the most amazingly repetitive and boring (hmm, what's that talk about me?). I'm not sure why the teeth of your son began to bleed, but believe me when I say that it was minimal for the plot of the story. What is oxymoron, because the story did not have a complication. But I had a funny ending (including a fly)! 7. Uncle Bob: After meeting with Uncle Bob and a Uncle Bob's wife, we have the feeling that the Dumbland genetic pool is very shallow. Uncle Bob is a sick guy (I will not work out, I will not spoil it). Uncle Bob's wife definitely wears pants in her family ... and her father definitely end up on the wrong side of her big hand (and the rest of her visit is spent in a tree in the back yard). 8 / Ants: After the home is infiltrated with ants, and an unsuccessful attempt to spray them, it goes upside down ... it ends spraying in the face with a bug spray and begins to hallucinate. The ants made an incredible song and dance performance ... he went crazy trying to kill them, end up in the plaster of the entire body ... and for example, ants eventually get their revenge. As bad as these stories were, there was something that forced me to watch them. They give another insight into the mind of one of my favorite directors. David Linch. Maybe they were the way out for him to get rid of some of his violent thoughts? In fact, I laughed out loud at many points in the episodes. Many aspects are absurdly funny !!
