The emotional powers and characters of Dominic and Eugene are things Hollywood does not do anymore. This is one of our more emotional, most sensitive films I've ever seen! Roi Liotta, Tom Hulce and accompanying actress Jamie Lee Curtis, hold Oscar Winning shows! There is not enough word to say how great this film is. Of course, people who are not in sentimental movies may not be interested in as much as we do about Dominic and Eugene, but for the rest of us, this film goes straight into the heart and only compassion and humanity. You will never forget this movie, EVER! ***** SPOILERS BED ***** ***** Simple, but eloquent story is masterfully told. Eugene is a medical intern that faces long hours and demanding workload at the hospital. His twin brother Dominick (born 12 minutes earlier) is a bit slow and uncomfortable for brain damage due to the victim's abuse by their father. (Heartbreaking moment when this is revealed in a movie that will leave you in tears!) Eugene (aka "Geno") faces a painful dilemma. He must decide whether to complete a medical school, which would mean accepting his stay in another city and leave Dominicka (aka K. "Nicki") behind him, or lose the rest of his education to take care of him. Niki helps pay your brother's school tuition at work as a garbage collector. The ethics, morals and responsibilities issues are masterfully incorporated into this film. Just as Gino thinks that Nicki may be heading for independence, Dominick turns and finishes doing things like helping a drug dealer, or tying to use a faulty cable found in a landfill on an electrical device. Larry is "The Character" and Nick's partner on a garbage truck that fills Dominick's heady heads with all kinds of stories like Genoa and Jennifer (his girlfriend, taught in clinical pharmacology) goes to Atlantic Citi and goes to gambling all their money. But deep down, you see Larry cares for him. Nicky also made friends with a little boy, whom we discovered and his father. The end result is also tragic, and the pain you see on Nick's face, when it happens, speaks a lot. The sensitivity that the two brothers share to each other can not be overstated enough. All that Nicki wants is to be loved and to seek acceptance in any case. (ie going to church, loving Hogan Hogan) Geno loves Nicky more than anything in the world. But can his brother become self-sufficient enough to make Geno realize his dream of becoming a doctor? A brilliant film that should have received more recognition than it deserved, but unfortunately came out at about the same time as Rain Man, who was dealing with similar problems. However, I prefer Dominic and Eugene because they have a much stronger emotional component. Be warned that this film is directed right to tears, so Kleenek is at hand! What a movie !!!!
