Dominick (Nicki) Luciano wears a 'Hulk' shirt and pulls daily to perform his duties as a garbage man. He uses his physical strength in raising the trash of others and pulling him to the city dump. He reads stories about heroes from comics and likes wrestling and wrestling, and going to VrestleMania with his twin brother Eugene on their birthday is an annual tradition. He speaks courteously to many people he comes in contact with during his day. He reads the comic books he finds in the trash, with a young man who often goes through the trash. Unfortunately, Dominick has a reduced ability to use his mind. He has a disability. Dominic's disability arose as a result of a head injury in which he suffered a traumatic brain injury (TBI). This injuries lowered him slowly, although he did not change his basic characteristic as a strong person helping to protect others. Dominick is actually more able to live independently than it seems at the beginning of the film. He lives with Eugene who studies to become a doctor. Dominick is the main source of income, while Eugene does not study. Eugene must face the fact that he will continue schooling in another city and must move away from Dominic. Eugene also develops a romance that separates him from the twin brother. Film deals specifically with domestic violence and how it can affect individuals, families, and then society as a whole. The tension between Eugene and Dominic, while Eugene realizes that he must finally leave Nicky, exploded on their birthday. Eugene shouts to Dominic and throws him in the wall. At this point, Eugene must face his own fear of being like his father who abused him, the father Dominic protected him while he himself became a victim of abuse. This event has strengthened the love between two brothers, who have since become best friends. Although they needed each other, they needed independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The fact that they have to be separated have become very real emotional tension. However, until the end of the film, Dominick is able to say hello to his brother and wish him luck. Eugene is able to leave his brother with the confidence that he has begun to create a social network of people who care about him and will help him in his independence. When Dominick testifies about the abuse of his friend is forced to face the cause of his own trauma. In such a state of extreme stress, Dominic almost completely switches off. Then he ran for an ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. After finding out that the boy had died, he faced a violent father who, fearing his testimony, said that he did not see anything, knew nothing, and said nothing, and that if he did, he would kill. him. Now that his own life is endangered, he goes and finds a hand-held gun that Larry used to kill rats. He went to the victory of the deceased boy and on the nišan, kidnapping a child of a grieving family. He's running away from the scene and hiding in the building. When the police surround him, Eugene goes to the building to talk to her brother. Eugene then discovers the cause of Dominic's disability and returns the baby back. The father who abused then had his own pistol that threatened to kill Dominic, but Eugene stopped him and Dominick told the mass that he saw his father throw his son down the stairs. there is a question of dysfunctional behavior. Although Dominic's instinct for saving a baby can be understood, we also see how much this answer is harmful. Dominick has put the life and life of his baby in great danger. The greater social consequences of these events are not directly implicated, but are shown through the completion of the films. Despite the optimistic ending of the portrait, there may have been another series of events in which Dominick was charged with kidnapping and possession of a firearm. It's hard to believe this is completely gone. Moreover, even if Dominik is not indicted, there can still be stigma against him in the community, and not that it was not before these events. Instead, the film shows that we must be able to recognize problematic behavior and act in order to curb it. Dominick and Eugene were released in 1988, the same year as the second film, Rainman, who won 5 awards. While Rainman was achieving and helping to increase visibility with people with disabilities, it might be argued that Dominick and Eugene hold important lessons for society. While Rainman demonstrated that American society could learn and care about the 'savant', if the 'savant' was the successor to a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with disabilities can take care and help save members of the American society. The message of an independent person with disabilities may have been too strong for 1988. We hope that one day society will see the strengths of individuals with disabilities, not as a threat, but as an imperative for the strength of society.
