I'm collecting Horror films from all around and I've seen good and bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low-budget video. Of course, the acting is bad, the story is essentially a mixture of all zombie films together and the quality is low in some places. What you find missing is that it's still fun and really fun. The effects range from, as somebody said here, a zombie with a pasty look that looks like KISS rejects really good with incredible latex work. But the reason why you buy a movie with a title like this is for the up and this movie is incredible in the area. The effects are very good for such a small movie. Someone called it Parti movie. 100% fun entertainment movie. I've heard from various sites that this is actually a "rough cut" of the movie that got a general release, but the actual "overhead cut" comes on DVD and this is a very nice quality. I'll buy it and judge it for myself. The story is basically a nuclear power plant going bad and creating zombies. The government closes it, hides the story, and sanctions the houses that will be built over it. Some plants are still underground and these undeaders come and attack the area. A few actors do a great job, there is a fairly clear social comment that is discerning and true, good music, great lighting, some effective uncertainty, and tons of blood and sick bloody. One type is attacked and torn from the lower area up to the top, if you know what I mean. His intestines are then ejected from his mouth. The other is torn in half, as in the Dai of the Dead and they have done a great job in that sense. There's a million up the heaps and it's almost ALL action. I say you stop being cute, to enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat Market. Two great undead epidemics. OK - UPDATE !!! I just got a DVD set and here's what I thought: Much better picture quality and once I managed to see the actual DIRECTORY REZ movie and it's a much better movie. I used to like it, but now I can see what Todd Sheets actually was trying to do with this. And the comment helps, listening to the sheets in detail about the movie, he knows it's an evil movie, but shows respect for all the people involved. Also, Sheets has a great sense of humor and some modest integrity from which others could learn in the film field. And behind the scene of Zombie Bloodbath is also fun. I felt it was almost as fun as a movie for which it was made. There are some great interviews and shots behind the scene, mixed with movie news from some major sites like CNN, FOKS and MTV. All in all, a fun little movie that is VERY rough over the edges, but he still laughed and enjoyed the ride! I've seen many DV movies, and some video, and many are quite boring, but this is not really. While newer DV movies are technically superior, they just are not that fun! PS - I heard that now they are doing it on a big budget ???
