Zombie Bloodbath is a movie made by zombie fans of zombie fans with the true love of the genre Horror. As I understood from the comments and the things I read, it arose during a major flood in the Midwest in 1993, when half of Missouri was under water. The buildings were under water. cars and houses were under water. An article says that zombies and crew from this movie would help the sand of the river be fired every day. The fact that the movie was shot at all is a miracle. It's like a huge crushing of every zombie movie ever made through the Troma Filter. It's a fun movie to enjoy with friends who like a bunch of characters. And it's fast, energetic and really funny. The case of toxic pouring in a nuclear power plant causes people to melt or convert to zombies. Local government is covering it, destroys the factory and builds houses over it. Some shifts on the ground (?) Cause cavern development and some new residents find a cave and release the undead in a newly built community. It just goes crazy and fun. I read these reviews here several times. It seems obvious that the same person attacked this fun little movie three times as a different reviewer, using false names. They use the same words and sentences. Zombie Bloodbath is inexpensive. She's raw. There are some bad acting. Like half of the movies. It's much worse than this funny movie. If you hate this movie so much, do not buy it. There is no need for personal attacks and for calling the crew or "Trailer Trash". And it's obvious that you are not from Australia or England. It's just disturbing that this excellent IMDb service does not catch people who use it just to destroy others. There are bad reviews and good reviews, and I do not mind. I give bad and good reviews. But it is painfully obvious that some fool wants to take advantage of this forum to personally attack the director of this film. USA. Some of these so-called "Reviewers" even essentially sue the "review" just to promote their films. One movie called this film boring - well, you love it or you hate it, one thing you can never say about this movie is that it's boring. It's moving fast and there's never a boring place. Oh and this critic from the Netherlands ?? Um - LIAR. You tried to post this same review on Amazon and it was withdrawn. The SAME review just said it was from Missouri. This nonsense must stop. Love it or hate it - give it a real review or type anything. Obviously you did not see movies. But for the record, I have, and although this is not even the best of what I've seen, it's far from the worst. And even the worst thing I would have given the real REVOUG and I would not attack the director personally. I hope this review will help some people see through the nonsense that is happening here.
