I just got my copy of this DVD from two discs and although it's not perfect, I discovered that the whole experience is a fun way to waste time. I have to say now that I am a big fan of Zombie movies, and I really think that the finest people who made these films are. And I have a soft position for people who try, sometimes against everyone, to live a dream. And again, these people do it. Is this an award winning collection of incredible movie? Not. Not even close. But for what they do on their modest budgets, these films should be recommended. For me, the bottom is always, am I having fun? Did I have a good time with this movie? And here the answer to both questions was "Yes". The first in the series is the most sublime. It opens up with some sort of accident in the nuclear plant and people get stuck or something like that. A few years later, a new housing community was built over the old reactor. Let the children making the video fall into the hole and find themselves trapped in the lower level of the building. They are being saved, but the hole is not sealed and people from the hole start to bang from the hole. Soon the entire city passed over the dead. And these zombies are fun. They move from freshness to the cheapest white-hued slogans ever, but they're fun. The whole movie culminates in a clash between the last survivors of the area and the undead, and our heroes are entering the lower levels of the reactor to extract the zombies that eat meat and seal the hole forever! Pretty poor, but I think it should have been. However, it moves very quickly, it has bits of terrible effects and really tries to have some style. The acting is uneven, but a few good performances shine and you really need to listen to the comment. I went back and I looked at it again and found that this was a good part of the information about the trials and entertainment that the team had on the film. Director Todd Sheets looks pretty proud of this, his first film, but there is no mistake. He knows it's a zombie movie, but he shows respect for the people involved. Also, Sheets has a great sense of humor and some modest integrity from which others could learn in the film field. And behind the scene of Zombie Bloodbath is also fun. I felt it was almost as fun as a movie for which it was made. There are some great interviews and shots behind the scene, mixed with movie news from some major sites like CNN, FOKS and MTV. All in all, a fun little movie that is VERY rough over the edges, but he still laughed and enjoyed the ride! I've seen many DV movies, and some video, and many are quite boring, but this is not really. While newer DV movies are technically superior, they are simply not fun! All in all, this is solid, if it's a little flawed, release with lots of accessories and TONs up and spraying. Although not violating the great rules of making moves, I found that the series is fun and it always laughs, so I give a solid recommendation to this set. Todd Sheets did not try to make the award-winning art of people here, he tried, sometimes against all seemingly, to entertain the zero budget, the horror of enjoying and in that sense he managed in peaks.
