So, Todd Sheets once stated that he considered his Z-ep film Zombie Bloodbath in 1993 as his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how much this statement is incorrect. I mean, what makes this much more superior? Well, then again, Zombie Rampage does not include this guy, now? To understand why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered a worthless curse, it must be remembered as it was the 1990s for lovers of bad horror. Decades that have just been forgiven of B and Z-movies as we knew it. Technological advances, inconvenient trends and the internet would eliminate the mysterious charms of golden years s.o.v. large boxes. And everything resembling a quality school was too self-conscious for one's own good, essentially defeating this purpose. Luckily, not everyone changed the time. Enter Zombie Bloodbath. I assume this is part of where I explain the same premise of 500 other zombie shifts from the last 40 years. Okay, so, Some type of accident at the nuclear power plant infects everyone in sight, turning them into eating zombies that eat meat that are going into rampage, inflicting some of the most troublesome, but funny, up-scenes of the 90's. The first 20 minutes are cluttered with the most inconvenient conversations you can imagine. Conversations that tell you this is not just a low-budget zombie movement, this is a Z-type catastrophe, man. There are many hysterical, non-existent procedures that go around, and this is triple for Mr. Mullet. That guy is really the peak of the night. The fact that Todd Sheets seriously believes that the Zombie Bloodbath BE BETTER SUFFERED than the Zombie Rampage, entertains me to the end. I mean, both are complete celluloid jokes, but again, like Redneck Zombies, it's obvious that Todd Sheets is in the society of avsomeness. Until 1993, a film that would be so bad would undoubtedly be full of gratitude, but Mr. Sheets stands in his place, giving us a good old fashion house, as it should be, unconscious, I do not know, and meaningless. God bless Todd Sheets. For anyone looking for a surprisingly worthwhile B-Horror in the 90's, Leif Jonker's Darkness should be at the top of your list. As far as Zombie Bloodbath is concerned, if you're worried about getting bored sometime around 1990, then '93 would be the right time to pick up. 8/10
