One of my favorite and sweetest elements for horrible creatures, a terribly terrible miraculous creature, an awesome terrible wonder that was released by pretty productive Crovn International Pictures equipment so that he could play many fucking double accounts on countless drive-ins in the 70's years and eventually ended up crazy on several small secondary cable stations during the 80's. I naturally saw this magnificently horrible horror on television for the first time at night on a festive Saturday night when I was in the early teens, and since then I had a deeply entrenched, though completely irrational attachment. Meteorite falls from the sky and crashes into the tranquil waters of a peaceful village lakes, causing the dormant egg to be dormant until then. Of course, the baby dino immediately turns into gigantic swallowing, grunting, tooth bug, prehistoric giant with stupid feathers, extended neck and huge mouth filled with sharp, jagged, stalagmite choppers. Our southern cousin from Loch Ness Monster immediately begins to catch various incompetent local inhabitants of the iocell from a previously peaceful and dormant urban settlement. It's up to the dripping of the stubborn Sheriff Richard Cardella, with the help of a painfully idiotic comic relief fraternal fishing duo Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigel, the noble friend of Kacey Cobb and the extremely insidious nerd scientist Bob Hymane, to get to the bottom of the stuff before the over-exuberant return of the jurys destroys the tourist trade by eating all the campers and fishermen, of whom the peasant hamlet is released. Director / co-writer Villiam R. Stromberg shows beautifully miserable and thoroughly meaningless incompetence when it comes to tempo, atmosphere, tense narrative construction and, in particular, the sound of sound, the credible acting from his hopeless rank on the amateur theater stage. The performances are essentially insignificant: Cardella is too smooth and woody to cut it out as a solid heroic lead, while the sad silliness of the comedy of Roberts and Seigel provoked a sigh of disbelief - you do not get rid of these two terrible things that plague the clumps as well, especially with them, Imbeciles discover a cut-off head that sneaks up and down in the dark water on the lake. Better yet, an incoherently integrated underground plot of the loose criminals at liberty leads to a spectacular story about the supermarket, which turns into a hilariously stupid mini-massacre when a young lady buys an artist interrupting. in the middle of a robbery! Likewise, it is also difficult to hook up and search for a car; it is so lightly set up and immersive that we feel more easily than frightened when the monster suddenly pops up to devour the wicked fugitive. Moreover, the dinosaur of David Allen, the funky herki-jerky stop motion animation, is an authentic article that projects a certain raw charisma, the cunning of the reptiles and the overall presence of a powerful screen that makes all terribly unfortunate human characters look pathetic innocent in comparison. As for the exciting conclusion in which the sheriff takes over our killer beastie with a bulldozer, the operative word for this exciting confrontation is over.
