I can not say much more about this movie than all the comments on the first page, except - as Jesse says - "They are berry." All the sides that the commentators wrote very eloquently - almost like the dialogue in this film. This may be just one of those illusory things we listen to so much, but it's usually done by actors who deliver lines: a beautiful letter. Perhaps Robert Redford had a strict influence on the actors during the filming of this film, so that the beauty of the story would not have been lost. And I went to church when I was very young and on my late teenager. The pastor of the church spoke very eloquently and quietly as the Reverend Maclean did in his church. It is, in itself, a completely different picture that is displayed in the churches of southern baptists - there is no temple in my church. It was a large church, with many different programs that kept its congregation busy - it might be an inspirational music department with its huge chorus and almost classic hymns. Also, weekly evening - the gathering was almost completely younger. Do you ever realize that it used to be safe to go to church on Sunday night? How I want to be more! Watching "River flowing through it" is very similar to hearing a wonderful preaching in a church whose members are fully involved in life. As already beautifully written, the preaching for this film is open to the spacious beauty of Montana - and yet, are not there rocket silos? Fishing for flies or any other activity that brings family members closer to a happy life - and deep mutual understanding - becomes a blessing. Though then you see some of the shadier aspects of life, also, the simplicity of the story creates a lasting impression on your heart, if you allow it. Speakeasies and prostitutes are balanced by a simple gathering of old-fashioned, picnics in the community, because this film contains - in difficult contrasts with modern families who lead their children in Disnei Land for the scream of joy and call it a "day together". This does not mean that this is wrong, but as "River" shows, some of its silent beauty could do nothing but make a life richer. This is the third movie I've seen in which Tom Skeritt (?) Plays the father, all the different styles and brilliant acting. Brad Pitt, mostly undiscovered talent, except "Thelme and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black", and all members of the band earned numerous awards. The few stories I've been told will get 10 out of 10 of me through any movie with violence, ugly tongue, ugly and "action". I mean "Crash" and most of "Arnold" movies. What a rescuer for peace is this film.
