Moonwalker is a fantasy movie that looks at Michael Jackson with different segments. I will evaluate each segment individually. Segment 1 opens movie with video spot. The music video is Michael Jackson's concert featuring the song "The Man in the Mirror", the video also features editions of historical figures such as Gandhi, Martin Luther King JR, John Lennon and many more. The first segment was a good choice for opening the film and I liked the song, and I liked the assembling of historical figures. I even liked the message in the song. I give the first segment 9/10. Segment 2 shows the installation of Michael Jackson's start from Jackson to his solo career. The installation I thought was well made, I liked the animation they put in it, and I loved their songs like "I want you back, Beat, Thriller, can you feel the way you feel." The only thing I'd love to do was a little better in one of the songs in the assembly is "We are the world". The reason for this is just a drop of rain, and these drops are images of Michael Jackson and the choir of celebrities, but it's hard to see the choir. In addition, the segment is still good. I give it 9/10 Segment 3 is a Bad song. You probably think Michael Jackson's music video is bad, well, yes. This segment is a music video, but it was redone by Kids. The segment was cute, but it was not as good as other segments. I'm giving him 6/10 Segment 4 is a short movie Claimation Music that takes place after a child version of the bad called "Speed ​​Demon". It's short that Michael Jackson was chased by his beloved fans and journalists, and he turns into a rabbit and drives a motorcycle to try to get away from them. Air conditioning in the order of the hail was great, but some parts of the movie Claimation characters looked fake when they interacted with real people. Also, at the end of the cut, there comes a costume for the rabbit Michael Jackson and he dances with her. I loved dancing, but it was like out of nowhere. I give it 8/10 Segment 5 is a music video for Michael Jackson's Grammy "Leave Me alone". The music video is about the media that pierce the nose into Michael Jackson's private life, and Michael Jackson feels he will not leave him alone, no matter how innocent he showed himself. The music video really says (but keep in mind that this happened before child abuse just about the rumors about him in the 80's.) But I did not feel that this video should be in this movie because it's a movie for kids and I do not think that the child will understand what he is singing about. I'm giving this video 8/10 Segment 6 leads us to the main story of the whole movie called "Smooth Criminal". Michael Jackson plays a gangster who uses his own power of star in a desire for crime to protect the children (including John Lenon's son Lonon's son) from the evil mafioso by the name Mr. A segment that I thought really made the film especially when he danced and sang the song "Smooth Criminal" with a bunch of criminals. I also thought that special effects were good. The strange thing in the segment is why children are socializing with an adult, which has never explained why. Also, Joe Pesci is talking about drugs and what he plans to do with them. I mean, why would you talk about drugs in a movie for kids? The other was good. My rating for this segment is 8/10 Segment 7 is the last segment of the entire movie. The film ends with Michael Jackson, who sings Cover version of Beatle's song "Come Together", and then during the loan, we see Michael Jackson singing with Ladismith Black Mambaz. Michael has done a good cover page "Come Together" and I think it was a good idea to include a group of good singers with a talented musician like him. My rating is 9/10 This film is a good Michael Jackson movie and I think it really leads to imagination for children. The film is almost as imaginative as the animated Beatles movie "Yellow Submarine", if you love Michael Jackson, and you are in a movie with lots of creativity this is a movie. My overall rating for this film is 8/10
