(There are not many disruptions, because there is no complication to detect, but nevertheless, I assume that I describe something of what's happening ...) That's it. This is the most unusual movie I've ever seen. There are simply no words to describe this movie, although the "bizarre" "funny" and "ego travel" are pretty close. about half an hour are really, really weird music videos, without any complication or continuity, except that MJ falls into some of the previous ones. One of the highlights of this part of the "movie" in the part where MJ flies through the plane through what appears to be a half arsed bond bounces off and cuts the pieces out of the yellow submarine (you could not make your dear master <br /> Then, a little more than an hour, a "movie" starts with a lot of claims (some of them are really scary) noticing our "hero" and jumping to ask for an autograph. Obviously, this leaves our lead mute (discontinuous songs) lead Somewhat worried, and he manages to lose them temporarily. Happiness for him, because that means he can be a svj and I do not invent this, I pretend to be a rabbit. He uses this cunning mask to try to sneak around them, but for reasons I can not remember, they see through it (oh no!) And the nasty chase begins again. Another song (a big shock there). Shortly after the end of the hunt, MJ somehow brings the rabbit into life, until it gets caught by a policeman (in the middle of the desert), because that's the rest of the movie is equally weird, emphasizes that MJ cleans the bar in accordance with Smooth Criminal, including shooting at a man with a finger, not just killing a man, but with complained his shadow in the wall, a la weapons of nuclear fission. Another good moment is when MJ, seeing, g. Big (Joe, what the hell happened to his career at this time? ", Peschi) kidnapped one of the children he was a friend, magically creates a cannon rifle, and in the second instant of the violence that paprika this film seems to randomly opens fire on everything it's moving. The last moment I will mention is when MJ is surrounded by Mr. Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him, and they are more decorated with commando units than mafias, which I think they are. How does it go? He turns into a robot with weapons and shield. This is the third of the four transformations he makes, almost always when he is dragged into the corner and / or on the run. This film is quite, pretty surreal, with little complication, and virtually no continuity.
