Mr. Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon. His short films, i.e. Music videos are simply the best. I do not care if I get a reasonable science fiction story from this man, but I care to get a mix of his crazy dancing, screaming, cold choreography of the audience, and some parts of CGI and animation. There should also be several uninterrupted video clips. All I've mentioned is here. The stupid plot and "super-fair" are not a problem when I'm a witness to Mr. Michael Jackson in action. Me will always be the ultimate king of music videos (not the "king of pop" sounding moronic, especially for us, Russians, because "pop" sounds like a Russian word for "donkeys", and MJ is definitely not "king" asses). I can again watch his best music videos (which are artistically beautiful) and I never get tired of them. My first impression of this movie was "What is this ...?" (pieces of different videos, some drawn pictures, disturbing jumps from one topic to another, the absence of any cohesive plot lines, some children being sent, etc.) but as I watched it all the way, I could say that it was great is really nothing like being shown on television today. What I like here is that it never shows a disgraceful material and that children can easily watch it. Without Michael Jackson's Jackson universe music videos would be pretty bad. Even the best classic videos by other artists can not come close to the energetic hyperbole of MJ's musical madness and artistic quality. He knew how to get an audience of different ages and knew how to remain a man with moral principles. When I see the correct DVD release with Michael Jackson's videos, I know it deserves to be bought even if some spots have already appeared in some other previous release. "HIStori I", "HIStori II" and "Moonvalker" are great, although only "Moonvalker" is more like a movie (with a solid "Smooth Criminal" theme, a "paparazzi" theme, and a couple of weird podcasts and turns. Since I am not a fan of MJ, I can still give this "movie ... like no other" solid 9 out of 10 (it hit me "Smooth Criminal" surely and my main complaints are as follows: the initial segments of the movie could were to be rejected, while the main "MJ campaign against the drug" should have given more "heavenly madness and stress" and of course there should have been more "wanderings per month cu. ") Thank you for your attention.
