With all these things that are currently coming down with MJ, I started listening to his music, watching an unusual documentary here and there, watching The Viz and watching Moonvalker again. Maybe I just want to get some insight into this guy that I thought was really cool in the '80s, so he might decide whether he was guilty or innocent. Moonwalker is part of the biography, a part of the feature film I remember that I will see in the cinema when it was originally released. Some of them have subtle messages about MJ's feelings about the press and an obvious message about drugs that are bad m'kai. Visually impressive, of course, this is all about Michael Jackson, so unless you love MJ in any case, then you'll hate this and you think it's boring. Some might call MJ egoist to consent to filming this movie. But MJ and most of his fans would say that he did it for fans who, if true, are very nice of him. The real feature when the film finally starts, lasts only 20 minutes, excluding the Smooth Criminal sequence, and Joe Pesci is convincing as a psycho-powerful drug addict. Why he wants MJ to die so bad is beyond me. Because MJ heard his plans? No, the figure of Joe Pescia was saying he wants people to know that he is the one who supplies drugs, etc., so I do not know, maybe he just hates MJ's music. Many cool things in this as MJ turns into a car and a robot and a whole sequence of Speed ​​Demon. Also, the director had to have the patience of the saint when it comes to shooting kiddy Bad sequences, because usually directors hate to work with one child, let alone the whole group performing a complex dance scene. In the end, this movie is for people who love MJ at one level or another (which I think is the majority of people). If it does not, it goes away. Trying to give a healthy message and ironic MJ's best friend in this movie is a girl! Michael Jackson is really one of the most talented people who have ever honored this planet, but is he guilty? Well, with all my attention I gave this topic ... hmmm I do not know well because people can be different behind the closed doors, I know that fact. He's either a very nice but stupid man or one of the best liars. I hope it's not the other one.
