Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, Thriller was actually the first video I saw. Believe it or not, there was a moment when Michael Jackson was like God to people, when women fainted when they saw him before they fainted before they saw him, excuse me, Michael. But Moonwalker was what began to honor all of Michael's success at the time he released his famous Bad album which was a record-breaking, was the first album to have had the top six singles. Michael is an incredible artist, no doubt, he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to acting or holding a story with his audience? Not that much. We start quite simply: Jackson's music, life, career, success and mania that was the greatest star of the 80s in the world of Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a thirty-year-old gangster who uses his power as a criminal figure for the protection of children. When Jackson was allowed to be close to children, we interrupted him playing in the field with children and their dog. The dog runs away, and in search of her, Jackson and the kids uncover the goblet of g. Biga, Frankie Lideoa, a drug-dealing mafia, with an army of supporters who want the entire population to plan the Earth's drug addicts, starting with children. Mr. Big reveals Jackson and children, but they flee; Jackson tells children to meet him at club 30, which turns out that the abandoned nightclub has been abandoned since the 1930s. The story returns to the attack of a mobster on Jackson, and it is here that Jackson is actually a magical gangster who draws his power out of the stars. While one passes by the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and crashes several Mr. Biga. The story deals with children at club 30. In the beginning, the kids are scared, but when Jackson appears, the terrible atmosphere of the club is being transformed and children are back in the thirties. The club is now filled with zoot suiters and swing dancers. Jackson participates in a dance with other members of the club, who serves as a music video for "Smooth Criminal". At the peak of the song, Mr. Big puts a siege to the club and kidnaps one of the children, Katie. Jackson follows them back to Big's lair and ends up surrounded by his followers. Mr. Big appears and mentally tortures Jackson by threatening to inject Katie with very addictive narcotics. While Katie manages to grab the glasses of Joe Pescia and gets rid of injection, Mr. Big decides that he has enough and orders his men to kill Katie before they finish with Jackson, but not before the star passes. Jackson turns into a huge robot and kills all the soldiers of Mr. Big. Yes, ummm, you want even more strange? Watch the movie. Moonwalker is fun for the first half hour, watching Michael's success and all his hard work makes him fans once again respected by him. Is it mainly to raise his album? Yes, I like to spend the first 25 minutes, praising it is awesome, then we go to his song "Leave Me Alone", which is somehow hypocritical, not that it's not a great song, just a small turn of events \ t. Then, when we skip the stupid acting, the story was incredibly weak: the criminal pronounced his name aloud while Michael and Katie spied on him, lol, Michael is a transformer at once, a big criminal plan is to make the children high? Also a criminal has a kind of massive gun that would make Marvin a redhead on Mars. But if there is one new thing that is incredible, the movie gives us a new video for Smooth Criminal. This musical spot is perfection, choreography, setting, song, smooth style, Michael always goes beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal was incredible. I loved Moonvalker as a kid, and I still watch him from the fun to this day, but it's not the best movie in any way, it's pretty stupid, but it's all good if you're a Michael Jackson fan. 7/10
