SAPS AT SEA is obviously a touch on the Garry Cooper movie, SOULS AT SEA. The title is well described by the acting team, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who are on a trip to the ocean to calm Ollie's nerves just to run into the murdered killer Nick Grainger. As played by Richard Cramer, this criminal is both fun and cool, making it a fine foil for comic heroes Bois. Despite his strong presence, Cramer never surpassed Bois, honored Stan and Ollie's charisma. It should be, since the boys should have been the protagonists in this film. Such is the charm of Laurel and Hardy's personality to raise average material. The SAPS AT SEA has its spore points. For example, as the previous commentator noticed, somewhere where the doctor (wonderfully frightened by James Finlaison) is trying to test a balloon called "lung tester" on Ollie without a blow. The scenario is very episodic, with the first part, which takes place in Bois' apartment, almost completely unrelated to the second part where they go to the sea. But on the whole, the movie is a very pleasant party with enough time to work so that it does not come out well. There is a certain sharpness of viewing of the final co-operation between Laurel and Hardy and the producer. Hal Roach. I did not see all Laurel and Hardy's post-1940 movies, but the ones I've seen do not match even the weakest Hal Roach products. In these later films, Lorel and Hardy appear to be in an extraterrestrial environment, devoid of such colorful players as Finlaison and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hateli and LeRoi Shield's musical scores. They are also not benevolent and optimistic bumbles that we know and love, but in later films, either blatant blockers or pathetic unadjusted are either. It is a shame that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy films are now generally inaccessible to the public. Even in a small story such as SAPS AT SEA, it can be seen that Laurel and Hardy were excellent comedians. This is because Hal Roach, for the most part, allowed Stan Lorele, the leading force behind the team, full of artistic freedom. When Laurel lost his autonomy in other studios, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
