This is my third comment here trying to link two legendary film comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection was here in 1940. This is the date when the former had his last film from his long-time home study, Hal Roach. Later, I will mention the significance of this other one. Apart from the fact that Stan and Ollie worked for the last time in the Lottery, it was also the last time they appeared with famous players such as Charlie Hall and James Finlayon who appeared in most of their films. It's also the last time that Art Lloid served as their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who wrote their themed song that would be known as "The Song of the Coward (Dancing Coward)" - their result. And it will be the last time Stan Laurel could carry out a complete creative control over what is happening on the film. If in this L & H movie is a structure that is more congested than usual, it's nice to know that most of these jokes are really funny. This includes most of the sound and visual effects, provided by Roach's longtime Roi Seavright employee. In this, Ollie has "hornophobia" to work in a noisy horn factory, so Dr. Finlaison prescribes going to sea for his vacation. Ollie does not like to go on sailing so Stan proposes to rent one who is anchored so that they do not have to go anywhere. After finding something they like, we learn that convicted Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just escaped ... I will stop there and say that this was a good finale for a long-standing home of L & H as I can hope. He's very funny from start to finish and knowing that this will be their last for a man who is partly responsible for their team work, he's really sick when he thinks about it. Oh, and I have a few more to say: it's the final film performance of both Harry Bernard, who plays the patrol in the port after years of meeting with Stan and Ollie as a policeman, and with Ben Turpin, with a cross comic. was born in New Orleans, a few hours away from my current Baton Rouge home town, whose second L & H looks like they had previously "marched" for the guys in our wife. This second performer has a real comedy moment. All right, I mentioned 1940 when Stan and Ollie released the last movie from Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year when a comedy, born in the state of Nevada, made the first picture at their home studio Universal. The director of this film would be the one who led L & H at The Fliing Deuces last year. It was called A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. Just during this shooting, the Virginia scenario screenwriter Lucille Jones had an accident involving wrapped carpet. That incident caused Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send her roses to the hospital room. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940. This lasted until Baba's death in 1957.
