Followed by BLOCK-HEADS and CHUMP AT OKSFORD, two films that are hard to beat. It's not that SAPS IN A LOVE is a bad movie - it's the last good comedy (unless someone insists on JITTERBUGS or some other later movie) that Laurel & Hardy made. It's just a small movie, no crazy destructive crescount BLOCK-HEADS or a stunning view of Stan's "real" personality at CHUMP at OKSFORD to enjoy. At 57 minutes it's shorter than the other two. a bit, but it's not really a bad point. There's enough time to do it. It's just not as special as the other two. Stan and Ollie work at the factory that produces horns. I suppose there was little Chaplin's influence in that sequence (we recall a similar incident on the MODERN TIMES assembly line only four years earlier). The oily nerves finally burst, and he goes to the rampage. He goes home and (of course) his roommate Stan does not help - Stan has a musical lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (you have him - trombone). After defeating the poor professor, Ollie has problems with an incompetent janitor / engineer (Ben Turpin in a nice short look), then confronts his doctor (Jimmy Finleison) and his nerve tester (a balloon that leaves as you throw out Ollie's belly Finleyison announces that it is a bad case of "horniphobia" and Ollie needs a break with a lot of calm and goat milk. Finally they go to the ship, but Ollie and Stan do not know anything about maritime - and they plan to sleep on the boat. the rope is rope until it breaks down and the ship is off Unfortunately, Richard Cramer, a dangerous criminal who escaped, is also on board. This will not be a quiet holiday. SAPPING AT SEA (like CHUMP) could have been three short pants, one at the factory, one in the apartment and one on the boat Each of them would be a successful short film and everyone would make a funny movie - but the sewing of the parts together shows - there are some fun moments in the movie - discoveries that Turpin's inability causes various accidents with taps and furnaces in the apartment; accidental remarks by the manager of the Charlie Hall building when Stan or Ollie goes beside him and asks for instructions ("Can you help me find the basement?" asks Stan - "Of course, you can not miss it - it's down!" says Hall. he understands what a stupid comment he just made, and Kramer's maltreatment of his two slave-slaves. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (an allusion to the Dean Brothers of St. Louis Cardinal teams from the 1930s - see Dan Dailei's PRIDE ST LOUIS.) Cramer has to give his guys expensive food - and make a synthetic meal (eg Spaghetti lace) as When they realized what they did, they forced them to eat their own meal, and their reactions were brilliant. SAPS AT THE SEA is not parallel with the top line of Laurel & Hardy films, but it is a good movie as a whole, and a good conclusion for the best years of their film career (1927-1940) when they were with Hal Roach. A few years before they appeared, the boys and Roach had serious problems with production costs ( OUR RELATIONS, where Stan was the producer of the film), artistic problems (the scenes from SVISS MISS are decreased meaninglessly) and contractual arguments (which led to Ollie appearing with Harry Langdon in ZENOBI). Stan and Ollie returned a hit with SUMMER DEADS, with production not Roach but by Boris Morrow. Finally, two video footage of CHUMP AT OKSFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded the arguments and problems - and at the high level, the guys left Roach. Unfortunately, no later filmmaking relationship with the producer has ever been satisfactory as was the case.
