I enjoyed this film much more than anything has led me to anticipate; From reading other comments here, I suppose it has huge benefits from seeing it on a full-size screen in the cinema, in the company of a cheerful and enthusiastic audience. I was lucky enough to have had this experience, I was dealing with waves of laughter from all over the region, and I had an extremely good time with this undesirable comedy. Because it's like a comedy that shines, if it shines anywhere. Music is nothing special - in fact, I did not realize that it was * a musical, and it was very surprised when the gathered ancestors turned into a half-spoken lyric - but I must admit that it's a half-threat, half a promise 'oh, what will I do .. . 'It turned out to be more appealing than it ever seemed, because it's still turning in the head! The action, as it is, mostly revolves around the past history of Franciscan name, portrait from the sixteenth century, with a distinct anachronistic hair and fur. Her idea of ​​the sacredness of marriage is not entirely in line with the idea of ​​her far-off descendant, Countess Angelina, and it can almost be heard that the story creaks under the seams under the Code of Production code to ensure that the heroine arrives uninvited. in her much later marriage with the right man ... Romance is barely suitable for the country, and in fact it is the first few scenes, played pretty well, at the border of annoying. But where the script and the film really come to life in the battle of the poles that follow. The inviolability of Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Jr. about the married Angelina Betti Grable is the same as just looking for Betti-Grable-as-Francesca after him, which culminated in a complete reversal of the role in the hilarious fantasy sequence where - literally - she bumped her legs. This is probably a comical climax of complications, although the consequences of Colonel's understandable confusion are elaborated with a skillful touch in the remaining two 'parts' of the operetta structure, and the spectacle of Fairbanks's blissful, confused awakening is more Grab is completely convincing in establishing his two opposing characters, wisely gets almost everything (limited) singing opportunities, and share honor where parts of the quota are dialogues in different verbal dueling. But in the field of unspoken reactions, she is really overcome by her male support; Fairbanks is a particularly absolute treat in a row with no words whose setting and humor is a decent, quiet screen. This film is too uneven in style to be a classic, different from sparkling to drowsy boredom. But at best, it's really sincerely very funny and led to spontaneous applause and laughter through the auditorium at the end when the lights were intensifying. Disagreeing with his time, he might not have succeeded in attracting today's audience - but, to this view, he really did not deserve to be dismissed by Grable and Preminger, (uncredited) directors. This is not a masterpiece, but a fundamentally funny little job, and I smiled at him all over the house.
