This was the first PPV in the new era for VVE like Hulk Hogan, The Ultimate Varrior, Ric Flair and Sherri Martel. It was necessary to suppress a new talent talent. And everything started with Lekker Luger, former NVA heavyweight champion, who won the title against Iokosuna. Lek traveled all over the United States on a bus called Lek Express to inspire Americans to gather behind him in his attempt to win a Japanese monster (which is actually Samoan) and return the VVE Championship to American hands. As such, there were many expectations for this match. But every good PPV requires a card that had some good stuff. The night began when Razor Ramon beat Ted DiBiase. in a good game. The story is that DiBiase chose Ramon and even offered him a job as a slave after losing a 1-2-3 Kid at RAV in July. Ramon, angry, then teamed up with 1-2-3 Kid in the money squad with Ted DiBiase and Irvin R Shister. In order to settle their differences, they both received one-on-one match against DiBiase vs Ramon and Shister vs The Kid. Razor managed to settle his side of the deal after hitting Razor's Edge. Next came the Steiner Brothers who put the VVE Tag Team title on the line against The Heavenly Bodies. The depositing intervention of "The Bodies" of Jim Cornette, who hit Scot Steiner in the throat tennis racket, managed to win the victory in a decent match. Shavn Michaels and Mr Perfect are quarreling with Vrestlemania IX when Shavn Michaels faced Perfect after Los Luger's loss. Perfect then cost Michaels at the Intercontinental Championship when he interrupted him in the match for the title against Martti Janetti. Michaels won the title and put it on the line against Mr Perfect, but Michaels now had a strong ally in their corner in their 7-point bodyguard Diesel. Micheals and Perfect had a great game, but Diesel proved the difference between the manufacturer, pulling Perfect out of the ring and throwing it into steel steps to make Shavn win by counting. Irvin R Shister vowed to lose his partner in the team early in the night, easily count on Kid 1-2-3. Then came one of the great night's matches until Bret Hart prepared for the battle against Jerry. Lavler for the title of the undisputed King VVE. But Lavler came out with the crutches, saying that he was wounded in a traffic accident earlier that day and had arranged another opponent for Hart: Doink the Clovn. Hart and Doink had a passing match that Hart won with a shotgun. Then he jumped back from Lavler. This was bought by VNE President Jack Tunney who told Lavler that he would get a lifelong ban if he did not get caught for Hart. Hart then destroyed Lavlera, defeating the shooter, but Hart refused to withdraw from the game and the referee changed his decision. After all, Lavler was declared the undisputed king of the VVE. After this match, Ludwig Bord destroyed Martti Janetti in a short match. The funeralman completed his long rivalry with Harvey Vippleman, which began in 1992 when the Pogrebnik defeated Vippleman's client Kamal at Summerslam and continued when Vippleman's latest monster Giant Gonzales ruined Taker in Rumble , and then again on Vrestlemania, with a decisive victory over Gonzalez. Gonzales then joined Vippleman, who was strangled after a bad match. Then came the time for the action of six people, while Smokers Gunns (Bart and BIlli) and Tatanka won The Headshrinkers (Samu and Fatu) and Bam Bam Bigelow with Tatana, who held Samu. This leads us to the main event with Iocosun, with Jim Cornette and Mr. Fuji, putting the VVE title on the line against Lek Luger and everything was on board. Lek Ekpress. Lek attacked, but Iokosuna took control. Lek returned, although he was able to avoid the fall of banzai, and then the body shook the Iocosun before throwing it out of the ring. Luger then attacked Cornette and Fuji while Iocosuna was counted. Luger got a nice game !!!!! Balloons fell from the ceiling. All heroes came to congratulate him on winning. Iocosuna may have retained the title, but Luger proved he could be beaten. The only question was who could win it in the ring and take off that title?
