Spider-Man is, in my opinion, the best superhero ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever. Although it may be a bit easy, you have to play it several times to get all the costumes and comic book covers, which compensates how easy it is to go through the game. It may seem difficult to control at the beginning, but once you get tired, you'll be on the web as well as Spider-Man. The bosses, although the levels are somewhat lighter, are fun. The first boss, Scorpio, is incredibly easy to beat, which should not be so, because, as lovers of comics know, Scorpion is one of the deadliest criminals of Spider-Man. The second boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss is Venom, who in my opinion is the easiest boss in the game, which definitely should not be. The fourth boss is Venom again. This time is a bit harder to beat, but it's still easy. The fifth boss is Misterio, whom I think is the smartest boss to fight in the game. He is also one of the heaviest bosses, but again, it's still pretty easy. The next boss is Carnage, who, you guess, is easy to win. But Carnage is actually fun to fight. The seventh boss is Dr. Octopus, who, like all other bosses, is easy, but not as easy as another because he has a shield. The eighth and final boss is exclusive to the game, never in a comic or cartoon movie. I will not spoil it for you who have not played the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game that is not too easy. I took 4 or 5 attempts to win, while others won in the first or second attempt. All in all, a very good game. I gave her 8 out of 10. Reasons that I did not give 9 or 10 is that once you get all the costumes and comics for the comics, it gets bored (taking it all takes a while), that's not exactly precise in comics or cartoons, bosses they were too light, and should have used Hobboblin and / or Green Goblin as the boss, I think it would be fun to fight someone who flies in the air! They were not used even in the continuation of this game! Well, Green Goblin is a criminal in the upcoming Spider-Man movie, so we hope to make a video game based on the movie.
