Jackney is a war film that is almost as far away from war as war movies. It can hardly be classified as a war film, because the only way in which any war has an impact on the story or characters in their memories, and even those that rarely appear. She asks very interesting questions about life, especially in the way that the slogan of the film says that only one of them is really alive (and by the way, although the label refers only to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro), we are talking about all three characters in the film). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs returned to take Dave on a fishing trip that they planned much longer than you assumed. DeNiro provides the perfect performance of Megs character, for which we are not sure if we would like it, or if he is really crazy as Martha thinks he is. Dave repeatedly reminds Mart that Megs is not his friend, just someone he knows. At the beginning of the film there is a great scene in which Megs came out to take six glasses of beer from his car for breakfast, and he is right behind the corner of the room when Dave says this. Megs stops for a moment, then proceeds to the room with a smile and a great greeting. Only later do you realize how Megs felt when he heard it, since it was the one who remembered what they were planning to do this day. It reminds me of the falsehood of the old, 'Of course, let's do it,' what people so often say to each other, never having any plans to do something like that. Ed Harris brings a wonderful performance like Dave, who has never overcome the effects of war on him. Even so many years later, he failed to overcome the death of his friends during the war, blaming himself for this day for doing so, and drowning his life in alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All he wants, he says, is to leave people alone. It is not a man who lives his life the way he wants, whether people actually leave him alone or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he is alive, to get as far as possible from the living world. His sister Marta reminds me of myself, at least as far as my roommates are concerned. I have two roommates aged 21 and 24, and both act as if they still live with their mothers, expecting their riots simply to leave when they leave the room for some time. One in special (older, unfortunately enough), there is absolutely no idea how to take care of yourself, I'm surprised that I do not have to brush my beard as he eats. Marta must do the same for her brother, who is waiting on his hands and feet as he stirs his life from one hangover to another. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life, and none of them can get out of it until something significant changes, and Dave is the one who needs to make a change. I'm inclined to complain about romance in movies that do not belong to as much as Roger Ebert complains about these pathetic small tensions, a red digital display. But in this case, I think that the romance that developed between Megs and Marthe did not have any negative impact on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it was much more interesting, because it was not predictable. The problem with the romantic subunits in Bruckheimer films and what is so predictable that you are just waiting for the obvious ending and hope that something interesting will happen by the way. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something will happen between Megs and Marthe because we do not know enough about Megs. Marta might be right about him, that he is one of Dave's crazy war friends and that he is not what he should be having fun. Dave certainly encourages this idea. (spoilers) A few years after this film, DeNiro brought out Cape Fear, where he plays a disturbed criminal from revenge against a lawyer who brought him to prison, a character that retrospectively seems to be pretty easy to think that perhaps to the end of Jackney, Martha realized her mistake to get rid of Megs, and she and Dave came up because she saved her from a terrible relationship and then decided to cleanse her act because she did something good for her. I half expected that this would happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs came together and even more surprised when Megs asked Dave all the questions about what they were planning to do after the end of the war. Sometimes this is a slow-moving drama, but Jackney is fun on the road and has a huge gain in the end, which incredibly manages to be humble without being cheesy. At the end of the film, there is almost an excess of emotion that barely fits with the rest of the film, but it is so good not to bother anything that the film has achieved by that moment. Everyone involved is giving a wonderful performance, and that's one of those rare movies that just make you want to stand up and beat fists in the air.
