The combination of reading Novel and watching this film inspired my wife and I to new levels. I recently thought about the statement by artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspirational books; He says: "You and I were not designed to breathe stinking air for five hours of traffic, nor do I think that God had banal television programs, media hyper, worthless purchases and pollution of the soul when he created the universe." I did not see "the river flowing through her "for several years, but after thinking about Kinkade's statement, something attracted me to watch the movie with a spiritual eye. I watched him and saw the whole new world in the film and inspired me to read the book (he must read it). In Southern California, I was always frustrated, but I somehow caught myself in his materialistic society. The film really puts in perspective how to really experience God's creations. The combination of Maclean's story and my desire to return to the northwest prompted me to move to Montana. I want my future children to be able to sing landscape, go fishing, rid me of horses in nothing but open country and clear lakes set in the mountain. A place where you rarely worry about crime. I look around SoCal and I see only shopping malls, rude people in their Mercedez Bens, miles of cars on overcrowded freeways, gangs, racial unrest at the border of violent eruption and all skeptical towards the intentions of others. In any case, the film is very inspiring with brilliant acting and a deep story about the brittle bonds of loved ones. There is a lot of deep thinking in this film. Nature is worth seeing itself and actually helps to relieve tension. You should finish this movie relaxed, but full insight into your life. It is necessary to have a compassionate, intelligent, and spiritual person to truly understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of the film and how the director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, landscape, camera / movement angles, etc. Then this movie is probably not for an audience that thinks "Fast and Furious is the biggest movie. It is permitted to be fun, but shallow." The bottom line: This movie helps to realize that life is not about how much money you have or what you own. It's rather about your relationships with family and friends and the experiences you share together KUALITI NOT KAUNTITI
