"Italijan" is one of the large or almost large films from 1915 that are available today. The year was a turning point for a feature film, especially in America: Lois Veber 'Hipocrites', Cecil B. DeMille 'The Cheat' and, of course, D.V. Griffith's Birth of the Nation sets new standards for art. In addition, that year, Russian director Ievgeny Bauer made two best pictures, 'After Death' and 'Daidreams'. The French series 'Les Vampires' still has its fans, even though I disagree with them. The appearance of the feature film was led by Europe, mostly Denmark, France and Italy, but the dominance of this market and, to some extent, art, crossed the Atlantic in 1915. The most prominent artistic achievement of "Italians" is its astounding and often innovative cinema. There are some picturesque sunsets, mobile framing, including a brief shot of Italian headhunts, a wedding ring, and another image held on a moving car, and, in principle, there is a wise use of the different angles of the camera and experts. lighting. A particularly incredible shot is close-up of the Italian close-up plan as it slowly approaches the camera for an extreme close-up, compared to D.V. Griffith's 'Musketeer of Pig's Alley' (1912). So he shuddered that his environment even shook his anger. Unfortunately, the camera seems to be unknown. The director, although originally without merit in the film, is now known to be Reginald Barker. Five or more of his other films made for Incea are available today, but are rather unimaginable. 'Civilization' (1916), on which he worked, was a big production, but a deeply wrong film. Otherwise, I assume that one or more different cameramen who worked on 'Civilization' also photographed the 'Italians'. Moreover, the whole production is then very advanced. Venice and New York are well displayed despite the fact that the film was filmed in Los Angeles (for the romanticized Venice) and San Francisco (for ethnic cleansing in New York). There are extensive flashbacks, though perhaps one or two too. I especially like the smart framing of the story as if it is read in a book by a single character of the same actor George Bean, who is at the same time a leader in the inner, main narration. Reading the story is briefly framed by opening at the beginning and closing at the end of the curtain, and the theater, which is reflected in the inner story during the peak of revenge in the children's room, with opening and closing. curtain for windows. Parallel editing, in the camera is dissolved, and the iris and the like are processed professionally. In addition, Beban and Clara Villiams, as his wife, play their roles well. On the other hand, 'The Italian' has several drawbacks. In the early moments of comedy, the film disproportionately contrasts with the last parts of a rough and heavy melodrama, although changes in the environment from romanticized Italy to naturalistic New York are unfolding, mainly because they are supported by lighting and photography. The sharp dissolution of the American dream in this film, enhanced by photography, must have been sharp for the class of immigrants who at that time made the disproportionately large population of the film public. Corrigan's character was supposed to be more hinted; His brief introductory campaign for another politician seems inadequate for his later centrality to Italian vengeance. In addition, filmmakers were either medically or unobtrusively not to explain the lack of breastfeeding of the newborn and unjustified belief in the healing power of silence for another child. In addition to flaws in the plot, the 'Italian' is exceptionally well made.
