Have you seen a graduate? He was greeted as a film of his generation. But the river passes through it is a story of all generations. Long before Dustin Hofman's character got caught in the traps of modern suburbs, Norman McLean and his brother Paul faced the same pressure growing as they tried to find their place in the world. But how could a place like VV1 Montana represent the American family at a time when the Wild West still did not completely disappear? Just what Maclean got into that he so deeply guessed who we all are and what do we have to go through to find ourselves? While the film opens, Norman is an old man who catches the river and tries to understand the course of his life. The film is literally a journey through its own course of consciousness, against the present time and back when it was a boy. He and his younger brother, Paul, were the sons of a presbyterian minister and loyal mother. Parents fit well into their roles. Mom takes care of home and home. Daddy works for the Lord. Boys think what will happen when they grow up. Norm was tired of a boxer or minister like his father. Given the choice, little Paul would have been a boxer, having said that his first choice of proletarians does not exist. Boys grow up and fall into trouble with their ventures, struggling to see who is stronger and doing what brothers do, as long as they attend church and participate in all other spiritual things such as fly-fishing. They are in similar places in life before college. But when Norm returned from his six years in Dartmouth, things are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master flifisherman. City of a nearby college and a journalist who knows each policeman in rhythm and every judge on the bench. Norman is astoundingly well educated for his day, but he has little idea of ​​what to do with his life, even as his father cries out about what he is about to do. You left the feeling that at least Pops, God will invite you to the work of your life. But you have to stay open and ready to receive them - all your life. The father has always taken his boys to think along the river and think about God's eternal words. "Listen," their father calls. It's Zen and Quaker. Pretty radical for a stoic priest. But with all its beauty and contemplation, and even if the Macleans are truly God-fearing, households that take care of the Scriptures, how can the Rev. Paul is a true perfection while the fish are saying, but he feels gambling and drunkenness, while his family does not know how to prevent him from turning where he seems to have started. It seems that mom, dad and brother have the same silent despair because they do not know what to do and why they can not help it. Pauli waved all this with a smile and irresistible charm. But the younger brother loses grip. Norman begins his life on the right track, finding love and career, but Paul continues to slip. The family that loves him looks helpless. Mother, Father, the brother is trying his own way, trying to help, but none is effective. How can a family that loves each other be so poorly equipped to deal with it? How can one be so skilled and full of grace when he is in God's nature, and yet somehow incapable or reluctant to fit into the constructs of society that the people of God made for themselves? These are all questions Norman will consider about his life. Eternal words under the smooth stones of the river are persecuted forever, yet they keep their secrets. The movie is great for watching. This is definitely God's land, and the recording was won by the Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays a story from the book and teases a little bit of the story to follow the emotional form that it represents, and it works well. But go back and read the book. You will see that Norman has established relationships with his old man even deeper than the film can suggest - and you will see places where the storyteller kneels and sings right away from the page with the torrent of the river flowing through it, leading to the unknown.
