This is a really good movie. Sumitra Bhave has always made a sound cinema, and this is my favorite movie. This film was supposed to win the National Award and it would be my choice to represent India at the Oscars. It's at least a thousand times better than "Shaavs", which this year is going to Oscar, India. It is a shame that there is information about it (and all other Indian films). ) on the IMDb is missing, and sometimes even wrong. Sadashiv Amrapurkar has played a very important feature in this film and is not even credited to these sites. The rest of the actors and team members are not mentioned at all. Awards and nominations for this film were not made even when Sonali Kulkarni won the Indian National Prize for this film. There was not one vote for 'Doghi'. 'Doghi' is not a movie in Hindi. It's Marathi, and luckily runs away from the song and dance sequence, it does not cling to the glittering glamorous and semi-witty designer dishes. It is a real, mental story made with rare understanding and respect. Doggy, which can be roughly translated as 'two women', is a story of two sisters, Gauri and Krishna. It's actually a very simple story, Sumitra Bhave does not go into many backgrounds, which makes it a very difficult movie. The whole film was set up in a remote village in Maharashtra, and the screen rarely travels far from the home of the two protagonists. There are no aesthetic sunsets in this. The film opens up and we have met the whole house, which is preparing for Gauri's wedding. Gauri and Krishna is a hard worker, the house is full and happy; There is nothing in their simple lives. However, on the eve of the wedding, Gauri is waking up in a fatal case. Gaurine's father can not stand the tragic news and suffer a big blow. Without a strong, working member, the house could collapse, but Gauri's mother takes responsibility. It works when and when it can, but it can not connect the end to the end. But her life is even lighter than Gauri. The feasts, which half people try to forget, make Gauri the evil bearer of happiness. She is out of society. Gauri's mother writes to his brother. Desperate for help, she accepts his proposal. He took Gauri to Mumbai where he was forced to work in brothels. Gauri sends home the money he earns and improves conditions. Gauri gives his life for the life of his family. However, when Gauri returns home to Krishna's wedding, her mother does not come out to meet her. She does not let Krsna close to herself and does not allow Gauri to the guests. She loves Gauri, but she feared Krishna's life. This completely breaks Gauri and she decides to return to her unhappy life. But Krishna points out and holds Gauri. She begs her beloved sister to come back. Krishna promises to stand next to her. Promises to face the world ?? together. Nothing that is not needed in this movie. All it takes is enough. Gauri goes to Mumbai, but what he does there is never said ?? Subtle dialogues tell us what to know. It's just a story that's deep in its simplicity. 'Doghi' is responsible for cinema. He respects the subject he deals with. Respecting your audience? does not think they have the mental ability of four-year-olds. Acting is the first rate. The direction is wonderful? silence carries the story forward in a way, there is no word. The scenario is well researched. Anyone who appreciates a good movie will surely love 'Doghi'.
