I read the short story of Norman Maclean, and the film corrected the writing of Norman Maclean. My husband has a tendency to read it from time to time, and I read it, and the scene of the movie is constantly appearing. We have video footage of many Redford movies and we watched "A River Going Through It" many times. Redford is part of the "famdamli" as it always is. We never get tired of Redford's perception of Norman Maclean writing and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me very much of my upbringing, because my father had the same call as Father Maclean's father. According to "the word goes through it", "methodists are baptists who can read," a line that is not in the short story by the way, but I think it's a funny line! My husband and I are well-read baptists! I heard a film critic that the pace of the film is very slow. I do not agree. As one search for inner peace, this is the type of film that will make you think about the beauty of nature in three / four rhythms of the metronome. The photo is extraordinary! The acting is brilliant. I love the scene in which Norman and Paul talked to young men and wondered if he could be a flyer or a boxer! Then, as an adult Paul who played Brad Pitt (Se7ven), he is "the perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism, but he will not accept it. The same goes for Neal Burns, who uses worms as a bait, he also needed help, but would not accept the fact that he needed help. A scene in which Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the entire family must wait for eternity to say grace! Finally, after hours, everyone was kneeling around the table to say, "Grace!" and they all leave. But the oatmeal remained on the plate! This scene where two love birds and their tattoos on their posterior! That's funny! Burns from the sun! Returning home where Jessie Burns (Emili Lloid) decided to go over the train line! A wonderful conversation when Norman suggests Jessie because she wants her to come to Chicago with him! Redford is doing an excellent job as a narrator. I could not stop to compare Brad with young Redford (Bosonoga in the park). The nominated director, producer, actor is a visionary who deserves to be praised for his progress, not only in cinema in the United States, but also around the world. I'm glad I live in nineteen hundred because I saw the beginning of black and white television, movies and all the technologies and special effects so I could watch a video at home and live in the same century as Redford because they had the opportunity to see his works. Redford needs no special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river for me means a line that separates life from death, memory, and reality. Redford shows the Creator's hands so magnificent and flows through the river.
