Remember Ralph Bakshi? The guy who was an animator at Territoons and then on Paramount Cartoon Studios, after that, was the director of Fritz Cat 1 and 2 and Heavi Traffic? Well, this is Coonskin. And that's pretty good. Rashta, but good. The film takes place in Harlem Nights (No, it was the working title.), But with a turn that becomes the Disney movie doll, the Song of the South. It is Sampson (Barrie). White) and Preacherman (Charles Gordone) are eager to help their friend, Philip Michael Thomas, to escape from prison, but they stopped by blocking the road and ended up in a shootout with the police. While waiting, Randi listens to his colleague Pappi (Scatman Crothers), as he starts to tell Randy the story of the "three who I knew, just like you and your friends." Pappina's story is told in an animation posted from live wallpapers and footage. Brother Rabbit (Voice of Tom), Brother Bear (voice of White) and Preacher Fox (voice of Gordon) decide to pack up and leave your southern positions after the mortgage bank covers its home and sells it to a man who turn into a brothel. Arriving in Harlem, Rabbit, Bear, and Fok discover that it's not all that was made. They meet with a croaker named Simple Savior, a fake revolutionary leader who claims to be the "cousin" of Black Jesus and gives his followers "the power to kill the whites." In a brilliant stage performance in his "church," the Savior acts brutally with black oppression symbols depicted by John Vaine, Elvis Presley, and Richard Nikon before asking his parishioners for "donations." The rabbit first opposed the Madagnan, the wickedly racist and homophobic white cop and the man behind the mafia bags, which in various ways demonstrated his contempt for the Afro-Americans, including refusing to swim before the anticipated encounter with them (he believes that it does not pay off). When Madigan finds that Rabbit takes his payouts, he and his group, Ruby and Bobbi, lead to a nightclub called "The Cottontail". Black stripper draws it while LSD sugar cube has dropped into the drink. Madigan, under the influence of spongy drinks, then went into a sexual relationship with a stereotypically feminized gay man, and then pushed into clothing that women were a racist archetype, adorned with something racist, and finally threw out the back of the club in which he discovered that Ruby and Bobbi are dead. Then, while recovering from delirium drug use, he shoots a pistol around accidentally, and the police kill him after he killed one of Rabbit, Bear, Fock and an opponent boxer coming out of the boxing arena as she explodes. The story of live action ends with Randi and Pappi as he flees as he runs away from various white cops, but they manage to pull him out alive. This film was controversial at that time of publication and was re-editor several times under the title, Street Fight, which is obvious, since Street Fight is a documentary on racism in the streets of 2005. In fact, this movie has the same theme as the documentary. It has caused Brianston Pictures, the distributor of this film and the original classic Tobe Hopper, Tekas Chainsav Massacre, to lose his job. Because Paramount wanted to produce and distribute this film, but because of racism, Brianston took over Baxhi's production. Despite the controversy, it was worth the fun. The animation was brilliant at that time, the plot makes sense, and that is actually funny. FINAL VERDICT: 9/10
