Dane Ioussef Coonskin is a film, one and only Ralph Bakshi, allegedly a satirical accusation for blakploitation films and negative black stereotypes, as well as a look at life in modern America (modern for that day, I think - 1975). Paramount dropped him off like a hot potato that just burned. But this is a Bakshi film, controversial, exciting, and must only be seen by definition. Not just another random "shock-jok" film that tries to shock because of shock. This is Ralph Bakshi. Anyone who knows the name knows that if he made a movie, there is something great to say ... Even though the roots are based on cheap exploitation, "Coonskin" is not just another camping. from the main white film or any kind of throw. Coonskin wants to be more. It is intended for higher landscapes and barks much larger fish. The film does not entertain just by genre. Likewise, it does not blame black people only, it actually shows love, beauty and heart in the most unusual places. Coonskin witnesses the story of some prisoners waiting for a prison. The fact that it is even possible to break out of prison in the world "Coonskin" just makes it old-fashioned. One of the prisoners tells the story of three black brothers in Harlem Brother Bear, Brother Zec, Preacher Fox who want respect and part of the action and are willing to get it by any means. The Italian mafia performs all the right actions. Great name of black star music stars: Barry Wyte and Scatman Crothers, as well as Charles Gordon, the first black drama writer to take home Pulitzer. Obviously something big is happening here. The film takes place as a descent to this world, to this side of the racial divide. From an angry, deep, mental black with hatred in the heart and a pistol in his hand. Bakshi's films never know the meaning of the word "sublet". This looks like he never heard of the word. But perhaps such a topic needs extremism. Real sledgehammer satire. Some topics can not be carefully grasped. Bakshi is ruthless. Here, no member or minority on the Harlem scene does not seem undamaged. The characters here are "animated" to "real" all depending on the mood and situation. Animated characters and human beings share the same reality and are intended to be taken literally. Bakshi never shows only ugly caricatures only for the value of shock. He always has something to say. No black face is free. Here, unlike Spike Lee's "Bamboozled", he seems to use it to try to say something. Like 99.9% of all Bakshi movies, this includes animation and live action. Usually at the same time. Bakshki is not just gimmicky here. All this technique is intertwined, connecting while you speak something. Somehow this one feels inevitably dated. Many of these types of films (including Bakshiev's) are very current, very current. They reflect a certain trend of the day, but looking back a few years later, there is only an unmistakable sense of nostalgia (as well as an extreme truth). the city looks like photographs belonging to the temporal capsule, attitude, spirit, and heart remain the same regardless of what the f-royal ear is. Anyone who really did see movies, the state of things and was in the company of people knows what I'm talking about. Even some of the black characters are bunny (junglebunnies), big bear and handcuffs. One of the worst and insidious racist characters is a dirty Harlem cop who is hot on the trail of these "dirty n-s" after the death of a policeman. But for him, this is not just a job. Nor is it for other brothers who wear shields. It's just a pure sadistic racist pleasure for the black men. The order that includes Kuma and his lady is one of the most pessimistic pieces in the whole movie, many of which are many. It is played as an opera or ballet. Promotional line: WARNING: "This movie insults everything!" This is not just a hybrid. Continue with great caution. You are warned ... Dane Ioussef
