Coonskin could be my favorite Ralph Bakshi movie. As is best for his work, it's in your face and is not ashamed of it for a moment, but unlike some of his other works (even when he is at his best bet, which was before and after Coonskin with heavy traffic and sorcerers), this is not very uneven, despite the fact that it looks the opposite. Bakshi, of course, takes the stereotypes and perceptions of the race, but moreover, he does what appears to be a free film of exploitation; almost, although Bakshi does not stop right there. If it's just a flash of inventive animation, that might be enough for a significant feature. But Bakshi's goals are higher: the throwing of these grotesque and exaggerated images not only of blacks, but of Italians / mobsters, gays, Jews, and all-round New Yorker types in Manhattan's urban areas of the 1970s, he does not want to make anything realistic. The most common creation in the search for a drawn "law" is, in fact, a naked woman painted in red, white and blue. In ridiculing these stereotypes and conventions and terrible forms of racism (ie "Katran") A joke, a joke, and a black face, we look at the abstraction to a great extent. And best of all, Bakshi does not take too seriously, unlike Spider Lee with a movie like Bamboozled, in the delivery of his message. For this reason, Coonskin is mostly a hilarious work, where some of the images and things are done and suddenly curves and, of course, scenes of unpleasant behavior (I liked the scene where they talk about three animated characters) in a real white pair in clothes and dress as it looks "colorful" and the like), it's too big to not laugh. It's not just about pictures, which are incredibly "too big" in themselves, but also that the scenario is sharp and that this is the key to Bakshi this time, having in mind a fairly cohesive story to connect with improvisations and insanity. Using the first live action, then the animation, and then the extremely clever matching of these two (ironic, what Bakshi later went in a commercial form with Cool World was done on T with less money Paff and Randy waiting in front of the prison wall to escape from their fellows, while Pippi talks about Brother Zec, who goes to Harlem with Brother Bear and Preacher Fox, and becomes a generous hooligan with Zecom, in direct opposition to Jabba-the-Hut-eskuire kum-liku. take off on the Song of the South with its deliberately happy occasion and ani Here, Bakshi goes to breakdown in a combination of shapes: animated characters stand behind and move together with live wallpapers, when violence arrives and shooting and fighting, it's bloody as it can get for 1975; when a dirty cop in a bar and drugged and put on a black face and dress, he travels in a way that even Disnei could not reach with Dumb; a boxer sword with brother of a bear and an opponent while the peak is recorded in a wild slow motion; archival footage appears from time to time old films, some and some of the 20s that are simply uninfluenced. As Mel Brooks or Kubrick, or, more recently, South Park, Bakshi Coonskin functions as a party and then another. It's also a daring recording of films on an independent scale; From the long take-up to the editing and infinitely deformed designs for characters (but all based on themes), the thought in the script serves, where his work in B-film opens much more for interpretation. To call it a racist lack of point; it's like calling Dr. Strangelove for pro-atomic desolation or Confederate States of slavery. And for me, it's one of the best satire ever made.
