After I finally watched Valt Disnei's Song in the south on mispace, I decided to watch Ralph Bakshi's response to this Coonskin-on Afro Video that I linked to Google Video. In this, during the live-action sequence, Preacherman (Charles Gordone) leads his friend Sampson (Barri Wahite) with him to pick up Scatman Crothers and Randy (Philip Thomas, years before he added Michael as his middle name professionally) ) as the last two escaped from prison. During their attempt, Pappi tells Randy the story of Brother Rabbit (Thomas's voice), Brother Bear (Vhite), and Preacher Fok (Gordone) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of Baxchy's efforts, there is a mixture of animation and live action that provides a unique view of the writer / director who will surely offend some people. Another fascinating animated character is Miss America, which is as big as the gigantic in any way - a white blonde woman dressed in red, white and blue stars and streaks holding a little blacks and throwing it into a sexually violent way that was shockingly funny to me ! There are many such scenes that are covered throughout the picture, one of which in connection with the frontal anatomy of Brother Brother also provided great laughter from me. There is also a part of a woman who tells her baby about the "rooster" she was a friend of, who left her touching that part that seemed to be a gift to a comic artist George Herriman. I was also fascinated by listening to Grover Vashington Jr.'s version of Ain't No Sunshine, which was heard as part of the score. The most striking part of the picture was that Scatman himself was portrayed with a silhouetted head during the opening of a credit string that sang and spilled a song that was used by N words in a satirical way. When I saw VHS title a few years ago, he showed Brother Rabbit in a bold way before what looked like Varner's circles with the slogan: "This film will offend EVERYONE". It is enough warning to anyone who thinks that all cartoons are intended for children. In this regard, I definitely recommend Coonskin fans of Bakshi and all forms of animation.
