Stunning realization happens when a kind of phenomenon happens !! Whether it's a petard, a witness of robbery, a hurricane that unwittingly destroys everything on its way, or, in any case, any other spectacular event !! In the case of the Maclean family, however, the discovery was something that was not more complicated than their everyday lives. In the early twentieth century in Montana there was an environment that was rude and hasty ... Maclean's family consisted of four. people, father, minister, who was ideologically encouraged to properly raise his family. His wife was afraid of God and she was obedient. Two boys were, well ... boys! What else can you say? ... Brad Pitt acted in this movie before he was really THE !! Brad Pitt, and his acting performance in this film, was, at least, remarkable !!! His brother, Norman, was a cerebral type, he was touched by emotions that were sincere and motivated by the expensive values ​​Missoula, Montana agreed with !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was unsuitable from the offensive, and he lived on the edge ... You would think that the Montana of the 1920s did not have such a thing, but somehow, gambling, drinking and violent conflicts were part of Paul, and his fellow! Fishing on the fly !! I said yes? Parentheticalli, this is the core of this movie theme! Recreation of fly fishing served as a cohesive link that homogenized the related ghosts of the Maclean brothers, and to a lesser extent their father !! I would describe the actor in this film as incredibly persuasive, and the cinema surpassed the sensational. Thus, anyone who sees this movie wants to live in Montana. The filmography of blue from the blue mountains and streams captured the youth and sparkling nature that the brothers Maclean had for life ... It is rare in the film to testify that feelings immediately cause persistent persistence to achieve everything possible that someone wants to accomplish. Maclean Brothers lived their lives in full measure, and for the better or worse, the father knew that this would be the only way for them to become men! ... Robert Redford directs this film, tells the story of Maclean through the perspective of his older brother, Norman ... Norman gets a position at the University of Chicago at age 26, and marries a woman she will always be in love ... What this film also points out that the younger brother, Paul, achieved the achievement of Nt from his own, by being presented as an outstanding flyer !! The larger side of life prevails in the existence of a younger brother and exhibits a bitter form of astonishment for the Maclean family !! As most human defects go away, Maclean's family made the light of turbulent water, (literally), and thus established unity as a family, putting the necessary blind armor. The end of the movie "The River" Passes Through It "is the epigram of life through the eyes of an older brother. For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a precondition for perseverance in his emeritus for years! Such a fate is mainly due to the fact that thinking about His life is equally craving for people who have died! The loving memories of his brother, his wife, his mother, and his father must now be seen philosophically! For Norman, his life has been suppressed by the stubbornness of the facts that determined his suspicious perspective and an uncertain decision Something that o Just like the statement "This was your life, and that's how you lived" is a gloomy memory of joy, sorrow, regret, and love that he gave, as well as the one who was the recipient !! Best of all, in The last sermon he heard from his father, his father said: "We can completely love someone without understanding them completely." Regardless of whether you agree with what happened in your life or not, it happened anyway! Norman Maclean must to face the fact that his life was fragmented with misunderstandings! Norman Maclean has become an eerie eight year old who is polarized by virtual conclusions in his life !! The dark waters of picturesque Montana rivers serve as a vicious and messy ending of his years on earth! Without a doubt, a very fruitful statement "what seems complicated is really very simple" provokes a very angry message in this movie ... Simply put ... People and places that were important in Norman's life are now only a bitter-sweet memory .... only a painful intellectual discussion about events that have been exacerbated by the terrible waters of Montana's beautiful streams and rivers ... To which, for the entire Maclean family, "all things melt into one and the river flows through it"
