There is a legion of Mick Garris who feels he can not direct the horror film quality if he has to. And, SLEEPVALKERS (... script written by Stephen King) is often used as an example of this. I love the SLEEPVALKERS, although I'm fully aware that Garris only says that F # ck it and let the hell lose about fifteen minutes in the movie. Forget the development of characters or plots that you need them anyway. It is about violent disorder and bloody slaughter as a pair of mothers and sons of "moonshine" (... creatures that change human form and which sow the vitality of innocent virgin women, moving from city to city, living nomadic existence, really powerful) view to a teenager who does not surrender without a fight. Before everything is said and done, many will be slaughtered until the mother will tolerate the possible death of her beloved son. Garris loses some time on setting up those who will be executed, as a teacher (Glenn) Shadik), suspecting of a handsome, All-American charmer Charles Brady (Brian Krause) to be someone completely different from what he claims to be his hand cut off and His neck is torn. Charles lures the virgin to her arms, pulling up her energy, and then "feeding" her hungry mom, Mary (Alice Krige). A fresh new target is Tania Robertson (Madchen Amick), and it seems easy to pickens, but this will not be the case even when Charles is seriously injured in the fight (.. thanks to the cat's deputy, Clovis), Marius's vengeance will be reaped at all those who find her on the road. Mary, come hell or water, will return to Tanya in order to "refresh" her dying son. Like many teenagers, I fell in love with certain actresses I watched in movies. Like Ami Dolenz, I was amazed by Madchen Amick. She is simply beautiful in this film and I like to bite her lower lip showing the obvious attraction to Charles, unconscious of his hidden motives. I just knew that Madchen Amick would be destined to be the queen of screaming, but that would never be the case. It's a pity I would have received in a genre with open arms. Krige is delicious as a threatening, damnest sexy, but evil and evil bitch that wipes out the entire police force and poor Tania's parents. in one unsuccessful encounter, in less than ten minutes. Put one in the back of the corn patch! She bit her fingers from poor Ron Perlman before breaking her arm (which was thrown out of the bone), blowing it with her own elbow! She throws Tania's mother out the window after she smashed the rose out of her father's face! The deputy is stabbed in Charles's ear (Cop-kebab!), Falling on the pen for extra stroke. Poor Tanya pulls her house from Maria by her hair, taken to Brady's house and forced to make an improvised dance with a mutilated monster! The sheriff is thrown on the fence and we see how cats fight against moonlight as opposed to humans. We see that the ability of Mary and Charles to "darken" themselves and their car using the power of invisibility. The writer Stephen King even finds time to include himself and his friends in horrors in the sequence of crimes with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as forensics, Joe Dante and John Landis as photo experts. The film is filming your face in the face, indulging in this, while the music conveniently hit this technique home. It's ultra-violent, simple, with some disruptive behavior and black humor that combines Garris's direction and King's script. The incestuous corner of the moonlight is a little disturbing in your face. Without the laziness of complexity, this is closer to the king's insane MAKSIMIMUM OVERDRIVE than his more serious works.
