Batman and Superman. Iconic. Most of the old age. Who does not know about these two? There must be countless fans who will die to film a movie about them. Sandi Collora went ahead and made a trailer for such a film (which does not exist and does not create, and even less this team). Perhaps what is most important about how much it is polished. Cinema is solid. Editing is spot-on. Production values, even with costumes that resemble their comic parties more than on feature films with this character, are fairly high. Looks like a pretty "Hollivood", this trailer. Physical types correspond, as far as I can tell, each character. The lines are reasonably written. The recordings are well designed, well-accomplished and quite effective. However, this has problems, and despite its good looks, it does not exactly match the energy and skill of Graison (which only had a problem with too much inclination between short and trailer, as well as with a trailer). as an unbridled passion that leads to inclusion of too many characters and ideas). The acting may be most obvious. Not good. Even some of those who have only one line and / or barely appear on the screen generally succeed in delivering good performance. Actors who act in parts seem to be chosen more for how much they look like characters they play than their talent. Then there is writing. Really, the plot, well, what is a small amount (this guy and this character are merging, something about some evil plan ...) is fine. There is a problem in characterization. While most characters seem to fit, Tvo-Face is about as much as a lunatic (which is quite simple, as far as I understand, and not what the character is) as it was in Batman forever (and your work on portraying anyone element of the Batman universe in comparison with the efforts of Joel Schumacher can be considered the greatest insult to the fans). Also, placing this figure in this will cause comparisons between this story and that film (frankly, Collora practically asked for it with such a similar initial discovery) and, let's face it, it loses in every respect. Michael Antonik definitely does not have the screen presence that Tommy Lee Jones does, and make-up (which is essential in the above-mentioned discovery) is not as strong as the one in the movie (whether or not it was good in the movie is another matter). It's sad that Fiorella (John, created by Graison) seems a lot more in comics, and gets them, deeper than them, better (not to mention having more abilities to think of a tremendous complication .. Graison had enough material for half a dozen movies, or more), Collora seems to have access to resources and one that has a greater chance of having contacts (due to non-indie credits on his filmography) until you have the opportunity to make the real trait of his trailer. I intend to watch other Collore works. But Fiorella is one of the two most interested in me. I recommend it to fans of characters. 7/10
