I'll say this for the beginning: ... Why, oh, does not the VB be able to do what these short line managers are doing? Sandi is an obviously incredible director, and deserves a bit of credit from the UK and DC. But I guess they are somehow on the edge when a man with a $ 12,000 budget can make a super hero adore. World Finest is one of the best short films I've ever seen, Trailer or not. I think the choice of Bodibuilder (Mike O'Hearn) for Superman was a genius choice. Facing people, Superman is not a super-model. It may be convenient, but GK Stud is not. And I do not know what this guy had a few comments above me, but Superman is actually pretty strong (Have you ever read the Superman comic?). I suppose the very fact itself is just a basis ... It seems to me that such an obvious choice is for someone with a real muscular mass to play Super Hero, not a pretty face. The same thing for Batman, Bartram is incredible, and great Batman ... I do not know the guy ... If I get a bigger budget, and his movie ... I think Bale and Bartram would be the Neck and the Neck. . All in all, this is one of the rare films with super heroes with the actors who actually watch the part. The act is also very beautiful. I do not know what everyone's talking about, O'Hearn is not that bad. Damn convincing like Superman, and Bartram ... Well, he's Batman. I mean, come on, this movie had a $ 12,000 budget, what did you expect? And everyone else is great, except that Tvo-Face looks a bit more cunning than usual ... But hey, we only have Tommy-Lee Jones as a reference. Oh, and Lois is pretty hot. SFKS is both sweet. I mean, seeing Superman pick up the car ... MAN! How cool it is. Opposite "Tank" scene in Grayson, maybe I'll have to put this above it, because Mike actually looks like it's flying, and it's easy. Flying sequences left something to wish, but once again, with a higher budget ... Oh, he even used Batmobile! (Probably it was a model, but it looked bloody convincing). All in all, the only fall of this trailer is the lack of a serious budget. And VB refuses to admit that Collora is a credible director, and should be part of a project ... But no, they (like most Marvel projects) will only continue to receive those hacking directors who show almost no relationship to fans and for what they care about them, and continue to exhaust these gambling films. Thank God that the Superman Return was hit, or that it was serious. World Finest is great, and in my book it counts as Superhero Movie.
