Allow me to clarify one thing, generally, the mentality of those who are conducting the show in Hollywood sincerely exhaust me in general, and even more precisely in relation to the treatment of many beloved, iconic characters from the comic book page. Why? Well, let's get a typical Hollywood scenario for a committee meeting to illustrate whether we will ...? Executive no. 1 'Hey, there are lots of dollars to be collected from the superhero. Executive Number 2 'Good point, let's make one with the groove! ?? We will happily dip into the hat and choose a random superhero to base the film! (Dip takes place and the famous superhero name is drawn out) Executive No.1 'Excellent! And now, who can we play? Executive number 2 "Who is at the moment a big star cashier?" Executive No.1 "* The name of the great actor * is this week." Executive No. 2 'But does he really fit into that role? I do not think it resembles any character. Executive No.1 'Who cares?! He is a great name; We'll record a movie with him anyway. Executive No. 2. Nevertheless, we will fill up the whole film so that we will be full of great special effects in order to calm the moronic masses that no one will ever question! 'disdain the most modern superhero films. All style, no substance and simply pathetic throwing of iconic traces. Of course, to be fair, there are exemptions from the above rule; when Hollivood realized it? Take the casting of the original (and still the best!) Superman; Christopher Reeve and recently Patrick Stevart and Sir Ian McKellen in X-Men films. But return to the general negative features that Hollivood displayed today? Would not it be wonderful that our studio managers had to always choose the actors who really answered the roles? Well, in this less ideal world, a filmmaker just believes it or not, casting actors on the basis of their true similarity with their comic comrades. His name is Sandi Collora. Unfortunately (but typically) Hollywood did not allow Collori to direct a full-length film, but luckily for us, he gave us tempting views on how the final outcome will look like two (still) famous super hero short features. One of them is remarkable Batman: Dead End, and the other is this fake trailer for a completely fictitious movie called Worlds Finest. This is absolutely great! Casting winner Mr. The universe and male model Michael O'Hearn, (which looked alike, but was completely lost in a dark barber) makes it a perfect choice for the act of a iconic man of steel. Actually, in terms of physical similarity, there was no doubt that there was ever closer approach to the comic figure. With this, Clark Bartram returned from his brilliant portrait like Dark Knight in Batman: Dead \ t End; Again, another huge piece of casting! <br /> <br /> What to say? ?? If this really was a real, full movie! Hollivood studio managers? take note! This is how it should be done! As the last message, I was once again intrigued by the very divided reactions that this short film caused fans. Significantly speaking, the most dangerous and harsh negative reactions to it obviously come once again (as Batman: Dead End) from a younger, less kinematic-experienced audience; the fact that they were issued by their somewhat grammatically primitive enthusiasm and the liberal use of the basic diction. Such an unhappy state of the closed mind is a really sad phenomenon, although our above-mentioned study directors in Hollywood will undoubtedly be very pleased. After all, these same mistyped individuals are, in all likelihood, the same kind of CGI addicts, imbeciles populating popcorn and enjoying most of the shit that Hollywood spit from these dives.
