"World Finest" is a unique project. It's a trailer for Superman / Batman transient film that does not exist and will never exist, at least not in this form, with these characters, actors and plot in any case. So, the movie is one big pussy, even more than the standard of everyday real movie trailers. The trailer will disturb you all. In this connection, I did not like this short project. Looking at this trailer makes you hungry and excited for more and at the same time sad - and maybe you will then feel cheated, when it turns out that the film in the full length of this movie will never exist at all. In a way you are wondering why this project was made. Surely I would show Sandia Collore's skills, but he could not do this with a real short film, like his earlier Batman: Dead End movie. for what it is, so from a technical point of view, it's really great. It looks great and much more professional than it would expect at first glance, although people who have already watched "Batman: Dead End" already know better than expecting a short piece of cardboard, cheap homemade costumes, and third - actors. The short film is not always impressive and it is obvious that the budget was not high, but in most cases it is very impressive and professional, with nice costumes, sets, special effects, cinema and lighting. Short is a good speed and a typical trailer to build, with perhaps a bit too posing poses too completely to find credible, but hey, it works well for the style story. It has impressive footage, but also a couple of lame, mostly flying sequences of Superman. It was obvious that the guy was standing in a car on the move, with a camera directed at him from the angle below. I even thought it was pretty funny to watch. But really better and more spectacular moments really compensate for this. Michael O'Hearn looked like a pretty good Superman / Clark Kent, although apparently he is not the best talented actor. Clark Bartram resumed his role in Batman again and Kurt Carlei looked like a terrible Lek Luthor. The rest of the actors served well enough for their purpose. It is especially interesting to watch this short text after the recent recent reinterpretations of the two main superheroes of this film, in the films "Batman Begins" and "Superman Returns". It is interesting to compare the style and treatment of the characters of these films with this. It's really amazing and fun to hear how Kurt Carlei sounds like Kevin Spacey, an actor who played Lick Luthor in "Superman Returns". It's a good looking and well-designed and constructed trailer that will still make you hungry yet, although you know it will not be anymore. What happened to Vaner Bros plans. by the way, creates a real movie about Superman / Batman? I thought the events took place a few years ago, but since then nothing has been heard. Instead, two new Batman and Superman were made; "Batman Begins" and "Superman Returns". 7/10
