When John Wayne recorded his story of Alam, he built a complete Alam set in Brackettsville, Texas, which is still a pretty tourist attraction. As long as it stands, we will have a set for future Alamo interpretation for the screen. One such thing with Dennis Quaid and Billy Bob Thornton was done in this century. But I would say that Alamo: Thirteen days to fame is the best Alamo story I recorded. John Vaine's movie is good if overloaded, but it's John Vaine's film that has rearranged the story to fulfill the parameters of the screen character of John Wayne. Brian Keith plays David Crockett here and gives a fine interpretation of the humorous border character that he was. It's much closer to Professor Lynn Tinkle's book on Alam than Vaine's film and reading years of the book. Before that, I can confirm this. Tinkle's book is listed as a source in both films, but Tinkle who was alive when Vaine was filmed and was not pleased with the result. Alec Baldwin was aged for young people. Villiam Barrett Travis, an idealistic freedom fighter who was by chance a slave. At that time no one saw this ironic contradiction. One thing that was not explored was Travis's hyperactive sex drive. He was Casanova in the southwest, even held a diary about libidinal conquests. But the man who always gets bleached is Jim Bovie, who plays James Arness here. He was a hero in Alam to be sure, but his career in front of Alam was humorous. He was a smuggler, slave trader, all over the place selling a country he had a dubious title. But his heroic death surely bought him. There is no indication of this in Arnes's view, nor about anything I saw on Bovie on the screen. And of course, he designed the Bovie knife, done according to his specifications. That man needed such a weapon. However, the main fortune that Alamo has: Thirteen days to fame is a full portrait of Antonio De Lopez De Santa Anne, the president of Mexico who personally appears to have rejected the rebellion caused by the North Americans who came to appear in Texas on a Mexican call. Unfortunately, these Americans came up with some pre-conceived notions of freedom that just did not get so far to the south, at least for the freedom of white people. Raul Julia plays Santa Anna, which remains an even more controversial figure in the history of Mexico. He was also a real nickname, but he was the best producer in Mexico until the real reformer Benito Juarez came. This film was a farewell appearance by Lorne Greene who briefly appeared as General Sam Houston. Greene was not exactly my concept for Houston, he was really too old for the role, Houston was in the early forties in 1836, he was not yet a Patriarch of Texas. But within the limits imposed on him, Greene does a good job. For the romantic story of Alam's story, look at the version of John Vaine, but for historical content, I recommend this film high.
