As a fan of the genre, a child of the 80s and a fan of hard rock music ... this movie takes a special place in my heart. There is everything you can wish for in a supernatural film: action, excellent special effects (for 1986) and a sound background for the vocal guitar title. It was certainly a movie for all lovers of heavy metal at that time. I did not see it in the cinema because it was never published theatolally here ... but the popularity of videos in the mid-1980s ensured its cult status and eventually led to (unfortunately, a central) DVD release in 2002. If you're not a fan of nasty movies or rock music then this is probably not your glass ... but, believe me, there are bad bad movies of this type ... and, despite the average acting and some extremely funny situations, Trick or Treat is definitely a wrap riff above The usual horror to happen. You will never again watch your stereo sound. Or to say an MP3 player? TRICK OR TRIVIA TRIVIA - Marc Price (Eddie) was played by Geeki Skippi Handelman on popular feature-length comedy "Famili Ties". After a series of direct video spots, including 'Little Devils' 'Killer Tomatoes, Eating France' and 'The Rescue', he quit acting to continue his career in a stand-up comedy. Recently he was thinking about television comeback. Glenn Morgan (Roger) is now a great Hollywood producer / screenwriter. He has written and produced several major films and TV series, including: Space: Above and Beiond 'The Ks-Files''Final Destination''Jet Li's One''Villard' and recently 'Final Destination 3'. Tony Fields (Sammi) began his career as a dancer on the TV series 'Solid Gold'. He appeared in several low-budget TV shows and TV shows before turning his role as devious Sammi Curr into 'Trick or Treat'. Unfortunately, Tony died on 27 February 1995 of cancer-related AIDS. Doug Savant (Tim) is probably best remembered for the pioneering role of Matt Fielding's homosexual twentysomething at the popular sitcom 'Melrose Place'. Since then, he has had a long and varied acting career, appearing in movies and TV series such as: One''Godzilla''CSI: Crime Scene Investigation and short-lived science-fiction series Joss Vhedon 'Firefly'. Currently he can be seen as Tom Scavo on the hit series 'Desperate Housevives'.
