I heard about this movie when I watched "100 Most Metal Moments". In this segment, Gene Simmons (who played the Kameyah) and several other respondents talked about the extent to which this film is terrible. Unlike most people, I am often more curious when watching films that have a reputation that they are funny than, say, the masterpiece of the movie. The advantage of this attitude is half the time when I learned that movies are not nearly as bad as people say, and finally I enjoy them much more than I expected. That was my experience with "Trick or Treat". Now it's hard to make a movie about a teenager who receives messages from a dead star of heavy metal playing one of his old records backwards without making people scoff at the premise. Certainly, this is certainly a weird premise, but the one that has never been done before! Show the creators of the originality point for God's sake! If you want to buy a DVD, without first knowing the movie, do not be fooled thinking that Ozzi Osbourne and Gene Simmons are stars. However, although Simmons has a disgruntled role, Ozzi has a funny comedy as Reverend (that's right, Reverend !!) that speaks against heavy metal. First, it's fun to watch Ozzi short hair. And for the other thing, you can not help but laugh at the irony. Of course, it's a cheap blow, but it's effective. The acting is pretty good. The performances were convincing. Teen characters are awfully cliché. So, expect the usual series of joker and nergeters. And as in each of these films, a beautiful girl is a decent person who has sympathy for the alienated protagonist, but continues to come out with her boyfriend. Why does she come out with such a complete jerk at all? Because the land needs an obstacle. There is no other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty pleasures is to see the evil athletes in these films, because I was exiled to high school. The film kept my interest for the most part, but the third act was too conventional and made me turn my eyes because there would be one predictable situation for the other. But the movie is not bad at all and definitely worth watching in the rainy days. (7 of 10)
