Undoubtedly the best heavi metallic horror item made in the manhattan headhang's 80th, which, however, does not sound much because of how unbelievable many other entries in this strange movie sub-genre such as "Hard Rock Zombies", "Blood Tracks" , "Terror on Tour", and especially the godless Jon-Mikl Thor-starred "Rock'n'Roll Nightmare" was usually. In addition, he still deserves the equipment to reduce excessive spraying and unnecessarily unusual special f / k breaks -papping in favor of focusing on adolescent high school are the characters that are shown with greater sharpness and conviction than the norm for teens in the mid-1980s. Moreover, the sharp anarchic parodies of the film about the ridiculous, heavy metal nonsense of the 80's and the agonizing self-control of the agitated conservative conservative who claimed to be the devil music, they are very clever and funny (known greedy Decade heavi metal god Ozzi Osbourne has a hilarious piece like a stinking anti-metal TV evangelist!) Marc Price (hopelessly two-headed Skippi on the "Famili Ties") It gives surprisingly strong and brilliant Eddie "Ragman" Veinbauer, geeki, socially awkward and heavily persecuted heavi metal aficionado who has constantly picked up the stinging jerk of preppie silderies that make up the majority of the student body in Lakeridge High School (cruelty and witty schoolchildren are chained with painfully credible precision). Eddie's life worsens when his idol rock star Sammi Curr (an impressively deleted portrait of Tony Fields) disappears in the hotel's fire. The local Nuke's local drive joke (KISS frontman Gene Simons in the tower) catches Eddie with Sammy's final, unpublished album, which, when played back, returns Curro's evil spirit from the dead. Sammi encourages Eddie to refer him to all the evil bastards that make the life of the poor Eddie a proverbial living hell, just to obey Eddie who proved to be the most irritating potential accomplice. At Eddie, with the help of a beautiful girlfriend Leslie Graham (who is kindly written by Lisa Orgolini), to stop Sammy before things become too out of hand. But sent with praiseworthy and sensitivity to the character Charles Martin Smith (who also briefly appears as a teacher at school), wisely wrote Michael S. Murphi, Joel Soisson and Rhet Topham, and is capable of behaving in a uniform, so safe sleeper even ends up with a few wonderful "leaping" moments (an incredible attack at the back of the car with grotesquely crafty, long lasting mutants that definitely highlighted), the exciting "Carrie "a stylish dance clan in high school, a properly used Night Witch setting, revenge is properly displayed as a really ugly job, and a solid central message that you should not make a certain overperfected hyper-personal hero exclusively to calculate og placing anti-practice in the position of the counterpart, that qualifies for the special status r.
