The best film about the Battle of San Antonio in Texas in March 1836 was the epic film by John Wayne THE ALAMO. In a recording as a director producer, who temporarily financed him temporarily, Wayne showed that he was talented in making films beyond his acting skills similar to the icons, personalizing the West. I commented on this movie in a review a certain evening, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the scriptwriter) had dealt with some of the points that are barely mentioned in earlier film about the battle. They brought the issue of slavery. Finally, they spoke about the contribution of the local landowner of Mexico, Hua Seguin, as an important leader in the independence war, as well as Crockett, Bovie, Travis, Austin and Houston. But in the film there was one weakness (although well hidden). Wayne worked hard to get it right, thinking of many people for the major roles in it. But he did not deal well with the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anne. This role was played by an obscure actor Ruben Padilla (on this board his thread shows only three listed credits). Padilla had no conversation (not even in Spanish). And while he has one of the last footage in the film, he only appears as a silent tyrant, watching the burning of the body of Americans and their allies. In spite of a few bad choices in the film It's the best film featuring a man who (from 1836 to 1854) was the leading leader of American policy makers. Raul Julia was a great actor. I was fortunate to see him in production (late eighties) ARMANY AND MAN in Manhattan, like Sergius. He was never boring and he was usually the first in his acting. Here we see an egoistic monster in his worst. Nothing is acceptable that does not fit into Santa Ana's desires and activities. It may be the failure of the editors in the military to bring up an item that he was looking for fast enough, or may the audacity of these "foreign bandits" (as Americans have seen) do not bow to themselves, "Napoleon West." Santa Anna was President of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed he was involved for the first time in overthrowing the president because that president did not fulfill the constitution of the country, but that was the force that kept him from year to year. It is a sad comment that he was the leading Mexican historical figure in those two decades. No political personality or military personality would have risen to overtake him until Benito Juarez was in the late 1850s. He initially claimed great liberal ideals, but once admitted that people in Mexico are children who need a hundred years to be able to rule (and so it sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS talking about the people he helped to lead against Jose Ferrer). The incredible thing about him is that he managed to keep coming back. His policy was a disaster. Although we know about his attack on Texas (in order to suppress the rebellion there), he also tried to expand to Guatemala (and he probably saw himself controlling much of Central America). He defeated Alam, but at a very high cost of his life. His massacre of Colonel Fannin's men in Goliath was unforgivable (it could have been the case for the destruction of the defender Alam who fought for the last one, but Fannin surrendered). Then there was the San Jacinto disaster, where his army was destroyed (he failed to take appropriate precautions to guard American troops). He was captured and humiliated and forced to sign the surrender of Texas. Houston was kind to him: the troops wanted to pull him. In addition to losing his leg in the fight against France in 1838, he managed not to be wounded in most of his wars. He declined Texas's forced surrender, but he could not militarily drop it. Instead, he would lead Mexico into a defeat in the 1846-48 war against the Americans, leading to a Mexican session. The US was "decent" enough to pay Mexico $ 15,000,000 for the southwest, but Mexico lost half its territory. The last time he would be president in 1853, to give Franklin Pierce a terribly poor administration for just one moment of glory - Santa Anna sold the boundaries of Arizona and New Mexico ("Gadsden Purchase") to the United States. (not even Porfirio Diaz) did not cost his country so much (Diaz was sold to foreign business interests, but he built an economic muscle in Mexico). He was expelled in 1855 and settled on Staten Island. He managed to do the most creative work there: he introduced a chick into the United States and became a chewing gum. Someone's achievement! Julia Santa Ana is younger than a practicing practicing practitioner and a shammer who has become the best American land buying agent. He will not oppose the opposition and he for a moment jumps into fierce anger. For most of his time, his chief assistant, Colonel Black (David Ogden Stiers, a British officer here), keeps his tongue - he does not want to be in front of the firing squad the way he might be. But Stiers is secretly less than fascinated by his boss. In the end, when he was alone with his newly married wives of the dead defenders of Alam, Stiers suggests to tell the world how Santa Anna really is. And they are!
