TRICK OR TREAT is a good example of how Hollywood jumps on "return messages to metal music" are triggered by Tipper Gore and Vashington Vives in the mid-'80s (other, less successful entries in this mini-genre include horrific events) BLACK ROSES and funny THE GATE. I was a second year student in high school when TRICK OR TREAT came out and I was barely waiting to see him. It seemed to have disappeared from video stores by the end of the 80's, but I finally recently erected a DVD copy at favorable prices and brought me many pleasant metal memories from the past. Any metal teenager could refer to Eddie's trial "Ragman" Veinbauer (Marc Price from "Famili Ties") in this film, for it is being haunted by "beautiful" people in his high school because of his heavy metal fashion and musical taste. . Eddie's favorite rock star is Sammi Curr (who resembles Tommy Lee Motley Crue), who was murdered early in the hotel's fire. Eddie is impatient until he receives Sammy's final, unpublished album from the radio DJ (Gene Simmons of Kiss in a short film). Eddie soon reveals that this LP, when played back, allows him to communicate with Sammi Curr's mortal spirit! Soon Sammy gives Eddie advice on how to equate her preppie with the torturers, but when the messages escalate in scarcity ("Vaste'em ALL ... no false metal!") Eddie is trying to destroy the album, resulting in the return of Sammi- I live through Eddie's stereo speakers. Sammi is fighting for a big dance at Eddie's High School and takes to the stage to knock down the crowd and break down several unhappy "fake metallers" before Eddie arrives to save her day and girlfriend of his dreams. (SIGH) No, it's not terribly terrible in 2006; it was not terrible in 1986, but TRICK OR TREAT is a movie that will bring a smile to the face of any metalhead from the 1980s and has a silent soundtrack thanks to the Fastvai Cultural Group. It's good to ask if you've ever hit your head or you have a taste for horror movies of the B-class (or both, like me).
