Over and over, I said that if people do not want to make remakes or sequels, they should stop seeing them and instead enter the world of an independent movie. However, when I last saw a solo film, I had to be easy six months ago. So here's an overview of the indie I've attracted to Ioutube; Cure. Immediately, you can say that the movie goes for a avant-garde film approach that is telegraphed in its use of extreme close-ups, scopophilia and rapid editing. He is proud of the way he looks - and he has the right to be. For the most part, it is a very nice piece, except for one unacceptable failure to comply with the rules of 180 degrees and a comically bad shot effect which is a phenomenon that looks like a calling card for self-financed projects. However, despite these amateur mistakes, most of the recordings are really a pleasure to watch. We present you good use of props and locations, good visual action and very atmospheric, fluid assembly, which is more commendable, as this is definitely something that you will not see often with Ioutube submission. The action is fragmented and although the basic premise is fairly simple, some may find it hard to follow exactly what is happening, but what we see here is avant-garde narrative at work; you can not expect a clear structure of three acts and if you do not, you may not be ready for this type of movie. Where the film is unfortunately down, it's still sound. What you will hear in its entirety is a distorted voice transmission that often sounds dishonest and worse is continuous background music that goes through a minimal change and does not add much to anything. There is so much attention paid to the visual effects that the sound sounds sounded neglected, and this becomes really obvious when you realize that you have just missed about four sentences from the narrative and that you have to retreat to pick up what went your attention. > So, watch it, but do it with the sound off. Last thought; Has anyone else recalled the cover of the novel Dag Najlora Red Dwarf "The Last Man" in the early film? If you have a book, you know what I mean.
