Frequently misunderstood Zabriskie Point is Antonioni's political film, Antonioni's American film. Stylish, followed by a suit after "Blov-Up", which means that the pace is faster than the previous episodes, although certainly no less idiosyncratic. It is usually a common mistake that the movie glorifies the hippie generation. Not like that. Two protagonists come from very different environments. Mark from "insurgents," Daria from the Real Estate Corporation. But in the true Antonion's fashion, they are both alienated, both trying to escape from their surroundings. Mark leaves a meeting of rebel students, and Black Panthers are disappointed with the verbosistic empty rhetoric, and Daria moves uncomfortably with her car. and shallow, then move to the city. An environment saturated with corporatism, billboards, nonsense, which must constantly expand in order to adapt to a similar expansion of the population, creating profits at the same time. Two protagonists emerge from this environment, although this seems to be mostly coincidental. Indeed, when Daria stops a small village in the suburbs of the desert, the environment is equally congested, and people as lost cases, best illustrated by the old boxing champion, are now reduced to shadows, sitting and drinking and talking nonsense. An astounding sequence of melancholy, made even more powerful by involving some half of the wild children living around, brought by some "benefactors", but "destroying the real part of American history". In a not so vague symbolism, Antonioni's opinion of hippies. Just a half-positive look at the canvas of human alienation. And there is a desert, a landscape used for a devastating effect, seemingly pure and terrifying, primal, wild and dead. The sequence in which the two protagonists make love, "united" in the fantasy of the "flower" generation, reflects a similar sequence in the "Red Desert", where Giuliana tells her son a story. It is a colorful interruption in a colorless landscape. A vivid half-fantasy in a reality that dips. The ending probably belongs to the pantheon of large endings in the cinema, the western civilization is blown up. Catharsis, exorcism. Antionion's two "international" films (the British "Blov-Up" and the American "Zabriskie Point") are smaller efforts than the previous masterpieces, but this is mainly due to the faster pace and inevitably fictional settings (rocking London, America flower-power). But when it comes to this, it's clear that it has not lost its advantage.
