I have to admit that it was always difficult for me to watch Antonioni's film from the beginning to the end in the first attempt, so I even looked at it in three parts on several occasions. In the end, I realized that it might be so better because it forced me to stop thinking in the usual terms of the action and to enjoy the scenes one by one. The first part seems much more fragmented, which is not a bad thing, but only more effort is needed to follow. When it comes to the desert scenes, all efforts are fully restored. Stunning cinema is just part of it, what really makes it unforgettable is that the landscape turns into a huge presence, silence and vastness, a sense of sadness and freedom, the way it merges and contrasts with two young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it feels less remote and strange than the urban scene in the first part. The dance between a flying airliner and a girl makes a series of great recordings. Love scenes in the desert are simply beautiful, it's hard to imagine this kind of approach from the film of our time. Of course, there is something very modern and studied about them, but at the same time they are able to express the feeling of natural, spontaneous innocence that is very rare these days. Everything feels loose and unspecified (thanks to the underestimation of the acting), but this is a result of maniacal attention to detail and form, which comes to a climax in a series of explosions at the end, a truly fascinating spectacle. It just leaves you in awe. I do not really care about some common complaints: boring - well, yes, it is, if you want all the films to follow the classic development of the plot and be full of action shifts, but then if everything was such a movie, it would be truly boring and sad; Pretentious - maybe, but when this kind of ambition is related to real skills, depth and style, it is a pretentious compliment. "Political" critiques for me have the least meaning, I do not see the sense of accessing a movie like this with ideological blind or poorer, patriotic demands. It just denies the purpose. Perhaps it is true that, as noted by the previous commentator, Antonioni watched these young hippies and the politics of protest and riots with the police, with the fascination of the stranger, but I think it adds something instead of taking the film. It is not true that at that time there were no hippies in Italy (think of the '68 protests, as in France), although they were obviously different from the US and in some ways more militant. But his interest in this film was not very political. Events look more like an excuse for a film whose appeal has a universal, timeless quality. Special remembrance for the fantastic soundtrack. Among other things, this film, along with Easi Rider, is probably one of the earliest predecessors of contemporary 'artistic' music videos, as well as the concept of movie music that would stand alone, but unlike the previous one, uses music in a much more subtle way, is with landscape instead of action. If you want a traditional narrative in the film, do not be tormented. If you want to be stunned, be patient and you will not regret it.
