I saw the ZP when it was first released and found a great disappointment. His script seemed compulsive and cunning and fraudulent for the sixties. This is a politics that is overly funny. And face it, I was still under the love spell known as BLOWUP: and I have not yet completely shaken it. Now, "love" is distorted with all kinds of nostalgia that evokes and, oh well. . . Good luck for me! But, the weather is marching and the time is kind to the ZP and the time is for me a teacher. I return to this film every ten years and it gets better and better with age. And the ZP is his "experience" and is only really connected with BLOVUP through its creator, the late, great gentleman. Antonionia. Twelve years ago, I was lucky to see absolutely intact printing, designed in its correct size (huge), restored by the Italian government agency for culture that knows a good artwork when it is seen and knows that It is important to keep such a thing of beauty in good shape. To this day, I remember the public's exhale when the first shot of Death Valley appeared. It was like a visual shock of 1000 volts that Antonioni deliberately delivered to awaken us to a new level of consciousness. And indeed what follows from this point is a completely different type of "place". What is amazing for me is how this film comes into its own. I recall the second time I saw it - in the early 80's - I began to feel affection for the film as a whole and towards Daria and Mark in particular. While, before these two seemed like a smart-silent version of the shadows of Zefferelli's Olivia and Leonard (read: Romeo and Juliet), they hired me now-especially the girl in her persistent slo-motion-allies. She took the time. . . To live. Everything, everything dies around it. After an exciting theater, the daylight of reality quickly began to erase my newly found "enjoyment". Tears, big hair of the 80s whispered "But it's a hippie fantasy - let it go" The Antonion's vision was, I realized, I was already working on myself for the first time around so I answered "80 "with" Uh-Huh "and kept his" love "secretly, possessive and jealous. But this is then what good art lives in you, and, if you like, has its own way and "loves" you: secretly, jealous, and possessive. And you have "changed". It was exciting to see that Turner Classic Movies decided to show the ZP in March. Undoubtedly, the ZP has to be seen on a huge screen so it can really take you to the built environment. But, hey, sometimes even a look at a beloved person in a news photo is no better than no glance. Today is the hit of reality, ZP withdrawn mysteriously and replaced by meaningless nonsense ALICE'S RESTAURANT So, it is still too "difficult", too "disturbing", too "what "? Perhaps this, as with all good arts, lives while everything dies around it. Mir.
