When this movie was filmed, the hippie became mainstream. Contra-culture ideas were well established, which made it possible to make such a big movie. Still, there's something to say, and that's really nice. In addition to those who are just waiting for vanking material, this film receives credit for its beautiful scenes (which in itself is more than sufficient reason to watch a movie). The soundtrack for this film, which has actually become more popular than the film itself, is another plus. Pink Floyd's "Attention to Eugene's Ax" is really well suited to explosions, the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a pleasantly quiet mood. But. It seems that the messages from this movie are overlooked. If you did not understand it, which seems to be the case mostly, I will give you some clues: A man (a hard guy, what is his name - Mark?) Is part of a "group of reality." Leaves this group to say something like, "I'm willing to die, but not from boredom." Later he went on a rafting with a stolen plane, probably looking for some action. While in the air, Grateful Dead's Dark Star (from the Live / Dead album) plays (I think). This song contains the phrase "Do we and you as we can?", But this is still not heard in the movie. (Daria), who drives in his car at a conference (giving typical suburban families the opportunity to live in a super-relaxing place in the desert, where everything is so simple and beautiful.) For diving down, almost hitting the car. He lowered the plane and joined the girl on her way to Detroit. They stop at the place of Zabriskie, where they enjoy themselves as living beings and nature. Later, a family with a big car (the type you sleep in) and a speedboat shown in Zabriskie Point, and the father said something like "what kind of waste drives everything here," and the kid sitting in the car, grinning. I felt that "this was not much better than on television". Daria Marka returns to the plane that is now painted in a psychedelic style, with the number of identities changed to "without war" on the one hand and "without words" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on a plane. Mark returns the plane where he stole it, telling Daria before he leaves "I do not risk anything" or something, one of a few indications that he does not care too much about his fate. (This is because he has the feeling that his environment does not give him anything - I wonder what is happening in the real world.) The police are intercepting him at the airport, even though he only returned the plane. . Daria is hearing it on the radio, but she decides to go to a conference in a luxurious villa. Here he feels strange after the adventure with his just killed friend. She enjoys the sweet water flowing down the rock, more than the pool. Within the house, the viewer again received a hint of anti-materialism - she looks through the glass wall, holding her hands on the glass as if she was captured. For business people it is seen that they are arguing, one party wants to do a great deal, and others are afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house looking at her, visualizing how she rises. After the house, a few other things explode, for example, television. She laughs, happy to have destroyed what she saw as something negative after meeting with Mark. To summarize: Mark obviously perceives a "reality group" as not very useful because they just sit and talk, does nothing. Obviously there are bad feelings about things that are as they are, and it seems as though he feels that he can not fight it. He wants to go. He helps Darius, who is "in mind, but not in action," to see his viewpoint. Where it turns out that his sense of incompetence led to his death, one can hope that Daria uses ideas in a more constructive way. In the film, you see how the city (LA) is polluted by commercial advertisements (it is a shame that you have to show the advertisement to emphasize the point), you see business people who decide on the future, and so on, and you see that people are dissatisfied with these and other situations that are parts of the modern world. The film I saw only once, so I did not catch all the points, but I certainly have the feeling of what this movie has to say, and to me it's strange that this movie can be called absurd. If you say that these phenomena are too obvious, I see why, this film was probably aimed at appealing to radicals who post-hippie "dig" thoughts of anti-establishment. Though there is so much to say, and his message is still needed today, things are largely evolving in the same direction as before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a really great movie that tells the story of completely normal young people (not far from hippies that stumble around your fingers, digging everything) looking for what they perceive as real, dissatisfied with the conventional ones. And this is done in a really wonderful way.
