I'm told that this is one of those "either you love him or hate him" movies. Well, I liked it. The obvious hippy-age, dated and simple symbolism and all that. So, I probably do not have any taste for Antonioni, but this and La Notte (made just over a decade ago) are my favorites among his films so far. Made two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point was supposed to be Michelangelo's great American epic. But it seems that it turned out to be a flop. I really do not see why. Before I watched it, I read that it was pretty boring, so I prepared for a very slow film - although it liked me slow film. For my taste, Zabriskie did not have a hard time in it. As I watched it, I thought that at the European level, the director was to frequently use billboards in almost every urban scene, huge billboards that saw any human form. This repetitive visual element obviously exists to emphasize the way in which consumerism demolishes an individual in American society. But then I looked at L'Eclisse immediately after that, which was set up in Rome in the early 60's, and noticed that Antonioni often included billboards. After all, masterly use of landscapes, architecture and non-living objects in every frame with or without human beings is the trademark of Antonioni? it is exactly the way he evokes the psychological state of his characters, with more or less underestimated strength and great visual impact. He is virtually uneasy in this skill. Zabriskie Point played two very attractive names that were supposed to become big stars of the seventies, but they never did. Mark Frechette, whom I already saw in the fine movie Uomini Contro by Francesco Rosi, had a very tragic life and died at the age of only 27 years. Mark's star Daria Halprin, apparently also Dennis Hopper's wife later, has the incredible, natural beauty and attractiveness of the young Ornelle Muti? one of those brilliant beauty that does not need a piece of makeup for turning the head. Like Frechette, she just adorned several obscure movies and never became a star, but at least she did not die tragically. Most importantly, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original scenes of sex ever recorded - one that brings home a sense of youthful playfulness as little as I've seen - as well as a powerful cathartic ending. It's perhaps the most common set ever recorded about his symbolism, but I can not see how one can deny his beauty and a wonderful feeling of emotional liberation. The explosion never looked so good and so poetic. It seems to be an explosion that restores order, and it does not bring chaos.
