There are not too many times when I see a movie and I go, "ah, what?", But this was one of them. Maybe after seeing Zabriskie Point I felt the same way Voody Allen felt after seeing 2001. - he liked the film only after seeing him three times over a period of two years, realizing that the director in front of him in what is happening. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his several attempts to film movies within the United States (after Red Desert, worked on Blov-Up, this film, China, and The Passenger, all the shootings outside his native Italy), I could almost feel it to learn about the country's roads through its own mastery of the media. The results show that he does not lack the means to present the images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds, and visual representation of that era. "The director's job is to see," Antonioni said once. Whatever it means, he does not disappoint the fan of his work after the fifties (I say post-fifties since I've seen some of his films before L'Avventure). What he misses is a point, at least as much as he could bring to Blov-Up and Eclipse. You get the feeling of what is around these characters, which topics bring to your consciousness, but in this case, characters and actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, who comes from a school of hard-line, neo-realistic films, does what he can with his largely unprofessional acting team (those who resemble the most real actors are subordinated to the roles of corporate characters), but two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin look like they Antonioni does not lead. Maybe it was the point. The story is divided into three acts, fortunately not too confusing, because Mark avoids his existence around the scruffy, dangerous life in the campus that is happening in LA at the end of the sixties, and Daria is sent from LA to drive to Phoenix at a business meeting. They happen accidentally like Mark's plane (how does he know how to drive, maybe a little background information?) And Daria's car meets, and spend some time together in an existential row of groves in the desert. Except stylistically enchanting, if bizarre sex scene, much is not terribly interesting. The two traces are fair enough to look at, but what exactly attracts them to each other outside of curiosity? The ideas that appear (in part from the scripts written by Sam Shepard) are not too exposed, except for a brief moment in which drugs against reality appear. Then the film moves towards the third act, because Mark decides to do the right thing, in disastrous circumstances, and Daria arrives to his boss, only to be in complete disappointment (not taking into account the infamous last five minutes of the Film). Although the film took time to tell your story, I did not have so many problems with doing it so that the story involves only a certain kind of viewer. I understand and sympathize with feelings, suspicions and fears, as well as with the confidence of "anti-establishment", but maybe Antonioni is not fully aware of it. In some scenes, he, as a director and editor (and often amazing cinema by Alfia Contini), thinks that landscapes and backgrounds are much more enlightening and fixing than people in the foreground. Not to say that the technical side of Zabriskie Point does not include to some extent (this can make some feel drowsy, because Antonioni is probably much larger than a documentary director because the theater director, such as Francis Ford Coppola). Desserts, the sky, the city, and even faces in close-up, are shot by the eye of the director in love with the art of getting things in the frame, bringing us inside. equally striking, with the main move including the sweet song Rolling Stones at one point, and then the nasty, surreal song Pink Floyd (again called "Careful v. the Ake Eugene, one of their best pre-Dark Side) in the explosion series. If only the performances were not so unilateral, it might be that it was paired with Blov-Up or The Eclipse. It is an unconventional genius move on the one hand, and on the other hand a boring approach to what was the hippie / radical movement of the late 60's. But hey, what could be boring for an American like I was born in the 1980s might not be outside of the United States, like, say, Italy. And he asks not to be dismissed immediately after a review.
