I know this is an unpopular position with Zabriskie Point, but I loved this movie. I know, I know - I can legitimately call Antonioni's fanotics. I like L'Avventuru, I like La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I like Red Desert, I love Blovap, and I like Profession: Reporter (aka The Passenger). The only Antonion film I do not like, the only one I gave less than 8/10 (and one of only three that I gave less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse are the other two, although I fully acknowledge that I have to see them again So, if you're not a fan of Antonioni, you should logically ignore me. If you're even a regular fan, and you're wondering if you're a fan of Antonioni, you're a fan of Antonioni. is this film, whose name, when spoken, is often accompanied by a spit, which is generally ignored by even Antonioni's h fans are in any case worth seeing, the answer is YES. OK, the reason people like to hate it is because 99% of movie viewers are concerned only with movie narration. Well, that's not true If the film is stunning in a certain aspect, say acting or cinema or direction, and only decent in its narrative, movie viewers could love it very much. But a movie can be the most incredible visual masterpiece and have a chromium or illogical story - that's more one thing that destroyed cinema over the years: logic - then absolutely hate ilm. I will agree in some ways with that. As much as I do not like it and I want to change my vision, it's really hard to love a movie whose narrative I feel as poor. However, other people tend to be annoyed by a loose narration. This is definitely what must take viewers from Zabriskie Point. I could tell you a story, but you would probably think it's ridiculous. It is, in fact, but, for me, it has just made the whole venture more fantastic and prettier. In fact I would compare it to 2001, which is my favorite movie. However, in 2001, it is perfectly coherent in relation to the wandering story of this film. What Zabriskie Point has in peak is the mood. Music helps a lot; The result includes many acts of the day, including Pink Floid. The mood is similar to the mood of Antonioni's other masterpieces, filled with solitude and devastation. And the freedom that comes from it. The best order in the film is when the leading man and woman (her name is Daria, I know, but I do not remember his name) climbed in his vehicle next to the historic marker on the Desert Highway. There, behind the stone wall that was erected for cars to fly away, the ancient lake. It is basically a rocky desert, and the two of them play in it. The setting is extremely beautiful. The woman says, "This is such a wonderful place. What do you think?" Man: "I think he's dead." There is no tendency to be a good or a bad thing. This is much like the feelings expressed in other Antonioni's films - characters constantly want to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of Putnik, who was fed up with journalism, the young hippies hurt from the policies of their friends - he thinks they too talk and do not do what they think is right, or at least he says. It seems more like he just wanted to get out of the situation. The film is also simply incredibly visually. Antonioni's films are recognizable only for several frames, but his visual style has always been built. I love The Passenger more than I Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point can be his ultimate success in this aspect. Well, that may sound weird - L'Aventura and Red Desert are incredibly picturesque. I think camera movements are particularly amazing here. Obviously he earned a lot of money on Blovap, which was the greatest arthouse hit that day, the biggest ever at that moment. He spends it well here, especially with airs. One of the biggest film sequences involves a man who stole a male private jet, plunged into the bombing of Daria in his car. The only thing that can be quite criticized is film politics. They must be easy. Not that the hippies were light, but that Antonio's vision of a hippie-of course, was not in Italy-bizarre and well filtered through the eyes of an alien. There is a fairly childish criticism of advertising, but this is a criticism that exists today. I say, can not you just ignore people? What hurts? Are you walking around buying things you do not want for billboards? Or there is criticism against capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for the company that steals a land in the desert - the country she and a man enjoyed - to make cheap, suburban homes for families. Rod Tailor, a very underrated actor whose best-known role in The Time Machine and The Birds, plays his boss. The end, which I will not destroy - you must see it - is almost offensive inexpensive. I can, however, understand the treatment of policemen. It's not that I generally despise them, but at that time they were terrible. They can still be horrible. They always had too much power. These banal arguments against the American way of life still do not affect my opinion on the film. I think this filtered view of America is extremely interesting. I really do not think Hippie would agree with Antonioni. 10/10.
