About two hundred members of the Cleveland Film Society, USA, in the United States, called Cinemathekue, gathered on August 19, 2000 to look at the intricate cinematic printing of the film "Zabriskie Point" by Michelangelo Antonioni of 1970. Cinematheque director John Eving, who performs a superlative job of getting the best prints for his series, shared with the audience in advance that this print came in particular from Italy for this display only. The audience was held amazed while the film uncovered its artwork on a huge panoramic screen. Watching this top-of-the-line press, shown in the way Antonioni intended, made this a truly modern artistic work. It was much more convenient for the series to be in the Cleveland Insititue of Art in the University Circle. Antonioni's compositions were created for the Cinemascope landscape. His beautiful balancing of paintings, the striking use of colors, the sweeping of choreographic movements, is all the work of a true artist, who uses the screen as his canvas. Finally the audience could understand "Zabriskie Point". As his story unfolded, it became apparent that this paper did not deal with a story per se, but an impressionistic view of the short-term images of his subject. Setting up some turbulent activities in the sixties is just a dramatic engine for the artist's wide collage. The antennas are not bound by conventional narrative standards and can be stopped at any time to creatively bind an event with grandiose decoration. The audience went voluntarily with the flow of his extraordinary imagination, because his huge pictures on the massive canvas were keeping their eye on. Although the audience may have been only tangentially involved in character relations, she realized that the topic here is human aleination, a directing recurring theme. It has also been understood that no print smaller or lower quality than this original in Cinemascope can not justify this particular display. The audience therefore increasingly appreciated watching "Zabriskie Point" in its original, astonishing format, and in the end, it was thundering applause.
