If Saura did not do anything similar earlier, Iberia would be a milestone. He still deserves to be included in the honor of the great director and great film conservator of Spanish culture, but he did much earlier, and although we can applaud the wealth he has given us, we must choose and choose his favorite and high. Among the similar films include Blood Vedding (1981 ), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salome (2002) and Tango (1998). I would choose Saurin Flamenco from 1995 as his most unique and powerful cultural document, in addition to which Iberia faded. Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albeniz's music (1860-1909) and especially his "Iberia" piano apartment. Isaac Albeniz was a great contributor to the outsourcing of Spanish music culture - its transformation for non-Spanish audiences. He moved to France in the early thirties and was influenced by French composers. His "Iberia" apartment is a fantastic synthesis of Spanish folk music with the styles of Liszt, Ducas and d'India. He traveled with his compositions, which are a kind of standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not so homogenized as Ravel Bolero, but moving in that direction. Of course, the Spaniards returned to Albeniz, and in Iberia the performers reinterpret its compositions in terms of different, more ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is a truncated and diluted form of Spanish music and dance culture compared to the echt Spanish language of pure flamenco. Flamenko, who leaves the Andalusia region, is deeply felt by the amalgam of guitars, Hispano-Arab and Jewish culture. Iberia is simply a peninsula consisting of Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; The concept itself is diluted. Saurin Flamenco is an unstoppably intense ethnic mix of music, singing, dancing and that parous way of noble cleansing, which is the essence of the Spanish style, as a man and woman are proudly wearing. at the border of arrogance and elegance and panache - even bullfights and torque movements are full of it - in a series of electrical sequences without introduction or conclusion; they are just. Saura has always emphasized the stagnation of his collaboration with choreographer Antoni Gades and other artists. In his Flamenco in 1995, he discarded every story, and he simply had singers, musicians and dancers moving and going to a big sound stage with nice lighting and screens, apartments and mirrors taken by cameraman Vittorio Storaro, another important Spanish director. associates. The beginnings and endings of sequences in flamenco are often rough, but atmospheric, marked only by dulling and sagging steps and a mixture of voices. Sometimes the movie continues to be fed when the show is over, and you see the dancer bending, sighing, or laughing; or someone just unexpectedly says something. In Flamenco more than any other Saurin's second music film, it's an enthusiastic, intense interaction of singers and dancers and the rhythmic clapping of spectators who shout impulsive olives, which is a "story" and creates magic. Because Saura really made magic, and perhaps the best when she dropped out any conventional story. Iberia is similar in style to some of the purest Saurine music films: there is no narration, there is no dialogue, there are only short titles that indicate the type of song or region, starting with a pianist playing Albeniz's music and gradually crossing into a string dance sequences and little singing. In flamenco music, the fundamental element is an unqualified voice, and that voice is the most unwieldy and unique contribution to world music. It refers to other songs in other ethnic communities, but nothing is exactly the same as its raw, unique, ugly-beautiful cry that provokes you to do anything but listen with the utmost care. Then there comes clapping and stepping, and then dance, in combination with other elements. There is only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you love Saurin Flamenco, you want to see Iberia, but you will be a little disappointed. The style is here; some great voices and dance and music are here. However, the source and conception of Iberia condemned him to a lesser extent and made him less rich and intense cultural experience.
