Students often ask me why I chose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text is very short and the film contains material that earned a "R" grade. I have several reasons to use this production: Firstly, I have not seen a display of the Moor that actually made compassionate with Othell until I saw Fishburne playing. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer playing Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was wonderful. Plummer's energy was particularly noticeable. But, despite Jone's incredible presence both physically and loudly, the character he played seemed too passive to be completely unaffected by the complete emotional accusation in aristotelian sense. In fact, Jones confirmed what I felt when he mentioned in an interview that he was playing Othello as a passive - looking at Iago as he basically does. Unfortunately, this has exhausted my sadness for the destruction of character. So I felt sympathy for Jone's Moore, but not the horror of his spoiling by the evil of man. On the contrary, Othello Fishburne is a strong and powerful figure who is familiar with the action. Accordingly, Iago's temptation to actively deal with what Otel was portrayed as the unbelief of his wife is the perverted positive quality of the general to be active, not passive. Fishburne's display is therefore classically tragic. Second, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in the movie. Both Orsen Vells and Anthony Hopkins made fine movie versions, but they were white people in black.2 Why is that important? Why would the Black Actor be Black on the stage? 3 In Shakespeare Day they used a black face just like boys used to make girls. Maybe then the reason is the same. Female actors bring a special quality to female roles on Shakespeare's stage because they best understand what Shakespeare's genius has tried to present. A talented black actor should play the bar because his experience in the culture of domination is vital to understanding what Shakespeare's genius has recognized: the pain of marginalization due to race. An important topic in Othello is isolation caused by racism. While it is wrong to throw American racism into the Shakespearean show, there is no doubt that racism is still working among the characters. Many, including Desdimon's father, believe that the connection between the Venetian white Christian and the black Christian of North Africa UNNATURAL. Third, Shakespeare has never been rated. He was never. His stage productions were always marked by violence and strong language. But Shakespeare's genius uses these elements not as sensationalism, but to artistic sincerity.
