I'm a little confused about this. The show is terrible on the one hand, the acting is terrible (even when we get the real names of actors like Brad Pitt and Bill Moselei in one episode), the dialogue is moronic and the premise / morale of each episode feels like something that rises from 50s education short. There is no way that you will be scared for any of these episodes for a moment, and Robert Englund's comedy is short, meaningless, and starred in Bob Sageta's most entertaining American video. On the other hand, this is one of the funniest things on television. The fashion of the 80's, the soft focus makes the actors look like theirs on the The Viev set at any time, the rooms give the material more for self-parody than fears, so there remains an episode in which a high school student fears that if he fails, his girlfriend will leave him and his parents give up, others are afraid that they will be imprisoned because the mom is younger (her husband is Brad Pit), others are afraid that all parents in the world are in alliance with him when he escapes from home , others are afraid to be confused with their socially retarded twin, others are he fears if he does not break his mom and his eyewitness he will get killed for the fun at his house. The list goes on and on. Since these are dreams, I suppose you could look next to absurd dots and devices, but they are so far from the left that there is no possibility for writers to actually scare the audience. You have characters dressed like something from a nightmare of Thematic 80 that walks by delivering poor dialogue in a very Hamm's fashion and making illogical decisions that do not serve any other purpose except that the story moves to the next weird point of plotting (usually looking like a peripheral character something that is unusual for a healthy man, while our main hero looks terribly and is too shocked to do anything about it. If you are looking for something that will scare you, stay away. If you look, on the other hand, that one Of the most fun things, he goes out 80's. Watch this. Recently it's being shown on TV Chiller (almost every day), and I've been watching, earlier for morbid curiosity, and now only to be able to make a good laugh Every day. With Arrested Development and Ektras, this is officially the most fun thing on television.
