I still have grainy, late at night, no cables, cheap VHS version of this show from your vaahi, when, late-commercials and everything, if I stayed up to some strange hour to squeeze this show - just so I could take a picture. The series was not exactly Freddy Kreuger - only the first couple of episodes actually included anything other than the speaker Rod Serling. Instead, every episode was a striking nightmare, using traditional terrible themes of terrible childhood, dating, cannibalism, dating, money, death, leaving, and ... hmm ... dating. the episode in which a teenager accidentally says "I love you forever" to the wrong girl, and stuck with it (literally, at least for a moment, they grow together ...), where the young stewardess goes home with a strange man just to find himself in his cabin, where he has a trophy room full of other stewardesses, and one I only vaguely remember, compared to the dates of the blind for hockey (and the injuries and penalties that accompany it) - the date was definitely the most terrible thing in the series. One episode had Jeffrey Combs (Re-Animator, etc.) as a motivated pizza dealer with a delicious new secret ingredient. It's not genuine, but it's creepy and funny .... Still, some episodes were great. My personal favorite was "It's a Miserable Life" where a young man was captured working in his parents' hamburgers when he wants to go to college. A stuck conversation with him and a puppet show with old cheeseburgers - until late in the evening when a strange guy passes through the passage and his life is not the same at once. No, not Freddie, just a bandit pistol - it turned out that the whole episode is full of spirit just that - the last thoughts that go through the head of a boy ... along with a bullet. The other half of the same episode (many episodes of Freddie's nightmare were in essence two short stories) followed his girlfriend, who was also wounded but not killed in the car, and which was taken to the "hell hospital" - kill all the most terrifying cliches from the nightmares in the hospital, and then some - from accidentally closing your mouth - or awakening during surgery - that your dead boy tries to drag you into a morgue for a little pampering. Repeat, it was my favorite. Some of the episodes were much dumb, as was ALL OF THESE AVAILABLE ON VIDEO. They put handcuffs as representatives of the series, and then nobody likes them, thinks the show is stinky, and then they no longer put on the video. This poor life is available only on the PAL DVD in England - but I will still buy it.
