The "home room" like "Zero Dai" and "Elephant", is inspired by the recent wave of school shootings. But, unlike the other two films, the "Home Room" focuses on two survivors (not gunmen or those who were killed) after the shooting. Make it less useful and useful, as little effort is being spent on asking questions that have no answer. Do not give up on this little movie during the first 20 minutes, it should be set up by a true story, but it is played as a discarded episode of "Hill Street Blues". He is chrome, but he wears it, at least enough length is to classify the film as a feature. I recommend that you skip this completely and just jump to the hospital scene - there's nothing here that you can not pick up from the rest of the movie. As well as many good small films this was a creative solo exhibition like Paul F. Ryan was a writer and director. Although this arrangement does not guarantee a good movie, it is usually a good sign, because it will mean a certain unity of construction and performance that are often lacking in large budgetary dramatic characteristics. Since the "Home Room" script is his true strength, it is fortunate that the writer also performed the production and ensured that his vision was on the screen. Rian has a great chance with ending testing the limits of tolerance sentimentality of the average viewer. He leads him all the way to the edge, but against every logic you remain to cry instead of torturing. Why the final works are some combination of the audience's need for a prize at the end of this kind of travel, the song ("Sarah McLaughlin" Sarah McLaughlin) that comes out, and the amazing editing of the last minute. The second power of the movie is the casting of Busi Phillips (Alicia) and Erika Christensen (Deanna) as the main protagonists. Although Phillips plays his standard alienated teenage teenager and Christensen his intelligent daughter of a good family, they both bring more intensity of the role than ever before. The family life of both girls is more than satisfying and a little interesting for Ryan. What is happening here is all about them, despite the drooping story about a police detective who is plying around the city trying to tie Alicia to a lone shooter. If they ever reappear and sketch a movie, the story about that page should be thickened. The story of two very different girls who interact and help one another is hardly a new idea, and Rian could easily manage the film in clichés and predictability. But instead, his script hired them in a fascinating and persuasive sparring match, slowly separating each other and acting moments of vulnerability, just to retreat back into oneself. Dean's line "I'm Dying Inside" and just breaking up - I can not imagine a moment in any other movie that I felt so intensely as that. She desperately needs a connection that Alicia is also desperate to resist. Deanna only makes progress when she pulls out. The viewer still expects a group embrace that never happens. In the end, this not only creates a lot of uncertainty, but leaves you to admire both the characters and the two actresses who have brought them to life. Then, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
