I first encountered "We Tutor Friend" for one or two years while I was surfing the TV. Before that, I never watched Korean movies before, so MTF was the first Korean film I ever watched. And - what a wonderful surprise! From the beginning to the end, I was completely entertained, and I had great fun. The comic style is quite different from those in Hong Kong comics (which I used to get used to all my life, and I got tired of it), breathing fresh air into my boring experience of watching movies. I thought there were plenty of scenes and tricks in the MTF that are pretty hilarious, witty and original. I watched the MTF the other time a few days ago, and I watched it once, the surprise / comic effect on me was relaxed. This, however, did not in any way negatively impact my opinion on the film. Instead, something else went through this time - a story about how two young, seemingly "enemies", who are completely incompatible, throw together, and how they gradually resolve their differences and begin to take care of one another not understanding my feelings remind me of long ago high school days. For me, Su Van and Ji Hoon are really compatible because they both have something that is pure and true in them, the quality that separates them from people such as, for example, the young girl Ji Hoona. The film is divided into two different parts - the first part deals with the 'fight' between Su Van and Ji Hoon, and is more violent and quicker. After Ji Hoon gets a pass in her final exam and Su Van dances (in the opinion of Ji Hoona) provocative dance, things are starting to change. The pace slows down and ... Ji Hoon suddenly realizes he is worried about Su Vanu more than he could have imagined. The second part deals with the development of their mutual feelings, leading, of course, to a happy ending with the last bargain with the boss of the gang. Just one last comment. I think that's a little incredible - the fact that a 21-year-old self-proclaimed 'bad boy' would feel confused that he was almost naked in front of a girl he harassed and lost his 'cool' is only a bit. odd. I guess this shows that Ji Hoon is just a boy clean in his heart and that's not what he looks like. Btv, Kvong San Voo (Ji Hoon) I have a sexy body and perfect figure! ;-) MTF is definitely on my list of 10 favorite movies of all time.
