What a wonderful, imaginative movie "Stardust" is. I could easily finish with this one statement and enough to say, it could be seen as a very strong recommendation to see. At the moment when Hollivood seems distorted to forcing the remake and sequels in our throats, "Stardust" forces us to remember why we are going to the cinema at all - to escape from reality in a few hours and explore other lives, the second time , or other planets. Ironically, "Stardust" takes us to all three places effortlessly and with the childish glow we all like. "Stardust" is full of all the characters we remember as children: princes, witches, pirates, ghosts and strings. She has troubles, heroes, rogues, obstacles, spells, antics, charms, and even a touch of light to make it quasi-modern. "Stardust" is about a man from the city of Vall, which is conveniently located next to the wall that separates their city from the magical kingdom. The only way to the wall is through the buttocks diligently guarded by the old coder (which was beautifully played by David Kelly). One day, a young man from the Wall, named Ben Barnes, leaves the old guard and runs through his butt. It happens on a vicious kingdom called Stormhold, where he meets a lone (and very sexy) young lady named Una. She is trapped by a witch and bound with an impenetrable chain. While the witch is absent, Una seduces Ben and sends him her own way. Ben returns to Vall without incidents and continues his life. But nine months later, he was called to the wall of the fort where the old guard handed him what you expect - a boy. The boy named Tristan grows up in a pretty unfortunate young man (Charlie). Chok) who hit a girl from his league and got a second man. However, the young lady (named Victoria and played by Sienna Miller) comes out once with Tristain and he acknowledges his love for her. After cracking the star in a fall, she tells him that she can take her if she pulls the star and returns to her. He agrees and moves on his quest, which will take him to the other side of the wall. Meanwhile, in the Stormholde Kingdom, the old king (who perfectly plays Peter O'Toole) dies. . He calls his remaining living sons to tell them who will inherit it on the throne. The names of his sons are Primus, Secondus, Sectus and Septimus. The other sons, who killed other brothers in a humorous competition to see who lives to come to the throne. In any case, he casts his charm on the sky and Voila, what brings the star to the Land of the Star is being demolished in the form of a beautiful woman named Ivaine (Clare Today) and she, of course, carries this charm. But she knows little that now she is convinced by Tristain, Princess, and an old witch named Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer) who wants to carve the heart of the stars to regain her youth. Complicated? Yes. But all this comes together as the adventure unfolds. Tristain was the first to find Ivaine, but is so shy with his loyalty to Victoria not to recognize the growing relationship between him and Ivaine. His initial interest lies only in restoring Ivain Victoria as evidence of his love. But first he must pass by the princes and Lamia. The princes are not as big problems as they are constantly trying to kill each other - and like in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" - never was death so funny. But Tristain also encounters a witch who enslaved his mother (although he does not know his mother) and the band of flying pirates led by Robert De Niro. His is the most important character in the film and DeNiro is playing it in the game. He steals the film with his toughness and we will soon learn a secret secret that will leave the audience on the floor with laughter. Although his role is small in length, DeNiro is remarkable! Michelle Pfeiffer is beautiful as Lamia - sexy evil witches. Claire Today is best suited as confused and upset Ivaine. She makes a perfect girlfriend. Jason Fleming, Adam Buston, Rupert Everett and Mark Strong add the perfect amount of curiosity as fighting princes who, such as the spirits of ale "Blithe Spirit" and "High Spirits". director Matthev Vaughn, whose only directing experience was "Laier Cake", will interwow an enchanting story that everyone will enjoy. "Stardust" may be too complex for young children, but anyone older than 13 will want to see this movie more than once. That's so good. "Stardust" is what movies should be. Perfectly written, perfectly thrown, perfectly directed and perfectly acted. In other words ... perfect.
