I was fortunate to catch this movie on Turner Classic movies tonight, because this is one of the films that won the Oscar (for special effects) in their monthly film that won the Oscars. BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is simply a sequel to MARI POPPINS's previous success. And this film was a great success and Oscar winner (best actress for Julie Andrevs). Like MARI POPPINS BEDKNOBS, David Tomlinson is in him as a parenting teacher. It's a fine blend of live action and animation. It was set up in the past period of British history (if not the Edwardian-Georgian world from 1912 in London, it's the coast of England during the "Dunkerque" in 1940. It has even old Reginald Owen, here as a general in the home guard , while formerly an admiral boom at MARI POPPINS. Ironically it was Owen's last role. Home Guard Sequences (not too much in the movie) are reminiscent of the British series DAD'S ARMI, dealing with problems of the local guard in the early years of war. This period is also well illustrated by the appearance of three children avlins as war orphans from bombing in Blitz in London. And (in typical Disney style) in the musical number "Portobello Road" various members of the British army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (together with metal drums still!)) Appear with Scottish and local female costumes in costumes, all of which is surprisingly a plus. But the biggest plus is for Angel Lansbury, her performance as Eglantine Price is finally: her only real musical film. In a remarkable acting career, Lansburi never got a real career role she earned as aunt Mama in the musical MAME that came out shortly after BEDKNOBS. She was in singing parts (in GASLIGHT with her short text in BALON DOGS, and in PICTURES DORIAN GREI with LITTLE IELLOV BIRD, and - best of all - in support and conclusion of HARVEI GIRLS with the final reprise AT ATHISON, TOPEKA I SANTA FE). But this is where female leadership plays. When you hear singing with David Tomlinson, you may be able to understand what we lost when Mama Dennis Burnside did not play. The rest of the actors are pretty good, Tomlinson here teaches that it can take a chance after a lifetime relative failure. Three children (Cindi O'Callaghan, Roi Snart and Ian Veighill) actually show more interesting sides in their characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (especially Veighill, as something opportunist thinking about blackmailing Lansburi after he discovered that she witch). The only surprising loss (perhaps due to the cutting of the scene) is Roddy McDowall as a local vicar who is only in two sequences of the film. His likely role in the disapproval of the enemy of sorcery should have a greater part. It should also be noted that John Ericson, as a German officer in charge of the rally at the end of the film, only to discover that he faces something more powerful than he ever imagined in a British village, and Sam Jaffe as a competitor for the magic of the formula Lansburi and Tomlinson demand . As for animation, two sequences under the sea in the lagoon, and the wildest football game ever made, are worth a look, and Tomlinson entered as the final referee, and he became quite nice pounding in various accusations and struggles. As I said, it's quite a good example of Disney's best work.
