"Bedknobs and Broomsticks" is a magical adventure movie with a certain charm, although it is not one of the best Disney works. It has a generally good story, beautiful songs, great characters, good actors, magical and wonderful special effects, good settings and beautiful landscapes of England. It also combines good live action and animation. The animation itself, of course, is pretty good. The animation is very similar to the animated film "Robin Hood" from 1973, and the same can be said for animated characters: there are many wild animals such as bears, elephants, horses, lions, crocodiles and the like in Robin Hood. "In addition, the king (lion) seems to be a mixture of Prince John and King Richard, not to mention that the bear looks like a little John. This film is often compared to" Mari Poppins "for a reason They both combine live action and animation with similar work, both of which have similar settings in London, both have their magic and magical wives, and the children (Carrie, Charlie and the sweet little Paul) are a bit like the children of the Bank, both directed by Robert Stevenson and both played by David Tomlinson. However, instead of a very serious man like George Banks, David Tomlinson plays a cheerful and magical man - professor Emelius Brovna. With his magic, this film also has some small but significant similarities with the stories of Harry Potter. Most songs are good. "The Age of Inactivity" and "Nice Brine Sea" they are the best. "Portobello Road" is also nice. David Tomlinson is great in this movie again. Angela Lansburi is great as Miss Price, and 3 actors are also good: Cindi O'Callaghan as Carrie , Ian Veighill as Charlie (boy in "not believing") and Roi Snart as youngest brother Paul. br /> I like black cat. It's pretty cool. It looks like Salem, a black cat from the TV series "Sabrina, a teenager". I think it's sweet when one of the characters of the movie turns into a white rabbit. The rabbits are really sweet, faded and beautiful animals. I just love them! Even funnier whenever Professor Emelius Brovna is transformed into a white rabbit, because when he is transformed into a man, he shakes his nose like a rabbit. It's really hilarious, combined with his comedic figure and mustache. All in all, this is a fine movie, but its ending is pretty bad. The first minutes of the movie are nothing special, but then it's improving a lot. However, the end is weak. This is my biggest criticism of this, to a large extent because the animated thing of the knights is a little too much for me and because of the sense of war.
