If any movie movie can be called my "guilty pleasure," it would be that typical type of fantasy. The guilty, however, is the wrong word, because I am glad that I am an occasional escapist. "Stardust" is a good inventory fantasy, which should be expected from Neil Gaiman (or Gaiman's adaptation). This is not the visual material of Mirrormask, it's not the prejudice of adults in Pan's maze, and it's not a fun classic Princess Bride, but it contains exactly what a fantasy lover is familiar enough to be completely comfortable throughout the whole view. Fantasy lovers should rejoice - work with special effects has finally become good enough and cheap enough to produce this thing regularly on a regular basis. The story of Stardust involves a young man named Tristan who, in order to get the love and approval of the most beautiful girl in their small town of Vall, goes on an adventure to catch the collapsed star. However, in order to make things harder, Tristan's fallen star is actually a woman named Ivaine, and he is not the only one who seeks ... some witches have their greedy eyes on the immortality of the hearts of the stars and the brother's quarrels around the magical kingdom leads the princes of the killer in its direction. From here it's pretty predictable, but it includes some attractive elements of fantasy, some cordial comment on the nature of love, and the best part, Robert De Niro as a gai pirate. In this sense, DeNiro's performance is noticeable ... not an overly lazy one used by most actors to show gay people, but surprisingly effective from someone who was once seen as a rough and rough typed character (that is, a continuous joke surrounding his character, corresponding to DeNirova opening into alternative forms of action). De Niro was not so unique in his image from Brazil, and that's saying something. Stardust is a type of film that may stay for a long time on the shelves for children and fantasy lovers. . I can not say that it offers something new, but that's not really what it is. These are actually those who are most familiar with his tropics who will enjoy the most. --PolarisDiB
