It's great to see Roshan Seth (strictly married in 1992, Mississippi Masala), who once again assumes the role of father and head of the family, and much more, in such a long way, set up in Bombai in 1971. In addition to closely related family environments, the items include lost and found friendship; the unexpected death of a friend (somehow peacefully smiling face of friends in death in the presence of prayer was calm - so Gustad Noble, Roshan's character, similarly noticed); chain of events on a sidewalk artist - "the wall as a latrine turned into a sanctuary in temples and ashes" was both prophetic and philosophical at the same time. It is full of life lessons in various aspects of different relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and daughter; little daughter and father and mother; long-time colleagues; long-lost dear friends; even a man to a man, whose innocent stupid "fool". Despite the tone of the film, it is a vivid movie rich in substance and strength stories in textured layers with humor and uncertainty. For a non-Indian director (Sturla Gunnarsson is an Icelandic), he has made a political Indian / Pakistani film. He enters the bone of life of this Parsi presented by Roshan Seth, whose performance has such nuances, subtlety and joy. The rest of the actors are equally strong: Om Puri is a mysterious friend of a friend; Sonny Distraught permanent woman; Vrajesh Hirjee, the eldest son of the eldest; Sam Dastor, a longtime editor; Ranjit Chovdhri is a sidewalk artist; the superstitious woman from the neighborhood; unconvincing "fool" of man; and a long-time friend of chest - this is the world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson showed sensitivity in the treatment of that time period and the subject is well researched with attention to detail. Fortunately, Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombai!") Written the script. This is truly a worthwhile journey to the film for participation. In accordance with cultural research (film style on the road), Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is the Icelandic stay of a Japanese young man who went around the world in search of a specific place to pay his last respect for parents, obediently following the rituals of memory for the dead. Such shown respect and intercultural attention to family ties are the heart of warming up at this time and the whole age.
