Adapting SPIRITA Vill Eisner to the television screen was accompanied by many other offers from strip comics pages or comics. (Remember, the two are not exactly the same medium) It's also ironic that this is the only adaptation (from the time of writing) to Eisner's smart alek, wise shooting, super hero in language. The story says that Republic Pictures was interested in the film version and was in negotiations with the copyright owner in the mid-40s, but they never managed to finish the job. The left screen has become a series, MASKIRANI MARVEL, one of the best in the Republic. Perhaps it was very good, because this studio had a tendency to imagine material from comics, magnets, radio and comic books. As for this 1987, made for a TV movie, it's pretty obvious that this was a failed pilot for the proposed television series. While an old, longtime comedian, like myself, may be a little bit sharp in adaptation critiques, a viewer who does not know the character may give some new perceptions, without any prejudices about what this version of the screen should look like while sitting and watching the story unfolds, while the characters interact in the midst of a wave of crimes, Little Lady (my wife, Mrs. Ryan) has tied with one statement. "This can not be decided if it is serious or not!" This is quite well described by the DUH and its creator, Mr. Vill Eisner, a true creative genius in the comic. The film is an honest attempt to put Eisner's world on the screen. Casting Denni Colt / Spirit, Commissioner Dolan and Ellen was really good. Although in a modern environment, it was still in the tradition of "good old times," as much as costing goes, you know, when men and women still carry hats! This leads to this final (and writhing) point, and that is that the director and production made a conscious effort and managed to give the characters of Vill Eisner a look at the expression of the face and body language. We say that we thank them for their efforts. It is a pity that no series has been followed! Oh, in today's world of film films, comic adaptations look like a hot item. Perhaps some great producer and director can make SPIRIT first-class production for the big screen. We can only hope. UPDATE: Dateline, Chicago, Illinois. 6/4/2008. So far, all those who go to the movies at the Multiplex shopping malls have seen a poster advertising the new DUHA movie (subtitles, MY CITIES TOPS); which will be released on Christmas, 2008. Well, then we'll see just what we've been talking about. Just hold your fingers! CONTINUED ............. UPDATE II: A few days ago we saw a new film, director of Vertre-director Frank Miller. Well, we got our wish; but whether this is a good thing or another case "Watch what you're looking for, because you can get it?" Please read our writing elsewhere in IMDb.com. THANKS!
