Mitch Leisen is the ubiquitous musical Paramount, which was released shortly before the break of the Production Code in July 1934, is simply suggestive - some even claim to be misogyny and very entertaining. Two murders take place at the premiere of Earl Carroll's Vanities, but this does not prevent a manager (Jack Oakie) from releasing a show while investigative police detective (Victor McLaglen) is investigating. Everyone hides something, and Gypsy Rose Lee has had to see this mystery of murder in the backstage before writing "G-String Murder", because the dissolution is similar (although it is more satisfying here). Gertrude Michael, as an evil diva, stops the show (in more than one way) with his exotic number "Sveet Marijuana", and Duke Ellington ends with a shortened "Rape Of The Rhapsody". The hit song "Cocktails For Your" was created from this film. A bizarre and rude classic that is recommended! Evo Louella O. Parsons in "Los Angeles Ekammerer" on May 17, 1934. Earl Carroll manually selected a pyrite beauty on the Grauman United Artists screen in a fig leaf and not much more. But the September Morn never had a better figure than these charmers, who were invented to please the eye, especially around a tired businessman. But do not even think for a moment that the girls of Mr. Carroll, in naturelle, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MYSTERIOUS IN VANITY is a musical comedy thriller, if you know what I mean - the mystery of murder included in the music show. Everything happens at the premiere at a time when the show is in progress and is looking for a killer. Only in uncertainty, a policeman threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is new to police officers. All the while trying to find the killer, he keeps his eye on the beauty of the choir. The murder mystery is good with the exception of the plot, which is quite flat. Probably the wrong direction. Dorothy Sticknei, who plays the maid, is melodramatic as her hero in ten, twenty-thirty shows. For no good reason, she evaluates a continuous big plan on a big dramatic scene. The girls are good, and it's positively easier to get away from the inevitable shots. The costumes are beautiful; In fact, this is a musical that Paramount can experience. As far as Carl Brison is concerned - well, he would be an addition to any performance. Handsome with a wonderful singing voice and in a light, safe way, all his reporters claim to be for him. I also love Kitti Carlisle, who plays the main lady in the show. Gertrude Michael, like deep eyes, gives an interesting, though fictitious portrait. Jack Oakie, as a stage manager, is the same old wise Jack, but we would not change him. Jessie Ralph is as good as a tailor. Other actors include Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Tobi Wing and Lona Andre. The stage performance is Carey Wilson and Rufus King, directed by Mitchell Leisen. Music is Arthur Johnstone and lyrics by Sam Cosloff. In addition to SUCCESS IN WOMEN, there is also Miki Maus's cartoon, Paramount Cyprus, and two-way, NEVER NOW. top. Why would you blame the director? Was she dissatisfied with the end of the story - or the way she was put up? And what is "ten, twenty, or thirty shows"? Pay attention to the stolen footage of Busby Berkeley and his "footage above the head." As hard as it is now difficult to believe today, the public buzzed Buzz 'schtick by May 1934. the arc of proscenium, and do not do the routine of Buzz Berkeley with a set of scenes that is a big hectare. "Do not you think that Berkeley's spectacular effects justified this freedom? ML: Obviously they did it because they revived all his paintings and none of me, but I personally do not like that.
