I read many comments about the film and it's hard for people to believe that this is a continuation of Henry Fool, and although technically, I think Fai Grim should be seen as a completely different film. Just because this continuation does not mean that it must be a direct continuation of the first, and I enjoyed it so much. The whole meaning of the film was to change direction from the first, which makes sense because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, but Fai Grim. All this, the film, I thought, was so well designed and imagined that I was really surprised. I expected to rent another recently released movie for one video and I would have to withstand 2 hours of poor processing and almost hard to follow the story (better known as Parker's last Oh Ohio video), but this was so surprisingly well focused that It almost does not look like I absolutely loved it. There are so many nuances in making and writing a movie I crave for watching in movies, but never. Cinema was brilliant for its simplicity and it really made the film look "dark" - in terms of the environment. And the writing was so well compiled, whoever said that this film is not as humorous as Henry Fool needs to look again and actually listen; I can not even begin to explain how much it was really funny and relevant. And well, Parker Posei, who could complain? The scene in which Fool and Jalal talked in the dark was so enchanting and emotional. And I thought the spy through the movie was so hilarious and on the spot (looking back, because I agree that sometimes you feel lost). The main thing that struck me so strongly in the film, and I believe that the meaning of the film, was Parker's love and naivety about Crazy, which was so dear and turned, very quickly, from denial to open passion. The last five minutes of the movie was perfect. Obviously there were things that were not great, but nothing is perfect; some of the actors were poor, and sometimes I thought that something new from the new story and dialogue about terrorism was hard to follow and carry out from the hand, but in the end you got it and you did not even think that the time may have slipped out of your understanding. (This can also be associated with Goldblum's tendency to speak very quickly). In general, I would say that this was probably one of the best movies I saw this year; stylishly pleasing, clever and witty writing, performances that were so impressive that I now gained new respect for some actors, and a really touching movie, and do not forget, completely abandoning the Buddha. That was the point.
