Generally speaking, Fai Grim is a very entertaining thriller featuring two of the most daring names in American films, the unmistakably beautiful and gracefully sparked Parker Posei and the endlessly charismatic and inevitably funny Jeff Goldblum. They have many scenes in the first half of the film in which we see these two insidious presence collapsing from one another, even radiating charm when Goldblum rolled out Hartley's shameless epic info-dump. However, if Fai Grimm were deconstructed, many cases would have been seen in which countless scenes could be compressed for much more benefits than they resulted in. This type of jokes is a continuation of Hartley Hall Henry Fool, which was made ten years ago. This is the title character Posei, whom the CIA agent Goldblum forced to find the notebooks that were the precious property of her missing spouse, the protagonist's titular anti-hero. Inside, information is available that could recognize the security of the United States. Fai first makes Paris get to them, but it becomes a bona fide affair with the celebration of spy cliches consisting of everything from auto bombs to ambiguous helper to "Follow the Girl" to double crosses to triple crosses. The primary attraction of everything for me is that it is such a new approach to the continuation of a movie about gargoon and a martial writer in a small town. In the original Henri Fool, Posei played a simple woman who led a very simple life. Hartley's talents do not reach the level of many other independent beginners of the nineties, but I admire his wild creativity in making her an innocent sister Nearne, giving her an incredible situation, as he did with her brother James Urbaniak at Henry Fool -a, while she is trapped between whether she can still love her immense wife of refugees and problematic, but powerful Goldblum plans. Hartley, however, simply rides on that fragmentary idea. His complication, though a complex and maze-like, true form of a spy film, seems to be completely hilarious. The reason why I was not bored was mainly the pace that the story takes place, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of Hartley's actors is that it seems like I do not like the rest. It has nothing to do with how unclear it is when compared to the relative star power of the two masters of charm, but it seems that they do not seem to hold their own with them, although Saffron Burrows is definitely close. Most scenes that do not include Posey or Goldblum are too bright on their feet, stretching us together with info-dumps we have no choice but to listen or completely lose ourselves in the next series of scenes. They are shot almost completely in the corners, as if Hartlei compensates for this irresistible sense of material defect. But Liam Aiken, who plays the current teenage son Faia and Henry, has a certain attraction to him, seemingly wise beyond his age, certainly much wiser than any grown-up person. Perhaps Hartlei intended it, or it's just Aiken's presence. The problem with Hartley's film is that you never know what was intended and what happened there. As Scorsese said, "Cinema is the thing of what is in the frame and what is outside." We must be able to believe that what we see is the conscious decision of the author to stay in the finished movie.
