After watching this movie a few months ago, he constantly returns to my consciousness and I feel I have to buy it or at least see him again, even though I watched him at least three times when I rented him at that moment. I fell in love with Hall Hartley's direction many years ago - I discovered that these films can make me laugh at a place that is rarely entertained. It's a strange feeling, approved, and I suppose that most people do not really understand it, or it makes them confused and somewhat uncomfortable - I suppose I really understand it - as if these movies were made for me. Although I do not remember that I really laughed in this movie, it remains one of the most entertaining films I have been watching for many years. If you do not see the humor of the food bags Fai carries from the street to the church, in your brother's publisher's office, you may lack the intelligence that will be impressed with this film in the director's office of her son. The bag is in itself a quiet character, dragged around like an icon of motherhood, usually a brittle, bitch, Parker Posei, who must wear it before the international intrigue of the rest of the film takes hold. I consider that "Henri Fool" is my least favorite Hartley movie. Frankly, I do not remember very well - I think the character myself was so disgusting that I tired him. Hartley's forte seems to be female character development. Apart from Posei's brilliance, it was wonderful to see Elina Lovensohn, one of my favorite actresses, again. Her extravagant naivety is perfect for Hartley's direction. His ability to overly banal look helps to define his style as a delicious chronic irony. This film comes out in a very relevant international story, explaining the political situation in Afghanistan. This is never doubted at first. The complexity of the development of this film is incomparable. This is the content of the "standalone" extension. The less you know about Henry Fool, the more mystery he faces around him, the less you expect his appearance at the end of the movie - as a device for the complaints of alcoholic chains, throwing insults on his Islamic terrorist who somehow respects him. . It's like the discovery of Santa Claus is actually a twelve-year-old silder on the school yard. Although I was impressed and pleased with other Hartleys recent movies "Girl of the Monday" and "No such thing", "Fai Grim" far exceeds what I expected, with a sense of humor and originality that no Oscar I would not dare.
