I'm one of those people who crawled the mile through the broken glass to see Hartley's movie. From TRUST and IRIS to HENRI FOOL and (my Hartley favorite) THERE IS NOTHING, Hal's unique brand of films have acquired the taste. Adding equal parts of mystery / espionage with comedic comedy looks like his forte. Comedy is not in your face mandatory, and it often runs through the whole scene before it comes to reality. And that's the case with FAI GRIM, the continuation of Henry Fool. Parker Posei plays Fai Grim, the abandoned wife Henry Fool and mother Henry's only son Ned. Fai lives a quiet life until one day he comes home to find a CIA agent in his kitchen. His name is Fulbright (Jeff Goldblum, MAN OF YEAR) and he wants Henry's notebooks. There are many Henri Fool notebooks and everyone has previously thought they contain nothing but mad wanderings. Obviously there are many more. The secret of arms research or the road to terrorists? Who knows except Henry. Agent Fulbright tells Fai that her husband is dead, but it is quickly assumed as a shrewdness for Fai to get out of her home and look for Henry (and it works ... but not as they think). Fai is fighting against numerous spy rings to collect Henry's notebook and look for it. She also arranges with the CIA to get her brother Simon (James Urbaniak) out of jail (helped Henry escape from land in the original Henri Fool). until death, Henry is revealed in "security" by jihadist, Fai releases his brother, but unconsciously risks his son's life, and the CIA gets its money for the dangers of Faith. Hal Hartlei obviously likes to play with themes. And he does it to the utmost. Even the facial names (Grim, Fool, Fulbright, Fogg) have implicit meanings that are quite funny. Espionage films above the top are also given a lot of screen time, because guns are lit in stop-motion sequences, never hitting our heroine, although it is in the fire line. Now, when I praised this creation, I will say that Parker Posei's exaggerated portrait of Fai Grim is not the best part of the film, which is a shame considering the time on the screen. I understand that this was probably what Mr. Hartley wanted: an unhealthy woman with hand gestures on the Italian extreme. But it was still painful to watch from time to time. However, the fans will probably devour Fai Grim and pray for more. Although this was not my favorite movie, Hal Hartlei, I know I'm ready.
