As someone who has seen and followed Hartley's public work for several years, I think that much of what was once a fiction was told through true stories raised in obscure philosophical games of the mind. step in the Henry Fool line of thinking, where the film reflects the quality of the object within the film itself. In Henry Fool, the object is memoirs ... In Fai Grim, the object is a coded memoir - which itself has been stolen, forged and trans-mutated into something so vague that it actually can not make sense - ie. writing and filming movies in the modern era - where most blockbuster movies are just over the mash-up of the past. That is, in a philosophical sense, what Fai Grim is about. The goal, perhaps, is a tragedy that is now a shock cliché and boring (as indicated in the introductory scenes at the publisher's office). However, many of the best movie spots are lost if I do not understand Henry's character and the importance of memoirs that are being sought. Henry is a rarely concealed devil, first visits Simon as a modern Faust, etc. Without understanding how tragic Henry's character is, much of the quality and story of Fai Grimm is lost. And there are not enough 'details' expressed through verbal flashbacks - Henry Fool's familiarity with the plot can not be compared with the 'feeling' quality of the characters as it was done in Henry Fool, so I think For someone who enters this movie it's cold about 10 minutes. However, Henry Fool was also my least favorite Hartlei movie until I realized that it was bad - disgusting and infected - precisely because Henry Fool's awards were bad. .. not only rude or dirty, but inevitably broken. Henry can not be a real criminal - and it may be a tragic fault that makes him the most beautiful ... like Gollum in Tolkien's works, Henry is pitied. It does not happen in Fai. Grim, although Henry's dialogue is excellent. What is encountered is that the whole film is designed as an encryption - some kind of shaping the second complication about what ends up as another bad story to be added to Hennie's confessions. It's an interesting turn, but one that can not digest without watching the first movie. Perhaps the rendition of Henry would have been better than the publisher would describe the basic story of the first film - although this plot is not exactly what the first film is - unless it may be a random observer. Part of the encryption? It's hard to say ... a little disappointed with the sexual tricks. Cheesi.
