All right, this movie presents a few things. To begin with, this film is about an unhappy student who brings a gun to school and shoots about 9 students. One student survives and is in a hospital with severe head injuries. The main character is what few people who consider "loneliness / gota", despite the fact that the film says it is not. She works quite mysteriously, but she was also the only unholy student in the classroom. It was investigated for the history of knowing the shooter and having a record of having spoken to him the previous night. In any case, she is a very short and distant person who seems to despise society. However, due to some, at the first inexplicable events, she spent about a year outside the school but did not pass the grade. She has a desire to graduate, and the principle practically against her in the only possible way she can go is to spend time with the survivor, the girl in the hospital. These two tracks are almost completely opposite. , and this is quite at the social level. While Alisha is silent, an inwardly disturbed, anti-social 'goth' girl who spends her time completely alone (although she seems to read often, a little from the closet / from the bookcase), the other girl is a rich, popular 'bubble' girl always incredibly optimistic and trapped in her fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and her realism to survive. I feel both these roles as a wonderful job of presenting the MOST 'clip' in modern gymnasium, but more importantly, it shows that two completely opposite girls who do not know anything about others finally open up to one another. While an injured girl teaches a deep, meaningful truth about a once-sheltered life and the outer world, Alisa learns that the complete abandonment of society and the locking of everything inside is not always the best thing. Many people will look at the relationship between these two girls and see one of two things. Or, a snobbish, sulky girl who wants to suffer the rest of the world like her, pulling her into an innocent girlfriend, or a story about a seemingly captured, fantasized girlfriend who encounters an excommunicated society and teaches not only a judge, but that she actually, one of the most intelligent people he knows. In other words, people can see this film as a focus on Alisha to teach another girl a lesson about life, but it's not about it. This film talks about a BIG thing. Although it's about everything I've said, it also represents the way people are dealing with a major disaster that changes lives. Indeed, this film is not very symbolic, it is incredibly straight forward with its message, until you are afraid to open your mind, and your heart, with some emotions that you may not be familiar with with such a strange display. All in all, this movie is one of the best I've ever seen. The acting is brilliant, the story and the representation is deep and meaningful, and the emotions that pass through this movie will have someone who does not just interact, but may even cry. This film is very exciting, and very influential, and if I ever believed that any movie can change a person's life ... this would be the first one that could change mine. I loved this movie, if you ever want a movie that moves and impacts, while it's incredibly fun and real, watch this.
