Henri Hoollei Henri Fool was an independent film masterpiece and certainly his best work. It has a deep character, a subtle, complicated dialogue and an excellent emotional ending that enchants. I remember I stopped him several times while I was watching to absorb what I saw and felt. Henry Fool was a complete movie from the beginning to the end and he did not need a sequel. So I was surprised when I heard about Fai Grim. Fai was not one of the main characters of the first film, and there seemed to be more than a worrying imposing of the real essence and ignorance for her brother Simone to be forced to deal with his maturity. In her film, Fai mature herself, although her maturity takes a completely different path. Simon moved from a bit of an autistic isolation to a slightly introvert genius. Fai begins her adult journey as an immature, completely normal, spoiled child and responds to the attack of ridiculous circumstances by becoming a mature, completely normal, experienced adult who has no advantage. She deals with problems like any man does, decisively, a little thoughtful and tired contempt. While Simon learned to control his mind, Fai learns to control his emotions. The film contains several elements of its predecessor that are remembered, but largely different in most films. Henry showed a difficult, boring, ignorant who was contrary to Simon's inner passion and creativity. In Fai Grimm, the world is a lively, crazy, emotional place that shows the nonsense of her young life, and contrasts reveals an inner wise woman who has not previously developed or cherished her poor mother. The film is in two parts, the first deals with the beginning of Fai's struggle and subsequent hardening for authoritarian hostility, while the other deals with her struggle to soften only enough to recover Henry. In the beginning, fans of Henri Fool can wonder how the movie can even be considered a sequel, and thinking that it is a profound follow-up of such an intense film with a spy game and physical comedy. But here lies the subtlety of Fai Grim. It's a continuation of Fai's journey, and as I have already said, her is finding life's health in chaos rather than a real chaos in the established order. Parker Posei is a great actress who perfectly captures the language of Hal Hally in humor. Elina Lovensohn may be overshadowed by her emotional commitment to that role, allowing Parker to play an equal man and comedy against a lively, scenic comedy that is happening around her. the film begins to growl. The Hartley Hall films are all pieces, and each performance must have a full circle. Finally, Faiev is a newly developed character and integrity of the descendant of his time with the deadly intense Henry, whose penetrating sincerity and unique passion illuminates the spark in anyone he sees. An excellent film that does not surpass Henry Fool, but shows through Hal's scope that the nuances of his art are proof of his genius. Honestly, I think that anyone who deals with this movie not only missed the point of the mile (especially the subtlety of the actor Parker Posey), but he could not have been much interested in Henry Fool.
