Perhaps I would love this film more if I was not so attached to the characters in Henry Fool. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I would not worry. As Hartley jokingly said in his introduction to the film at TIFF, the film has many exposures and explanations. This film is very difficult in complication, which holds the film on the go. There are many funny moments and the film certainly has a Hartley trademark and a rhythm of dialogue. First of all, a technically well-made film and will surely satisfy the new fans of Hartley who are just beginning to explore his work. As for older fans who loved his earlier works such as Trust and Amateur, this film could go in both directions. I have mixed feelings towards the film and Hartley's later films in general. What Hartley is best doing is setting his stories in small situations, focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic ways his characters interact with each other. Since the late nineties and further, his films have expanded in terms of the subject. Mass media in such a reality, religion in the book of life and now terrorism in Fai Grim. I do not know if Hartley's talents are suitable for such a big topic or if he can do it by justice. Surprisingly, the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman who goes to look for her husband she loves. The only problem is that I saw Henry Fool and everyone looks incredible in this movie. You can say that this film was written long after Henri Fool finished without any intention of continuing. In a way, the terrorist complication seems to be appropriately secured by the use of Henry's recognition as a macguaffin (in autocestral sense). Fai's motives for finding Henry were motivated exclusively by the needs of complications, and not by those who were faithful to the person in Henry Fool. I guess I'm a bit disappointed in the film because it's not loyal to the characters in Henry Fool and does not work just like a thriller. There is too much irony and nervousness in Hartley's approach, such as a major topic such as terrorism. It works and does not work at the same time. All I can say is that you would love or hate the film, depending on how you deal with Hartley's work and how well you know Hartley's work. Fans of Henry Fool, seriously warned of disappointment. For the rest, welcome to the Hal Hartlei world and enjoy the ride.
