Fai Grim, on the face, speaks of spying and intrigue with nodding and winking. As a sequel to his remarkable Henri Fool, Hal Hartlei creates a surprising mix of movie noir and stubborn spy thriller that begins with a clever smile and a great amount of laughter and becomes fierce and warm as any movie I saw this year. Parkei Posei is Fai Grim, unconscious Mata Hari caught between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fool and the questionable intentions of a charming CIA operative. As agent Fulbright, Jeff Goldblum is a master of wit and sarcasm, in a role that seems to be adapted to his talents. He was never better. James Urbaniak is Fai's brother Simon, imprisoned, but famous for his wild popular poetry books. His love for his work and sister brings passion to confront the cruel nature of the spy who finally inhabit the Faye world. And Liam Aiken's Faiev overseked the 14-year-old son. Although it can be superfluous. Aiken's imagined style is incredibly "old soul" for someone of his age. The whole film was captured by the Dutch angle, a style that is well known for Orson Velles and used primarily in horror films and psychological thrillers to provide a sense of anticipation. In Fai Grim, the use of this style from opening a loan to closing is at first intriguing, the next is deceptively clever. For just as the viewer begins to fall to the perfectly matched comic elements and the witty character of Hartley's brilliant scenario, something is happening. The film takes a dark but unusually comfortable turn because these characters magically become sympathetic to our eyes. What started as a dark comedy turns into a romantic drama, and the transition is masterful. Slow competition replaces a breath-taking action, and we are sucked into the vortex. In the end, Hartley's sharp dialogue combined with the incredible performances of a perfectly harmonized ensemble ensures a delicious movie cocktail. Said by luxury that someone can write, produce, direct and even compose music, Hal Hartlei made a smart, sexy story of spying with a tongue that is barely in place. Fai Grim is one part of Dashiell Hammett, one part of Raimond Chandler, and one part Ian Fleming, shaken and maybe thrilled.
