I like this film, although it deliberately seems to be less "polished" than other films by Fred and Ginger, not to mention the somewhat troubled role of Harriet Hillard in the main romantic role. Once again with these films, the plot is of minor importance - Astaire plays a pretty incredible sailor (which is by chance a brilliant former hoofer (of course!)) and Rogers is a pursuit of performance in the music hall that swayed dime-a-dance. Although their relationship is bright and fun to watch, they are stunned by an incalculable main story that Hilliard and Randolph Scott fail to find any chemistry between them. Although it was a decision at the last minute, Hilliard was pretty wrong in that he did not have the screen presence to give this film what he needed in spite of being cute and cute. The film may have benefited from promoting the cunning character of Lucille Bal's cunning character, because she simply shined in every little scene, and would make a great Helen Broderick side kick to Rogers in this kind of great movie (See 'Stage Door' made next year, for an example of wonderful scenes between these two fantastic actresses). That Scottish one-dimensional Neanderthal character eventually fell in love with Hilliards is harder to believe than Astaire in the Navy! Now on an important part, singing and dancing: nothing can ever be said about "Let's face music and dance", except that it is brilliant and moving and perfectly performed and I often end up watching this scene with tears in my eyes. However, other songs in the film deserve some kind of recognition; "I put all my eggs in one basket" is a wonderful example of the comedic instincts of Astaire and Rogers, and they are almost amused in their reputation to shoot in a spontaneous, perfectly synchronized dance. Other highlights are "I'd rather run a band" and "Let yourself", which shows how these two talents could perform so brilliantly as themselves. I almost forgot to mention that this is one of the few (if not the only) way when Astaire plays brilliantly on the piano; It seems that the talents of this man are endless! All in all, I prefer 'Top Hat' and 'Swing Time' (although only), because it is more earthly and so enthusiastically derived from all involved, it's hard not to love the fun factor .
