The plot is never a strong side of the film by Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but the "Follov the Fleet" script is extremely central. Fred and Ginger are still fine - they play "Bake" Baker and Sherri Martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their relationship of love and hate creates some fun comic moments. But for most of the film, they returned to the stunning backdrop of Sherri's sister Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's love with another woman and the old scandal Connie inherited from her father. Although Hilliard is quite charming, this plot is uninteresting. At the same time, "Follov the Fleet" is blessed with an exceptional rating by Irving Berlin, which gives stars a lot of chances to show their talents. Astaire gets two good solos with "We've Seen the Sea" and "I'd rather run a band". He sings expressively and, of course, dances electrically - and the navy suit makes him a little boyish and athletic than usual. Rogers sings a striking "Let Iourself Go" and later real solo tap-dance on the same melody. The three duets actually keep the film, although they are all drawn into a plot with stupid excuses. Fred and Ginger won the dance competition, working out an energetic routine for another rehearsal "Let Iourself Go". Later, they sing and dance "I put all my eggs in one basket" as if it was an early number test, florifying choreography to a comedy effect. In the end, the film finally reveals how to Fred and Ginger in the evening dress for the romantic duo - it forms part of the shov-vithin-the-shov. The situation is fictional, but the song "Let's Face the Music and Dance" is one of the most beautiful things Berlin has ever written (reminiscent of Cole Porter), and the dance coincides with elegance. Kuintessential Astaire and Rogers. It would be difficult for him to go through most sections of the "Follow the Fleet" dialog, and, in fact, this is not necessary, because the shop rarely launches musical numbers. But I could always watch the songs.
