If Hollywood is to be trusted, the navy is nothing but a fake. Although sailors may complain about the ocean monotony, their ocean duties do not appear to exist completely, and Fred Astaire in some way finds enough free time during the day to offer dance classes to the fleet of potential romantics. Such is Astaire and Rogers. The previous film by Mark Sandric, "Top Hat" (1935), completely ignored the Great Depression which then brought America to its knees and presented the audience with the glittering world of the rich and famous; An optimistic view of life on a movie may have contributed to his success. Also, here, Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is difficult and exhausting, and instead replaces the sailors with an assortment of attractive light musical numbers. "Roast" Baker (Astaire) and Sherri Martin (Rogers) are two of the former dance partners whose romantic relationship broke down after he rejected a proposal for marriage. After Bake returns from her long-term duties in the Navy, Sherri finds her as a dance hostess in an unsophisticated dance hall in San Francisco. While two former lovers are trying to interact with each other, the Sherri Plain, Harriet Hilliard's sister teacher, who looks pretty pretty, gets a complete change and attempts to fascinate the superficial sailor Bilge "Bilgei" Smith (Randolph Scott). There are many common comedic comedies, a few moments of wrong identity, and even a hilariously trained monkey who steals every scene in which he is. Especially fun is the scene in which Bake sabotages the performer's audition to create a window for his estranged girl; Unhappily for both, the unhappy Sherri drinks bicarbonate from the soda and loses the ability to sing. 'Following the fleet (1936)' was the fifth winning collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger. Rogers, and the third (out of five) in which Sandrich directed the couple. Irving Berlin has provided the music and lyrics of the movie, and each music number is fun and fun, even if it's not as unforgettable as in Top Hat (1935), Sving Time (1936), or Will We Dance (1937). Astair is trying to get rid of his typical personality of a rich man-of-town, without much success, but it's hard to imagine a performer without a boyfriend's caring charm that could only be followed by wealth. The side story of the romance between Connie and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (in a black wig to avoid conflict with Ginger's blue hair) has several emotional solo numbers, including "Get Thee" \ t Behind Me Satan, "originally written for" Top Hat ".
