Follow the fleet, production of RKO in 1936, acting by Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers had many similar romantic films together, RKO helped them re-create a valuable story that included relevant situations in society at the time it was made. The "Follov the Fleet" narrative rely heavily on the use of layered stories between two sets of main characters in order to create a satisfying romantic comedy. General complication of the film is revolving around Baker Baker, sailor. The American Navy was starring Fred Astaire and Sherri Martin, Bake's former partner for love and dance, now a singer and dancer played by Ginger Rogers. Their story begins when Bake is on board, and his colleague Billy Smith finds a photograph of the two of them, and Bake discovers that the last time she saw her asked to marry him, Billy suggests to try to meet her when they are land, in the hope of having a friend. The next great scene begins the second plot of the film when Connie Martin, Sherrina's sister, was refused to enter the Raj where her sister works, unless accompanied by a gentleman. She turns to find Bilge behind her with a full-bodied bag, so she plays it as if she was waiting for him and bought his entry into Paradise. Connie then finds Sherri and tells her she is depressed because Sherri can not be lucky with men, so Sherri suggests she gets a makeover from her friends while she performs on stage. Connie turned and walked into the dance hall again, and came back to Bilge, who was confident in her eyes. This launches another romantic story between Bilge and Konya. Throughout the rest of the film, stories and upsets move between changing the comedy relief of the two pair problems that create several mini-rises and falling actions within the total plot. Bake and Sherri together appeared in their first moments while competing in a dance competition and eventually winning, reminding them of the success and satisfaction they have when they are together. Similarly, Bilge is able to reduce Connie through her romantic attempts to please her, and they pull back to her house. This series of happy events will soon be followed by disturbing measures that will bring the rising action back. Bake left Sherri last night to retire before midnight and told her she would come for her in the morning. Unfortunately, the ship is moving after the shippers returned, disturbing Sherri and leaving her to think that Bake is still a typical sailor who is looking for a good time when on the mainland. Mood changes once again when another film is inserted into the film, when a "big-sized" party hits a boat. This alternative story is used to create tampons between the story of the two main relationships of the film, as well as building trust and propensity for Bake's general good intentions. The entertainment interrupts the unconscious music that comes from Bake and his companions when they miss the sound to report on deck for the company. Ladies are intrigued, and they want to hear them play, and Bake gladly starts to entertain them with some dance, which ultimately helps to beautify the mood of the film, as well as bring luck to sailors. Upon returning to intertwined stories, Sherri tries to prove to Bake that she does not need his help in getting to work. Unfortunately, Bake is not aware that he is auditioning, and goes to give a good word for Sherri when he hears his friend in a studio that talks about an extraordinary lady in audition. Bake takes on himself to help Sherri cope with his water, making her unable to sang properly and destroying her audacity. In addition to Bake's mistake, Connie spent all her money on the ship repair she hoped Bilge would take over the role of the captain. She also planned an extraordinary date for dinner for him when he was due to arrive, but Bilge was aware of his intentions and hoped that he would soon marry and was no longer interested, and she arose. The rest of the film continues in the same mini-pickup format and falls until a climax is reached between the two pairs, which ends the film with the luck of both pairs. The use of modified stories helps build interests and emotions within each pair as they deal with both happiness and pain through each and every battle. Interlaced stories can also be connected to each other, as well as include other unrelated sub-groups in order to narrate to the final stages. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have countless films that include romance, comedy, song and dance, Follov the Fleet is a unique movie for two actors who successfully use the subplot technique to help the narrative between the two main characters.
