What a fun movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the Navy. Astaire must return to Ginger in San Francisco, while Scott must be convinced that Harriet Hilliard is worthy of his wife. Everything is fine. Sometimes it is debated, and I see why Scott's romance with Hilliard is unnecessary and slows down the action. Especially painful are Hilliard's songs of sweet love songs. I could do it without her singing, but I realized that the romance was a little touchy. Hiliard enters the movie as a teacher of music, wearing glasses, without makeup and the most rugged clothes known to man or beast. No wonder Scott escapes him until he sexy sexually under the care of her sister Ginger and the evil Lucille Ball. The problem is that after its transformation it looks like the same irreversible ordinary woman as before, only with shiny clothes. It's hard enough for a home guy. But at least a man can become rich and powerful and popular, then he can collect women anyway, even if he looks like JoJo Dog-Boi. But what does a woman do ordinary woman? The same paths for romance are not open to her. Henry Kissinger had groups. Is Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be a common woman in a culture cruel like ours. As a kind of footnote, I must mention that Randolph Scott was told that he was bisexual with Hollywood tracks that needed some nonsense to chew them, and it's kind of fun that he has the next line in this movie when he puts home-grown Hilliard - "I'm not married I'm interested, sister. " The film probably gives Ginger Rogers a better time than any of her other films with Astaire. And she's wonderful. She is a beautiful, sexy, talented actress and dancer, and her script also gives good comics. "Let's kiss and make up," suggests Astaire. "Let's make up," she says, "what will give you something you will be doing." It is also the only film she recorded with Astairem, which gives her a solo number during an audition. Her performance was accidentally sabotaged by Astaire, which put Alka Seltzer or something in her water, and she was shouting through her number, while for some time she was too irresponsible. Dancer, I would make a great circus elephant so my opinion must be understood as amateur, but I think that their dances are equal to those they put on the movie. Their first, during the dance competition, "Pray," is the most valuable of all that can be remembered. And the only drama duo, "Let's face music and dance", must be among their best. The last step when they get out is astounding. I like the film for personal resonance reasons. I remember seeing him for the first time at a theater in downtown San Diego, next to a shop called the Seven Seas that served the sailors. Then I was in uniform and I was impressed by the treatment of the naval career of Astear and Scott. What I mean is that we have this sparkling musical comedy that absolutely does not deserve a historical reality, yet, unlike most other teams, it already pays its debts. Riding a boat, Astaire called a "water taxi". I just took a water taxi on the shore. Uniforms are accurate for this period (unlike, say, those in "On the City") and are appropriately worn, hats up to two fingers above the eyebrow, not backward. There are two incidents in which Astaire encounters a problem with maritime the authorities are both handcuffed with perfect seriousness and are completely convinced.The policeman stops Astaire from running the jazz band during the inspection and reports to the captain: "They played when the sound was ringing, sir. I'm sure it is not intentional for some violation of discipline." I would say the officer - a good officer - and nobody should jao. The series became somewhat repetitive at a time when "Follov the Fleet" was so made, instead of turning Fred into a high society and smoking, they turned him into a chewing gum for chewing, instead That was a good idea. And the dance numbers are up to the concept.
