As a massive fan of fantasy in general, and especially about the works of Neil Gaiman *, I rejoiced with this film so greedy, so hungry and with such a bitter mix of expectations and fear of disappointment that I can barely believe that it is finally here. And you know what? I do not have to be afraid, the movie version is bl ** di avesome. Different from the book, but in a good way - less capricious, comic, still deeply sweet and enchanting. Special effects are absolutely visible and make magic a sense of the natural and real part of the World Wide without obvious spectacular and intrusive. Appropriate attention is devoted to storytelling and pacing, and the main part is a triumph with spooky princes (whose vote is read almost as "Vho's Vho" at the moment of cool British comedy - Rupert Everett, David Valliams from Little Britain slaves, two of the boys from Green Ving, etc.) steals most of the best lines and almost all the funniest moments of the films that exist in abundance. In fact, the only minor criticism I have in the film is that sometimes comic elements become a bit of an OTT, subtlety comes out of the window to disparage the main story. For example, Ricki Gervais's name was too "Ricki Gervais for his usual David Brent from the Canadian comedy" for my taste, and in my opinion, he created an undesirable and exciting break from the magic spell of a progressive story (although honestly, from the memory I believe that Ferdi's character in the original book was pretty "Ricki Gervais" - look when I think of him) .... But this is a little sweep into otherwise flawlessly thrown and written fairy tale with a good blend of action and romance. Charlie Cock, as the protagonist of Tristan, captures the true blend of naivety, subtle comedy and self-realization that is needed for this story where "a modest young man moves in a quest that changes his life"; Claire Today as Ivaine is a beautiful, lively and just as insignificant or ethereal, perfect interpretation of her star role; Robert De Niro, in the rumor that every critic tells about, really deserves praise, plays well (it looks like he has a ball) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer is triumphantly cool and nasty as the wicked witch Lamia, my favorite performance of the movie as a whole. If you enjoyed her amazing performance in the recent Hairsprai, then you will enjoy it too. To round off this review: you will smile, you will surely smile and maybe even cry - Stardust is a beautiful fairy tale for the whole family, with hearts of gold and more sass' n smarts than it is now visible. One of my favorite films is absolutely fantastic Princess Bride, and Stardust is easy to compare with that for a good reason, because it's a very similar type of film that explores similar themes and territories .... and just like Princess Bride \ t remains fresh, smart and Fun twenty years after the first release, I believe that the delicious sweetness of Stardust in the language will be shown as a favorite family on our TVs (or an equivalent future device!) for many years.
