Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the Hollywood premier dance team, were usually dressed in nines and slipped through the carefully overcrowded Art Deco sets of the 1930s. However, they go a little more for this trip in 1936, the fifth of their ten musicals together. This time, Astaire renounced her hat, white ties and tail to become a sailor chewing gum called "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays the entertainer of the dance hall Sherri Martin, who was Bake's partner - dancing, and otherwise - before registering. Therefore, unlike the wrong identity boards and romantic hesitances that prevail in most of their previous couples, they are already a couple from the beginning of the film. Director Mark Sandrich (who led five of their couples), The film carries a narrative similarity to "Robert" from 1935, in which they are only one of two pairs shown in the story. In fact, Randolph Scott plays another male lead in both films, this time as Bake's female crew, "Bilge" Smith. He teamed up with Irena Dunne (who understood this sequel comprehensively), but Harriet Hilliard. Just married to Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet, Hilliard plays Sherri's sister Connie, who hardly falls for Bilge. In this stupid complication, she got a new look from a young, whitish blonde Lucille Ball, and there are also classic Hilliard, Ball and queety-doll cute Betti Grable in front of the mirror. Talking about the story, what one of them is attributed to Allan Scott and Dvette Tailor, goes something like this ... Bake and Bilge are on the shores of San Francisco where they end up in a dance hall with their rovdi shipmates. Bake finds that Sherri works there, as Bilge enters Connie for the first time when he comes in as a messy girl and then appears as a glamorous girlfriend. Romantic flowers for both pairs. Koni and Sheri inherit the pair from their father, but they need money to keep it on the water. In both relationships, there are multiple misunderstandings, but all of this works when they turn the steamer into the theater and set up a music show for fundraising. It's about stupid, but it sounds like a good excuse for some of Irving's unforgettable melodies in Berlin and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dances. The first two are in a relaxed tone - a set for dancing to percolating "Let Iourself Go" where they are unscrupulously demonstrated to win the physical marine comedy routine set on a toe "I put all my eggs in one basket" . However, their last dance is a classic return of formalities with a melodramatic piece that is beautifully set on the amazing arrangement "Let's Face Music and Dance". Interestingly, this film contains not only Astaire solo dance, but Rogers has ever had a solo dance in one of his films, and energetic tapping was re-set to "Let Iourself Go". Dressed in creamy satin navy clothes, she also sings the same song at the beginning of the film. Wise acting, Astaire and Rogers are in a typical star in comical form. While Scott plays his role with his trademark, Hilliard is an extremely boring presence, and as a former band singer, performs two Berlin love songs in a frustratingly uncertain way. Regardless, the magic that Astaire and Rogers generated at their peak make this essential viewing. The 2005 DVD has some good accessories that begin with a 13-minute film "Follow the Fleet: The Origin of These Dance Feet" about how Astaire and Rogers started working together. There is also a "soundie" live-action called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and His Dance Orchestra", a cartoon called "Let It Be Me" and an original theater trailer.
