The Hundstage is deliberately an ugly and nervous study of life in a particularly gloomy suburb of Vienna. It comes from the former director of documentary film Ulrich Seidl, who adopts a very documentary approach to the material. However, the film is moving away from the normal types and presents us the characters that are best described as "extremes"? some are extremely lonely; some extremely violent; some very strange; some are extremely dishonest; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood; et cetera. The film combines several episodes that intertwine from time to time, each of which follows characters for several days during the hot summer flight. Very few viewers will distance themselves from the feelings of a movie that are having fun? The intention is to point out many things that are wrong in people, on many diseases that burden our society as a whole. It is a film that gives rise to thinking and its conclusions are quite harmful as a whole. Peaceful old lover of imagination about his older cleaner and wants to take a striptease for him while wearing the clothes of his late wife. The nightclub dancer deals with the constant jealous and violent behavior of her boyfriend-racing boy. A couple who grieves for their dead daughter can no longer communicate and seek comfort from having sex with other people. An abusive man abuses his wife, but he constantly forgives her. The security vendor desperately tries to find the culprit behind a vandalism at the site, but in the end collect the innocent scapegoat. A mentally ill woman keeps driving with aliens and insults them until she gets out of the car! The life of these disparate characters is united for several days during an intense hot summer wave. The film's desperation is tangible. Many scenes feature long, inconvenient silences that are twice as effective as the whole part of the dialogue. Then, there are other scenes in which your dialogue and event on the screen leave you breathless. In particular, the scene during which the security vendor leaves the female thief on the mercy of the vengeful type - to be beaten, raped and humiliated (thanks to all those who are not on the screen) for some vandalism that he did not do - arouses a sour, almost irritating taste. In the second scene, a man has an incendiary candle in his back and is forced to sing a national anthem on the nišan, all as part of his punishment because he was nasty against his wife. Although we might want to make us feel like this siledge receives our arrival, at the same time we are left shocked and disturbed by the nature of his punishment. Indeed, such strong contrasts can represent a summary of the whole film - every moment of curiosity is balanced with the moment of cold. Every hope of growth is opposed to the feeling of despair. For each character that you may like or feel sympathy, there is another one that encourages only anger and hatred. Perhaps we would like to turn away from the Hundstage, to reject it as a practice in misery, but it also points to some unpleasant truths and it needs to be cured.
