The year was so full of Blockbusters and movie returns, not to mention some of the disappointment of those returns, that I find it hard to find a movie that I just could sit and enjoy. In case you do not want to read further on the page (there are no spheres), I will summarize here: Mature than Ella Enchanted (there are some suspicious violent) parts, many deaths, and a handful of scenes with little blood, not for little children), but does not try to be too banal or exceeding its limits. Think of it as a little more serious, a little more magical Princess Bride, and you will be close. <br /> <br /> ------------------------------------------ ------------------- </ i> I, maybe, I'm not such a wondrous person watching a movie as another ... Maybe once or twice a month , if I feel active. I'm also a great fan of Sci-Fi / Fantasy. I was tired of rewriting repeating stories and movies with more flashes than filling faster than you can count to 10, and this film is a rough diamond. By the end here (August), I was tired enough of the broken expectations of the big hits that I avoided to see the Bourne Ultimatum in favor of Stardust. Since my hopes thoroughly blurred the Transformers for my addiction to fiction, Stardust's impressions looked attractive, but I was certainly cautious. Like many others here, I was totally surprised. I was thinking to look at another generic cliché of fantasy from here to breakfast. Do not be fooled, it's definitely a fairy tale, and it really has witches, magic, and totally demands suspension of disbelief ... But the most recent thing I've found is NOT based on anything You've seen or read in the last 15 years, and that's really good movie. ((Unlike 90% of other films that persistently reappear as thorns on the page, maybe I can read the book this year, and in two years the film will appear as another "epic fantastic story, like LotR and the rest, "says NIT, and I doubt that.)) Stardust did not tighten me in the seat because of the full action at every turn, nor did I sweat the bullets because of the hook for the plots after which the plot-hook obstructed dramatic tension separated and echoed throughout the theater in a loud boom. He did not even use huge sounds to draw my attention to what's happening on the screen (Transformers, I'm looking at you). It's not an attempt to showcase the latest CGI techniques, nor has it offended my intelligence with weak dials and storylines that are simple enough to be able to grasp them in the third grade (the boy I hate). I was just ... watching. I watched and enjoyed the refreshing story of CREATIVE before my eyes. Of course, maybe I knew what would happen during most of the film, but that's forgets. Even my heart caused a jerk in some parts, but the most important aspect I noticed was that I left the theater better than when I entered. It is truly a gem. After so much gluttony this summer with so many remakes and movies that did not meet my expectations, this was like a cool sweet cup of tea to stop all the hard work I've done sitting through others trying to get out of them. My money is worth it. Probably not for everyone, but do yourself a favor; If you enjoy fantastic movies that are only on the test of time (Princess Bride, Black Cauldron, The Dark Cristal, etc.), then you really need to see this movie. This little diamond finds its way into my DVD collection when it appears in stores, you can trust me in this. Simple Wonderful.
