Something special in Austrian films has not only Seidl, but also Spielmann and other directors. It is a pervasive sense of reality that never leaves the viewer during the film. Hundstage is no exception. This effect is achieved not only by the stories shown, but also by the actors. In the Hundstage, I never had the feeling that they were actors, but real people. So it's a real sense of viewers ... Almost as if a sore retiree or a lonely lady in a movie live under you in your block. Any person living in Vienna can, without any doubt, painfully recognize people in the film with their mecernary / sudern (regret), their hidden sexual impulses, and sparrow boys. This is further enhanced by the Vienna dialect, which, according to many, is especially made for regret as a way of life. Special parochialism and arrogance characteristic of Vienna are also very well presented. Vienna suburbs have a live presence in the film with their stupor and sleepiness in which nothing happens. Moreover, they were turned into a celebration of materialism with shopping centers and large department stores. Among them are the houses of people in which they give up what they consider to be activities of enjoyment, trying to stay in touch with their human being, but in vain. Examples are the sexual game of old men with men who were raped by rape, a guy who lost his nerves and hit his girlfriend and a young woman who stirs and irritates the drivers. The film has no sound record because it concentrates only on the normality / abnormality of its images. Another typical characteristic of Seidl (and other Austrian directors) is his portrayal of disturbing sexual images. This includes removing an old woman for a husband, sex scenes in the bathroom, a sex game with two men in her apartment, etc. In the Hundstage, Seild has shown the lives of people who may eventually be Vienna, as they can be citizens of Paris, New York or Madrid. The spectators should not despise or condemn the Beats in the film, since they themselves could become victims of the same human alienation and alienation, although in different circumstances. In the end, I believe that Seidel's film is a warning to us about the terrible state of human relations that are so brutally discovered in the Hundstage. And if the viewer does not succumb to the reasons for this evil transformation, Seidl has achieved his goal.
