This film should be ranked as one of the most demanding and demanding films for years. It's one of the few films, perhaps the only ones that actually gave me trembling: even Pasolini's Salo, to which this film carries a comparison, has influenced me like that. I saw echoes in a film by directors such as Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself, what is it in the film that made me feel? I think the answer would be that I watched a horror movie, but one that defies or even reverses the conventions of the genre. Typically, horror and horrifying things will happen in the horror movie, but at the margins of a civilized society: abandoned houses, abandoned hotels, castles, cemeteries, morgues, etc. This handling of the subject in horror is, I think, a sort of defensive mechanism, a principle of darkness and opacity that functions as a kind of project space for the desires and fears of the observer. Hence, from this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror film; it takes place in a perfectly normal society, and thus it does not interfere with the horror movie histrioner. But what you see is the shift of certain key themes from the horror genre, especially in relation to the body and its violation, through which the stage of fear and torture can pass. What Seidl does is to use the environments of everyday middle-class society as the stage where the repetitive play of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack, and violation of intimacy and integrity is transmitted: it is the themes that you would find in horror, but subject to the principle of light and transparency from which escape. It is precisely within this shift that there is the power of Seidl's film. Hundstage deals with these things as a function of everyday life, showing them in everyday repetition, and not as places of limbs and catharsis - a move that would be encountered in the said horror. An important reference is Rainer Verner Fassbinder. Fasbinder also had a way to create political and personal in his films, a melodrama tactic that enabled him to deal with a serious and moral issue with political issues such as racism, domination, desire, property issues, sexual property and control, fascism and capitalism, etc. Seidel's tactics of creating the mechanisms of everyday society by the subject of his film put him in the immediate vicinity of Fassbinder; like this German ally, he has some kind of political vision of a society he thinks he is responsible for in his films. During a seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, where Seidl was a guest, he asked why there would be so many cases of violent, subordinate women in the Hundstage, but there were no cases of women fighting, being released. Seidl replied that some might be considered immoral to show violence against women, but that he himself thought it would be immoral not to show it. I think the artistic statement is as good as any other. Thank you.
