This afternoon we took the children into movies and saw Neil Gaimans Stardust and everything I can say is Wow. It's rare that I'm totally seduced by everything, but this is probably the biggest fantasy movie ever. I've never seen, maybe even the best movie of any kind and it's all the fault of Neil Gaiman. Naturally, I could have been sucked into a wonderful dialogue that was smart, running smoothly and made the characters are completely credible. I could give the days to talk about spectacular acting, Charlie Cock is perfect as Tristan, Claire Daines is Brilliant like Ivaine, and Robert Di Nero almost steals a movie like Deepli and Pirate from the Captian Shakespeare closet. The pure joy brought by the humor that our Loud laugh laughs, intelligent enough to make Shrek look like Sitcom 80s, and perfectly fit with Just the rest of the movie would make this a great movie . Special effects were close to perfect, t Rue it was not LOTR or Star Wars SF Ectravaganza, but where they were used were exactly what was required, not too much to distract you from the film itself and perfectly fit into the story. Then there is a story? What can I say? How often do you find yourself on a story that contains all the classic components of fairytales that do not appear as yet another cheap Princess Bride clasp. It makes it well known and comfortable, and at the same time completely new and refreshing. Any of these things would make this a good movie, and all together make a great movie, but it fades in comparison with the rich magic world that combines these elements to bring them back to life. Once again, Neil Gaiman did it, he brought another dag into my heart creating a fantasy world that is so beautiful and enchanting that I would do almost anything I could live in it and I gave him just a brief insight into it. I did not want that to end, I wanted to be sucked in through the vortex to the Stormhold country and to personally meet Tristan and Ivaine, to travel through its fields and valleys, walk through its markets and meet the residents, dangerous and friendly and there forever. It was the feeling I noticed whenever I read something from Gaiman, Sandman, American Gods, Coraline, left me with a deep sense of sadness when I finished reading them because it was over, I could not see anything more in the worlds that he created and who it looked much more lively and lively than the one in which I was forced to live and watching Stardust was not different. In the end, I'm sure that Neil's writing and this movie will not have the same effect on everyone, but believe me when I say you will not regret the time or money spent watching this movie, it's easy one of the top 5 movies I've ever seen and I guarantee that anyone with the soul will at least like it.
