The power of the dream is a wonderful thing. There is a saying, "Not all dreamers have achieved, but all realize a dream." Exploring our imagination, we shape our future. Or build empires. We may overcome our fears, limitations and obstacles. Get wisdom and take advantage of humanity. Or (simply put it) just find our way to true love and happiness. Freud could express such things in symbols. The language of fantasy. Tristan moves from a pretty English village called Vall. Going through the wall. Portal. Looking for something that will prove his love to Victoria (Sienna Miller). Victoria does not take it seriously. He thus commits himself to return the star that falls. Storm is a world outside the wall. He discovered that the fallen star took on the form of a beautiful girl, Ivaine (Claire Danes). To complicate things, three evil witches want to get to Ivaine. If they can eat her heart, it will renew their youth. (One of the witches is Michelle Pfeiffer, who makes a fantastic young transformation of looks and manners.) 'Good guy' encountered on his way is Captain Shakespeare (Robert de Niro). He has a fierce, pirate pirated exterior, but there is a queen of candy beneath her. The successors of Stormhold have, in the meantime, been involved in the battle of the inheritance of the Kingdom. Ricki Gervais is an addition. The pirate trader throws standard Gervais-types. Tristan's purity of spirit sparks love for Ivain, so a small triangle moves. Until he achieves maturity to appreciate the divisions of real women. Stardust is a fantasy based on a large scale and deserves credit for its innumerable stars. Completely positive and written with clarity that makes it more valuable than psychoanalysis is full of Harri Potter romps. Production is worth rival Hollivood, and the story is freed from racial stereotypes, misogyny, religious or classical agendas of form and distortion of so many fantasies. . The plot and dialogue have many predictable elements, and the quality of a fairy tale can be too saccharin for an audience. But if you want an excuse to let your heart fly, this film can provide it. As a boy, I remember wondering I listened to the albums of Moody Blues (who practiced in a house not far from home). where I lived). They made nameplates like "In Search of Lost Chords" and wrote lines like "Thinking is the best way to travel." I would fill my head with books on magic and mystery, from Timothy Lier to Aleister Crowley. Shaping dreams. Learn to make them real. Today, people can talk about NLP or positive thinking. Adults who remember how dreaming with the strength of youth, but with vision and application of maturity. Do you still enjoy this feeling? We advise you not to wait for Stardust on DVD. Take a look at the biggest cinema screen you can find. Get Digital Surround sound, if you can get it. The actors seem to have a ball. Maybe you too.
