As much as I love big epic paintings - I will spare you appointments - it's great to let some beers and sometimes just run the action. Films where the store occupies the rear seat on the set. Films in which the dialogue is not so wisely written to bind to the endless knots of purple prose. There are hundreds of movies that fit into the account ... but in my opinion I went to sixty seconds is one of the best. It is an update of a movie that shares its name. It also shares the ethos of that image, but it is not entirely an execution. Whatever was great in the original, it was simplified. Whatever has been simplified, it has also been increased thanks to a larger budget. Often such efforts are recipes for a complete catastrophe - see The Italian Job remix for the one who ruined it - but here, thanks to the acting forces of largely excellent actors, Sikti thrives. The plot and a lot of dialogue is not much for writing about IMDb. You will often have scenes where the same line of dialogue moves back and forth between the actors, each of which will speak with different variations. Many people thought this was bored; I think she raises a smile. Each actor has the chance to show his style definition here, with Cage, Jolie and Duvall who lead the package (of course, it should be noted that it's fun to see and Mrs. Pitt did not get the first billing here). Chemistry between a good Saint Nicholas, a stubborn (see the date of examination) and Angelina leads to some nice moments. Zlikovac is not a bit daunting - I saw Chris Ecclestone playing Roles before heavy guys, so I know he can deal with them, but I think he was deliberately directed to make his role inconsistent, because I would not distract from the action. We know that the heroes will somehow succeed; We sit in the car with them, enjoying the ride. I think that many of these scenes have played the language so far in the face that it has crossed the heads of many people who have given this bad rating a bad voice. Actually, I would not deal with the camera's banging on the fourth wall: it's just such a movie. All this style and not so much substance - something that often exhausts my patience if not done * just * so - it would be worthless that the action did not exist. And that mostly. Vonderfulli so. I noticed that there seems to be a common trend to use quick footage of extreme close-ups for direct action these days. I personally think that such a thing is exhausting. I prefer movies like this where the stunts are impressive enough not to need artificial tension by continuously raking strong blows. I was told that Cage really did as many stuntmen as he could get out without the loss of insurance (I mean in real life - his character obviously does not care) and it shows. A man can really move a car and it is well used in a slow-sleeping air-finale where Mustang drives into the ground in the most unusual and fun manner. So, this film is not an "epic, life-affirmative image after September 11 with compulsory social comments". Pacing was uneven, some scenes could be cut, and not all actors dragged the line. But car movies rarely come better than this. So if you hate cars ... why are you even reading these comments? I would take it through a number of iterations "Flaccid and The Tedious" (guess franchise) every day. 7/10
