To shorten and not ruin all this is the film about Giovanni Ribsi, a car thief, who is blaming the big delivery of stolen cars (a total of 50). Then he threatens to kill him who gave him the order. ' The goal is now to steal 50 cars in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a retired booster, as well as Kip's brother and a couple of old friends Randall. As you can see that it's the same old, the big brother needs to get lil 'bro' out of trouble and of course Randall is the best thief ever. Of course, like in all other films, there are several obstacles and surprises that you would never think of, but sometimes it is predictable, so there is nothing special in the story. Now you may have wondered why this is about 51 times VRHUNSKI PRINT, as there are only 50 beautiful, fast, cool and expensive cars to be stolen. The second hot item in this movie is Svai (Angelina Jolie (which will be a great STAR (believe me)). She is not only very convincing in the role of car theft, but it's also pretty hot. OK is not hot as in beautiful, but hot as in damn cool and sexy. She was very convincing in this role, probably because she is a kind of wild woman in real life (do not believe me, read her biography) and you only see a sexy person for a sexy part. I only know that she plays the girl I love in this movie, because she is not too mainstream, a little alternative, and even comes with a tattoo. OK, the only disadvantage that I felt while watching this movie was, there was not much action, there is a completely unrealistic scene, the story is just fine and there is not much joke. Hey, but after I've looked at the whole movie, I have to say: WHO WARES. Why I have to say that, because it was still fun; he had a couple of cold car runs; good music; some Bruckheimer scene (where the combination of music and lines of actors makes your eyes wet); good actors who have all done their job; pretti cars; one cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and the last but not the least important, very handy tools for car strengthening. So there are some flaws here, but still a good and fun movie. All in all, the best way to describe this movie is that it's a comprehensive OK movie with cool? As for Nicolas Cage, well ?? He is actually one of my favorite actors in the action today, after such good films as Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eies and finally this. Plus who the actor has so many good actions / trillers in recent years and so successful? Vell no one !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he is one of my favorites. One thing that's true about Mr. Cages Bruckheimer's films is that they get worse. Rock, he was clear 9, Con air was nice 8, and this is good 7. That's not bad. Does not that show that his films under Bruckheimer are getting worse and that Cage may have to think longer before he accepts a role in the film and probably should film some films less? It does not show this to us, as almost all Cage's films have been successful in the last few years, except 8mm and Bringing the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit it, but it was never Cage's fault and the story seemed good to me. I can not say anything about another movie, because I have not seen it yet. One thing, although I know for certain that Bruckheimer asked me for these three films, I would say yes to all of them. I would say that Rock, because the story was great and because I would play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would say Con Air, because there would be a lot of action because the story was good and because you had to work with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In this I would play because I would get a big salary, I could ride some cool and fast cars and because I could kiss Angelina Jolie (I can not wait to see her in that Lara Croft outfit). This was a good choice for Mr. Cage and it was certainly worth a look at the theater. 7 of 10
