GONE IN 60 SECONDS / (2000) *** (out of four) 60 seconds of lull is an energetic, sleek, elegant action picture with high octane power and lots of great cars. If you are interested in cars for this production, producer Jerry Bruckheimer ("Con Air", "The Rock") is worth a look only to enjoy the glimpse of great cars. Though the film exudes the tone of weakness in many areas, its precise sense of action and excitement makes it moderately successful in the summer's excitement. The movie stars Giovanni Ribisi ("Mod Skuad") as a young rogue named Kip Raines, who, as the movie opens, fails to deliver a long list of expensive cars to powerful criminal Raimondo Calitri (Christopher Eccleston). When Kip's life is endangered by this, his elder brother, Randall "Memphis" Raines (Nicolas Cage), a retired but skilled car thief, was called to perform the task in exchange for the survival of his brother: steel fifty cars - a specific model, years, and make-up only four days. Memphis pays for the first three days recruiting a bandit team to help him pull the robbery. The crew includes Sarah "Svai" Angelina Jolie, a sexy, but coarse retiree who knows Memphis through a previous job, a guy named Mirror Man (TJ Cross), old and wise Otto Hallivell (Robert DuVall), Tumbler (Scott Caan ), Atlei Jackson (Vill Patton), Tobi (Villiam Lee Scott) and Donnie Astricki (Chi McBrde). Contribution to film and tension is a sub-assembly involving two police detectives, Roland Castlebeck (Delroy Lindo) and Dricoff (Timothy Oliphant), who doubt that they know Memphis and his crew well and keep them under high pressure. There is not much time to develop a character here; the audience realizes these people through their rude lifestyle and assume heavy personalities through the movie core, a stylish atmosphere. In order to make things worse for this film, the dialogue fails to define characters with a rude cultural tone. I do not say that I think that curses and vulgarism are necessary to flourish the thrillers; I really respect the director's decision to withstand an extremely bad language in a movie that could easily get a R-rating. However, I believe in a movie like "Spooked in 60 seconds", in order to develop the enlightening character of the character, the dialogue must be faithful and authentic. Despite the problems, the characters are efficient thanks to the superb, perfect actors who are responsible. The melodramatic performance of Nicolas Cage is intense and persuasive. The dark phenomenon of Angelina Jolie is quite appropriate here. Delroy Lindo is deliciously hard and convincing. Giovanni Ribisi, Scott Caan, Robert Duvall, Vill Patton and Christopher Eccleston provide convincing supportive roles. The film contains a standard structure, with a satisfactory first act that explains the style of the story and motifs of character, sets the subject of the activity that moves quickly, but lacks the depth and strong character. In the second act we encounter several more problems: the story loses time during most of this segment, it never really built up for the third rank. While the middle of the film takes up a lot of time, and the scene of sex provides a solid environment, there is not much to happen. The third act is a pretty strong adrenaline pleasure that contains angry excitement from wall to wall and one of the most intense sequences in the search for a car ever recorded. Soundtrack for "Gone in 60 Seconds" contributes a lot to the inspirational action scenes. These are scenes such as auto-hitting this film in spite of several destructive errors. Dominic Sena, whose career consisted mainly of advertising directing, has an appealing styling and a stinging attitude in the 60-second film, which will give the audience two hours of excitement, excitement and excitement, but not much more. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
