Now, this was certainly a surprising episode. In this series of anthological science fiction, with all these alien beings, extraordinary phenomena and many brushes with the future, this episode would certainly be unusual. His seemingly insignificant items obviously do not give any morality at the end of the story. Or it? We start with Silent Movie Form, no recorded dialogue, but with musical accompaniment. In this case, it is on the tape, not the use of an organ or piano playing by a prominent musician. This part of the episode, along with the final part, also made liberal use of title cards, just like "Old Time Movies". Although these titles are somewhat exaggerated and exaggerated, they were made so deliberately and with affection rather than any disdain for The Silent Film. Director of Film Comedy, Norman Z. McLeod, he was the man on the chair for this half-hour war. He was the director of many of the greatest comedies of all time, with people like Brothers Mark, V.C. Fields, Harold Lloyd and Danny Kae. Television was not a stranger, because he worked a lot on Television series. It seems that he and Mr. Keaton have never worked together before (since I can not find any evidence of this), but judging by the outcome of the film, they managed to do it with flying colors! Anyone who directed Keaton was aware that Buster was a good comedy and comedy. He was equally comfortable behind the camera while he was in front of him. Their short partnership must be consistent, with 'give and take' about how things are done. It is obvious that many of the edges were Keaton's, resurrected from his The Silent Days of the Film. For example, a hat of putting pants with Rollov (Stanley Adam's help was done by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatti" Arbuckle in one of Arbuckle 2 Reelers, GARAGE (1919). This was a clear example of his craft Buster knew we were shooting our world by camera, making is a two-dimensional picture. This one fact is at the bottom of so many black films. The actors were small and once again was full of veteran talent, and Stanley Adams was Rollo and served as a real Mr. Keaton, Jesse Vhite, old 'Maitag Repair Man', Gil Lamb, serene veteran of the RKO Short series he was a policeman from the 1890s, James Flavin, George E. Stone, Harry Fleer, Varren Parker and Milton Parsons circled all this. Without the bean leaf, let's just say, there is a lesson to be learned here, The grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence! "Then how is it," Be careful of what you are looking for, because you can only get it! "
