This is a smart episode of TVILIGHT ZONE that was more comical than strange or tragic. Buster Keaton is Voodor Mulligan, a 1890 American chef, working in the lab. He is constantly struggling with life's problems around him: meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb. Unusually!). He always shouts after crazy speeders (on bikes - cars have not yet appeared). Griping to the end, he sees the helmet as a device of a scientist, and puts it on and tries it. Suddenly it is in modern America. The beginning was seven minutes of silent film. Now it's all noise, all stories, all the guns, all the blows. Keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed, not for the better. He is at Stanley Adams, Professor Roll, who realizes that Mulligan is from c. 1890 (mentioned by President Cleveland). Rollo always wanted to live in that charming, peaceful era. Helps Mulligan repair his helmet and return to the past. Rollo gets bored after a while, due to the lack of scientific equipment he can use. Mulligan puts his helmet on and sends him to the future. But now Voodour is completely satisfied with the quiet, free years in which he lives. He found pleasure. In the last fifteen years, Buster Keaton has often been on television (many times for Alan Pound on CANDID CAMERA, where he could help set up public viewing tricks. He made several films (of which the most interesting was "The funny thing that happened on the way to the forum and the lane." But occasionally he appeared in television shows and episodes. He is here in his element, probably advising the director (old film director Norman McLeod, directed the brothers Mark in HORSE FEATHERS) on the tricks he could have in adi Watch Stanley Adams and he brings Adams to pick him up when he gets his pants he needs. As for time, he resembles one of the gags he made in films such as SHERLOCK JR. The show shows Keaton in a fine fetal for a man in the sixties. The appearance of Jesse Vhite (here as a servant of all things) is always welcome, but look at the little "Professor Rollo." Stanley Adams was a famous figure in films and television since the 1950s until his tragic suicide in 1977. FOR HEAVIVEIGHT (wants Anthony Kuinn to be a wrestler who wears a costume as an Indian). His most famous television show was a space merchant who introduced Starship Enterprise to STAR TREK in those furry, fertile little creatures of "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble Vith"). Adams was always worth watching (like Jesse Wyte, and certainly as Keaton), boosting most of the productions in which he appeared. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end to a first-class character.
