Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends up in jail for car breakdowns and has given him a plan for the perfect robbery of a life-long robber in jail; so he has to get out of jail, fast. He told his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who would make some money in prison. But nobody wants to do time for Cosim's crime, but it seems everyone knows the guy who will do it. Soon a bad boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) discovered the details of this so-called "perfect job". to all. This film is a remake of Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not watch the Italian original so I can not evaluate or compare these two films. But "Welcome to Colinwood" is a great comedy for yourself, about four people trying to rob money from a vault in one house. Everyone gave their part of the film's brightness. For these actors a really great movie: Sam Rockvell, Villiam H. Maci (big), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (Great), Luis Guzman, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Cloonei contributed to this project. Maybe I'm saying this movie is just a comedy, it's not fair. That's more than that. Because of one difference. All thieves in this film have very little desire when asked: what about their money? This is mainly to ensure their future in a very modest way. This fact goes beyond comedy in the soul of this criminal. And not only they, but also the policeman Babic, who was presented as corrupt; and here, the directors of Russo represent the fact that criminals and policemen are the same. Actually everything at Collinwood; and not just at Collinwood, cause all people to love money, in a legal or illegal way. I do not like all the movies eventually getting used to the crowd and cheering on thieves. But this is an exception. You have to love them all. Riley with her little baby and woman in prison. Toto with pants. Cosimo with his sentence: "Your mother is a whore!" and everyone else. They are like characters in my favorite comic book, Alan Ford. They all try to make some money, but they just do not have luck. But everybody did a good deed: they gave money to Riley, so that he could get a woman out of jail. They are all heroes in my eyes, provoked by many "honest" people.
