After I first watched the movie at 14, I remember being hit when I first heard the word 'shit' (sh * t) at the then-still-Soviet TV (I bet it was really * the first time in history) who wants to add this to the triviality section? :) ... What an open courage and freedom, I thought! As the years went by, I was more and more impressed with the film and incredible acting, but my feelings turned into a kind of mix of enjoyment from the real part of the cinema art and the bitter realization of the concept diametrically opposite to my 14-io. impression: helplessness. There is a film of inevitable disaster that appears during the film, a primitive degenerative tide (embodied by Sarik), which deletes the lives of the finest minds that promote humanity in their areas ... It is a great metaphor of the Russian Revolution in general, inspired by the intellectuals who cherish Their superiority and hoping that they will 'upgrade' the lower classes, just to free the power of mediocrity and swallow it ... An extremely fine and talented piece, wrapping up a genuine sad idea into a brilliantly sarious and elegant form. Symbolically, the film itself marked the end of the Soviet film tradition before the Hollywood tsunami broke down? for good, it seems, judging by most of the current Russian films (most of them labeled 'blockbusters' in the prediction of the trailer and posters :). Strangely, the 'shit' of the episode is not in contradiction to Efenstor's comment above the rude language of the present generation ... From what I have already said, it might seem that it could be a film that showed way for it, but it's not. Mild word according to current standards, then it was too rude, and sufficiently rude to show the true nature of all Šarikovci ... BTV, Efenster's sadness, it is a naive way to oppose an intellectual and primitive lexicon, especially for Russian speakers, where one Cocks could have meanings that take sentences in translation! But I regret that ALL meanings in today's teenage speech can be expressed with dickheads. I feel that this is a bigger problem than their choice of media that is most effective for the task :) Well, this movie and book are great food for thoughts that could change them, or anyone who could have the luxury to watch it.
