OK, here's how I do this. I evaluate films on 10 components. Each component will begin by itself with 5 points. Can lose or get 5 points for possible 10 or 0. Mood: Action, Romance, Comedy, Drama, Suspense - I give this component 10 points. It had the perfect balance of all five aspects. The action was fun and exiting. The romance was not overdone, but it was still very emotional and moving. Quietly and for a long time I laughed through the film, and yet I was enchanted by fantastic drama and the slander of uncertainty. Plot - I give this component 10 points. I thought all good fairy tales were already told. I found myself sitting in a theater, I returned to my childhood, and at that moment I again believed in unicorn, evil witches and stars falling dreams. Film Photography - I give this component 8 points. While the film shot the story very well at most angles, I found myself more than once trying to figure out what happened to the camera. FKS - this component gives 10 points. I like to use C.G.I. stingy. Epic scenes were convincing. The magical powers were terrifyingly realistic. Everything is all the less, and this was ALL! Cast - I give this component 10 points. Without names and experienced actors, the actors were incredible! Michelle Pfeiffer was beautiful, Charlie Coke made Tristan live, Claire Danes gave her emotions to the stars, and Robert De Niro will never see the same again. points. Even beginners actors played their role to perfection. Once again, I NEVER take a look, and Robert De Niro is the same. Character development - this component gives 9 points. This was a bit hurry and I think the movie could make the characters a bit better justice. Dialogue - this component gives 10 points. The dialogue was smart, funny, funny? even the pulp had a good dialogue. Result - I give this component 7 points. I can honestly remember only one small piece of music from the whole movie. I do not regret the fact that music might be more unforgettable. Completion - this component gives 9 points. Almost the perfect end! I feel that certain aspects of the ending should have been more pronounced, while others might have been more muffled, but not one topic remained unbounded. Total: 93% Buy DVD? HEL IES! Do you see him in the theater? Most likely! Bottom Line: An Excellent Movie for Everyone! EPIC! I recommend watching him in the theater, I know I'll be back for a second!
