This film (and yes, it's a movie - it's shot as a two-layer, but two parts fall together for more than 2 hours) is one of the unpainted masterpieces of world cinema. Very well-educated, and at the same time absolutely savage condemnation of the Soviet regime and the type of person who flourished under him, the film is a faithful adaptation of the long-banned book of the same name Mihail Bulgakov. The sets are impeccable, and the director has made a brilliant decision to shoot in the black and white sepia, adding a sense of authenticity, where the exhausted incarnation of the late 80's could ruin the film. I will not say much about the plot, which deserves to be discovered by myself, but the shows are the real Oscar material; E. Evstigneev, who deals with the old professor with such an presence, gravity and courtesy, to barely say or gesture to end the theft of every scene in which he is. Second, of course, is the Creature / Sarikov. , which is V. Tolokonnikov played a horrific perfection, it's far more terrifying than Hannibal Lekter's character, because not only does he exist in real life - entire countries are guided by men like him through history, with all that is happening. Although it is sociological political allegory, it is worth mentioning that the film is also full of humor, although it is still - there are many open comedies that did not make me so much as much as this film. Moreover, when laughing at this film, the feeling is not only in the joy, but also in understanding and consent, which is always a plus. There is hardly a complaint I have with this movie - the only small drawback is the tone of intellectual / bourgeois snobbery that I have sometimes captured from "enlightened" characters. But it's a little confusion. Unfortunately, this movie seems to have been circumvented by Western licensing companies. It's a shame that one of the best movies that is going on there is unheard and untranslated (which should not be incredibly difficult - although all cultural references and revolutionary terminology will necessarily disappear in translation, the main themes of the film should be available to everyone). While we wait with the crossed fingers for the Criterion Edition, I'm thinking of creating English subtitles. You'll see how it works.
