I had a morbid fascination with tornadoes for more than 40 years, because my fifth grade teacher, the original Texan, talked about the stories he had seen in his youth. Fortunately, I live my life in Central Atlantic states, where tornadoes are rare and usually not as violent as those in the Middle West, but I had two close encounters, one in the PA and the other in NJ, in the last decade. I enjoyed the family scenes, especially in the conflicts between Jack and Hat. When the tornado was close, Dan knew most of what he had to do, and he probably learned it at school because I know that tornado safety is an important topic in parts of the United States where these storms are more frequent. However, the characters in the movie have done two things that some people think should be done or are safe for tornadoes, but they should not actually work or are uncertain. When the first siren sounded Dan and Arthur went through the house and opened the windows. For years, this has been told people to work, but tornados security websites now advise that this is not done. Also, people were hidden in the subway of the highway. This method became popular in the early nineteen videos of the crew T.V. during a relatively poor tornado in Kansas. However, in the toughest tornadoes, people can be sucked out of these underpants. This happened during the outbreak in May 1999 in Oklahoma. Tornadoes in this film hit the fall, which is not the usual time for them. (Then again, one of my close encounters happened at the end of September.) Also, they traveled from the northwest to the southeast, while most of these storms in the northern hemisphere are heading from the southwest to the northeast. However, this is not so unusual. The famous tornado that hit Joliet, IL, traveled in that direction in the early nineties (as well as the one that was involved in my other close encounter). I think the film should have been set to spring. . This film is based on a book that in turn was based on a real event that occurred on June 3, 1980.
