Stardust Another Guarded Reviev (originally written June 15, 2007) The marketing machine has just begun for this (there are no more seats? Vth?), So I doubt most of you heard about it. Actually, neither did I (somehow). When I got the message, I thought it was another code name and actually I was worried that it was Transformers, one of the movies I want to see when I'm not working, so I'm 100% a normal mortal. It turns out that Transformers and I have not been aware of it since the film 'Neil Gaiman'. What it is? In short, it's Gaiman's fairy tale about a boy and a failed star. Anything more than that, and I would give information about the land that is (a) a breach of contract, and (b) spoils your entertainment. If you really want to know what it's all about, go buy a book. It is said that Gaiman could be a writer. Ignorance of what to expect in a movie can be so comfortable if the surprise is worth it. And for this, it's safe. This projection was "special" in that it involved not only film critics, but also exhibitors (rarely have mixed views) and local sci-fi / fantasy people. So, you know the expected audience, right? I mean, with this audience and the title of Stardust, I knew what to expect. O, how cute I missed it. Yes, it's a fairy tale written by an author known in the comics. But it was not Lord of the Rings. It was not even one Lord of the Rings that could deal with (Ahem, Eragon). It was much more intimate than all that. But, like Lord of the Rings, it was, well, the humanism of a movie that sells fantastic qualities. It is certainly a romantic story, but with generous humorous pleasures. And that humor is the kind of gravel it is. It's more dramatic than comedy. Before I continue, let's make this film review. The act is at least good. It's always hard to say more about fantasy movies, but I believe there were significant top-notch roles. Michelle Pfieffer is not, unfortunately, one of them. She plays the bad guy, and she does her job. Nothing special. Rupert Everett, however, was a real jerk. It's a big bad guy. Peter O'Toole is, well, Peter O'Toole - who is beautiful. Ricki Gervais is perfectly thrown and shows why. Robert De Niro looked like he was having too much fun. However, when he wanted to deliver goods, he did it. And Charlie Cock (who?) As the main character was a good surprise to the guy I never heard of. Claire Today. Claire Danes. Claire Danes. I've always been mixed with her. She can be great, and then she seems to miss her. In this, she is the first. And she, literally, is the star of this movie. Of course, its emphasis is stumbling here and there. And yes, it's not as good as it can be when Coke is not on the scene. Still ... look, yourself. Special effects are dimmed, but accomplished, and only significant where they should be. Another best flying boat - excuse Poter. The direction is light and flowing smoothly. Cinema could have been better, but not all movies in New Zealand. Everything else is an upper bracket. Now that this is done ... <br /> <br /> ... writing. Oh, writing! Neil, you the devil. It is difficult in today's climate to do anything original and, initially, you start to wonder. Kingdom, a dying king, a boy who proves his worth, witches, ghosts, quest (or three) - what's new? But Gaiman's story attracts you with its superficial knowledge only to undermine everything in a sweet original story about a boy and his heart. And, although you suspect that everything will turn out, you begin to wonder in the third act, and - if you are - you find yourself drawn into an exciting climate challenge and hoping for the best. In the end you will find this story, this film is what all fairy tales should be, but they are not too often. Fantastic and real. (I'd like to be able to talk about Septimus against Tristan, but I will not ruin it. For those who read the book, be sure, that's right.)> Those I talked to after that they had the same impression as me. A great movie for all ages to enjoy, and a new {VITHHELD} for this generation. Emptiness is filled only after the film is in a wide release, because, perhaps, you expect it. You'll know when you get out. I sincerely hope that Stardust is not lost among the tentpoles. Even if this happens, it will be my pleasure to push everyone I know. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> /> Late several years, but ... "Excellent film for all ages, and the new PRINCESS BRIDE for this generation. " It may be a little sublime estimate, but I'm still sure that it will now form the year, it will be the same "Oh, I love this movie," the answer to this as it is now for The Princess Bride.
