Okay, after I read a few comments on Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clarify some misunderstanding that it was directly torn away from Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water. The only part Nadia attacked was that the necklace from Nadia and the Atlantean pendant had so many similarities in terms of how it was used, the origin, and how it originated from the source of life that there was no doubt that it was copied. If you want to consider how Kida and Nadia are dressed the same way, then you can put it on Disney (It was a little strange for Nadia and Kid to wear bikini-style clothes in the adventurous sci-fi, not to mention that both are moving similarly). As an anime fan I have to agree that there is some degree of copying, but it's only on small details and although many of the ideas are not genuine (such as the design of encryption on the wall in Laputa, the ancient mask of the Princess Mononoke, the similarity of the vehicle to the Garfish submarine in Nadia, etc.) ... the plot itself I believe is very original and it is quite incredible that Disney can carry it out without the use of Captain No (the main figure in 20,000 Leyla's Jules Verne under the Sea, which is also the main character in Nadi. As for Mile and Jean wearing glasses of similar style ... Like what is shown in the novel "The Lord of the Flies," the glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Milo, Jean, the main character of Stargate and a dozen other "intelligent" characters will appear somewhat incompetent for the role if they enter without glasses. how the submarines fight (with those wide torpedoes that really resemble Nautilius), I want to say that this is a mandatory element for one of them if Atlantis is involved in the plot (after all it is a submerged city) below the water). As for the crew with some characteristic similarity with the Nautilus crew in Nadia, it may be an artwork, but I do not feel any copyright infringement because the characters of the character were perfectly original to me. As a fan anime that Nadu rated as the best anime I've ever seen today. I have doubts about Atlantis when I first saw a video review. But now that I've watched the film, I regained my confidence with Disney and I hope that after Atlantis there will be future movies. All in all, the best Disney movie, without trembling with the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie, and it's a plus that they've revised their raw scripts to make them even better. Also, it's amazing that they actually portray bad guys that look normal, and that they are not too bad at first (I was wondering who the bad guys are and just a blonde girl looks like a bad character in terms of how Disney draws it, otherwise it makes the bad guys they look really scary)
