The film "Atlantis: The Lost Empire" is a brilliant gem in the ruins of movies that was recently produced by Disnei Studios. Parents who had to sit through the "Book of the Jungle 2" or even the Pokemon movie will surely appreciate this. The film is one of the few who tries to test the original story; previous feature films were only the stories of existing stories. Movies like "Toi Story", "Finding Nemo" and "Monsters Inc." everyone is doing the same, but it must be noted that everything was made by Picard and distributed only by Disney. The latest films from Disney Studios are mostly broadcast directly on the video and represent the continuation of an existing successful movie. The quality of these films is ceded to profitability. The new era began with "Atlantis" which was followed by "Mulan", "Lilo & Stitch", and recently "Open Range". The writers created all original stories instead of fairy tales from the past. A good part of the film is dedicated to the quest for Atlantis, a task that captivated the imagination of many for hundreds of years. Including the young Mile Thatch, who was pronounced by Michael J. Fok. Milo is employed at a museum in Washington DC. His grandfather was a famous archaeologist who devoted his life to the discovery of Atlantis. His peers considered this as a waste and wanted Milo not to follow his footsteps. After failing to convince the museum director board to sponsor his expedition, Milo comes home to find a woman in his darkened apartment. She leads him to his employer, Mr. Whitmore. Vhitmore was close to Milo's grandfather and wants to send Milo with a team to find Atlantis. Mr. Witmore is very rich and he paid the best of everything. The crew to follow it is the same as his grandfathers. The journey is filled with many great obstacles to be overcome and it's very fun to watch. The spectator finds himself caught if he comes to Atlantis. The action takes place unexpectedly after the discovery of Atlantis, and not just the discovery of people. It's enough to keep the interest of an older audience. The animators have done a wonderful job in that depth of animation. The film is very successful in mixing traditional animation with computer-generated images. The feat is not easy to accomplish, most people quickly notice the difference in these two. The characters are probably human. There are some nice scenes with hunters, with lots of actions that are happening. A few slack is filled with scarves that children simply can not get. Creativity writers really shine. The culture of Atlantis is richly developed, including the whole language. The film uses references to Atlantis from historical sources, such as Plato. Explaining the disappearance of Atlantis from the world. It is believed, if the younger audience, that magic really exists. The forces of the people of Atlantis are not exactly represented as magic, but can best be described in this way. Although the level of technology used in 1914 is unrealistic. The trip is in a submarine that resembles the Nautilus Nautilus captain Nemo, along with the sub-chopped torpedoes. Gigantic diggers were driven by steam boilers, so they tried for some technology. Women's characters have been strengthened in a way that women of that time would not be, even if they had a role in leadership. This is not a bad thing. This gives a good role for my daughter to watch, not all male actors. ever. The tradition that began with the first feature film "Snow White", and continued to "The King of the Lions," almost every Disney movie is full of positive songs. This is great and everything, what would the Seven Dwarves be without "Hi HO!"? After a million times, it would almost have been better without, but this saves the parents. No person on the screen suddenly knows the words of a song that no one has ever heard before and broke into the song. One is grateful. The story and depth of animation will surely keep the attention of both parents and children. It's a movie that I am willing to constantly watch with my children.
