Disney, the name of a movie that once represented everything innocent and perfect for all ages, has finally begun to realize that survival should become more diverse. This diversity is very obvious in the last few years. Films such as "Tarzan" and "Imperial New Groove" have tried to move away from the traditional routine of Disney's past and the new, unknown territory. "Atlantis" is the deadliest step, but we must remember: This is STILL Disney. The first serious film that came out of Disney's animation studio is a great success for them - in fact, it's so serious that it turns into a PG area. Perhaps why many families were scared to see him last summer. But in spite of the matured topic, this is still a film that Disney wanted to attract in families with, not just mature. so the plot had to be easy enough to understand the children, but interesting enough to take it out of the domain "Little Mermaid" and others. So, what we get is actually a potentially detailed action, unfortunately suffered a blow to thicken into a 96-minute film. After all, this is an action movie about Atlantis, not the preceding exposure, so we went through the first half an hour with as many sequences as possible bombing the screen as possible without loss of coherence. Stop the disbelief about how characters quickly cross from point A to point B, it's unlikely you'll find an animated movie that comes out of Hollywood in detail! If you want the epic levels of detail in the plot, contact the "Titanic" James Cameron. Both films show the boat in some way. Let's talk about love, shall we? Yes, as with many films, the main man (one Milo Thatch, a messy archaeologist) and a leading woman (Kida, the Clichy Atlantic Princess) will fall in love with one another. But what I found was not clichéped as I expected. Once the film is finished, once, the touch / feel / kissing sequences are far more dimmed. There are different points in the film that attract appeal, but it's not just in the field, for example, "Little Mermaid" (a good thing). You may have realized that this is a pre-cliched movie. Right. You have your leading hero and heroine, supported by more than half a dozen crew members who go on an expedition, and everyone gets their moments during the movie. A number of other characters appear, take a few minutes of screints, and then disappear. Does not need a genius for mathematics? A 96-minute film with a focus on action and visual effects, and with a significant role, it takes very little time to expand the characters to any greater extent. Then what does it relate to? Clichés, and many of them. Every character emulates something that has been done a thousand times before. You have an unusual scientist, an attractive princess, a colonel with a square fork, a rich eccentric, a maniac blind, a Russian femme fatale? Do I have to go further? I do not know why this came to anyone? I found the nature of this movie quite fun. All right, this should be a serious blow, but do you really expect Disney to give up every single feature of their history? At least the writers tried to come up with a consistent, witty dialogue, and sometimes even a little inspired. But at the end are those great amazing images that put on the cream on this cake. CGI animation is truly incredible in places, and does not confuse characters, which was a drawback in which the recent "Titan A.E." dovn. Speaking of characters, Disney hired artists outside the comic strip industry to create designs, bringing the film into an anime style. A visual presentation of the film as a whole owes much anime, much more than any previous Disney tour. This resulted in a conflict with the fans of the Japanese anime "Nadia", due to the overall similarity of the film with the aforementioned series of cartoons. I do not see this anime, I can not comment. With the picture there is a sound. Garry Ridstrom is leading a sound team and what a soundtrack it is! From the opening of the video, the sound scene is lively and delicious. James Newton Howard treats us as dynamic music, which compliments the film in every way, never sounds in place and always helps to build tension or to cope. Perhaps I missed what the creators intended. For me, the movie reports that this is an adventure driving excitement, though with a serious tone than any Disney movie before it. If you do not like the cliché-in-the-face, then the effort that flows into the visions may delight. Curse, at least mythology is much more correct than it can be said about other Disneys efforts (* cough * Herkules * cough *). This is a positive, 10 out of 10 reviews, from someone was thrilled with this movie. I always suspended disbelief with any animated film? After all, the laws of the real world are more often than not broken in a cartoon medium. So get back, enjoy driving, and maybe everyone can find something to enjoy in this movie.
