Men of Honor of the star Cuba Gooding Jr., as the real naval diver Carl Brashear who defied the men's navy to become the first Afro-American. Sometimes on his side, and sometimes on his opponent, there was one man whom Carl Brashear really admired. His name was Chief Billi Sundai (Robert DeNiro). Sunday, in many ways, she pushed, made it harder and helped Carla to become the man she wanted to be. I loved Cuba in this movie. His portrait is here liberating and powerful as Denzel Washington is in the hurricane. Through each scene we can see his passion, motivation and stubbornness in order to realize his dream. We can see the fight inside him as he moves to make his father proud. I also loved the director creating and bringing a lot of tension in some of the key dive scores. Brashear's meeting with a submarine during a rescue mission is a heart and brilliant. The only mistake I could see was to lie in a support mold. The characters of Cuba and De Niro are very intricate and exciting to watch. What makes you a little sad when you have to head with such two-dimensional auxiliary characters. The evil lieutenant Cmdr. Hanks, Charlize Theron, an eccentric colonel of the diving school (Hal Holbrook) and Cube's love interest are characters for which I have not found much depth. What made these characters more significant and more efficient was a little more time for their development. Why was that Colonel always been in his tower? How come the Sunday woman was so bitter and always drunk? Another interesting question must be this. What happened to Carl Brashear's wedding? I mean, if this film records the life of this man, would not his wedding be an important event? Maybe I'm just me. The people of honor, however, are the perfect example of triumph and faith that the human spirit encompasses. This film will inspire you and feel the fight of this man. What I believe is the reason for this powerful story. My hat was given to you by Carl Brashear. I really admire your strength. <br /> <br />
