Movies about military training become so common that they become a genre for themselves. Among the most prominent we have are: "Officer and Mister", "Top Gun", "GI Jane", and now "Men of Honor". The fact that this was true does not change the fact that the formula is the same. This film is probably best known as 'GI Jane' because it focuses on the angle of desegregation. The story is actually quite inspiring and probably the best human story among the mentioned. Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) Is undoubtedly a man of great courage and principles, and his character's power is brilliant in this film. Unfortunately, director George Tilman has a vision of the tunnel in representing characters and avoids the development of the characters of different characters except Brasara in favor of showing the Bandara in a constant state of misery. Billi Sundai (Robert De Niro) is a central figure, and we do not know much about him except for the opening scene, fighting for fists and several scenes with his wife. For example, Brashear sees scars on the palms on Sunday and we assume he worked on the plow, but there are no further activities. Mr. Pappi (Hal Holbrook) gets only one short scene that we can judge him. The rest of his screen shows him walking around and wandering. If the director will make a story about the human interest, he should humanize the characters. Cuba Gooding Jr. It gives an outstanding performance like Brashear. This is probably the best I've seen. This is a role and character that is far more complete than any of the pieces that he played before, and he takes on this opportunity. In 'Jerry Maguire', Rod Tidvell was a fascinating but one-dimensional figure with a depth of puddle for the rain. Brashear is much more complex and well-founded, and the issues it faces are life's crises, which makes it more challenging. This is an excellent recovery from Gooding's latest role in the film 'Chill Factor', a film that was so horrible that it was an act of professional suicide. ('Analize This', 'Adventures of Rocki & Bullvinkle', 'Meet Parents'), Robert DeNiro returned to his dramatic roots with extraordinary performance. DeNiro is not a bad comedian, he is a very great drama actor who seems to be losing his time on comedy. DeNiro assigns Billy Sundai a hard personality who is troubled by the soul he is torturing. It's a pleasure to watch him do it. It seems that every movie I watch lately has Charlize Theron in me. I've seen the 'Legend of Bagger Vance', 'People of Honor' and 'Jarde' in line, and I began to wonder if she had a role in each film in 2000 (in fact, only five). It was a small role for Theron, but she wore it well and managed to stay with De Niro step by step. David Keith, who played with Richard Gere in 'Officer and a Gentleman', has a kameya here. DVD has some interesting features, including the reflection of the real Carla Brasheara and some erased scenes. I enjoyed this film despite hacked action and a one-dimensional presentation. I rated it 7/10. I am a tease for stories of loss and I have a propensity for stories in which the power of character is a central theme. This film is particularly strong in both areas and brings us two unforgettable acting performances that compensate for some of the flaws.
