After looking at two of his quiet short films, "Elena and her men" (1956) was my first feature film by French director Jean Renoir, and I enjoyed it. However, I did not watch a movie for Renoir, but for Ingrid Bergman, who? at the age of 41? still radiates with unmatched beauty, elegance and charm. During the early 1950s, after his scandalous marriage with Italian Robert Rossellini, Bergman temporarily fell out of public sympathy. Their five films, directed by her husband, failed in the United States, and I assume that Renoir's latest edition did little to improve Bergman's popularity with an English-speaking audience [however, she regained her former success with Oscar of the year 'Anastasia 1956) '}. She plays Elena Sokoroska, a Polish princess who sees herself as a kind of guardian angel, bringing success and recognition to promising people everywhere, before leaving them immediately. As she worked her lucky charms to help the political aspirations of eminent General Francois Rollan (Jean Marais), she found herself in love for which she would not be able to leave. This vaguely-political film works well either as a satire or as a romantic comedy, until you understand it too seriously; It's a purely carefree romantic hair. Taken in lively Technicolor, 'Elena and her men' look great, like a bustle of bright colors, characters and costumes. Bergman's Polish princess is dreamy and somewhat self-satisfied, not in an uncomfortable way, but hardly a woman of high principles and convictions. She is persuaded by a team of relentless government conspirators to convince General Rolland to carry out a coup by consciously exploiting her love for her to satisfy her own misconceptions as an "angel guard." Perhaps the film is the only legitimate character of Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then husband Audrey Hepburn), who ignores the selfish secondary motives of all others and persecute Ellen for love and love. This, Renoir says proudly, is what the French really do best. "Elena and her men" are also trying, with moderate success, to unravel the superficiality of French upper classes, through the clumsy conversation of Eugene (Jackues Jouanneau), who can not make love with her mistress without having his fiancée come to them. For these sequences, Renoir obviously tried to get the humor you found in the Marx brothers movie, but the film is so relaxed and relaxed that energy is simply not there.
