How in Paradise WARNING FOR SPOILER) This was a great human drama that stimulated my emotions and my imagination. This is a parable that restores Christ's life and death. Daniel is a top gifted musician, who is physically and mentally exhausted by his career, and has to give up. When he joins the church chorus as his chant, he brings transformation into the lives of the singer, just as Jesus did to society in Palestine of the first century. They laugh, they start to speak openly and honestly to one another, their mistakes are exposed, they accept each other, they love themselves, they become a vital community. They include a mentally disturbed young man (Tore), such is their priest. Pastor Stig enjoyed the authority by imposing a humiliating morale at a gathering, which was gradually rejected by singers. When Stig dismisses Daniel, there is a riot, and Stig is broken. The stigma represents the Jewish authorities of the day of Jesus, whose insistence on obedience to the Jewish law gave a strong contrast to the new life according to the "golden rule" that Jesus brought. In one dramatic scene, someone declares that "the church has invented sin". Everything through the film has a contrast between moral-ism and vital life (beings). In accordance with Christ's story, Daniel is killed by Konya, when he strikes him, leaving him to drown in the river. The next scene, we can hardly believe when Daniel's (resurrected!) Body is dragged into his room (a tomb), painted in a white linen sheet (canvas!), By three women (three women were at the foot of the cross) in the Gospel ). Daniel is closely associated with Lena, a warm, beautiful young woman who has been betrayed by a man she loved and who is now promiscuous (Jesus developed a close relationship with Mary Magdalen-Len, who was probably a courtesan / prostitute high class. Through Lena, Daniel teaches that he loves something that he longed for, and now he finds fulfillment. The solo that Gabriel sings, composed by Daniel, is to live a full life, in contrast of moral correctness that leads to worry about sin, which is right and wrong. The final scene shows h r singing / humming in harmony, like a mantra, drawing in large audiences, illustrating harmony and interconnectedness that is our true human destiny.
