The famous conductor of the orchestra, Daniel Dareus, suffers from a heart attack when he concludes with a concert. Suddenly, we look at him when he arrives in a small town he left a few years ago. Having gone so young, and by changing his name, he is contributed by a new personality. He bought the old school building in which he plans to stay. Buildings need a lot of work. One could expect a man in his position to have all the comfort of the world that he left to be installed in his new home, but no, Daniel faces a sharp winter in his own way. Local pastor Stig, whose church has a small choir, invites him to see if he can be interested in Daniel for help, but the conductor does not want to return to music. Daniel begins to explore his new universe. People from the city leave him alone. He gives an impression to Lena, who works in a local store where she goes to food stalls. Little by little, he comes in and decides to join the choir. Lena will eventually fall in love with Daniel. Initially, the relationship between Daniel and the members of the choir is not exactly what he expected. As they get to know him better, they come to accept him and make him one of them. His new position does not appreciate the woman who was in charge. Members of the choir are a diverse team, but they understand the change Daniel made in the way different interpretations are interpreted. The new work compiled for Gabrielle, a beaten woman, has a great impact on her life and the lives of her fellow singers. The Vikar suddenly begins to see Daniel in a new light; He is a tormented man who likes to read pornographic magazines before making love with his wife, Gray. His ideas conflict with the dogma, as Gray points out to him. Stig decides to try to stop what he considers unhealthy by Daniel's influence by firing him as the head of the choir. . Daniel, who has completely fallen to Lena so far, has the opportunity to show his feelings for her for the first time in her life when she begins to doubt their relationship. Daniel, who is late on his own concert, hears them making unusual music, although not among them. Target. The story involves the viewer from the beginning. Much of the success of the film goes to the composition of the ensemble that has been composed. Villiam Nikvist, who plays the lead role, is the best excuse for watching a movie. Frida Hallgren, Niklas Falk, Ilva Loof, work perfectly for Mr. Pollack. Stefan Nilsson is the composer of most of the wonderful music we hear. Harald Gunar Paalgard's cinema makes a movie with a movie that better looks at different viewers in its beauty.
