First, I really enjoyed this film and its message, which is to dare to live completely. Very poetic, with warm and entertaining and sad scenes, very lively, it was my pleasure to watch. Here are my "exceptions": The movie was too long and at some point, he added more and more additional conflicts so he started losing his main story. I do not agree, however, with yet another comment that it is unrealistic to have so many people with "weird" problems in such a small village. I think this is absolutely real! Everywhere there are incredible drama, we just do not know that about people we meet just superficially. I did not like the end, which was so burdened by the symbolism and extremely forced. He left a bad taste because he was too much. I did not like the fact that in the group dramatically mentioned so many big questions (when some accused others in front of everyone of the main things, people would only "get rid" to tell everyone in such a personal way, even if these people are the group with whom cooperates closely). And: Defending is the most powerful instinct of human beings. Why, on earth, Daniel would allow himself to be beaten and never defended, even to defend himself? I think he was not weak, he could at least try to defend himself when he was attacked, but he just drove me to see him do nothing. It was as if the narrator tried to forcefully transmit a message such as "violence is not needed," but the way he chose it was not good. I am also against violence, but the character loses credibility when he remains motionless despite all the attacks. And: Gabriella ... why would a woman who spent years with a man who was beating go to that man when he was arrested and said: "I do not want you any harm. You have just done the best you could, just like us all. Oh, really, this has ruined it so much! Will she be a saint or something? It would be normal to be bitter, but not so nearly "holy" and therefore not human. Was her work with Daniel and music so great that she forgot everything that happened to her? Come on, please. So this was a bad time. Still, I still think this is a wonderful movie in the whole Which is amazing enough, given my discomfort with a few things. Look !! ;-) "
