Famous international conductor Daniel Dareus (Michael Nikvist) has a heart attack with his tense professional life and breaks his successful career with early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in northern Sweden, where his mother left when he was a seven-year-old boy who was mistreated by Connie and other schoolmates to live a low pace life. He is buying an old school and is invited to participate in the church choir by local Shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk), but the reluctant and shy Daniel denies the principle. However, he connects with the community and feels attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past with a local doctor. His music opens the hearts of the members of the choir, influencing their everyday life: the slow Tore (Andre Sjoberg) has the opportunity to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), Stig's wife, frees her suppressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjoholm) takes an attitude toward her violent and violent husband; the gossip and frustrated Siv (Ilva Loof) opens their heart against Lena; fat Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) is crying enough against the joke of businessman Arne (Lennart Jahkel); Even Daniel begins to love people and Lena as the love of his life. When invited to participate in an important competition in Vienna, Daniel finds his music opening the heart of the people who realize his dream. "With Som and Himmelen" is a touching and sensitive film, with a very nice story. It is impressive that the director Kai Pollak and scriptwriters have managed to develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes time. The performances are superb, supported by magnificent music scores and at least two terrible moments: when Gabrielle sings his song at the concert, and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the audience, the jury and everyone involved in the melody, and Daniel's dream has come true. As in "Theorems," an alien changes lives, not just families, but also conservative communities. Further, like many European films, an open conclusion suggests that Daniel actually died, at least in my interpretation, of achieving peace with the success of his music. My eyes dipped into these two scenes. My voice is nine. Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraiso" ("Life in Paradise")
