My expectations were quite high for this movie. Everyone I know, who watched this movie in the cinema, told me that everyone was there, because they were so touched. My expectations could not have been higher, nothing less than wonderful would disappoint me. I was anyway, but I was not disappointed with this film. I loved dealing with difficult issues without going through the usual steps that Hollywood film involves. In this film, characters worked through problems that they had for decades, worked through prejudices, and learned to open. But it was not easy, not just singing one or two songs. It was painful, we took the arguments, they took confrontations. I felt like real life. One scene that really messed up was the scene Gabriella sang her song. Helen Sjoholm is one of my favorite singers, her voice is wonderful, and it could be said that it was not just the synchronization of lips with previous recording during shooting (which I often find in other films), she really sang with her whole body and soul. You could feel what Gabriella felt in that scene. Had this film been shot in Hollywood, her song would most likely be sung to the end, and that would make her husband open her eyes and see the mistake in her paths, and the rest of the people in the village realize something. or two. Instead, he came halfway and did not make any decisions. Her husband was not overwhelmed and understood what she was going through, and it seemed that she did not seem to be more open to anyone in the village. It was wonderful, clean and touching, but it did not solve all its problems magically. That really seemed to me, that's probably what would happen in real life. The whole film seemed to me like real life, nothing neatly wrapped, but everything with a sense of joy and happiness. You can rarely find a movie that's so real. There were a few things that tortured me, but hey, no movie is perfect. If you have not already had to go see "Like in Paradise" and be filled with joy for life, a feeling of hope and a feeling that you have been touched on a level they rarely reach. You will be sad, sick, happy, and fuss of other emotions. Someone once said that if every person in the world sings in the choir, there will be no more wars. Looking at this movie, I may have to agree.
