Kai Pollakov drunk from 2004 With som and Himmelen / As in heaven, every stereotype of Swedish humankind and inhumanity still manages to be satisfied with the crowd. It contains abundant ammunition for cynical critics, continuity mismatches and interruptions of saccharin, but nevertheless manages to show the colors of life in a small community challenging. The film also runs a scale of proverbial messages about "finding your own voice" and "just for fear of it," without completely removing the cranny from the cranial throat. His success as a crowded pleasurable comes from two facts. First, small films about foreigners who bring a new life to rural Christian communities provide plenty of room for exposure to hypocrisy, while at the same time allowing repressed characters to get out of their shirts. That same year, with a similar Swedish breeze, Queen Sheva's Pearls did it, and the Babette Feast also comes to mind. Secondly, any movie about small communities dealing with the whole world will hit the human chord in our increasingly individual / self-centered and impersonal world. The structural similarity of this film with similar films such as The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and On Clear Dai shows his indebtedness to the formula. But this is the formula in which life is still in it, and it looks like people need movies about positive messages that evoke the feeling of the community almost in spite of themselves. The alien was burned by Maestro Daniel Dareus in search of self-rediscovery. The city that visits, or, to put it more simply, returns again, without the knowledge of the citizens, is the place of his childhood. It was ruthlessly mistreated by his colleagues here, allegedly because he was a sensitive musician without the desire to drive a truck. Here he assumes the work of the canary / horror, despite the usual suspicions of the artist and the outsider. The city, of course, is inhabited by a wide range of recognizable types whose characteristic arches can be predicted: broken hearts, blonde girls, so beautiful that it is almost light; mobile phone ringing local businessmen; a woman whose beauty is lost in the midst of domestic violence; A steel pastor and his less strict wife, which at first seems like Ingmar Bergman. There are also: jealous, restrained young (Gray) (check); a geriatric whose soul still sings (check); an elderly couple who could push the wishes of each other from the kindergarten (check); an obese person whose function is to indicate that we should not laugh and say 'fat' (check); an intellectually handicapped boy who proves he can sing a good "A" (check). However, Pollakov's film was not warm. It's redirecting from 'let's introduce ourselves in spite of the obstacles and sub-genre of the moral opposition. It contains violence and an end that could be a metaphor for dying after achieving creative nirvana. Violence in the movie is mainly a function of male anger and repression, but it never deepened into why the school bullying that grows up in a woman's fight is like that. Likewise, the little pastor so closely adheres to the moralistic, black-nosed super-Protestant stereotype, that his secret leniency in women's magazines is not surprising. His repression and hypocrisy are precisely here, increasingly unrelated to psychological reality. Perhaps the inexplicable photo of a young boy, perhaps a lost son, who once looked over his shoulder, keeps a secret. Perhaps these holes are editing functions, such as a few inconsistencies and inconsistencies that can be spotted, such as Gray's unexplained appearance in the choir (twice) after moral outbursts. In fact, none of the interference in the movie does not last long and it seems that everything is resolved inside the scene. Except in some unpleasant love scenes, the movie takes 127 minutes rarely, but there is a feeling that things are left on the floor of the cutting room. The film remains solid with three stars despite the holes that can be inserted into it. This is simply because in the world of technology-focused shifts and materialistic self-seeking, every view of the human community is, deep within, welcome to everyone, even to the cynical.
