This is a very impressive BBC-TV mini-series that is freely based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is actually several studies of certain characters in a story that last five hours. That is, to a large extent, an ensemble, where a large number of great British actors and actresses can show their talents. The real characters that are shown are really "types of people that we do not usually meet", people are so boring and innocent that it's hard for them to admire. For example, the main character is a young husband (one whose wife is missing) who has no job and no obvious interest in finding anything. He lives by the contributions of his parents. He was once in the army, but it seems that there is not even the slightest flick of any ambition or any interest in life other than a grant to his little family. It is played by David Oielovo, who is brilliant in that part, who appears as a completely sympathetic person, although his only activity is five hours of beloved and mournful, what he does superb so that he wants to comfort him, as he is obviously good guy. Exceptional performance of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Vilton, who behaves in circles around everyone else in the story. She's just incredible. She shows a very insensitive woman, really the only character in a story that is well known to everyone, which is irrational, hysterical, egoistic, dense, evil, blindly beloved and blindly hateful, an older idiot. Really, alas, we know them too well. Vilton is one of the best British actresses (see my review in 'Half Broken Things'). She takes a character that could be two-dimensional and makes it four-dimensional. It is well supported by the old professional Patrick Malahide, who plays his irritating husband, and the two set a high standard for all younger players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress when she is younger, has become a much less sympathetic person now that she is older, in some way crumbles and puts one, but she is being redeemed at later stages of the story showing that she is a great actress who can be when she has a chance to pull one from the most convincing and original drunken scenes I've ever seen on the movie. Great surprise is the mysterious character Sarah, actress Sarah Smart acted with great depth and originality. She takes a character who could be unbearably tired and transforms magical magic into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person, which we are tirelessly asking all five hours. So it's good to be in the end wondering about Sarah Smart, honestly. I suppose it happens when you really do your job, people are wondering where the character ends and the actress starts, if he knows himself, that is, and many do not. She has some deeply disturbing tricks with her eyes, swinging and telling us that she is unharmed, but we are not sure how and why, although we eventually found out that she had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. Her mastering of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is incredibly persuasive as an apparently hopeless man who lives with his mother and is not very ready, but turned out to have hidden depths. (I suppose that most people have hidden depths, but whether we want to type them, that's the question.) His mom is very well played by Margot Leicester. A great performance is given by Lucinda Drizek, who plays a defiant, disgusting teenager that we all fear to meet, but who at a crucial moment crashes into helpless tears and turns out pathetic, with all arrogance just posing. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's friend, and her younger half-brother and half-sister. Younger brothers and sisters can be very blurry like characters in the story (they seem unable to say anything special, they are hopeless witnesses of disappearance), with little to recommend them, but their sweet nature, but this is transmitted to the wonderful effect . Massei as a boy and Tyler Anthony as a girlfriend. Harriet Walter plays a small role, but we can not see her much, which is a shame, because she is so fine an actress that she was lost here. It could go on, but there must be a line drawn somewhere. The series manages to be extraordinarily fascinating due to the depth of the display of all these essentially uninteresting people caught in a network of intense anxiety and uncertainty.
