Nevertheless, the definitive program of the Second World War, the World in War is not only a long, but very informative one. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 minutes) and includes events that led and followed the war. Most of the episodes are about the war in Europe, and there are several episodes of the Pacific War. Other episodes include information about wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic and the domestic fronts of Germany, Great Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is an episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with an episode of New Germany (1933-1939) and talks about the rise of the Nazis in Germany and German territorial gains before the outbreak of war. The series ends with the Remember episode; the impact of the war in the postwar world. Remember that an appropriate episode ending this great program is a good one. Each episode begins with a short introduction, followed by introductory credits. Credits are accompanied by a strong musical theme. There are many music pieces in the series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The recording is fantastic, as well as the way it is compiled. In addition, some of the shots are in color. Included information also makes episodes unforgettable and entertaining. The series was produced by Jeremi Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). Made in 1969, it took four years to produce, as was the depth of its research. The series was told by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and most appreciated actors of the 20th century). The series interviewed leading members of the Allied and Akis campaign, including reports by civilians, soldiers, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stevart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMai, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sveenei, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremi Isaacs says in The Making of the World at Var, which asked to interview, did not necessarily survive great names, but their assistants and assistants. According to Isaacs, the most difficult to find and persuade to be interviewed was Adjuant Heinrich Himmler, Karl Volff. The latter acknowledged that they witnessed a large execution in Himmler's presence. The world in war is often considered the ultimate television history of the Second World War. Some consider it the best example of documentary form. On the list of the 100 largest British television programs produced by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted by industry professionals, The Vorld at Var is ranked 19th. The program has everything the viewer needs to know about the war. After watching several episodes, I so loved the series that I tried to watch the remaining episodes one by one. Some of them I saw several times. There are two great documentary series that I know can be interesting to the viewer. One is called the Great War (1964), which refers to the First World War. The other is called the Cold War (1998), which is obviously the Cold War.
