This is the first and only feature film by Paul F. Ryan. Since then, he did nothing. However, he managed to get an incredible ensemble to show the characters of his story. I do not know when or why this idea appeared in his head, but Ryan wrote a script that later became his own directing film, "Home room". Alicia, a problematic girl; those we always see in television series. With dark hair and black clothes; a pack of cigarettes in his pocket, a strange look and disturbing eyes (with makeup, of course). The event took place at her school; shooting. Some students died and saw everything. Now Detective Martin Van Zandt (Victor Garber) is investigating the case, and, as expected, Alicia is suspect. But shooting is just a genesis; It's not about shooting. Lying in bed in a hospital room, Deanna Cartvright (Erika Christensen). She is one of the survivors in the hospital. The scenario establishes a link between them, by the director of the school (James Pickens Jr). It helps all students recover from the event, but Alicia does not seem to care. She's isolated. So, the Director is punishing; she has to visit Dean every day for five hours. Then the movie starts. I can not even describe how it is beautifully written, I think it's a movie. I can identify with the characters and situations in which they live; I love reality. These things can happen to everyone. And the things they say are completely understandable. They grow up and try to cope with things they have not experienced; they are doing the best they can. Not knowing this, Alicia (when she first visits Deanne) and Deanne (when she sees Alicia standing in front of her) embark on a journey that will define their personality and ideas for the next step in life; After high school. The director leads Christensen and Philipps through their roles very well. See the contrast between them. Deanna looks naïve and with pure thought; in its head there is no complexity. When Alicia enters her room and sees a ton of flowers, she asks: "Who brought them?" "Many people," replied Deanna; although a few days later we learned that they were from her parents, who come every week. All parental figures are well represented, but not as important as their sons. Deanna is lonely. Alicia looks mature and violent; smoking cigarettes and talking roughly. But after two days of visits, she returns to the hospital every day; He even sleeps in Deann's room all night. When both fight afterwards, I believe Deanna says, "Why are you constantly returning?". Alicia is also lonely. The ending of the film, without ruining it, becomes somewhat disappointing; That's something I did not wait for. Removes some of the strengths the movie has. Revelation is completely unnecessary; destroying the logical peak that the movie could have. It was an excellent scenario anyway; and excellent direction. Damn good movie. When it comes to Erika Christensen, it was the role she needed to fly more. Her role in "Traffick" was impressive, but this was a big step; main role. Perhaps none of them had the opportunity to see it in this film, and that's a pity. Since then, she has not made one wrong move. She even came out with good performances in terrible movies. On the other hand, Busi Philipps, who proved to be very promising in this film (what kind of transformation), does not have many opportunities for other roles. <br /> The same I say for Paul F. Ryan (directed, cursed), and I expect him to sit in his computer now, finishing his new script; I am waiting for his next film. I hope it's best for all of them.
