The dark delivery of music and Laurence Olivier perfectly determined this extraordinary documentary. This still needs to be seen for World War II fans, descendants of the participants in this conflict, politicians who think things are always going their way when they expand their foreign policy over the deck of the aircraft carrier (did you hear that George Bush?) And anyone else curious or should know for whom and how to deal with some aspect of this conflict. 26 episodes are roughly chronological, but can be seen out of order as they are more or less independent. It is necessary that the new viewer gets a new insight for the extensive presentation. The current recordings of the battles are intertwined with the interviews of those involved in the stories. Many interviews with other line authorities, that is, support staff for the main characters, soldiers, captains, secretaries, eyewitnesses, and so on. You get the real taste of what is at stake in the war. Currently I'm watching the DVD version of the original television documentary. I strongly recommend this in relation to the worn-out, overcrowded, overestimated VHS offerings on the eBa. I paid $ 120 Cdn for five dual-layer DVDs. This new release includes bonus material and is in full-screen mode. The menus are easy to follow, the first choice from which episode you want to look at, and then after selecting, you are given a choice of different chapters in the episode or the entire episode episode. It is understandable with such a comprehensive presentation that there is a small amount of navigation in the menu, but the impact of what you will see will not be reduced after 30 years, not 60 years after the end of the war. <br /> <br /> <i> I remember seeing the first show on the Buffalo PBS station just before I moved out of London in 1975 and wanted to have a copy from then on. Now my wish has finally come true. See this documentary. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and challenges that go beyond those from America, Russia, Britain, Canada, and all other peoples and nations involved in the final victory. What an eye opener.
