This series, created in probably the most appropriate time after the World War II events, is on a scale of values ​​that stands far beyond the supposition of each individual to criticize. The world's production in the war in 1974, which was about three decades after the war, allows the exact connection of the event in a way that is not painted with residual propaganda and inclination. A thirty year pass allows the support to be supported by an impressive and fascinating group of individuals themselves involved, from some of the highest military and political figures to soldiers on the ground, civilians and survivors in death camps, and the rest is to testify to the unimaginable inhumanities that civilized people capable. Most of them are approaching or are in their senior years, respondents have had enough time to reflect on their experiences and in most cases they had enough time for any propaganda and glow that they could have in the past to retreat, leaving only memories of what they saw what they were doing. The information provided by these survivors, remarkably enhanced by the attitudes and expressions they show while they speak their part, give their stories more and more influence. Such names as Ira Eaker, Adolph Galland, Louis Mountbatten, Albert Speer, Gertrude Junge (Hitler's Personal Secretary) ... the list is too long to be able to connect. Today, during the life of the survivors of this huge lesson on the disgusting price of political ambitions, young people singing the same kind of militaristic and nationalistic war promotions have led to World War II. The DVD series we are talking about here should include the core of a compulsory historical subject in schools, that lessons purchased at such a terrible expense at that time should not be futile, but those who did not see first hand the terrible price take it into their hearts. I almost finished watching a set of 11 discs, watching most of the series when a local TV channel was broadcast for more than 10 years. He lost none of his touch to me, he really became even more magnificent chronicles of some of the darkest days of human times. The best possible rating looks unworthy to apply to this presentation. . I think the value of this series is beyond calculation.
