This interesting feature has a very nice story, pretty colorful characters and a very stable pace. it also includes the action with the "Reap the Vild Vind" plot, and since Cecil B. Deille said that his son-in-law, Anbthony Kuinn, directed this film from his preparations, which could hardly be a coincidence. works in both cases, I have to report. An unusual story tells the viewer that Barataria, an island run by Jean Lafitte, was built on piracy, but during the war of 1812, even before, he has always abstained from harassing US ships. Now General Andrew Jackson is charged with defending the nearby Nev Orleans with only 12,000 men against 60,000 British imperial red cats and 60 ships. Lafite's people want him to be on the side of a stronger force; he wants freedom and pardon for his people before he gives such a strategic destination to American forces. There are other factors that work in the story; pirate Bonnie Brovn and her father want to attack American ships and do so against Lafitte's orders, leaving a boy alive without knowing they missed an eyewitness. When his testimony finally comes out, Jackson can not approve what Lafitte asks; but Lafit still supports him, and fog, pirates and Jackson break up the British and go to any fate waiting for a man who had genius and statehood, but not wealth. The actress of this colorful and physically beautiful film is truly skilled. Iul Brinner has one of his best roles as a pirate king; Inger Stevens is beautiful; As the girl she loves, Charles Boier has many good lines as his advisor; the powerful Lorne Greene is rival, E.G. Governor Marshall, and Claire Bloom is charismatic like Bonnie Brovn. Other actors include Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as Jackson's Advisor, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley. The music of Elmer Bernstein is very memorable, and the script from 1938 was made just to refresh a bit. The great cinema was the work of veteran Odan Griggs, set of decorations were provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tiler, with set Sam Comer and Roi Moier decors and costumes Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manlei made complex hairstyles, and Valli Vestmore made a heavy makeup. The film contains a lot of good dialogue at an adventurous level and a very strong climate scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, ready to play the role of an older general, and then discovered that a man was young at the time of the battle; but he is often effective, gray or not, especially in exchange with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. This is an exciting and well-set party, which seems to be C.B. DeMille finished its production; It's a beautiful and almost fine movie.
