The last time I read the book Nanci Drev about twenty years ago, so my part of the memory of the fictional character is probably wrong. From what I collected, the books were presented to me at a time when teenagers were popular children who grew up at that time (in my case, the 80s and early 90s), with Hardy Bois, Famous Five, and of course, Nancy Drew of Carolina Keene is one of the most famous. I still remember these hard books with very dated illustrations on the front page, which were usually quite heavy (for a child) to drag around, and the thickness of the book may be attributed to the fact that words are printed in large fonts. <BR>> Well, the character got some news on the road, while I remember that they are the Nanci Drev's sister books became less thick, from soft paper, with the updated and chic Nancy illustrated on the cover. I can not remember whether these stories were the same as those of old, but I suppose that these books, since they are written in ghosts, have their opportunity to update for the time. In this edition of the Warner Brothers by Nancy Drew, the character undoubtedly gets his update to fit the times, but somehow writers Andrew Fleming and Tiffany Paulsen retained the sensitivity of 50 - Small towns, retaining some charm and taste i want to respect people like me. Her sense of fashion, her primacy and character, even some strange behavioral characteristics she does, well, Nancy Drew. Her family background remains more or less the same, living with her father single parents Carson Drev. (Tate Donovan), who moves his daughter and herself into a big city to get a better business opportunity, and to refuse his daughter from slitting in River Heights. Mom is just a souvenir, and the housekeeper makes a kamaja. But what made Nancy Drew work, is Emma Roberts's role as the main actor. The nephew of her famous Aunt Juliet, she also has vigorous behavior, that unmistakable red hair and that megawatt smile. Her Nanci Drev, while at first it seems to rub you in the wrong way, it will actually grow on you. And almost in what I thought could be a dismissed scenario from Nice Women, the characters entered a ritual shop with almost opposite reactions. As Daddy Carson Drew tries to pull Nancy out of her shock environment and assimilate into a normal teenage life, believe Nancy to live in a house owned by the Hollywood guy was found murdered under suspicious circumstances. Solving the mystery is her consoling food when found out from the local fraternity, and not soon we will be taken along with her to her great adventure on the screen. There is nothing too black Dahlia about crime and mystery, and instead, it's pretty easy for Nancy to solve, between friendship with Corky (Josh Flitter), bunny friend from school, and calming the jealous the boyfriend Ned (Mak Thieriot), hiding the truth about her activities in the extra-curricular program. Her dad. The story is intertwined with funny fun and the old sentimentality that fascinates, and together it becomes somewhat sombi-doo. With minimal violence and no large-bag sniff or explosion, this is a serious genre that is clearly marked with a "chick flick" warning. I assume that the film will generate a new generation of fans, replay the memories of the old ones, and probably, probably, can provoke a new fashion trend of sports tweezers.
