If my expectations were not exceeded, they were certainly fulfilled. "Nancy Drew" works both as a mystery and as a comedy. It honors the books on which it is based and at the same time lies it. The film begins with a big plan on the bookshelf and in the animated sequence of loan-like illustrations from books. Then he starts writing books immediately. It seems that writer / director Andrew Fleming understands that a teenager who, in the regular breakup of criminal circles in a small town, is ridiculous, so that he does not think the idea religiously. She is amused by the ability of Nanda Drew to do anything, as in any class at school, knows which baked delicacy is perfect for converting any enemies to her side, make a bird house with twelve flying counterparts, and even perform an emergency tracheotomy of the party. Nancy was always in perfect style, if she lived in the healthy 1950s instead of the present L.A. And it carries around the "sleuth kit" along with dust for fingerprints, flashlight, compass and magnifier. Of course, it's absurd, but it seems to me that I remember that Hardy Bois's approach was too convenient at any time and CSI equipment. And if a lively private look is a little younger than her literary colleague, it's just a comedy exaggeration of the film. Mystery film is treated more seriously. Nancy and her father's lawyer move from their little town in Los Angeles, where Nancy is drowning in a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood film star who lived in her new home a few decades ago. Nans are searching for traces in some pretty practical ways, such as surfing sites such as Google and this and watching old video cassettes of movie victims. When you do something more than an ordinary one, you have to admire the girl's resourcefulness. Emma Roberts, the undisputedly sweet child, loves amateur in size. It makes the perfect girl completely cute, if not quite real. Tate Donovan is also great as a sophisticated father of a girl, Carson Drev. He is an ideal figure of a father, and is not unrealistic perfect, and shows a reasonable concern for his daughter when in danger. It's less pleasant than Mak Thierot took Ned Nickerson, Nancy's boyfriend. I am much fond of showing George O'Hanlon Jr. in the 1970s television series, starring Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was an awkward, inconvenient little girl with a bit of a fall in love with Nancy. Lik Corky (Josh Flitti), a twelve-year-old with a sympathy for Nancy, is much less boring than Ned. Ami Bruckner and Kai Panabaker look like suitable actors like Nancy's Gal pals Bess and George, but they only make short cameos at the beginning of the movie. Talking about the cameos, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("Ocean's 13"), and Bruce Villis all are suddenly visiting, which only proves that you can never guess which Bruce Willis film will appear in the next one. The film does not meet some potential. It was mentioned early that the new Drevs house was heavily captured, but Nancy and her father ended up stumbling over traps a few minutes after that. Also, Nancy describes a case that will be investigated as an extravagant party murder that should be given to many potential killers, but is confronted with only a handful of suspects. And while there are some moments of real uncertainty during Nancy's adventures, the solution for the case comes from nowhere, and in the end all the possible topics of the plot are too tied and co-worried-who-did-it. The result of Ralph Salla increases the uncertainty of the film, but modern teenage songs wrapped in a soundtrack are lame. Still, I really enjoyed this movie, and although the film is primarily aimed at girls, people of any age and gender can enjoy them.
