"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful film of all time. And what is most moving can be the relationship between the reality and the art that the film deals with, which is directly inspired by Proust's "A la Recherche du temps perdu". Indeed, "La Maman et la putain" "and" In Search of Lost Time "obviously tell the same story: the one about the failure of love, which is repeated endlessly. The name of the first woman is always Gilberte, and the other The woman looks like twirling and deformed two Gilbertas: Veronica is like a "whore Gilberte", beautiful as the night, while Gilberte was clean and "beautiful as the day." After the failure of first love, another love begins, but this is as if it was already convicted Veronica takes the place of Gilbert, in the life of Alexander and in the film. She is gradually darkened, for the first time from time to time Time, Gilberte still comes when Alekandre waits Veronica, then completely. This shows that the same sad story repeats, the same "unfaithful woman", as Alexander says, which appears infinitely - and is unbelievable for Proust's higher point in love, which art that exists, but which also emphasizes its illusions. Art is what causes the passage between what is out there - the illusion of love - of what is inside, what is truth, and the teaching of that truth. For example, when Veronika notices the strange way Alekandre makes a bed, he replies that he saw it in the movie, and then that the film was "made for it, to learn how to live, how to make a bed". Alexander wants to live like in a movie, he wants his life to be art. This concept of art comes from Proust, with which Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "La Maman et la putain" struggles against the concept of art "principled political" - see, for example, an ironic overview of Alexander's political film. Like Proust says: "Art does not care about all these proclamations and only exists in silence." First of all, art is introspection. And that is the reason why realism or naturalism is rejected: art should transform the reality to exist. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism, which is a lie." That's why "La Maman et la putain" does not hide its skills, it emphasizes the way actors "say" your text: "The more you look artificial, the more you go," Eustache said. Eustache and Proust share this idea that the artist is a "translator" of the inner truth. But Alekandre did not succeed where Eustache succeeded. "La Maman et la putain" tells us that the failure of a character is what he really is. You can feel that the tragedy arises when you go on in the movie, which becomes the saddest thing. You can see it in the face of Alexander, who looks more and more like a living-dead. You can see this by the fact that the scenes become longer and that after a while nothing happens outside. At the end of the film, when you see Alekandrea, and Veronica asks if she is writing her life, you can assume that he is not, that even literature has failed. The end of the film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, broken by the weight of reality. And in this little sister's room, Alekandre looks more like Albertina than Marcel. To explain this failure, we can say that Alekandre Balzakov is a reader. In "Form and Significance," Jean Rousset explains that, in Proust's, the Balzac readers, who are Svann and Charlus, are not able to deal with any artistic creations, because they are stuck in reality, which is wrong with art. They see reality in art and "they are not aware of the transformations that necessarily exist between the life of the artist and his work, between reality and art." And that's precisely Alexandra. He argues, for example, that "he loves a woman for parallel reasons, for example, playing in Bresson." He is like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because he looks like Botichel's wife. "Life is not my call." That thought is really Eustache, who committed suicide, even if he said Alekandra. However, there is a difference between Alekandra and Eustache: if Eustache is absolutely Alekandre, Alekandre is like a double without art, a horrible vision of an artist who crystallizes his fears. Via Veronica at the end of the film, Alekandre was condemned to illusions. It's a death that reminds me of the latest film footage, in the face of Jean-Pierre Leaud, and in the endless package of Veronica. Or maybe it's a hell that describes an end, like in Sart's "Huit-Clot", and absolutely not like in the final release of "Le Temps retrouve". If Eustache read Prusta, Alekandre could never finish the book, always upset by life and Veronica when he tried to read it in his apartment or in cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is like an inverse double "In Search of Lost Times," which says that Alexander does not become an artist, while "A la Recherche du temps perdu" says Marcel becomes a writer (Genette). If, as Baudelaire says, the artist speaks "reality in the light of his dream," that's his nightmare that Eustache tells us in "La Maman et la putain".
