In what could be regarded as a shift toward a sexual "revolution" (I deliberately use quotes for this word), Jean Eustache wrote and directed the Mother and the Whore as a poetic, damn critic of those who can not get enough love. If there is a message to this film - and I hope that the message will come only after the fact that he can still offer this length of Ben-Hur - that is, that in order to love, honestly, there must be some level of happiness, true truth. Is it possible to have two lovers? Some may try, but what is the outcome if no one can really have what he really wants, or is he feeling he can even express what he wants? What is the truth in relations that Jean-Pierre Leaud has with the women around him? He is a twenty-year-old pseudo-intellectual, not with any apparent work and lives of his wife, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) a little older than him, and usually, if not always, his lover, his last possible affection Life left him, and then take the woman he sees on the street, Veronica (Francoise Lebrun), which may resemble her. Soon, what is happening is the most subtle love triangle ever set on film, where psychological wires are pulled out with the most cruel words and the least gestures. First of all we think that this could be everything that will happen to Alekandra, but we are wrong. Women are so important for this matter of love and sex that they have to be around, talk and continue to sink. We are told that it is part of a sexual revolution, in theory, if not fully in practice (maybe it was, I can not say that I was not alive in the period when I saw it first hand), that freedom has led to a lack of inhibition. But Eustache's point, if not full message, is that it's practically impossible to have it in both directions: you can not have people to love you and expect to get the pleasure of the final gathering that comes with "f *** ing", as the characters are constantly Repeat. The power of the mother and the whore with regard to the theme expressing this fear under promiscuity, the lack of monogamy, while stimulating the intellect in the dumbest conversation you've ever seen in the film. At the same time, we see a character like Alekandre, who probably likes to hear about whether it's a movie he saw or something bad from his past, Eustache does it so that the film is not pretentious - although it may seem like - but this is about pretentiousness, of what lies below those who hide their inner defects, what they need to use when they are in the very end in the morning. If you thought that movies were before Sunrise / Sunset, what you were talking about, then you did not get to know it. But how Eustache enjoys the dialogues that these characters have, sometimes trivial, or 'deep', or sexual, or honest, or sometimes extreme (or in a muted way) emotional, it's never, never uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who can not get enough good * talki film, it is remarkable. Although his style does not call for the courage that came with his predecessors in the nouvelle ambiguous ten years earlier, Eustache's new wave with characters, and then responds to them. This is realism with a spike of attitudes, with things that are timely destructive and sarcastic, rude and without shame in the expression. All three actors are so glued to their characters that we can never perceive them as a "fake" emotion, or in general in a melodrama. It's almost ABOUT well in naturalistic / realistic terms, but for Eustache's material there is no other way to get around it. Luckily, Leaud brings the crown of her career to this period, and both ladies, especially Labrun as the "whore" of Veronica (an assertion that she unbelievably denies at the height of the film in an uninterrupted frame). And, as another touch, the director will plunge into the silent moment of thought, the person who sits alone, listens to the record, and in contemplation or quiet agony. This is probably the biggest influence on Jim Jarmush, who devoted his film to Eustache and has a scene specially erected in full (and with love) in the late Parizan's approach. It's sad to say, before I saw Broken Flovers, I've never heard of Eustache or this movie, and the acquisition has become quite a challenge (not available on the American DVD, and on VHS rarely took several months to track in different libraries). Not one minute of that time was not futile; Mother and whore is a really great job, one of the best French dramatic connections, maybe even one of the brightest lucid people I've ever seen from the country in general. It's complicated, sweet, cold, absorbing, and it's very long, maybe too long. It is also satisfactory at a level that I would compare with the scenes from the marriage; genuine human discoveries continue to appear 35 years after the release of each film.
