Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) belongs to many of the leading French filmmakers today to the great unknown whose films are hard to find and have not been published on international DVDs. Since we have a good, old-fashioned video store in Tuson, I had the opportunity to watch this 3 1/2 hour marathon master work which is not boring in ten seconds. Since we are talking about this as one of the most widely discussed (and most controversial) films of all time, let me tell you my impression that the endless dialogue, originally typical of the early "Nouvelle Vague" Jackues Rivette or Alain Resne , almost funny in this movie. Dialogues are basically monologues, mostly the longest spoken by Jean-Pierre Leaud. The most characteristic feature is that the intersection of the speech of two people is almost zero. Leaud, or his character, Alekandre, is rejoicing to speak more about herself than the topics he seems to speak. Therefore, it is difficult to talk about communication in this movie. It is very possible that the director had in mind a huge satire against the uselessness of such fierce discussions of political and sociological ideas, but the type of man who Alekandre exists at all times, we find him already in Petron's "Satiron", the work has a great similarity with "Mother and whore ". Alekandre not only does nothing, he has already developed his own type of metaphysics about the absence of an act, at least acting in terms of accountability to the society of which he is a part. He ridiculed people running to work at 7 am in the morning when he was only busy with his last drink before he went to bed with one of his girls from whose money he lives. He is unable to pronounce a single sentence without specifying one of the leading thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre, which is quickly shown in the French intellectual cafe "Auk Deuk Magots", where Alekandre sits all day, must serve as an excuse for the way of life of Alexander and his colleagues, as they suffer from an existential crisis of bourgeois nausea. However, it seems that Alekander's intellectual speeches are rather pseudo-intellectual, and the words and quotes that he quotes seem to come from the quotation dictionaries rather than from his actual reading of these books. It is true: this film requires a very wide European knowledge, in particular knowledge of French existentialist philosophy and consequences for the movement of the student revolution, but if you have that knowledge, then you will enjoy 215 minutes of your life watching gazing at Television and crying with laughter as if you probably did not do it long ago.
