Jake Speed ​​is a movie that does not have one thing? charismatic lead. Unfortunately, this is something that really worsens the whole movie and it's a shame, because it's a hearty pleasing action movie with enough witty script and interesting, if implemented, premise. Although his genesis is likely to be traced to the success of Indiana Jones's trilogy ?? The movie actually plays a bit more like 'Romancing the Stone', though the other way round. He is not the author of romantic adventure fiction guided by an adventure of character that is very similar to one of her creations, but it is an adventurous figure (who accidentally reports on his adventures) leading a normal woman to one of his adventures. /> When a young woman disappears in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by attractive Karin Copins) is intertwined with hero Jake Vaughn (Vaine Cravford) and his assistant Dennis (Dennis Christopher) who both appear to be real and very flawed individuals in the adventure leading them to the heart of the civil war of a devastated African state and finally to the clutches of the two brothers, the tastefully evil of Sid (John Hurt) and his funny Brotherhood Brother Maurice (Roi London). Is this a complication? It's not a labyrinth and it's not complicated, but the story it's talking about does not require a lot of depth. Action sequences are attractive to begin with and it is certainly true that the heroic trio puts itself through its steps (whether caught in battles between power and rebel forces or have fallen into a full lava cave) and there are certainly some very funny lines. However, it seems that the film seems to be trying to find an end, and unfortunately the action sequences that are quite attractive for the beginning do not go anywhere and eventually become somewhat inconsequential and boring. This, however, may not have been such a question as to whether it was possible to love Jake Speed, but because of the performance of Vaine Cravford it is becoming increasingly difficult to really worry about what will happen. Now I do not know whether he has grown a little bit because he was both the producer and the writer of the film, or simply not a good actor (as I have not seen him yet), but he never realizes. as a stinking mix of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones, and Jack Colton. This is a disgrace because most other characters play their roles well? Karen Copins is funny and convincing and her character shares a nice joke with Jake (unfortunately she never convinces). Dennis Christopher is perfect as an archetypal assistant and John Hurt plays the role in the camp? almost as if he had been in Batman's episode since the sixties. He strolls around his several scenes that he cuts into a funny cockney accent, putting in a performance that almost belongs to another movie. Sid is not Moriarty (portrayed as Jake's enemy from several of his previous adventures / books), but is always fun to watch. Jake Speed ​​is trying to channel the same entertainment movie B as Night of the Comet (a film Crawford produced some years earlier) and almost succeeds but misses? which is a shame because Jake would have been looking at a few more adventures and maybe better served the television series. I would recommend this from the profession, but in the end it leaves a bitter taste because most of the elements were there to really do something really good.
