Comedians often have an unfortunate reputation to have little real depth. Hands and Man, prove that this idea is false. Shav's performance is full of comedy drama that combines a funny plot with true philosophical depth. At one level, Arms and the Man is a successful and somewhat unique, romantic comedy. Young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a military family that is deeply involved in war; her fiancé and father are military officers. She's shocked, one night with the arrival of an enemy soldier. She saves him, knowing that she will always have to keep that incident from her family, and the soldier eventually leaves. Of course, when the war is over, this soldier returns, forcing each of the primary characters to re-examine their values ​​and their relationships. . Shav is able to comment on the construction of classes, the absurdity of war, and even the nature of love. And, of course, he does this with the Ghost spirit and within a satisfactory plot. There is so much to think about here that I think that much can be missed in one view. Arms and the Man is an excellent comedy theater and is definitely one of the best Shav's works. "Weapons and Man" is a fun and thoughtful movie that retains its importance even today, more than a century after it was first conceived. Shaw mocks popular theories about war and love and combines military satire with an argument about love and family structure. The show has a glittering spirit, lively humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is the statement by Captain Bluntschli Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I have to, and I'm very pleased to get out of it when I'm not. You're just an amateur, you think the fight is fun, really, as the son of a Swiss hotelier Bluntschli had no reason to be involved in the war, and in that absurdity, the Shaw is questioning patriotic feelings. Shav explores the whole concept of war and army on both sides of the battle and finally shows that the feelings in both camps are not so different. Dialogue and sarcasm used and according to common perceptions Life is intertwined with a mild conviction of the movement of a story to the end of a fairy tale The end in which all characters are happy and lovers are changing and returning to love shifts is what emphasizes the essence of this drama as a comedy This is a film that supports his image of possession universal attraction and is still appropriate today when the concepts of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically. The weapon "Man and Man" should keep its importance as long as there is love and war.
