The irony is that the performance that has been unavailable for so long on a film or video, ARMS AND THE MAN has remained fairly permanently available on stage for years since its debut in 1894 - to a small extent because it has grown so good as solid satire on nature. heroism and war. Whenever the world plunges into conflict, it seems that weapons and humans seem more and more in time. It is a game that Oscar Strauss turned (leaving most Shaw's best ideas) into a successful operetta, CHOCOLATE SOLDIER (when Hollivood arrived to * yes, * omitted the last tracks of Shaw without paying him the right - he was until then the Oscar winner in his right). Although Shawa has always been his idea and his dialogue, and not his naked pitches, in ARM and MAN, the action is also great and the master manages happy endings for all interested ones. Young Raina (Helena Bonham Carter), the daughter of an officer and the richest man in her town, is believed to be a passionate officer in a Bulgarian cavalry, and everything looks good while the Swiss Mercenary (Pip Torrens) is not stranded. ) on the other hand climbs to its drainage tube that escaped the battle in which his army was defeated. As usual in Shaw's satire, nothing is as it appears for the first time, and social conventions were standing on the head in the light of a simple - and not so simple reason. There are no "good guys" or "bad guys", only people from different classes who are best understood - just like life is only better - and, of course, with Shava, the mind is nice of all interested ones. Early (1932) film version (from Shaw's own scenario) of these most traditional and traditionally funny Shav's scenic satire, and one of his first who made a real hit on this side of the Atlantic, has long been among the missing. Shav did not sell his rights to the screen with his performances - he licensed them for a five-year period, and it seemed that with the rapidly evolving sound technology that makes the 1932 film seem primitive only a few years later, Shav did not renew the license to show it. Accordingly, we are immensely in the debt of the BBC for the final release of their version of 1987 in a DVD box with nine other games. (Somewhat unfortunately, PIGMALION, many see it as Shav's best, it does not go very well with this set produced by Linn Redgrave and James Villiers.) Even paired, like on DVD , with a less impressive act, THE MAN OF THE COMMITTEE, MUSCULAR AND MAN, makes a real fortune. Helena Bonham Carter continued, after cutting her teeth on television roles like this one, to a major film career, this will bring many viewers into this early role. They should not be disappointed, as Mrs. Carter gives the performance in line with the audience she was expecting, but under James's Cellan Jones something (and despite the BBC's equally beautiful and well-noticed physical production), a nasty fire in the role (and her indignation because it is underestimated in the last act) has only 80% of its potential. The same can be said for the real star of the pieces, Pip Torrens, as Bluntschli "Svitzer". It's a nice, attractive performance, but it does not go for a physical comedy implicit in the early scene in which a young soldier can barely remain awake despite his mortal danger. Regardless of these reserves, this is a solid production of wonderful game shifted to a small screen with confidence. He deserves to be seen wide and, ideally, to encourage even more remarkable remakes for the big screen with the style and glow of the recent remake of Vilde's IDEAL husband. Practically * any * WAR AND A MAN wants to nurture, and with great luck we may even finally see the original version of 1932. To one or another surface, this production will satisfy anyone who loves a good Shav.
