Doyle never wanted to revive Holmes from his joint death with Professor Moriarty in the AVANTURA OF THE FINAL PROBLEM. However, financial reasons forced him (1901) to write HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES, which is still considered his best Holmes novel and perhaps his best novel. But it was the "memoir" of the great detective, written before his death. Only an even more exclamation from his audience brought Doilla to complete the Holmes Revival in the AVANTURA PRINCIPAL HOUSE, published in 1905. . Perhaps the three stories are really terrible, but even those horrible ones are very legible. A few later (like the AVANTURA SOLITARY CYCLIST) are really very good. However, the unevenness of production (especially after the story in HIS LAST BOV (1917)) becomes more apparent. He repeats the past stories and shows the really negative aspects of Holmes. In the story of THOUGHT THREE GABLES, Holmes shows a mocking sarcasm character of African origin. SPOILER comes in: Adventure CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON deals with Holmes who is trying to find compromising letters from Milton, a highly successful blackmailer. This is an interesting example of how Doile could make a very legible story with a minimal complication, because there is little real detective work in the story. Holmes is committed to trying to negotiate with Milverton about buying letters, but to return them, no matter what! Milverton proves not only that he is not willing to consider a small amount for papers, but is ready to protect himself from Holmes trying to look for his person. Later we learned that Holmes entered the Milverton household by romanizing the maid as she was masked. At the end of Holmes goes with Wattson to rob Milverton's home. He and Vatson are in the house when they discover that Milverton is waiting for a new job in his studio (someone with information that Milverton can use). Carefully hiding, Holmes and Watson are watching how a woman comes, which turns out to be a victim of collateral damage from Milverton's past activities, and who kills the blackmailer to death. Holmes and Watson were able to burn Milverton's collection of compromise documents before they fled home and then discovered (for themselves) the identity of a woman. The police (under Lestrade) does not disclose the two mysterious people who saw running from Milverton's house, and they were so horrified by Milverton's activities (they could never bring anything against him) that it's obvious that murder will never be a story is not one from fascinating with real detective work such as AVANTURA SPECKLED BAND or SILVER BLAZE. It's a story of mood and late action - the question is whether Holmes and Watson will get papers or will Milverton catch them? This is not one of the best stories, but in most of the stories it is really well-known and interesting. At the time he wrote CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, Conan Doile had experience with the police in connection with his sometimes activities as a highly respected detective / crusader. In his studio in London, an artist who was killed was found, and Conan Doyle began to write his opinion on how the murder was committed. Then he stopped - apparently warned by his friends in Scotland Iard that he had not seen the murder. The victim was homosexual, and the police were sure that it was a lunatic of a lover who was terribly wrong. Due to the victim's family (it was 1905), Doyle dismissed the interest in the case. So he was aware that sometimes the British police acted with restraint in questions that did not justify their full examination - as Lestrade in that story defended the one who killed the evil Milton. Given the description of the story she could tell in the normal hourly version of the series. But telepaths for MASTER BLACKMAILER spent some time showing the terrible dilemma that Milverton's victims (in Victorian / Edwardia England) are facing. We see a promising young aristocratic military officer kill himself when confronted with homosexual exposure because of Milverton's extravagant demands, all at the beginning of a telepathy. And they are not just homosexuals. Men and women of good reputation in heterosexual marriages could be duped by the discovery of illegitimate children or past indiscriminate relationships. Indeed, in the story, the woman who kills Milton is refreshing the destruction of her husband (prominent nobleman) who destroyed the blackmailer. Milverton played well on his most grave courtesy of this fine actor Robert Hardy, who even when confronted with unexpected furia that he freed himself completely unsettled (it looks as though he would only show an angry woman from his at home, Bret and Hardwick behave well in their roles of Holmes and Watson, as one could expect. How serious was the loss of character by rumors or allusions in 1905? In 1898, one of the heroes of various imperial wars, and the leader of the last victorious battle in Omdurm This battle that destroyed the Mahdist Army (see FOUR SEASONS) was Sir Hector McDonald. He was Governor of Ceylon in 1903 when suddenly, unexpectedly, resigned. Sir Hector returned to London and shot at the hotel while he waited for some kind of hearing Later it turned out that "Fighting Mac," often regarded as the most popular army commander in Britain, was caught up with sleeping arrangements with domestic boys. Milverton would eat him very soon ... or his real colleagues.
