It's not easy to watch a movie - it lasts more than three and a half hours and consists exclusively of conversation. Nevertheless, it is such an incredibly tempting and ruthless observation of a human character, that, in my humble opinion, is one of the greatest films of all time. The film is depressing, cynical and cruel. (If you want to raise something, look at the fantastic Celine Jackues Rivette and Julie Go Boating, which was made at about the same time). This shows that the idealism of the late sixties did not differ from the society that it was trying to change. It includes allegedly free menage-a-trois between Alekandre (played by Jean-Pierre Leaud). , Marie (Bernadette Lafont) and Veronica (Francoise Lebrun). Nevertheless, it turned out that Alekandre was chauvinist and jealous as any other man. Women are exposed as being willingly subordinate and defining their femininity through a male look. The film is an extremely icy end to the highly revolutionary French new wave. This movement was one of the most important movements in the history of the film and had a profound impact on the film as we know it. Jean-Pierre Leaud was one of the key actors of the New Wave, who (among other films) played in influential Les Kuatres Cent Coups (1959), Francois Truffaut as a rebellious teenager. Director Jean Eustache is not known as the second director of the New Wave, but he should be. No improvisation (unlike similar John Cassavettes made in the US) and dialogue comes from real-life conversations. The film is resonant with Eustache's own personal experiences. For example, Francoise Lebrun was a former lover of Eustache. Eustache himself committed suicide in 1981, and the real-life person on which Marie was based. Anger and bitterness all culminate Veronika's trembling monologue, which is transmitted directly to the audience, breaking the coldly objective nature of the rest of the film. This fascinating, personal and sincere film statement remains one of the most prominent films of human nature.
