In the same way that Frank Miller and his comics of the City of Sin used black and white to express themselves (and his film influences), and Christian Volckman with the Renaissance. It is the year 2054. In the tradition of science fiction, the future is a brilliant, sparkling gem with more excitement. This is a jewel in the environment of misery, inequality and darkness; bright and beautiful on the top with a dark bottom underneath. One of these "bright" people at the top, a researcher from a very large and influential global company (Avalon), was kidnapped. Well-known and efficient, Captain Karas (who expressed the new James Bond - Daniel Craig), has the task of finding it. The action and schedule are not too original. It is largely influenced by noir film, Gibson's Neuromancer and other detective stories, along with films such as Blade Runner, the City of Sin, Fritz Lang and Metropolis and Minority Report. There is a main plot, surrounded by other possible sub-plots that all connect in the end. It's not hard to understand everything. The strength and originality of the film is in its intense visual presentation. Paris is a complex series of levels and sub-levels. At its core, it is a more primitive industrial infrastructure. How the city grows, and its architectural complexity and luminiscence. Nevertheless, in this structure, the summit does not equate with the elevation of human ideals and behaviors. Paris was intricately animated and widespread in a brilliant black and white color. The film is closer to the spirit of the City of Sin (comics), and the Sin Citi film was with its original material. This has been made even easier, because it still remains in the relatively same medium; animation. Much in the same way as the scanner, which gently pushed the visual aspects of the storytelling, so does this. Light and dark, black and white creates an atmosphere of contrast, as well as visual ambiguity. Right and wrong, black and white can lose all meaning at the same time as it is right in front of us. The film proves that black and whites can be both ambiguous and obvious at the same time. In accordance with the spirit of the film, can be both a critic and a fan. I can love and despise in the same light. It's definitely an experience I recommend to visual art lovers. Pour another black and tan, go into the void and enjoy the ride.
