"Renesansa (2006)" was created over a period of six years, with the co-financing of France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom at a cost of about 14 million euros. The final result is the stunning achievement of comic-strip animation, aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved with Sin Citi (2005), but this film used to capture movements with live actors to translate their faces and movements into fully animated format. Presented in black-and-white technique, the film seems to have been erected from the very pages of the graphic novel on which it was based, and the futuristic city of Paris blatantly appears above us. In the direction of French director Kristian Volkman, in his feature-length debut, "Renesansa" relies heavily on other films in the genre of science fiction, and the story of a technological dinner is not something we have not seen before, but from the Technical attitude is flawless. The year is 2054. The city of Paris is a ruinous metropolis filled with dark streets and abandoned pedestrian paths, and the recent installation of modern technology only offers a thin mask for the sad degradation of obscured buildings. The largest city corporation, Avalon, has achieved wealth by offering citizens a promise of beauty and youth, and the research department of the company is constantly striving to invent more funds to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (pronounced by Romola Garai in the English version I saw), a brilliant young scientist, was mysteriously kidnapped on her way back from work, so legendary detective Barthelemy Karas (Daniel Craig) discovers her current current where she is. Perhaps the key to the disappearance of a woman was Bishane (Catherine McCormack), Ilona's older sister, whose credibility it was, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), a dedicated doctor who loved Ilona as her own daughter. The ghostly, ill-lit city of Paris is reminiscent of "Blade Runner (1982)" by Ridley Scott, and some technologies seem to be borrowed from Tom Cruise in Minority Report (2002). {which, by chance, was also set up in 2054). However, despite this closeness, Volckman created an exciting world for his characters to emerge. Combining classic film-noir and science-fiction, the result is an attractive collage of sharp lights and dark shadows, which, I would warn, occasionally become difficult for the eyes of the spectators. The dialogue is sometimes a little banal, and the story, although appealing, does not offer anything strikingly original (except for the ending, which I thought was a bold reversal to the usual formula), but the 'Renaissance' is intended for work. as a visual treat, and that she does not succeed in doing so.
