The emphasis on the loan opening sequence is a dark-skinned man who has a strange, all-too-much-night nightmare. Finishing his dystopian Paris 2054, the film begins to accompany a woman to an unhealthy club, where she and one celebrity bartender meet on deck. They throw each other's exclamations in the sense that he owes more money, although he believes that he has paid everything. The other woman is hindering violence, just to fight a woman. The original woman goes out, and she is abducted. It seems that the Renaissance of Christian Wolken is another in the line for recording recently filmed animated films, but despite the fact that it is essentially true, she talks about a neatly arranged, classically detected detective story that keeps us in the dark in the initial minutes, and as you imagine Karas, a stubborn cop, from the beginning we recognize ourselves as a man who is awakening from a terrible dream. The basics of classical film noir are affected without any anachronistic changes, for all intentions and purposes. In the roughness of his monochrome, Volckman's French thriller did not follow any example. For film animators, the indiscriminate physical light challenges that would otherwise have been faced, were able to start with a completely black frame, and to fix a completely white color in accordance with the action on the screen. Because they consciously mimic the effects of the right light sources in the whole frame, the difference in black and white is full here, without the slightest shades of gray in color with less definite moral codes of characters, and the outcome is a sharp and condemning vision of the direction in which commercial civilization takes place , sporadically caused by the toughest and ruthless lighting. This is an artistic study of the movie noir brought to their visual boundaries of philosophy, and nothing had previously shared the same performance of this visual concept. All the characters in this decent cyberpunk film look like if they walked cleanly from the Gothic comic black ink, but all together their physical responses, their movements and the nuances of their facial expressions seem to look like they are in clear humanity . Normally, films that try new developments in animation enable their technical accomplishments to outperform all other aspects of production. The city of sin, for example, the left substance and the overall good adaptation of the screen from the original material to be desirable. It may not be devastating, it can have its narrative convention and voice over voice. simply being adequate, but the Renaissance, made for $ 19 million for six years, not only feels like a real noir in place of suddenly written appropriation, but also is not secondary to all visual innovations that seem to be random. It remains to be thought not so much about how cool it is when Karas avoids bullets punched through a crowded glassy Paris street, but more about his power of life and death, how life's tragedies, such as death, make life meaningful.
