In 2054, Paris, Avalon, a computer-generated system, controlled the city, and when a young woman was kidnapped, Detective Karas (Craig) had to go against Avalon to find her. Renesansa is a brilliant blend of film. making mixed up with a conceptual futuristic narration that illuminates the screen in a shocking castle with noir thematic ideology and conceptual editions that will delight many. Picnic are the masters of animation. Their numerous Oscar films are endless from the charming Toy Story to the mysterious Vall-E, and every company or director has a real challenge to overthrow them. Renesansa is not a movie intended for young audiences, and Persepolis in 2007 brings a strong and mature approach to the genre of animation to make it an older and more challenging film to its targeted older generations. Robert Rodriguez published in 2005 a shocking brilliant Noir Sin Citi that shook up the entire use of the green screen with a remarkable black balance with a strange spurts of color and a year later, Christian Volckman took over a similar An approach with an equally visual masterful move of filming a movie. Volckman's picture is still full on animation, but not half looks realistic for most powerful 1 hour and 40 minutes of work. Facial characters are well presented and in particular, this film must be the finest ever to use shadow. The fact that we never know whether her night or day is irrelevant when we simply look at the stone faces while the shadows melt through their expressions. It's almost a smart use of pathetic delusions, and it is fine-tuned. For anyone who saw Persepolis, you came to the conclusion that this is one of the best animated films ever featured for a simple yet highly conceptual artistic style Marjana Satrapi. The Renaissance is equally in according to this picture and in many cases it is opposed to stronger graphics and a darker tone reflecting the mood. One scene especially when Karas appears from the darkness is beautifully recorded. The story revolves around a stubborn and curious political government that takes care of every citizen. Leading Paris is all the way to the mysterious Avalon that we do not see enough to get the essence of its true domination. The Renaissance controls the story of an attempted tired cop to save a mysterious woman, and then we see that Craig's tired and boring cop tried to save himself while fighting with other elements. There are many things wrong in scripting, not to mention the tired, irritated police routine now old, but there's plenty of summer adrenaline and a frenzied joke between characters to keep it alive until the shocking shock of the shocking last few phases.
