Every second of the movie is wonderful. And that's why he earns 7, because the plot is not particularly tricky, and thinking over the last 90 minutes I've never felt any excitement or investment in the characters. If nothing else, luxury graphics and framing have made certain scenes (such as the Automotive Chase) more pedestrian than they should be - not that they do not look great and have a very original design and occasionally new angles of the camera - but lacking kinetic movements and close-up plans are part of the language for any normal action / thriller. The first hour suffers, and the dialogue is very arranged and somewhat scenic - people are waiting to end and do not always react with natural rhythms, which would be a problem for each dialogue of the individual to be recorded separately. In rare occasions, emotions in voices do not match those on the screen; something that should really be avoided. Futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of glass walls / ceiling / screen, beautiful smoke / fatamorgana / special effects) and nice cars, but again - it's more practice in graphic design, without real impact on the story. I state that the purpose of using animated animation (instead of actors / CGIs) is to really suppress the limits of imagination and design; Doing what is too hard / impractical in other media. Although animation in the Renaissance is certainly amazing and incredibly well accomplished, I never felt to see something that had not been done before. Immortel, another French CGI film, also suffers from the imbalance of beauty over the story and pace. To be honest, some wonderful and interesting French films also have a light pace, and long-lasting images in someone's eyes or rain on the Parisian cobblestones can cause great emotions - but animators have to understand that while animation delivers unique strengths, it also has weaknesses compared to real life technique. Perhaps it would be detached from the 'noir' rules that the film wants to hold, but I think the filmmakers have missed a great opportunity to explore their future society a bit more - the social strata, the fascist grief of corporations, etc. I do not have the problem to recommend the Renaissance to anyone who enjoys stylish design and / or animation (especially the fans of 'Manga'), but I would not make other friends who like the movie sit over it. Remove the gorgeous images and this is a little average movie.
