I'm glad I can say almost just positive things about the movie with Karas and Sister Thais, RENESANS. First, it looks like it should look; children's adventure, RENESANS is a story of a police investigation in search of a missing young scientist Ilon Tasuev, a geneticist and researcher at Avalon. The story of Karas, Ilona and Bislan is, though much less known than SIN CITI, a better movie, and one that is more appreciated by the experts. French comic lovers will be even more important (last week I've enriched my collection of French comics, although I'm not exactly that). The atmosphere, the music, the characters, their lines, the plot are all fine and dear. Paris's top police officer, Karas, was shown to find a young woman who was a star of medical genetic research, Ilona Tasuev, a mildly hot blonde, whose rebel sister Bislane was more erotic than her, I suppose. For me, oldie aficionado comics and TV series, RENAISSANCE, a wonderfully beautiful cartoon, was like a repeat VILD VILD VEST episode? here, the mythological past is replaced by the same mythological future? and blasphemy, but, in a sense, as exciting. RENESANSA is not uncertain; it does not look particularly good; but it seduces and hypnotizes. Moreover, it achieves sketching, although a short, holy, true world, and we will think of Avalon, Nakath, Jonas Mueller, Sisters Tasuev and Goran, Farfeli and Karas talking about his long childhood in Kasbah? . I loved the feeling of the Renaissance, a certain kindness and kindness and an adventurous spirit, as well as a professional, secure view; Among these new caricatures, this and Linklater's Dick adaptation (- the only and the first Dick adaptation ever) are emphasized as part of beauty and true excitement. I thought that futuristic devices are convenient and, when not conventional, live freakishly (like bone invisibility). As recommended, characters have exotic names, such as Bislane and Farfella, mostly collected from the world of art and entertainment (Goran and Ilona). It seems that no one has noticed that Renaissance poster has Rourke's appearance, which is Marv; which does not make him SIN CITI rip-off, but not original originality, and actually has more similarities with Miller's story, namely, the gloomy futuristic look of the failed society, the erupting hero (in fact, the cross of Villy's character and Rourke's personality in the previous film? ?), on the other hand, this cartoon brings in more public broadcasting, the borders of the true adventurous spirit, and, say, it's like SIN CITI for children? Well, I mean naughtier kids, because there's a little nudity on the screen. On what I said, it could be said that these characteristics are characteristic, even as clichés and common places of the futuristic look of adult comics; The truth is that Oldie Miller brought things to the screen, and the Renaissance has some similarities here and there. It is also now fair that each ring should have its own ERAGORN, so that every city of sin, its renaissance. I admit I'm pretty biased with these dark futuristic stories, a pretty undemanding specialty.
