Imagine the classic lines of noir stories sprinkled with hyper-stylized black and white images of the City of Sin of Frank Miller. Then imagine a dystopian, thriller of science fiction, such as the Minerviti Report by Steven Spielberg or A Scanner Darkly by Richard Linklater. The combination of the above would be a convenient way of describing the gloomy and atmospheric takeover of the visionary French director Christian Volckmann on the future in his debut film. But, while Volckman's work undoubtedly takes the reference from the aforementioned films and those similar to them, such a simplified hybrid does not make the Renaissance, Volckman's ultimate result, justice - the film itself is a far more complicated work than that. The hybridity genre is usually a hit and a failure of the affair, especially in a contemporary context, with a bubble of individuality that is increasingly exhausting. As such, the Renaissance is valueless as a film experiment, at the very least, with its unique dissipation of the persistent nihilism of the neo-notary of the detective thriller and the fantastic allegorical terror of the dystopian science fiction drama, which serve to compliment the testimonies of others. conventions in an unusual way. The script is smart and intriguing (although it gets the feeling that many lines in the script would be much more effective in their original French than an English translation - the title of the movie also becomes much sharper), succeeding to stay one step ahead of its audience. Although many elements of this action will appear to be quite familiar to those who read such trillers of science fiction, the script casts unexpected turns and turns at the right moment to keep the viewer on the fingers, making a really striking work. > Volckman's film really stands out with its visual component, and stunning black and white animation is easily featured in the movie - superbly out of place and elegant, it shows that this is a huge aesthetic effect that simple use of two shades can have. With tremendous detail payable to the composition and appearance of each shot, and the extraordinary use of highly shaded shadows and intriguing angles to emphasize the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears straight from the Frank Miller comedy, but with a turning, the end result is consistently visually luxurious. The English edition of the film was also credited with a large number of votes. A disgusting voice by Daniel Craig is an absolutely perfect piece for the dark, stoic police officer Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a powerful presence as a mysterious woman whose missing sister is investigating. Despite the hefty English accent, Romola Garai works greatly as a frenzied sister who is involved, and Jonathan Price is a suitable threat as the suspicious head of the malicious mega-corporation Avalon. Ian Holm's reedy voice is also a powerful choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm leaves a powerful impression in his short scenes. All in all, the Renaissance boasts a visually stunning, unique and tempting futuristic thriller, just as intelligent as it's fun. Although the action may seem familiar to those who frequent such dishes and an occasional weak line can prevent the film from being an incredible masterpiece that it has set itself to be, top-notch animation itself easily transmits the film through its occasional suspicions. For lovers of any intertwined genre of film or sharp graphic novels by Frank Miller, or those who are willing to appreciate the subtly made, somewhat less conventional film about the futuristic thriller, the film is without any doubt an hour worth. <br /> <br /> - 8/10
