One of the reasons why Picard so well passed and was so successful is that while their films remain technical miracles and visual mosaics, they have a story that suits their style. And often very moving style: influences, charming and intergenerational. If many Anime (speaking in the broad sense) and many other animations fail to match their technical virtuosity with the actual substance, I mean (and maybe I'm wrong) too partly because neither manufacturers are concerned about character and plot, and focus too much on sound and image , or is the effort invested in making some animations so huge, so it's impossible not to have the energy to create a really interesting story. Also can not be said for the Renaissance. There are errors in his conspiracy, but I will come to that later. However, these same defects are not reflected in visual representations - the Renaissance is not too great now. Ultra-high contrast images (sometimes so high contrast that is nothing other than visible face or light beam) and incredible details are always impressive, always looking forward to watching. Exposed futuristic Paris is a dark descendant of Blade Runner and Brave New World; dark, gloomy, rather rich and even pure, but wrapped up by intrigues, corporate malversations, obsessed with beauty (ultimately the capital of the catwalk) and concealing dirt and neglecting its maze of passage by a veneer of monumental, sophisticated architecture. It's an unusual environment, not entirely original, but great anyway. Film film technology "capturing the movement" and incredible attention devoted to human and design details result in images for which a black and white photographer would die. It's not that the detail prevents fun because Christian Volckman makes some great action sequences: a hack for skin hell, a few horrible murders, a few conflicts in the dark and a nasty dust in a dark apartment. . Locations are also great (I want to visit a nightclub). While Karas's central character is your regular cop, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the true motors of the movie. Coming from the war of dismantled Eastern Europe, war products, diaspora and famine, they are a convincing metaphor for Europe as a whole. The movie is extremely atmospheric, its giggling, swinging failure - The camera moves and the tone of the adults creates a very attractive experience. However, the plot ... It never becomes more interesting than the initial hook, in which tireless Krad has to find Ilona Tasuiev, a deadly beautiful and pioneering scientist, after being thrown out of the street. The Avalon Avalanche Corporation (Is EVERY CORPORATION WILL BE CREDIBLY?), For which she worked on "confidential" projects were hellish on her return, and soon Karas returned to official reprimand, dead bodies, cigarette smoke and tight-minted bullets , falling in love with Ilona's sister Bislane (very sympathetically expressed by Catherine McCormack), while deep into the depths of the nasty city (and its past). Text in other words, but while I enjoyed the movie much more than the City of Sin (carries a transient visual similarity), the plot and resolution are boring, the theme of immortality is raised, but never questioned, and Ignored Senior Executive Director Avalon Paul Dellenbach is also boring, undermining many dramatic tensions. The basic ideas are well-known sci-fi genres, and there is also a complaint that visuals and the atmosphere mask the world's material. However, the film as a whole is lucid and perfectly coherent, even if some of the scenarios in which characters enter occasionally feel like excuses for displaying technical magic. But it is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of another city from the foundation that this film does something to look at. Perhaps I take it too seriously, and if that's the case, at least I can say that it is top-notch, extremely fun (and quite mature), and with ambience like no one else.
