Dark Scanner, Minority Report, Blade Runner, City of Sin and Captain of Heaven and the World of Tomorrow? If you are a fan of any of these, then this will be worth a look. The French animation project 'Renesansa' lasted seven years to achieve a small budget, and tonight I finally saw him a private screening for the International Film Festival in Stockholm. My spontaneous reaction is awe; my further thinking is 'huh, neat' and closer to analysis, unfortunately, gets strong 'meh'. It's a magnificent triumph of science fiction on the surface, but scratches it a little or even pierces it a little, and its unnecessarily complex soil becomes apparently obvious, as well as flat characters. However, it is clear that people in the Onik films did something spectacular with the mentioned surface. Visual images are astounding. They used motion capture in a live movement embedded in the animation of the buttons, with powerful black and bright white contrasts and a highly shaded background. For those of you who are not in the "technical language", the movie looks like a completely animated city of sin. Its fluid, transparent, dark and stylized template is complemented with a glittering lightning. It's a vision. However, it is also a lot of thanks to the sharp sound effects that take on the form of fuzzy futuristic weapons, tense music, heavy rain drops and the breakdown of glass shards. It's every wet dream of any technician ... The film is zooming in on the boldly lit, dark, promising Paris in which a large corporation called 'Avalon' began to intertwine in the lives of citizens. Monitoring surveys (think about Minority Report fluid screens) and genetic engineering. This last leads to the mysterious kidnapping of the young researcher Ilona (expressed by lovely Romola Garai). Cut into our cooked cop-on-suspension and protagonist Karas (Daniel Craig) ?? a man who takes the law into his own hands? who was given the chance to find and return Ilona. In this case, Illon's sister helps him with a love affair. A very half-love affair, if I can say so. World Renaissance is remarkable. The director Christian Volckman honestly strikes the melting of the noir theme, and the result is an urban jungle filled with cads, rats, femme fatales and lonely detectives hiding in the shadow of a deserted neighborhood. The problem is that the creators undoubtedly felt the need to have extremely clear and precise archetypes in the story, or the film would be "too surreal" for the mainstream audience, thanks to its sharp animation format. From this it follows that we have a lot of cliché characters like evil funny criminals, bad criminal bosses and butch heavy chickens that blow every time they come. This pushes our noir into our faces, and this is not necessary. What's worse is that the dialogue is a little fictional. It seems that each line exists only because it starts the action. This is not fatal, because the plot is so complex when it starts to need a clear direction. Daniel Craig also helps by bringing a non-stupid attitude towards his stubborn cop. At one point in the Renaissance, it is seen in a live column that is certainly one of the most desirable adrenaline and supreme sequences of the film. Unfortunately, the novelty of the sci-fi visual has exhausted the post, and 'Renassaince' could benefit from being somewhat shorter. In short, a very interesting, but wrong, experience of a futuristic comic. 7 of 10
