I saw this film in an avant-garde premiere at the Imagina Festival in Monaco. I saw the first trailer four years ago, and from this moment I waited to see the final result. I was not disappointed. It is a full 3D film with high contrast black and white renderer. Clearly inspired by some comics, such as those from F. Milera. In this optics, a step away from the excellent adaptation of the "City of Sin" by R. Rodriguez. This time, (almost) no gray or any medium color, but the graphic style has never been seen before in a realistic animated movie (can not wait for a dark scanner) Massive Motion Capture gives a lot of life and credibility to the characters and very quickly forget that the technical aspect is concentrated on a number of classic elements, such as direction or plot. The regime remains sober and controlled despite the infinite possibilities of the media, and this is a really good surprise. to the end. In spite of the classic base (research beyond the initial expectations), the atmosphere and some interesting topics (genetics, the absolute power of some firms ...) give this movie a great interest. this is an animated film, this is obviously not made for children. You will not find here any funny lover or any stupid family morality, just a cold reality. It's much closer to a good movie night. I discovered that the setting is one of the best aspects of the film: we still feel well-known Paris, but it transforms the fine touch of futurism. However, I regret the few mistakes. Installation is sometimes a bit flat, one or two very cliche slow effects and some bad dialogues. Although technically excellent, it shows its boundaries in some romantic sequences (a bit like the "final fantasy"). These little things make him 7/10. All in all, it is a successful artistic challenge that you need to watch if you can. The director, Christian Volckman, knows how not to fall into potential traps (fortunately, they did not ask John Voo to do the job!). an intelligent story and a wonderful artistic direction. Watch if you can! Please apologize for spelling mistakes.
