The story says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people gathered in the Indien Du Grand Cafe in Paris to witness the Cinematographe, allegedly a new invention that was created on the basis of the work of several photographers called August and Louis Lumiere. The small audience of that day (some at the call, mostly because of curiosity) did not know what to expect from the show, and when a stationary photo appeared on the screen, the majority thought Cinematographe was just another fantastic idea to present slide shows. Until the photo began to move. What thirty-three people experienced with awe in the cold of December was the first public display of a moving image projected onto the screen; History is written and cinematic as we know it was born that day. Of the 10 short films that were shown during this historic day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumiere" (literally "Leaving Lumiere Factory") was the first one to be shown. The film shows many Lumiera factory workers as they pass through the gate of the factory, leaving the building at the end of a busy day. While the underlying "current movie" (a film that shows the real event), the film surprised everyone present in the audience because their concept of moving images was limited to Edison's "Peep Shov" machines (kinetoscope), the discovery of brothers. it was like nothing they had seen before, and the audience stood out with awe, while people and horses were moving across the screen. The idea was not completely new (Le Prince made his first film in 1888), but the way the film was presented was simply revolutionary. "La Sortie Des Usines Lumiere" would become the first in a long line of "real films" that Lumiere will produce over the years. This primitive form of documentary film was a favorite type of brothers because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than those that Cinematographe could have. Despite the original lack of enthusiasm, after its first showing, Cinematographe became a great success and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumiere" quickly became the icon of this first projection. It was definitely not the first movie that the brothers had shot that year, and it probably was not the best of the 10 films that were featured on that day (I personally think "L 'Arroseur Arrose" was the best of 10); however, it is really important that the first film was the opening of a couple of gates, as literally this film opened the gates of the cinema we know. 8/10
