All films made before 1912 should really be watched with the feeling of time and place. In 1894, men from the Lumiere family [father: Antoine (1840-1911), sons: Auguste and Louis] owned and operated a factory that produced photo boards and paper. Not a small company; the factory had more than 200 employees who received pension and social benefits - innovative at that time. It was located in Montplaisir in the suburbs of Lyon, France. What prompted Lucy Lumiere in 1894 to build the Cinematagraph, remains open to speculation. My suggestion is that the appearance of the Keenetoscope (peep-shov machine) of Edison's organization in Paris in autumn 1894 enabled the catalyst. V.K.L. Dickson, from Edison's staff, invented the camera of the size of the movie of the upright piano that was patented in February 1893. Eastman company) passed the lens at about 40 frames per second (fps), as an almost immovable object, in "black Maria" (essentially the first film studio). less than one minute) recorded in this studio. During 1894, Louis Lumiere was tasked to invent a camera with a moving image. The celluloid film, the persistence of the human eye / brain vision, would allow for the observation of normal motion, its camera, called Cinematograph, was the size of a large box of shoes and had a detachable film magazine storing enough film to make it Size and the low weight of the camera (it can be turned into a printer or projector by adding a light source) made it portable enough to be able to take it to any location to record an event (provided that there was enough sunlight). a burning house with firefighters who came and heated water with water; and many other scenes in and around Lyon. Using the Molten bulb, he turned the camera into a projector and presented his films to scientists gathered at the Revue Generales des Science Reception. The images are projected on a 5-meter screen away from the lens. The screen was extended at the door between the two rooms. At a professional photographers' meeting that year, Louis photographed visiting delegates and showed them films on their arrival the same evening. With the praise of scientific and photographic communities, Louis decided to have a public exhibition of his invention by the end of the year. Since each of his films would last about one minute, he needed at least a dozen films to present himself well. For one of these films he set up a camera at the entrance to his factory, photographed the departure of employees at the time of abandonment. The public place selected by Antoine - offered himself as a "barker for the fair" for Cinematograph - was the Salon Indien Grand Cafe on Boulevard Des Capucines in Paris. It was a winter Saturday night on December 28th In 1895, as the first crowd was sitting, they were presented with a screening of the exterior of the Lumiere factory (with closed doors). Some were concerned that they would only see the slide show's routine of Lumiere photographs, but then the lever was turned on the camera / projector and it started movement. Louis had an innate sense for filming films In the beginning, the door opens and people start to leave their workplace, in the middle of the people they go out - many try to ignore the camera and the cameramen, because they seem to be happy to leave a day of work behind them. close the gates of the factory. And this was the first film that was designed for the entertainment of the general public.
