I just came back from a late-night cinema and it was really a quiet exit because most of the audience were thinking about the actual black and white images of the partition, the freedom of movement, etc. Which reminds us very much of our lives' Our ancestors have faced! In the middle of this background, having in mind, there was no tel / fax / internet at that time, but for the very voice of Truth and Nonviolence, cinema brought in some spirit of the sincere reality of the accident in the midst of a strict Raja. Gandhi proved to be a valuable lawyer in South Africa, who advocated for his basic ideologies and gave every degree of conviction to spread awareness of the same with humility and holiness that proved to be a good forgiveness to the spoken speech of General Smut. He had the best draft of speech with subtle humor and a hidden threat to the British paradise in India! When he said to pray in silence to the British in India, now that Gandhi, a politician set up for India, was a nice remark. (according to holiness). The very background of a large family with many children should be mentioned with obviously divided attention and love that had to cast a spell on the psyche of an unhappy child who was left alone to strive for unrealistic ambitions about his ability and he emotionally subdues small pleasures in life and fails before the great idol of his father. He is trying to remove the mentoring boat that is the basis of every success that the neighbors had to see on the streets of Gandhi's residence, when Harilal opened his frustration in the open. This means that it becomes mentally weak and psychologically disturbed to the extent that it is forced to religious conversion and alcoholism, with the long and disdainful nature of its negative thoughts. He continued to show sincere love for his mother through sensitive scenes, and even Gandhi's modest expressions of Harryl to forgive him did not come to any conclusion in his mind as the Father, Gandhi always frightened. He could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him as he expected and he was taken to rebellion when he could not understand the delivery of a monetary scholarship that his father equally deserved to his cousin. He saw an unsuccessful opportunity to study for a lawyer in England. This had to take his tribute into him thrown into the streets as a beggar when the whole of India celebrated his independence! He never changes what he can, but the way in which the sad death of Kasturba and Gandhi itself is shown brings emotional silence. In the end, the latest turbulent thoughts about dying Harryal are portrayed as a memorial so that the audience will retain the attraction and wonder where the Father of the Nation has made a mistake? was he smart enough to be mentally strong to lead the army of one man and use his brave soldier son as a weapon to show British and rival forces that when it comes to the interests of the nation, nothing comes between. although reading the mahatma's heart must live outside of his family and see which emotionally naive Harilal did not see in his life ... It's a pity that such naive Harilali still ruin the efforts Many fathers like Mahatma in many families in today's life and they took drugs, alcoholism, and God knows what kind of thoughts! Here are the messages to all brave saints (soldiers), please respect the father of the nation! and happiness will be donated or it will be a disaster waiting, is not it?
