Sir Richard Attenborough was easy to do Gandhi (1982) - he only narrated a story about the great person who walked this planet not so long ago. In comparative terms, for director Feroz Abbas Khan, it must have been much more difficult to debut as a director to Gandhi be my father, scouting a crushed anti-hero against an international hero, who were historically real individuals, and the ironic father and son. The events in the movie are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film, setting high moral standards for the world to follow. However, these standards have shaken the aspirations of his eldest son, Harilal, to be a prominent lawyer like his father, to complete his education and to be employed in India, thereby securing income for his nuclear family. The film does not reveal Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was higher than his family's aspirations. He loved his family and looked after them, even though his thoughts about their calm were stiffened by his ideal of care for the masses. He advocated for equality and dignity among all persons and, in his opinion, gave special unnecessary advantages to his own son, looking to other meritorious people, on the basis of what he preached. The film deals with an unusual case of parenthood in which an idealistic parent sets up a hill for less than brilliant offspring. The film shows an unusual scenario that happened. The son marries the soul of his childhood, disturbed by his father. The father harasses the sons of educational aspirations in several key places. The brittle relationship between the consecrated son and the father breaks, because the son wants to stand on his feet and take care of his nuclear family. As the father gradually becomes the father of the nation, the son stumbles in a brave search for identity and survival. His marriage broke up and sought comfort in religion, the split between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his troubles, he remains in touch with his mother, until she commits her for drunkenness. Feroz Khan is essentially the director of plays that make his movie in the cinema. He wrote and directed the play of Mahatma vs. Gandhi, which had a significant impact on the Indian theater community. The performance and film that followed is based on two biographies, one Chandulal Dalal and another Nilamben Parekh. The success of the theater performance was an obvious reason for Bollivood's commercial actor Anil Kapoor to produce this valuable movie. Every time a good screenplay director tries to direct the cinema, there is evidence of a lack of trust in the media. Peter Brook is a great director, but less competent as a director. The initial shots of Khan's movie promise a great cinema - abandoned Harilal Gandhi was brought to Sion Hospital, Bombay (Mumbai) barely murmuring that his father Bapu (popular name Mahatma Gandhi), father of the whole nation. Hospital authorities do not recognize him as the eldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, who dies in poverty and loneliness. In addition to the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately only represents a great story and some extraordinary external footage of the father and son who meditate in the silhouette. For an Indian film, he presents some of the high production qualities that go hand in hand with a lack of interest in detail (most Indian clothes in the film seem to be dust-free and freshly washed, modern hairstyles of actors, and even Shefali Shetti Mohandas Gandhi's wife a century ago with haired eyebrows ), the curse of Indian film. Since Feroz Khan is a theater actor, he has made much more effort to work with actors in developing characters than on film details, something like Sir Attenborough, another person who is also a product of the theater (Royal Academy of Dramatic Art). Being fully aware of the criticism of Gandhi in any way of looking for trouble, even when there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made a significant decision not to post the poster of the film at Available Heights in India, fearing that someone could snatch a poster or intentionally or unintentionally obey it. With all of its size and defects, Gandhi, my father raises several questions to the viewer. Is the attachment of a mother-son stronger than the father-son bonding in parenting? Is the nearest family less important than humanity in general? Does anyone seek refuge in religion and alcohol only when facing worldly trouble? In this film, Harilal is struggling with trouble and goes from one religion to another, while his father quotes the writings "Forgive them that they do not know what they are doing" when a South African policeman, convicted of the value of religion, is beaten and thrown to the ground. and convince others. The film won the Best Actress Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival for Shefali Shetti (Shah) and the Indian Prize of Critics. Feroz Khan and Anil Kapoor worked very well on the sensitive subject and caused superior performance from the actors' ensemble. I hope that the international success of the film will open the way for some capable director to film another brilliant Indian piece, Tughlak Girish Karnad, who will one day meet international quality standards.
