Crypt stories: Everything starts to go on Christmas Eve through the house when Elizabeth (Mari Ellen Trainor) kills her husband, Marshall Bell, pulls his body outside, ready to throw him into the well, but misses the important news Bulletin on radio that says that the killer maniac (Larri Drake) dressed as Santa Claus escaped from a local mental asylum and that he had already killed several women with Elizabeth on her list, but she has other ideas and is trying to turn a seemingly dangerous situation into her advantage ... <br /> This story from the story of the crypt was episode 2 of the first season , the director of one of the regular executive producers of Robert Zemeckis and All Through the House is a decent hour. The script of Fred Dekker is actually based on the story that appeared in the comic book The Vault of Horror and was originally adapted for the film as one episode from the film about British horror anthologies Tales from the Cript (1972) starring Joan Collins as a murdered Female The character here is Ellen Trainor. This version is good enough, but it does not do anything different or special and is somewhat linear and predictable to be considered a classic. With only 25 minutes of length, it surely moves at a good pace, the story is pretty scary and generally gives a decent party and I'm pretty comfortable with the end. This time, the Christmas thematic opening and closing of the Cript Keeper (John Kassir) are complemented by the usual playing. Director Zemeckis is doing a good job and there is a nice winter atmosphere with a hint of Christmas influence. . There is not much worse here, somebody has a poker stuck in the head, someone's face is cut with a glacier, one's hand is cut and there is blood stains, but generally speaking, it's not graphics. The actor's acting is pretty good. And all through the house is not the best story of the crypt, but it is decent anyway, worth seeing, but after the comic book story of the 1972 original movie version, did we really need it or even want it?
