Feroz Abbas Khanov Gandhi My Father, a film that throws light on the broken link between Mahatma and his son Harryl Gandhi. For a story that is so dramatic as the one this film is trying to say, it is a shame that the director does not succeed dramatically. Gandhi My Father has been apologized to you as an annoying lesson in the history that made you sleep in your school. Now the film aims to convey a very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi, in his attempt to be an honest person, ended up as an unfair father. This thing appears in the film many times, and one of the examples given to emphasize is that scholarship for England, which Gandhi denies twice to his son. Instead of showing us how Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what is happening in his head, the director is only moving with the story, so he never allows us to witness the growing anger Harilal feels towards his father. Therefore, when we finally see the outbreak of Harryl, this happens as if it is overreacting. What I'm trying to say here is that we never realized why Harilal had become a rebel who he did. We never understood why he turned to Islam, and then again to Hinduism. The thing is, we never understood Harry in general. And this is because the director of this film is too busy focusing on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the struggle for freedom, a story with which most of us are already familiar. Simply put, Gandhi Father promises me that he will test the tension between father and son, but it does not show us how many cracks in this relationship have appeared to us. We realize that Harilal had to live with the burden of being Gandhi's son, but show us why it was at the beginning. Show us the incidents of their early conflict. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi only says he opposes Harryl's early marriage, telling us why this is an opposition? It is not enough for Kasturba to blame her husband for the way her son fell out - for the constant transfer between the schools in Gujarat and South Africa, because he moved him every time Gandhi was to relocate. The words are not enough, they show us how those incidents shaped Harry Gandhi's character. What's more, instead of holding the barbed-loess topic of this weak Gandhi's relationship with Gandhi's relationship, the film goes on too much tangent, which diminishes the influence of the central theme. This should never have been a film about the struggle for independence, but on many occasions this is exactly what it looks like, because the director feels almost obliged to lead us through all the major events that lead to this historical moment, although much has nothing to do with the basic the premise of the film - that sharp relationship between father and son. You see that the problem with this movie is not that it's a bad movie, but it's certainly a very confusing movie. What happens to Haril's children after his wife's death? Did he ever have anything to do with them? Where do they suddenly disappear after that scene in which we see them with Mahatma and Castro? None of these questions were answered in a film that basically meant that it relates to Gandhi family relationships. The film version of the immensely popular performance directed by Feroz Abbas Khan, Gandhi's father is a disappointment, without question. Kinematically struggling to translate the ambitious intent of the filmmaker on the screen. Practically, every scene in the film opens and closes fade-ins and fade-outs, never coming into one another. On the positive side, there is an inherent nobility in the film, which you recognize. The director tries to deliver a balanced narrative, trying not to take the side, never judging with either his father or his son, not painting a bad guy. What this film does, however, is clearly that Gandhi was a hard patriarch whose ideals might have shaped the nation, but apparently alienated his family. Of all the actors in the film, only Akshay Khanna really shines in the role of Harilal Gandhi who is deprived of happiness. It's a great performance, and it's not easy because the role covers practically the entire lifetime of the character. But Akshaie brings a rare fiction of innocence and depression to that section and succeeds in making Harilala a reindeer. Just look at him in that scene in which he reveals that his wife is dead, and you will understand how much he transmits only through the body language. In the meantime, Darshan Jarivala, starring Gandhi Senior, accepts the cartoonist approach to playing Mahatma in his later years, but this is the way in which humanity manages in the early years as a lawyer in South Africa, which is the best contribution to the actor in that role. Shefali Shah, a highly endowed Shefali Shah, plays Kasturbu, a woman who should be torn apart by her father and son, but if she is unable to convey this feeling of helplessness, then this is not her fault, for she is guilty of a modest letter. A lot of effort has been invested in making this movie, and this is obvious, but the film is suffering from this inevitable flaw that in the end is what you will remember when you leave the cinema - it's just so boring. Director Feroz Abbas Khan Gandhi My father is an honest effort to, but also a film he could do with a much stricter script. What we learn from the film is that Gandhi and Harilal have made each other very unhappy. And with this film and the director does.
