We've been watching Gandhi movies for a long time. And, in general, it is always light to portray Gandhi as a freedom fighter or a man with principles. But when I heard that a movie that would highlight Gandhi as the Father and emphasize his relationship with his Son, he immediately got my attention because it is one of the least explored territories because he has his dark side and fewer people. they showed courage to stay in it. Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director) did so. The story begins with Gandhi who works in South Africa and his relationship with whites and his wife. Later Akshai (Harilal) joined his father because he became a lawyer, but his dream reversed when his father (Gandhi) pushed him (or motivated him) to become a freedom fighter. This shows that Gandhi believes more in practical learning than in formal education. Harilal also tries to walk at his father's footsteps, but he did not succeed soon because his love for his wife, his children and his dream of achieving great success changed his way and then began the repulsion between his son and father. He finally defeated his father in the realization of his dream and left him under his conditions. He wrote back to India, but then he began with his unsuccessful stories that eventually became bigger and bigger. I leave the reader to watch a movie to capture an extra story ... Performance. First Akshai. So far, he has given the best results of his mandate and is absolutely convincing in his portrayal as Harilal Gandhi. The scene in which he reached the room where his deadly wife is located is the one in which the fine actor hiding / developing in Akshay is seen. Darshan rivals is also as good as MK Gandhi and capable of living such a great life character. He performed well and quite easily. Shefali Chaia (now Shah) as Kasturba is a great actress and has already proved her metal in TV shows. Bhumika Chavla also proved to be well, but the actress of her candidacy is a waste in this kind of role. The other actor also justifies his performances. Technique and makeup are also good, and cinema, especially because the Duo color tone was too good. The costume looks and coincides with the context. All in all, a movie that is worth a look and which is defiantly slow and impatient people will be boring, but it will give you insight into an area that is not brought to the silver screen. Also, the way in which the story's progress and the connection of the scene may seem weary to some people and critics, especially for an average movie viewer like myself, it's still enough to occupy me in my place to the end.
