I can not say that this film deserves to be close to the quantity of glasses that some reviewers have tampered with. Yes, it was overwhelmed by overloaded racing works, forbidden editing and excessive respect for special effects. He misses a lot of energy that the comedy should cause the average member of the audience to go through it without checking his watch. On the other hand, there are funny lines of laughs, talented and serious actors, as well as classical rooms for underdog. Maci, Stiller and Azaria are brilliant as the "core" team, and Garofalo and Studios work fine adding conflict and diversity to the team. I can not say that Reubens or Mitchell contributed much to the overall film, although everyone had several opportunities to shine. The plot, as I said above, is your classic "underdog-made-good" stuff. No surprises, because you know they will win. What makes him worthy is not absurd, nasty heroes and villains, but dialogue and interaction between characters. Below all this, these people are children in the heart, who just want to do well. The best scenes in the film give this film their emotional foundation. See Azari's relationship with his long-suffering mother; Macy's dear innocence in his unwillingness to accept Cap. Incredible secret identity; Stiler's anger (unlike that strange, sulky kid you once knew he would always be in trembling, impotent anger at the playground); Garofal's desire to revenge his father. This childish belief that the sense of justice and goodness will always make the world a better place is the real attraction of the super-hero of comics; and beneath his parody outside, "Mystery Men" shows us why these comic comics are important to so many people. It never gets jammed in a satisfactory whole, due to the huge number of semi-products. subgroups (romance, family life, conflicts inside the team, etc.), but the main plot is this fun game that it compensates for. The fact that this should be a good, meaningless game seems to have been lost to some reviewers here, so I will issue a warning: if you are the type of viewer who enjoys a cartoon and dashed cartoon destroyed by inexplicable and illogical ("Do I believe that this kind of .. * snort * ... _magic_kilophone? "), then you are too literally mindful and humorous for this movie. Instead, rent a Sandler movie. <br /> <br /> (7/10)
