I've been waiting for such a superhero movie for a long time. "Mystery Men" takes its place among classic comedies on television such as "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and cartoons like "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". The same spirit lives in all of them: the comical tongue in the face; the courage that the heroic life strives to direct to the risk of it being ridiculous; not so sure way that these characters manage to overcome their opponents. It is a denial of the spark of nobility in the weak and ordinary, and it is beautiful to see that the light is so high and bright here. "Mysterious Men" open at a party at a nursing home. I wish that Kinka Usher made sense to give more energy and life to the elderly on the scene. As it looks, it looks like something came up with George Romero. We must have the feeling that these old people are as sharp as everyone else, or feel patronizing. By the time the red eyes tear down the ceremony, you expect that out Vaits Tom, who plays the inventor of weapons with a penchant for the ladies in the eighties, to stand up and shouted: "What this party should be - a little excitement!" If the writer Neil Cuthbert had any meaning, Vaits would mingle him with the intruders and go into parties to do the same. This would make for an exciting start, and better representation of the troubling trio: Shoveler (Villiam Maci); Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); и г. Furious (Ben Stiller), who seems to be coming from nowhere to save the day. There are many other problems for the "Misters Men" in which I fell in love; Among them, the criminal Casanova Frankenstein should have had so much cultivated sense of absurdity as other people in this film, and he does not. Geoffrey Rush is the wrong actor for this role; he must be at the top so that the conflict between good and evil is galvanic. Rush never showed talent for outre. You hope mature teatriji John Lithgov in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or dry, neubjedljivoj uncertainty Paula Freeman in "Raiders of the Lost Ark." Instead, we get traps; Something that is half-closed and not fully realized. Too many of the ideas go through the "Mysteries Men" so that anyone could properly tie them together, and this could be his deepest problem. But whatever it is a mess, it's the kind of mess I love. Ben Stiller always seemed to be struggling with his roles. This is no exception, but he goes at it with such conviction that you got the feeling that he had learned something about comedy that grows in households headed by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roi is associated with all the putative, hypersensitive, chronically defensive types that Voody Allen made popular. And is making its way into feelings waitress at his favorite hangout (hungry Claire Forslani), or review the wisdom of fellow superhero (Worldwide Studi as the Sphinx), or make a new member of their "elite" group (Jeaneane Garofalo in what may have been the funniest moments in the screen) is difficult, it's always fun to watch. I could not say exactly about him in "Something about Mary." Jeaneane Garofalo proves that she should be the star of "One True Thing", not Renee Zellweger. I do not think I've ever seen a funny exchange between my daughter and father (okay, so he's dead, and his skull is in a bowling ball, so he sues me) in movies. And the funny part of this role is that it feels like a humorous replay of Emili Vatson's enchanting conversation with God at Breaking the Vaves. And in this version, the girl does not die, and the bells do not ring in your head. Villiam H. Macchi does something very difficult; He makes a magnet magnet. Immediately realize what attracted Jennifer Levis' Lucille to Eddie. You can understand her indignation. I would have had a barbecue enough to take me across the edge, but when Eddie's sweet, half-racial son looked at his father and said, "I believe in you, Dad." to which Lucille groans and cries: "Roland, do not encourage your father," you feel like you stand and salute Neil Cuthbert as a first class priest. <Br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (which is the only moment in the film until this moment was his goal in "The Birdcage") and Louise Lasser (Has it been more than two decades since we first noticed it in " Bananas "and" Marie Hartman, Marie Hartman? ") As a son and mother who share the affection for silverware; Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jai as his publicist; Kel Mitchell as "Invisible Boy"; Paul Reubens as "The Sleepen;" and Lena Olin, who, if she did not have several rows in this movie, seems to be visiting the set.
