****** WARNING: I CAN HAVE SPOILERS ************** So, who are these "mysterious people"? Simply put, mysterious people are a group of sub-heroes who desperately try to live their adolescent life fantasies, while destroying their true identities and their super identities. Shoveller (Bill Maci) is building the building during the day, and at night he leaves his wife and children at home while he is crossing the street looking for crimes to grapple with his extraordinary and unique style of shoveling. Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) sells dishes to young people in a day and throws table dishes at the hot nights, if his mom is not busy with the latest sniffing. Mr. Furious works in a waste yard to earn his salary, and then make his frustration at his friends at night, casting poorly imagined sailboats on friends and enemies equally and threatening to really get angry (leaving everything to wonder,?). Ben Stiller breathes such a life into this character, you can not dislike him. These three spend the night trying to catch that 'moment of fame' they dreamed of ... to become a real Super Heroes. Apparently, it could happen. Champion Citi has Captain Amazing, after all ... flying, fighting with a super-policeman with enough corporate logos on the costume to stop an extra shot-two. Greg Kinnear turns into a great performance as a middle-aged salesman trying to draw the attention of his fans to the twilight of his career. To return this 'extra magic' that could re-win support, C.A. releases Casanova Frankenstein, the VAAAAI supreme threat that Goeffrei Rush played to perfection. This crazy genius has created a 'psychophore' to win the Champion Citi in the reflection of his madness ... and finished capturing C.A. within a few hours of release from prison. This leaves only the Mystery people to stop Frankenstein's evil plan, but with such followers as Disco Bois who protect Frankenstein, the three will need some help. Recruitment begins, and after painful recruitment begins. , the team meets with Bovler (Janeane Garofolo), who initially had the only real talent in the team, with her mystical bowling ball, apparently an animated, vindictive spirit of her dead father; Invisible boy (Kel Mitchell), who complains that he invisibly turns into him when he does NOT look absolutely; Slezina (Paul Reubens), assigned to the mysteriously powerful inflammation by the furious Gypsy; and much of the underrated Sphinx (Ves Studi), who showed that he could cut the pistols halfway through his mind, and then spent most of the rest of the film going out in meaningless puzzles and acting too wisely. This film is really a genre. Anyone who wants to play a movie in tidy small categories leads a losing fight. This is the superhero genre / parody of the superhero genre - from pseudo-Burton sets recycled endlessly (and occasionally decorated with more fake material) to ridiculous bones, the comic genre gets a pretty good job. But at the same time, it's a serious superhero movie. Both at once. Although this is not necessarily a unique idea by itself (for example, this film in some way reflects the short-lived InCenter's fifth store D.C. Comic), it is quite innovative for the big screen. She offers a world of comics that requires suspension of disbelief to accept anything, then throws inevitably vanna-rage - and we all know, if the superheroes were real, then these guys would be real. If the big guy with S was flying around New York, he would see half a dozen newspaper reports about idiots in the underwear that regularly throw their mouths. Of course, Shoveller is struggling well, and Blue Raja with great precision throws forks - all parts of the super-hero's world. But does that make true super-heroes? Only in their thoughts. This film is also a comedy, though gloomy. Inevitably, when you try to point out the pathetic absurd nature of superheroics. One-liners fly while comic geniuses on the stage throw out numerous pieces of play. Janeana Garofalo with her bowler / father is especially wonderful. However, this is not a comedy in the sense of side-laughter or an eternally unforgettable joke. It interferes with the touch of drama, discovery and romance, but never completely goes into any of them. What really makes Masters Men a good movie, in the end, is that very engagement. Poor / lame good guys are finally justified and, for a great moment, they really become super-heroes; justice is served; and the film ends with a scene that resonates with realism (as much as possible realism in the world in which balls for bowling the fly, and glasses make a perfect mask). If the viewer stops trying to tag a movie, then the movie can be a great blow. Of course, no movie is perfect. Claire Forlani turns out to be boring and soulless as Furious's love interest, despite having a key role as his conscience. Tom Vaits confused himself in his own ranks as crazy inventor dr. Heller, although his opening scenes that are being redeemed by retired ladies in the nursing home are worth observing alone. And villians are never more than a shotgun shooting from a gun. Cinema is tense and unconnected (as happens in the average comic, so is justification), music sometimes outperforms the landscape, and special effects are never well integrated into the rest. Still, this film is incredible. You probably need to be a fan of comics and a superhero genre to really appreciate this movie, but it's a fun game and a good way to kill yourself for hours and your brain breaks. 8 / In my opinion.
