Although I have long been a fan of Peter Veir, I did not watch his Australian films until I watched The Last Wave. And that was a pleasant, unpredictable surprise. Richard Chamberlain plays David, a lawyer called to defend five Aboriginas accused of killing another Aboriginal. For David's peers, this is a clear case of drunken disorder, and they think that they should plead guilty and serve a quick sentence. But David believes there is a mystery under murder, associated with tribal rituals. As he continues his investigation, he learns not only about his clients, but also about himself. Disclosure would mean to spoil one of the weirdest movies I've ever seen. I can only say that this film goes in the lines that no one will expect. There are many elements that make this film a fascinating film: for example, Chamberlain plays; but also the performances of David Gulpilil, who plays a young Aborigin who introduces David into tribal mysteries; and Nandjivarra Amagula, who plays an old native who is a spiritual guide. The relationships between these three characters make the heart of the film. But there is also a way that Veir proposes supernatural in the movie. David has dreams that warn him about the future. Australia is going through a terrible time, with storms, a city collapse and even a mysterious black rain that can only be polluted. But this is also about the case that David defends. How this is connected is one of the great discoveries of the film. From small events Veir manages to create an atmosphere of fear and oppression, suggesting future horrors without showing anything. The photo is also pretty good. Russell Boid, long-time DP Veir who won the Academy Awards in 2004 as a master and commander, portrays a dark, creepy world full of mystery. Do not pretend in an indictment against white culture or an empty celebration of their traditions, such as Dancing with the Wolves or the Last Samurai. This film is too smart to be so simplified. Sometimes this can be frustrating, and can disturb viewers who expect to finish a movie with all the sense; but for those who do not interfere with some alienation or ambiguity, The Last Vava is a great movie to watch.
