The director of Kinka Usher remains true to her own charm, "Play right and they will laugh," and with the help of a top-notch actor, she made what should become a cult film of all time "Mystery Men". When a bad villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrei Rush) is released from a mental institution, seizes a local superhero, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), and threatens to take over the Champion Citi, three superheroes who want to be, Mr. The Shoveler (Villiam H. Maci) and The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. Frankenstein, however, has joined innumerable aspects of underground scum, and has become a huge opponent. The Troika understands that assistance is needed and decides to recruit; what they end up is nothing short of the most unusual team of 'superheroes' ever gathered in the history of the film. Mr Furious has his anger; Shoveler, his shovel; Blue Raja throws silver (mostly forks and occasional spoon but never knife); The invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible until nobody sees; Sphinx (Ves Studi), a heavy attacker from the south, is very mysterious and can break his weapon in half with his mind. Maybe; Bovler (Janeane Garofalo) can throw a ball with deadly accuracy; And Slezina (Paul Reubens) has a bruise that can disable the whole room. This is a brilliant ensemble that brings laughter, while not humiliating or patronizing watching the audience, playing it at any time. The dialogue is funny, and the performances of Stiller, Maci, Azaria and Garofalo are appropriate. There are a whole host of unforgettable, hilarious scenes, especially those that throw a party in the pool and barbecue to recruit and conduct interviews with a stunning group of applicants; and others, at the bar, when Bowler has a conversation with his long-dead father, whose skull is implanted in her bowling ball. The funniest of all, however, must be when the team really tries to save Captain Amazing. But these are just examples, because the entire movie is composed of one hilarious scene for the other, intertwined with a subtle humor that will laugh you for a long time and think about it. The true secret of his success is, however, that Usher makes all things real; relations between characters are true, and the whole concept of "superheroia" is played as perfectly reasonable, which somehow gives a sense of credibility to the whole process. In this world, the aspiration of the g. Furious and others are sustainable, and Usher keeps laughing without resorting to slapstick or full eyes. Strong support is made by Lena Olin (Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Toni P.), Tom Vaits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (mother of Blue Raje), Jenifer Levis (Lucille) and Pras .). "Misters Men" is a truly inspired movie that can be seen over and over again, with a new gig, which will be with every viewing, guaranteed. In the immortal Word of the Sphinx, "We are number one! All others are number two or lower. Is it a movie worthy of an Oscar? Hardly; but for good conduct and a lot of laughter, afford yourself this masterpiece of comedy; that's the real thing and you will not regret it. I rate this 10/10.
