I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 while I was on vacation. When I returned home, I went back to see him again. Keep in mind that I was twelve, but at the time it was the coldest movie ever. I even collected ultra-rare action figures (I have them all except Bovler, which is the hardest to find. They were made by Mr. Furious, Shovelera, Blue Paradise, Slezy, and Captain Amazing, in case you are wondering, there is an operational figure Villiama H. ​​Mation!) . I've been watching him many times over the years and is still my favorite, mainly because of my childhood memories. It's not the perfect movie, but definitely deserves another glance and maybe a cult sequence. Story: A bunch of low-level superhero saves the day. This was re-performed in the central, direct video spot "The Specials". But this is the other end of the spectrum: a large budget (a huge budget, almost $ 100 million I think) a studio comedy. Yes, the effects are too great, and huge sets and a beautiful production design are a little related to the action. But do not think this is a stupid, special effect and superhero movie - that's PARODI. They fight against a villain called Cassan Frankenstein, people. He has a psycho-factor, whatever it is (it's a drama device, he will take over the world, even though iada.) And the resident superhero Captain Amazing (Zapp Brannigan-eskue Greg Kinnear, with the logo of commercial products on his costume, a nice touch) is kidnapped. The time for the mysteries: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller, crazy), The Shoveller (Villiam H. Maci, wins people shovels), The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, Britons, Forks), Bovler (Janeane Garafolo, Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell , guess what he's doing), Slezina (the great Paul Reubens, the fart), and the Sphinx (Ves Studios, cuts the weapon halfway through my mind, I'm not kidding.) The rest of the fantastic actors of character actors include Geoffrey Rush as Cassan, as Cassan's bride, and one and only Tom Vaits as a crazy arms dealer. With Maca, Kinnear, Olin and Rush, there are four nominated Oscars (and one winner) and Tom freakin 'Vaits! It's not perfect. It's too big and there's a bit of corn (full of shovels). The dialogue definitely exceeds the physical comedy, which sometimes is missing (there is a guy who fights for his power, The Case Closed). The dialogue is definitely the peak, the cyclic spear of the Sphinx, the mixed metaphors of Mr. Furious, etc. It's a really fun movie (almost you forget that it was a movie that released "All Star" from Smashmouth to the world.) Sorry t, the film was not good with critics and audiences as it should have. Initially, a sequel is planned (the film is actually based on the comic book and the characters from the "The Flaming Carrot". The flaming carrot is planned to continue for which I believe), but it did not go well at the box office. It could have been difficult to sell, a superhero comedy with a guy from "There Something About Mari." It may have been the fact that it was released on the same day as "Sikth Sense" - which eventually became the biggest hit in August - and "Thomas Crovn Affair". Two other incomprehensible classics were released on the same crowded weekend, which is strange - "Dick" and "The Iron Giant". Critics have given MM a passing criticism, but it is quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, comedian Jeffrey Ross commented on Ben Stiller: "I saw" Mysteries Men "and I fired my agent." Ben is then seen saying the words: "I should." Do not listen to him. Give the chance to "Mystery Men".
