You know that people in the film are concerned when the stone boundaries with a fence have fallen from the blue sky. In fact, the weather remains pretty bad during this atmospheric thriller, and only Chamberman Chambers has an answer. But he is too European rationalist, I suppose, to get in touch with that inner being that is only revealed through dreams. Dark gloomy mystery on the metaphysics of director Peter Veira. He has already proved his skill in flirting with other dimensions at Picnic in Hanging Rock (1975). There is a mysterious world of Australian Aborigines that faces a strictly ordered world of dominant whites. Something strange happens in an Aboriginal community when he kills one of them for no apparent reason. The Iuppie lawyer Chamberlain should defend them in the white boys court. But the more he looks at things, the more mysterious things get, and the more interesting an old Aboriginal man is. And there are those terrifying dreams that come and go in weird times. Well-structured scenario deepens interest. One of the reasons for the film is the normal background of Chamberlain's wife and little daughters. Audiences can easily be identified with them. And when their little world falls into force beyond the usual framework, the normal state begins to close, and we get the feeling that the worlds are beginning to collide. Chamberlain is being underlined, especially during underground discovery where I think he should have shown an increasing awareness than he is. After all, it's collecting a mask that holds the key (I believe) in the puzzle, but its reaction does not actually register the revelation. Of course, the notion of a natural shock has a certain resonance now, thirty years later. In the film, the term is embedded in many fun hocus-experiments, but the subject remains reasonable. One of the ways of bringing central irony in the film is the symbolism of the introductory scene. Big white SUV passes alongside an Aboriginal family, leaving them in historic dust. The terrain looks like an internal tribal reservation that is not particularly important for the coastal remains of the industry. However, it is also a region that will most likely survive something like a destructive last wave. There may be something about the past and the future. In any case, this is a really good movie that will probably stay with you.
