"The Home Room" came as a complete surprise. He had no idea what it was about, but it paid off because there were no blows and what we see is how life changes with the action of an unhappy young man who decided to victimize his classmates, who are innocent victims of his unreasonable actions. Paul Rian, director, who works and edits his material, is a talented man who has been awarded some awesome acting cast. Alicia Brovning is an older girl who is trying to graduate from high school. She is away for several years and she seems to be not in the same wavelength as other students. First, she is a rebel with a punk look, a lot of lipstick and mouth that will cut anyone who dares to come near her orbit. Alicia was among the students in a room in which nine students died, allegedly murdered by her boyfriend. Alicia, we realize, is a wounded girl who went through a terrible temptation in her life, but we did not get any indication in that sense. What follows is the consequence of a tragedy, as it concentrates on the young woman who has survived. Deanna Cartwright is a wealthy teenager who was not supposed to be at school at all. When she was struck by a bullet rifle, she was hospitalized with more than a wound. She tries to overcome this dark period in her mind, but the nightmare does not allow her to forget. Alicia was made to go to the hospital by the school principal. Since he does not cooperate with the police, the head of the school wants to see Dean in his terrible state and may be calm and tell the authorities what he knows. Alicia does not like Dean, but in a few days both girls will calm down. We do not understand until the last set of what actually happened on that terrible day at school. Busy Phillips is excellent Alicia and Erika Christiansen is just as good as Deanna. Victor Garber, James Pinkins, Tailor Holland and the rest of the acting team play as an ensemble. The film has intensity because it did not explicitly show how shoots have taken place, which helps the tone that g. Ryan wanted to give this movie.
