Spoilers I liked later episodes from college and more, but I wish I could get the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, the latest I could get is the first college season. The teenage years were still sweet; although they focused a lot on magic, they also turned it into a character that teenagers can deal with, working with teenagers, and children in divorced families. This performance was very innocent; They did not embark on morbid teenage issues such as sex and drugs, but they resisted pressure to fit in. left the nest. The older episodes were sweet, but it was much better to see it as a (not really a teenage witch) but an adult witch. I loved Rocky and Mortgan; they were so talented! In the earlier episodes, aunt were great actresses, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but in some way they treated her as a little child, but not in every way. I think they justified it for every little mistake she made with her magic, I think she should learn from her mistakes once! That's what I liked in college episodes; she was able to learn from her mistakes without being grounded in everything; That was boring. Let's not let down Hilde and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and perfect for Sabrina with her Perky personality. I loved the last episode in which she escaped from Harvey's marriage, but as someone else said, it would be nice to see what happened later. I think it was obvious that they were married; where would you otherwise go to your wedding dress? But I wish I had seen it. I guess they want to leave the viewer to pick an end, not a spoon as he gives it to us, as most comedies do. Someone said they could show that they were getting married and going to school in the house, but they already finished college. Sabrina had a great job for a magazine and I think Harvey had a good job, because he lived in a nice apartment that we only see at the end, but they never say what he is doing. As a child they always talk about not wanting to be an exterminator like his dad. When Sabrian moved to the house of that season, they never explained how this happened. In fact, there are many things that the show does not explain, but I suppose it should be left to us and give us a mystery. Before Sabrina and her friends moved into the house, they show that Hilda is getting married and the whole magic that ends with Zelda being transformed into a child. Hilda returns to the last episode (and Zelda is in some other form, but Beth is not in the episode), but does not show Zelda's husband or what happened, as they had children? Maybe they did not want too much to happen in one episode. I also loved Hart's sister who played her spoiled cousin! She was a beautiful and great actress and it was interesting to see her grew up! I believe it's been six years since the show went down! I still love reprisals! Also, I do not know if anyone noticed it, but in earlier episodes, the city was called Westbridbe (a fictional city I believe was near Salem), but in later episodes it did not mention the name of the city called Vestbridge and I think it they call Boston, unless she worked there. Also, I wanted to add, I found an episode, "Vild Wilde Sabrina" in which she learned about the importance of the rule, to be insulting. She was 18 years old and was too old to be grounded; I would be insulted if my parents took me to 18 years. And I think that if the 18-year-old could ruin how she did it, she would have to find out the consequences. I think at the age of 18 they know the rules are important.
