I have this movie on DVD and I've been watching it thirty times. I really have to love him, do not I? Well, not quite. I was a surfer before in my life, and I loved that sport. To date, I am fascinated by good surfing. Riding giant has a lot of things, and that's why I'm a naive for that thing. But I definitely have some bones to pick them up. (Peralta, are you listening?). First, the film has too little faith in its theme. Wave cutting and regulation is such that most of them are somehow destroyed. Very, very few waves are actually displayed from start to finish. Peralta looks dependent on the hyper kinetic method. It's particularly bad in the mid-area on the Mavericks site in northern California. No wave has begun to end. Almost the whole section on Mavericks (a third of the film) is a good montage of clips with an equally disturbing soundtrack. I can understand the effects Peralta tried to make with Mavericks, because this place is a truly daunting blend of waves breaking bones in an ice-free ocean, but it goes too far. Mavericks is not just a bad trip. Waves are really there, even with great performances. It would be good to see some of them. If Peralta thinks this is a big sport (and I'm sure it is), why then insists that he gets so busy with the topic? Sometimes, editing reduces the film to an unattainable. In the Peahi section in Hawaii there is one quick video clip, which I still do not understand. Even if I run it on a slow motion picture on a DVD, the image is too fast to decrypt. There must be several frames in length at the maximum. Secondly, did the guys who made this thing ever find out about the underestimation? It's especially brave to watch the version of the director on DVD. These guys sound like two girls above the top. The same feeling appears in the main production. Every thing is always so damn "incredible," etc. One character is particularly rude - Sam George, editor of the magazine Surfer Magazine, who practically drinks in pants every time he has something to say. He greatly pulled the movie. In the film, a lot of effort has been invested. I mean, just to get old movie footage, like all interviews. The movie is a great story, and I think it's a fun and interesting game. The thematic is well-drawn out, with three parts centering around Greg Nolla, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton. There are some uses of still phenomenal photography. In the narrative direction they say that this is a new type of 3D technology and that it really works. The three main characters shine, both in interviews and in water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He rises to the peak of his sport in the way I saw Michael Jordan in basketball. And also, the story of his encounter with his father is a gem. That really touched me. Only the movie could have been much more. The last part of the film, when the credits turn, gives an indication of what it could have been. There are some beautiful panoramic shots of the wave with a magnificent soundtrack. (Soundtrack in the rest of the movie is garbage, although you may like it if you are a fan of the modern, frenetic rock school.) In any case, there are my two cents ...
