I remember seeing it when it was released, in the theater in Palo Alto, and I do not expect much. I mean - an Australian movie? But it finally came to me. Here's the scene. Richard Chamberlain sits crossed legs on the floor of a ruined apartment in Sydney, facing the Australian indigenous indigenous Charlie. you? "And Charlie at the intended pace responds:" Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? ... Are you a fish? Are you a snake? Are you a man? .. "Who are you? Who are you? Who are you?" It's a stunning scene, shot shortly, with Chamberlain's handsome face that fills the screen in contrast to Charlie's black, broad-nosed, bearded look. Two guys can not be different this film is a story about how Chamberlain accidentally stumbled out of his boring lawyer's existence into an inexplicable, almost indescribable, mystery of Charlie's world. I do not think much about talking about the plot. It's a kind of apocalyptic story. But I have to say, whoever conducted a research on Australian belief systems in Aboriginal, should get a plus. They have everything here, from showing the bone to the time of dreams, a kind of parallel universe in which the dreams are real. It is an extremely spooky movie without any musical sting or great special effects. Charlie's world simply begins to get into the Chamberlain dreams, for reasons that have never been completely clear. If there is a problem with the script, that's it. Nothing is ever completely clear. Does Chamberlain, who seems to have some extraordinary relationship with the Aborigines, die in the last wave? Are Aborigines? Is all Sidney? The basic premise is a bit difficult to accept, although it is recognized that it is a fantasy. Aborigines are invested in the spiritual power that Americans give to American Indians, while the fact that mythology is mythology, and one can be more complex or more satisfied - more elegant and finer if you like - mythology is still an attempt to transcend ordinary, demanding and sometimes disappointing physical existence. Charlie's mysticism is more convincing than Moses' miracles in the "Ten Commandments" by Cecil B. DeMila, but they are brothers under the skin. But I do not care about it. Seen as a movie, this one is pretty good, and is especially important for marking celebrities, Peter Veir and the Australian film industry. This was the first of a great wave of antipode films, some of which are noisy, such as "Mad Maca," and some are subtle and dramatic, such as "Lantane". I love Veiro's stuff, which resembles Nicholas Roeg in pregnancy with a subconscious fear. Try "Picnic at Hanging Rock" for an example of how to make a really cool film without a drop of blood.
