Wow! Staci Peralta was accompanied by Dogwon and Z-Bois with an equally impressive documentary about the history of the surfing culture in the big waves of America. By combining archival footage of insiders together with interviews from the legend of surfing, we are transported to the brave and free life of early pioneers whose passion for sports has created an industry that today touches the lives of millions of people. <br /> <br Getting acquainted with these icons and their stories that give the film a warmth. You can feel the respect Peralta has for this group while we hear reports of Greg Noll walking from a booth of boasting surfers on the beach to specifically spark a 50-meter wave on the northern coast of Hawaii. Or Jeff Clark, surfing on an unexpectedly dangerous Maverick from the north coast of California just 15 years before he was discovered and became a surfing destination in California. And the history of the book is Laird Hamilton, today's surfing icon. Listening to Greg Nolla with respect, he mentioned Hamilton as the best surfer who ever sent the wings to my spine. (Aside from, Nol, Clark and others were on projections at Sundance. He was deeply touched by the reception of the audience from him and the film, and he and Clark were as personal as the film.) <br The giant giants honor this extraordinary athletes at the same time rewarding us with an insight into the size and intimidating power of the waves they want to conquer, the vertical drops in the intestines that are needed to enter them, and the almost inconceivable combination of adrenaline and fear that the surfers will experience every time the monsters appear. All this and the movie has more. For those who did not live in California in the 1960s, we got an insight into the impact of surfing on American pop culture. (And, to my surprise, the influence of Gidget on surfing!) Peralta also provides basic information on some technical aspects of sports and the history of innovation in equipment. I am not a surfer, but like the rest of the Sundance audience, I was absolutely fascinated by this film. Peralta puts his claim as the Big Kahuna of American documentaries.
