The giant giants are a brilliant documentary that gets deeply into the world of one of the most underdeveloped sports and brings to the surface a very human and raw emotion that only the director of Staci Peralta could catch. Everything, from the structure, to the player, to the stunning footage, even to the style in which it was captured, only strengthened the beauty and power of the sport of surfing. Of all the surfing films I've seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step Into Likuid) this was the most consistent and most relevant. Beginning from an early surfing period (a short lesson from history) that lasts until Laird's unscrupulous ride, riders riding go further into the mind, heart, and soul of sports than any other documentary film. How does that work? Giving us the whole story, from beginning to end, without fiction or waveform to waves. To begin with this film was structurally sound. In other films I've seen on surfing, sometimes you find yourself jumping from a new person to a new person, waving, waving, doing the event, without any knowledge of why or to whom? In Riding Giants we have very few veterans and beginners. This allows you to truly penetrate deeper into each of them. Likewise, instead of just riding waves, the world is given more history and more personal insight than before. That really attracted me to this film. I was impressed that instead of showing all these great waves (because it is a great wave film), we listen to stories and see firsthand what these surfers had to master in order to reach these waves. I loved information about "boom on the beach" or about the eyes of surfing. I am still amazed by the stunning stories of Greg Nolls and his early adventures in a sharper blonde. Then, to personally see him, speaking about what is happening in his head, he only added more fuel to the fuel. The simple structure Peralta has allowed me to follow and go with more knowledge of sports than any previous film. Peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can not but be amazed by what these brave people have done and where the sport takes place. Add impeccable structure to some intense and creative cinema, and you're damn near the perfect movie. Using the techniques I last seen in The Kid remains in the picture, riders riding create some scenes that almost feel like jumping off the screen. Although it's not 3D, it's that flat dimensional feeling that you get when you place two images one above the other. In this film it was successful. This created more depth of scene, and indeed added not only the value of shock (the man who had these waves was huge), but also the danger that these guys were constantly facing. If it broke differently or mismanaged, these waves would kill them. Some died, but that did not stop the sport. It has just created more excitement and more passion for the better. It's love for the ocean and sport that brings me to my last point. Human element. Many of my early adventures in the world of surfing the documentaries left me wonderful waves, but very few people. The films knew that people were looking at waves, basically going from waves to waves and perhaps a short second about a person. This film was a direct contradiction. Peralta created this masterpiece by giving us waves, but devoting so much attention to the surfers and the immortal question as to why they do it every day. What runs through their minds, what drives them to go on, and the connections that are formed there somewhere in a wild blue. I felt like after watching this movie, I not only knew more about surfing the big waves, but also about the emotional side of the sport. This is an element that was not developed in other films and pushed riders to a completely new personal level. All in all, this film was brilliant. I have never witnessed so much passion, loyalty, and love wrapped in a structurally sound film. From the beginning to the end, I was impressed. I would be very happy if this film won this year's Oscar for the best documentary film, and to see a new birth in the world of surfing and open more doors to films of this nature. Rate: ** from *****
