"Film noir" is overly expressed when it comes to describing films. Every criminal drama is "noir". But "Where the sidewalk ends" is really a good example of what the genre is about. Very short, excessive detective (Andrevs) accidentally kills an innocent man who works for mobsters. The murder is accused of a father (Tom Tully) of a woman whom Andrews meets and falls (Tiernei). To save his dad from old Sparky, Andrew caught the rest of the mob and surrendered. Moral culprit policeman is driven by impulses from the past. His father was a thief who was killed trying to get out of jail. But this does not justify his actions after he accidentally excluded non-goodies in self-defense. He immediately goes to the phone to report an incident, but he hesitates. He is already in hot water with a division and this could end his career. Then, at the wrong time, the phone rings. Andrew's partner and Andrevs tell him that the suspect is not at home. He hides the body and later postpones it by killing a guard and throwing the body in the river. What motivates a man to do something so stupid? Okay. His job was in danger. But now he has committed several crimes. At least I think they have to be multiple. I was counting on the disturbance of justice, the attack, the disposal of the body without permission, the dumping of garbage, the first-degree muper, and false testimony against my neighbor. In the end, we do not know if the Root for Andrevs or not. The suspect did not deserve to die, but it was still an accident, because Andrevs did not know that the war hero "had a silver plate in his head." Perhaps such ambiguity made noir what it was, among other things, such as characteristic lighting. If the noir did not include anything more than black and white photographs, murders, criminals, mysteries, and suspicious women, then we should include all the films of Charlie Chan under this heading. Andrevs is nice Good. He is a kind of Mark MacPherson (from Laura) who is bitter. She never laughs, and rarely laughs, even when she sits across the restaurants in the restaurant of Gene Tierney, a situation that will probably cause smiles in many men. He does not have any sense of humor at all. Its several wise cracks are falls. When he pulls a chair into a cab, and the table says: "Carefully, I almost hit my head," Andrevs's answer is: "It's okay. Taxi is secure." Andrevs would sometimes look woody, but this is a role that calls for stubborn and humorous determination and is well behaved. His underestimation is perfect for the role. Little jerks or flashes project his thoughts and emotional states. And I suppose that director Otto Preminger stopped him to pronounce the bullet as "BOO flight" and the police as "POE-face". I could never opt for Gene Tiernei. It's OK in the role of Thomas Tullie's model, but she's like Marilyn Monroe in that you can not separate the adopted manners from real personal traits. Did Tiernei actually have such an innocent, almost sacred face? When she answered the phone at home, did her voice have the same singing quality as on the screen? Poor Tiernei went through some bad psychiatric things, before there were effective drugs for bipolar disorder. Andrew André, also a nice guy, although he seemed to be, slipped into alcoholism before finally recovering and publishing public service. /> In any case, this is a good movie as a good example of movie noir. Good guys are not all good, even though all the bad guys are bad. Perhaps this ambiguity is what makes it an adult picture instead of a popcorn movie. For boys, only one bullet is fired on the screen and no one explodes. Sorry.
