A Turkish bath in a movie night out in New York in the '50s, this must be a hint of something! Something that is strange, in all the previous comments, nobody pointed out, but it seems important for me to understand this film. A series of Turkish baths: a night street, a slipway in the sauna, and Scalise wrapped in a sheet, getting his thigh is massaging. Steve, the maser is a young rude boxer (Beefcake!) Tip, and another guy, bodyguard? it ends dressing. Dikon obviously hates what he sees there and immediately becomes rough. We know he's got a reputation for the crude suspects. Good cop, but easy to get out of control. Why does he hate them so much? Can she be hated. This part of him inherited from his father? That dark side that could bring it to the end of the sidewalk, into the groove? What if that dark side lurked in the "closet"? Remember: whenever Dickon encounters Skalis (3 times), the guy is on the bed, and he only has men around him for society (the irony of the poster "Girls" attached to the wall next to his bed!). Scalise looks funny: the endangered manner, the arrogant turn of the door, defiant, pushing his inhaler (poppers?) Into the nostrils every time he talks to Dicon. Dicon, with a vengeance, is inclined to turn Scalise, who does not seem to understand: "I've never seen a man as cold as you are. I consider it to be almost humorous the way you came for me alone." Like I'm special! Why? "Because Skalais is special: he is the direct successor to Dick's father:" Your father loved me "," Your father put me in a job. "And on top of everything, he prefers the company of people Dikon knows it well:" Who He killed him (Paine)? "You or one of your comrades for the game?" Plaimates! Pay attention to how each time they meet, Dickon's sleeves Scalise: he takes out the address book from the jacket, hits it and hits it. Scalise: "I warn you not to touch me!" Dickon's homophobia is obvious. Or to say differently: its unexpressed homosexuality. Dicon, aka Dikon's child, is the son of a thief. In response to this, he decided to become a policeman, good, but there is something criminal in him, the dark side: he is a violent copper, killer, a liar, in addition, is not married, brings "dizziness" to his familiar dish, there, but nothing else. Recognition of a waitress says she does not know how to make love with a woman. Dicon has a deep sense of guilt and hates himself for these reasons. A cover and a mobster like his old man. Blood will say. "Finally, in order to achieve redemption, Dikon decides to sacrifice: if he gets his alter ego Scalise to kill him, he will be released from guilt and free the girl and her father. The end of the film returns us to the initial Sequence: Scalise is pushed into the groove and Dicon deserves the right to walk the sidewalk and win the love of the lady. An unspoken subject of the film could be the right person to want to experience the feminine love (Jean Douchet) <br> to cover his suppressed feelings /> These notes owe much to the film commentary by Jean Douchet in French m DVD edited by CarlottaI
