"Where the sidewalk ends (1950)" opens, appropriately, the names of Dana Andrevs and Gene Tierneis on the sidewalk, while the dirty water flows between the grids of the sewer grid. Pločnik represents reputation, integrity and morality? Only thieves and delinquents walk in the channel. But even the most honorable men tend to misjudge occasionally, and when the pavement suddenly comes to an end, it's sometimes impossible to avoid getting shoes wet. Mark Dikon (Dana Andrevs) was born in a gutter, his father is a professional criminal, and spent his entire life returning to the sidewalk, constantly balancing on the sidewall of the sidewalk. As a police detective, Dicon wants nothing more than to show the competence and integrity his father missed, but he has a malicious array that can not escape. When his quick temper leaves the suspect dead for murder, Dikon becomes the father himself whom he despised, a cheap criminal who will deceive and lie to conceal his attack. Where ends the sidewalk was the only film that reunited Dana Andrevs, Gene Tiernei and director Ota Preminger after the top Laura (1944), although two films, no matter how much noir goes, can be further. While the previous picture had a strong intimacy story of homicide in the country houses, this film is more conventional than an urban urban police drama. Considering her incredibly memorable play, such as Laura Hunt, it's sad that Tiernei is not rude here, taking on a typical niche of a beautiful, helpless romantic interest (just like she did in the same year in Jules Dassin's Night and the City ( 1950) 'Andrevs, on the other hand, was rarely better, showing the toughness and unquestioning anger I did not expect from him. Gary Merrill is conveniently complacent as Scalise's chief of crime, but he does not seem enough for that role, and I think an actor like Richard Conte (played by Mr. Br ram in 'The Big Combo (1955)) is better suited to character; I did not understand that, but Conte appeared only a year earlier in Preminger's Vhirlpool (1949). ' Tension, as Dickon is trying to conceal his random crime, is absolutely a screwdriver ?? Certainly among the most serious sequences of their age? although I feel that the situation has not yet been exploited to full potential. The taxi driver was the only person who could decisively identify Dickon as a perpetrator, but Preminger rushed over the moment when he was passing Dickon on the stairs. If the witness was brought in while Dicon was repeating his own movements in front of the entrance to the apartment, we could have some real fireworks. And why, in that case, was not the evidence of the taxi driver immediately released Jiggs Tailor (Tom Tulli) from suspicion of murder? Bloody inconsistencies such as these are overshadowed by an otherwise excellent scenario by Ben Heht, who brings his fierce crime into the underworld with hard-hitting policemen and sages. Andrevs' sculpture and implosion cop, tortured by anger and regret, is rarely done better, at least equal to Robert Ryan at Nicholas Rai 'On Dangerous Ground (1952)'.
