New York Police Detective Mark Dikon (Dana Andrevs) is a guy who faces daily with his demons, and at the same time he is dealing with normal ups and downs of everyday life. The tension produced by his inner struggle and his intense hatred of criminals leads him to serious mistakes in judging and does not recognize the need to respect the code of conduct in his relationships with people on the wrong side of the law. He has a previous experience in dealing with suspects and known criminals with brutality and this has led him to confront his superior officers who censured him for the amount of violence he regularly used. Dicon can not reconcile these calls to restraint with their extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is disturbed by the fact that his father was a criminal and that he was left with a strong need to live by the image of his father and to avoid meeting the low expectations that many people have of him. When a rich Texasman is killed after a gambling evening led by gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dikon is assigned to that case. Scalise tells Dickon's superior officer detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden) that the victim was followed by Craig Stevens and his wife Morgan (Gene Tiernei) and that Paine committed the murder. Dicon goes to Paine's apartment and interrogates a suspect who is drunk and uncooperative, and when Paine hits him, Dickon hits back and Paine collapses and dies. Dicon continues to put the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife was questioned after describing what happened at Scalise's site, adding that her father went to Paine's apartment later that night to give him a question about returning home with bruises. Paine had attacked her several times, and her father, Jiggs Tailor, threatened that if he did, Paine would be beaten again. This information leads to the fact that Tailor was arrested and charged with murder. No one accepts Dikon's explanation that Scalise killed a Texan and that Paine was killed to eliminate him as a witness. Dikon continues to try to make Scalise convict, but ultimately realizes that the only way to achieve success is his goal to write about his role in Paine's death and coverage. He does it and also notes that he will face Scalise himself so that the police can arrest the gangster for Dicon's murder. The conflict with Skaliz and, possibly, the means by which Dikon achieves his own redemption, gives a tense and appropriate conclusion to this persistent thriller. worries while dealing with a series of accidents involving and following Paine's accidental death. Dicon, however, is not the only one who experiences an accident like Morgan, a successful model loses the job due to all the problems around him. Her father, who received a diploma to help the police a few years ago, is charged with unfair treatment for a crime he did not commit. Ken Paine, who was a war hero, experienced unemployment and a loss of self-esteem that led to alcoholism, and women beat them, and Scalise, whom Dickon's father put into business, also suffers from his misfortunes. "Where the pavement ends" is a fundamental story that includes a group of interesting and diverse characters and the main protagonist who is an absolute personification of moral ambiguity.
