Sharm Oto Preminger's grandiose, visionary film noir is that he has ambiguous intentions, issuing the dark essence of the central character, who is still burdened with life in the shadow of his criminal father. Dana Andrew's driver, a valiant policeman is portrayed as an outsider, irrational and destructive, which may change because he may have found a good wife to care for him. A worried man returns with his own tangled impression of rightness. The disturbing mood in the second half of the story by Ben Hecht's storywriter lasted in Andrew's tense play, Preminger saturated the movie with the relevant prose substance of style. We do not see and we do not hear the city at night; we feel it because Preminger allows us to see and hear even the most common and frivolous factors. Dana Andrevs gives a complex character that takes place through his traces of violence and hatred that always attack him. As the action takes place, it secretly intertwines into situational traps, but it is renewed by external works that can be seen in the visceral expression of the face of the old protagonists of the noir before it is performed. This reflection of the specific stage in the development of this genre is a fascinating, feral and shadowy noir film that is set in a dual climate of the underworld, where the hero is so distracted that he always gets out of anger, and although he loses his rational resistance, the principle of occupation and ethical limitations, he is still a good cop. Preminger only laughed at the drama of social awareness of a corrupted community within a vast city landscape, rather holding the thriller on Andrew's shoulders as an existential journey of personal consequences for a man with an Oedipal fixation that is separated from ever-the influence of the law on his side and the immortal perception of right and wrong . Production companies in the early 1950s looked at the picture of a social problem and made "low-budget, low-risk trilogers" like this, apparently trying to avoid the notion of conservative critics and social crowds. , there is an expressionist fact about Preminger's unique approach: every scene is injected with the feeling of everyday drama as a background for complication. Every supportive character must pull its own weight by doing something interesting, but not one of them is a caricat ra or depressed comic relief. For him, every character thinks they are stars, such as the confidence of Karl Malden as a missionary cop and a veteran waitress at the lunch desk. These are the stars - Andrevs and Gene Tiernei, both tortured by their futile attempts to subdue their emotional intensity - who do not want to be.
