Ah, noir. My favorite genre. Otto Preminger's continuation of "Laurie" is a film noir set up in post-war New York, where corruption and violence spread. She plays Dana Andrevs as Sergeant Mark Dikon, a detective whose brutal tactics dropped him into hot water with his superiors. When accidentally kills the suspect for murder, Dickon is trying to blame crime chief Tommy Scalese. Dicon is close to reaching the goal when he intertwines with a dead man's wife, the beautiful Morgan Tailor. Of course, in a typical noir fashion, things quickly descend down the hill. While the movie does not do anything interesting camera or story, it has a constant tone of fear and darkness. Like most brilliant nightmares, he also walked beautifully, sucking the viewer from the very beginning. However, like most Preminger films, it's not something I would be looking at again. He misses Vajderer's verbal wit, the visual luminosity of Hitchcock, or the spatial experimentation of Veles. Like Lance's later work, "Aidevalk" feels like a "clone" of what noir should be, instead of something really artistic. Thematic, the film is nothing special. It's about a policeman slowly becoming a criminal. In one scene, Dicon explains that his father was a little crook, the film flirted with the idea of ​​predestination, but this scene is how Otto went, or dared to take his ideas. Working with the camera is also disappointing. No intelligence in Otto's camera. No effort was made to give the camera anything. It does not play with space or architecture or empires the police procedure step by step. It's just a triangle with occasional dolls and exits. It's meaningless, although most people do not care about these things. There is, however, a good shot in which our hero is trapped in a car full of gangsters (a noir cage) that enters the vehicle lift (the second cage) and is taken to the main gangster lair. As Linch's "Blue Velvet," Otto retools the film, constantly comparing "up" with hell. This works well, but the set design fails to strengthen it. 7/10 - Otto seems satisfied to follow the Havksian mold of what is noir, instead of playing with opportunities where noir can go. Like "Detour", "Night in the City", "Scarlet Street", "In a lonely place", "Acts of Violence", "Bomberang" and "Johnny Eager", "Where the Sidewalk ends" one of them made the second row film. He is competent and attractive, but he's missing that special magic.
