Otto Preminger, completing the night-time cycle at Tventieth Century Foku, reunited his "Laure" leaders for this sharper, large-scale detective drama. Dana Andrevs resembles a policeman, but this time he hardened, cynically and charged with police brutality by his superiors - "You do not hate the hood, you loved to beat them!". Mark Dikon (Andrevs) despises criminals because his father was a thief. He does not want to be "Sandi Dickon's kid," so he became a cop, but his methods are rude and hateful. One night, investigating the murder, he unconsciously strikes the suspect, Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) so hard to kill him. Shaken Dikon does everything in his power to conceal it, intending to impose a frozen bandit, Scalise (Gary Merrill) for a crime. However, the blame falls on Pain's father, Jiggs Tailor (Tom Tully), whose daughter, the brand Morgan Tailor (Tiernei), is alienated from her husband, but is constantly attracted to her gambling schemes. Paine murmured his wife, angry with her father, who appeared in the apartment of his son-in-law, but not until Dicon was distanced from the body. Without better suspects, Jiggs was arrested and charged. Offended by guilt, Mark falls to Morgan and offers money for a lawyer. He nevertheless decides to take Scalise, but leaves a letter to be given to him in the event of his death, recognizing everything. In the end, he can not live with knowledge of what he has done, and allows the letter to be read by his superiors and by Morgan. Despite all the tragic circumstances, Morgan confesses his love for Mark and awaits him. It was great to find this movie on DVD, after so many years of television obscurity. Eddie Mueller, a film noir historian, makes a comment and does a good job, but I think his claim that the audience would not grasp the importance of casting the two traces, since "Laura" was made six years earlier. In this sense, he is wrong because they appeared in the Iron Curtain two years before the VTSE, and the film was a success in the box office. Andrevs and Tiernei were outstanding together, and Ruth Donnelli is a terrible comic relief as the owner of the Martha restaurant, which spreads the flame between a detective and a lady. Night city landscapes give the movie a danger. Garry Merrill is brilliant as Scalise with a low life, who had a criminal past with Dick's dad ("Your father loved me", marches Mark). Karl Malden and the younger Neville Brand are great. And Tom Tully is just touching and funny as Morgan's unjustly accused pop.
