Where ends the sidewalk (1950) Where ends, the other begins This is a prototype film noir, and as such, quite flawless, both from style and from the content view . Photo and night settings are the first percentage (the photographer Joseph LaShelle allows the drama to shine after the scene), while close-ups on the face are pure expressionism. I can watch this type of film only for visuals, even when the actors are struggling, and the action stinks. But acting here is the first, and the plot contains what I consider to be the core of most of the noir movies, alienated male lead (which represents many men who return home to the United States after the war and feel lost). In fact, not only is Dana Andrevs really convincing as a troubled, lonely detective, he has a small but important colleague in the film, the wife of the leading female, adorned by a former GI that has fallen on tough times and alcohol. The fact that one man kills the other can be of great importance, generally - a common man who is struggling with his inner problems to success as a soldier wearing a medal pulls into an accidental death with a silver plate in his head. The woman goes from one to the other - we assume they are married and have children as previously suggested in the film. Even if this pushes interpretation on it after the fact, we can still see the path of one man with some psychological luggage that breaks through the crisis to the most types of moral order - betraying a small crime precisely at the place he actually escaped with it. This film belongs to Andrevs. He plays a much more restrained and more moving kind of Kirk Douglas who plays a similar role in Detective Willy Willer's storyline made only a year later, and Andrevs is certainly less theatrical. You can easily see both films next to each other for a comparison and contrast session. The fact that Andrevs as detective Dickon is morally fighting for all this, and Douglas as detective McLeod is not, can explain why one man gets his girlfriend, and the other does not. Gene Tiernei pulls out the extremely cute, razorbidden and finally conventional and "beautiful" kind of woman - not just a desirable card, but someone you want Dikon actually marry. The criminal act is actually secondary to the main drama, but is effective enough in the game with types and clichés. The bits of the bits remain beautiful, small details (such as a craps for a craps), nice touch, away from acting actors or glamor gambling in Casablanca. But then, Curtiz's excellent film is iconic even in detail - he does not make any effort to be subtle, real and prodigious, but tired and unforgettable and inspiring. They come to the opposite ends of the war and pose the opposite opportunities for their leading people. Bogart begins his active duty, Dicon, and the man whom Dicon killed, are over. Through, thorough, but not exhaustive. It's no coincidence that many, perhaps most, movie ostriches have what you would call a "happy" ending. Man overcomes his opponents and transforms his inner self, and the viewer of the cinema, then even now, realizes how beautiful it is.
