I am a big fan of the noir movie amateur, and this film Ota Preminger easily stands as one of the best I've ever seen! Preminger reunited two of his stars from the hit Laura - Gene Tiernei and Dana Andrevs - for a completely different kind of crime film. Laura was based on love, and this film is based on hate; while watching police detective Mark Dixon, a cop who already suffers from his superiors for his tough tactics, accidentally kills the suspect and attempts to kill a murdered criminal; a man named Tommy Scalisi. The action was brilliantly made, and Preminger perfectly balances several plots; but everything returns to the main moral implications surrounding our main character. The fact that the film was set up in a criminal underworld means that the plot got an excellent basis for work, and director Otto Preminger skillfully grabs a more dreadful side of life showing the main characters of gambling, beat one another (and their wives). , shooting and more - and it also helps to compensate for a movie from the earlier "Laure", which was very much set up in a higher class society. The Mark Dickon's Role gives Dana Andrevs one of the most interesting parts of his career. Here we have a character that is hard to love because it is so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives ensures that it is easy to sympathize with it, which enables the audience to get involved in his condition. Character development is well-timed, and as we follow this character and its motivations throughout the whole movie; everything makes sense to the end. His actress is beautiful Gene Tiernei, who in the film does not have as much work as she was in Laura; a film Tirnias made with his head. However, it agrees well with what it has, and the leading duo chemistry is excellent, and Tiernei helps to end each scene in which it is. I can not say this is a better film than before Laura; It's a difficult thing to follow, but this film certainly fits into the film formula noir better than Preminger's earlier film. The film also represents a good comparative piece for Laura; as everything in this film contrasts with the 1944 movie, it's all unusually familiar. Recommended for everyone!
