At first glance, it seems natural to compare where the pavement with Laura ends. Both have noir quality, both were directed by Otto Preminger, and both stars Dana Andrevs and Gene Tiernei. But most of the comparisons end there. Laura dealt with elegant, sophisticated people with the means that she accidentally found mixed in the murder. Where the pavement ends in a completely different layer. These are people with only two nickel rubbing together, who are more accustomed to seeing a chubby of society than going to dresses. Where the pavement ends, a rough film is filled with desperate people who solve their problems with fists or some other weapon. Less time-consuming hoods are dozens, and police are routinely beaten by thieves. A complicated murder investigation looks natural as breathing. Although I have not seen all of his work, based on what I've seen, Dana Andrevs gives one of his best performances as a policeman, Det. Sgt. Mark Dikon. He is a type of policeman who is accustomed to harsh domestic hoods if he gets information or confession. One night, he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He does his best to cover it. But things get complicated when he falls on a dead man, Morgan Tailor (Tiernei), whose father becomes the number one suspect in the case of murder. As Morgan's father thought to her, Dickon must do everything he can to clean the old man without interfering. Technically, where the pavement ends is remarkable. Apart from the great performance of Andrevs, the film also contains an always pleasant Tiernei. It has the quality that can make even the darkest moments brighter. The rest of the actors are as tough as Tom Tulley, because the wrong defendant's father was honest. In addition to acting, direction, sets, lighting and cinema are top-notch. All in all, it's an amazingly well-made movie. If I have one complaint (and although this is a very, very small complaint), that is that Tiernei is almost perfect for the role and environment. It's hard to believe that such a woman could be mixed up with some of these rude characters. It's not really her fault, it's just the way Tiernei encounters. It works a little beautiful, polished and delicate. But her gentle, kind, confident nature adds the sense of realistic need to her portrait.
