Elegance and class are not always the first words that come to mind when people (at least people who could do something like that) sit and talk about the movie noir. However, some of the best movies of this genre, "From the Past," "Killers," "On a lonely place", "Night and City", manage the level of smooth sophistication that elevates them behind the tantalizing catch phrase and its connotations of shame, fedora, and fem-fatales. "Where the pavement ends," it's pretty hard to find a movie - the only copy in perhaps the best-equipped video store in Manhattan was a rough bootleg from an AMC cable channel - it belongs to the category With these classics. From the moment when the black cloud of open credits passes, the curtain is dragging around the ruinous lonely lonely Detective Detective Mark Dixon, and as the moments pass, he is a few centimeters closer, threatening to stifle. Of course, he is the famous "cop with a dark past," but Dana Andrevs gives Dicon a gloomy look and an upset intensity that makes you uncomfortable as it seems. And yes, he has been banging too long over the suspect, and the newly established boss (Karl Malden, in a typical robust and command trip) warns him "the last time". Still, Dikon hates these bullies to stop now. And the boy, did not they have that? "Hoods, dusters, mugs, gutter nickel-rats" spit when this hard nut of the boss is repelled and drawn out all the complaints received by the bureau about Dick's right hook. The advice is to cool down for your own good. But instead he takes things into his own hands. And what kind of troublesome world he finds when he relies on his instincts, and returns back to nature that can or must not be transmitted from a generation earlier. He is in close contact with police officers, trade union, and his partner. Dickon's dubious involvement in the "murder investigation" threatens his job, prompting him to wonder if it's simply a base like the one he swore to bring them. Like Bogart in the "Lonely Place", can he "escape from what is?" When there is no where to turn, he finds that he is practically condemned to his unexpected connection with seraphic beauty (the wondrous Gene Tiernei), who seems to be able to turn his infertility into something that returns home to. The pacing of this supreme film is tight. A group of writers who contributed to the production polished the script to a high gloss - the dialogue is fast, without the decay of parodied fodder, passionate, without melodramatic or sarcastic. And all this superb direction and acting is not too smooth or polished to free the emotional holding of the film. Angel Beauty Gene Tierneia is used for a great effect. She shows up as a great-reaching actress, and her gentle, kindly nature here is boundless as her psychosis in "Leave her in paradise." The scenes between Tiernei and Andrevs Dikon become more intense and touch closer to self-destruction. At the end of his rope, cut out, exhausted and exhausted, Dicon summarizes his part: "And innocent people can enter into terrible jams, too," he says. "One false move, and you're above your head." Perhaps what makes this movie so tempting to feel that things can be crazy wrongly for almost everyone - especially for someone who is so hard to do well - with one small shift in the wind, one wrong decision or blow, or, most horrible, due to factors beyond your control. Noir always reflected the darkest fears, brought them to the surface. "Where the sidewalk ends" is done in a realistic way. (The one hassle on the side: this sterling movie has a bold poor sound of a blue model that would not look like it was not at the Misteri Science Theater.) No> Noir fans - heck, ANI movie fans - who have not seen this for a great treat.
