In Vode the Sidevalk End, Otto Preminger reunites Dana Andrevs and Gene Tiernei, surely in the hope of winning again the magic of his Laura. But they are wildly different films, set in different layers of New York (not to mention the opposite poles of the noir of the universe). A fine Gothic Nebula floats above the top Manhattan in Laura, with her erotic obsession and a mild odor of necrophilia; Where is the sidewalk is a clean urban soot and gravel that builds basements, steam baths and parking garages. But it's like a fine movie as his respected predecessor and colored (Laura, by contrast, one of the 1944 films that the French called 'noir' was still a very sophisticated mystery of murder ). Daylight only enters very temporary suffering, and the director of photography Joseph LaShelle uses the streets and brown stone benches, the docks and El. This is essentially a big city - especially Big Apple - noir, as well as several others from the bumper in 1950, such as Side Street and Sleeping Citi, and Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. How the movie opens Police detective David Andrew is in the carpet for his brutal ways, especially his vengeance to the criminal boss, Gary Merrill (who we find out that he was founded by Andrew's father who is not doing well) . When the extraordinary mayor stabbed to death on a floating game led by Merrill, the hair of the trigger Andrevs guessed the witness, causing him a fatal cracks in the skull (worn by a steel plate embedded in the head of a veteran). . Realizing that his job is on the line, Andrew throws the body in the river after the suspect appears to have taken dust. Of course, it's far from ending. The body was discovered, his alienated wife proved to be Tiernei, and all the evidence began to turn to her father (Tom Tully), a hacker driver who had not only been crossing the same streets at night of murder but had enough reason to want his zet kills. But the indignant lone Andrews finds in Tierney's call for his better nature; trying to release her father while still keeping her secret in the whole business ... Not too epigramatically like Laura, the screenplay for the show "Where the Sidewalk Comes" (Ben Hecht) her own piquancy (in another dress, his superior says Andrevs: "Look, it's all messed up like a fagot in the barrel"). But while Laura spread her attention to half a dozen characters, here Andrews is only focused (even Tierney's role is far less central than her half-sighted Laura). And Andrevs may never have surpassed his performance here. It is firmly sane and silent, but never more eloquent than when his face silently records the torments brought by his stubbornness. He is a crippled patient who can find release only through a security valve of violence (even fights against his loyal partner, Bert Freed). To be sure, he finds a quick way to redemption, though he is a beautiful co-actress. But it was a style of time, and the sweetened ending slightly undermined this New York story of violence, corruption, and urban embezzlement.
