We're far from LAURA. Once again, Otto Preminger directs Dana Danaus playing a police detective named Mark, and Gene Tiernei is a beautiful woman who is pursuing him, but nothing else about the WHERE SIDEVALK PLACE resembles everybody's favorite sophisticated mystery of murder. Instead of delicate dialogue, we get a crisp, painstaking realism. While the earlier film took place in rhythmic higher layers of society in New York, we are here in the low-lying district of dark streets, hooligans, cheap restaurants and messy dwellings. Tiernei, as beautiful as ever, now works as a model department and lives in Vashington Heights (neighborhood "doll" who once got furry foxes from LAURA's Mark McPherson). This time Andrevs is Mark Dikon, an older, more sad, more problematic version of a cold cop in a coat. WHERE WOULD WALK AT AREA belongs to a sub-genre of poetry, films about police brutality, focusing on police officers who can not control their violent impulses. Like the character of Kirk Daglas in a DETECTIVE STORY, Dikon owes his own scornful scorn for the thieves of his father's criminal past. Where Douglas is self-righteous and blind for his own mistakes, Andrews is burdened with repressed guilt and self-indulgence. He accidentally kills the suspect and conceals his actions trying to cast doubt on the slick gangster (Gary Merrill) who has fled in vain for years. Instead, he is suspicious of a kind taxi driver because he is the father of Morgan's wife (Gene Tiernei). Dicon, in love with the wife of the man whom he killed, desperately tries to save his father without being surrendered. Among noir protagonists, Dana Andrevs had this difference: he was incapable of showing himself unintelligent. Even when playing the average Joe, as he usually did, he always appears as unusually sensitive and perceptive; moreover, his air of over-thinking reflection for his own comfort gives him that haunted-and persecuted-quality that was his essence as an actor. He played ordinary boys, policemen and soldiers, but always with a tragic stream of watching and knowing too. His conscientious heroes are marked by exhaustion, guilt, inability to "light up". No other actor could so well express anger in bottles, pain that slowly burns, painful intelligence of Mark Dicon. He also has a dull tenderness, a dull heat, and even a witty humor that makes him heartbreaking. This comes out when he gets Morgan to the restaurant he's been in, and for the first time we see that cold, brutal man who trades with the harasser, whose sarcasm does not hide her affection and concern for him. When Dicon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for Morgan's father, he delivers it even though they have recently argued and Dickon has hit him. There is no word about loyalty or know that he is a good guy deep inside himself, but we see all this in the tortile manhood of a man and the resignation of his wife when he handles the jewelry pie. Dicon's goodness strikes the reactions of other people to him, as well as through Andrew's deep-moving performance. Although Dana Andrevs was a smaller star, he could be a typical man forty years. It goes through some movies that almost never take off the coat; with this powerful silhouette of the Middle Ages, which was further strengthened by the Fedora, a glass of bourbon, a cigarette that does not pull out from the mouth as it speaks, it seems to be closed in the masculine ideal of toughness and noiselessness. While many noirs are romanticizing a duping, hard-boiled guy, WHEN IT FOLLOWS A REASONABLE, unshakable portrait of reality behind the façade, a strenuous and melancholic study of the roots and consequences of violence. Andrevs was a sad underestimated in his time (he was only one of the three protagonists in the BEST YEARS OF OUR LIFE, and he was not nominated for the Oscars, although his low performance is far more convincing than Frederick's Chimi, a drunk Oscars) . Fortunately, Andrevs appeared in some films that gave him immortality, and now, at last, this little-known film, which contains its best performances, can be seen as part of the amazing Fok Film Noir set. This series, including several never-before-published titles (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEI and THIEVES 'HIGHVAI), suggests that Tventieth-Centuri-Fok might have had the best record of all major studies in film noir.
