As a young teenager at the time, Airwolf was obliged to a generation that wanted their "Cowboys and Indians" to have incredible gadgets and explosions of explosion. In many ways, the show was essentially a Knight Rider in the sky: a similar technology of comics, a central figure that was essentially a loner, and echoing the concept of a man who makes a difference. But in other, important ways, it was thematically very different from Knight Rider, Street Havka, A-Team, and other action shows of that time. First of all, the premise of the series was built not by the desire to help those in need, but by having Stringfield's Havke from Airvolf for essentially selfish reasons (as a means of trying to find his brother MIA, St. John). And then there is the dark edge that he set up with the series firmly in the context of the Cold War of the 80s, along with Soviet spy and Central American dictators, not to mention the enemy from within. Of course, the A-Team has consistently returned Vietnam and the status of the fugitive, but this was mostly done with a slight touch and it was rarely centered on the plot itself. With Airvolf, the intrigue was crucial to the tone and direction of the show - although it was (badly said) diluted as the series unfolded. Looking back, the Cold War setting is clearly a series, many stories are creepy and fanciful, and much of what Airwolf does is unbelievable even with today's technology. But that does not matter. Airwolf was entertaining the ripping, trying to tell interesting stories, not relying solely on big action sequences, and he did not sugar be it by miraculously ensuring that no one dies. Sometimes it did not work, but it often succeeded - and on the television budget to start. For British readers, DMAKS (Ski Channel 155) has just started (Jan 2008) the daily launch of Airvolf. Set up your Ski + flank for this explosion from the past - maybe we even get re-tooled, re-cast (and sadly considerably inferior) the fourth season, which, according to my knowledge, has never been shown in the UK before.
