The 'last wave' is far more than the sum of its parts. This is not just a film about disasters, and not just a study of the spirituality of the Australian Aboriginal, and certainly more than a simple court play. The writer / director Peter Veir succeeds in bringing these elements to a higher level in order to produce a truly effective and thoughtful film with the same fervent atmosphere he gave "Picnic in the Hanging Wall" two years earlier, that you will remember years later <br /> <br /> When lawyer David Burton (Chamberlain) is called to defend Chris Lee (Gulpilil) for the death of Aboriginal for whom he may or may not be directly responsible, he is not only struggling to get the truth from Lee, but the meaning of what he hears when he comes . As with the Aboriginal belief that there are two worlds - daily and Dreamtime, the truth exists at two completely different levels, with consequences that are more catastrophic than Burton ever could have imagined. There is no doubt that the reason why "picnic in the hanging wall" is better remembered for its permanent mystery. We are guided by the same path, but we are forced to find the answers ourselves. In 'The Last Wave' we can put everything to the end of the film. However, even with all the information, we have to choose how much we want to believe because the film leads us beyond the boundaries of our normal reality. On the production side, Veir uses its budget to great effect, progressive creation of feelings of ruin in everything, from soft lighting, to heavy rain, to good use of sound. By-pass music is unobtrusive, never trying to be grandiose. Richard Chamberlain is able to convey the confusion that the audience will no doubt feel as he tries to discover the mystery. David Gulpilil perfectly shows a man trapped between the two worlds, wanting to do the right thing, but he is afraid because he already knows the end. Put all these things together, and you have the perfect example of why David Veir is a famous name in the cinema thirty years later. Recommended.
