George Cukor a high-quality suspense story about directing in the theater world with his usual, but firm touch. The performance of Ronald Colman, who brought him the Oscars, still stands in spite of a few overwhelmed moments? It is difficult to forget his haunted face as she struts around aimlessly social functions and trying to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting sub-texts and Cukor does an excellent job to make them clear without compromising anything too much. Screenplay by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant, stirring rarificirani theater world with the world of neglected street and comprehensively uses elements from Shakespeare's "King Lear" as a reference to the film the main theme of jealousy, and the Colmanovu obsession with identity. . A few interesting things about this movie? Superficially it can be dismissed as too frivolous treatment of everyday problems of the actors. In other words, if the art of acting required such a complete sublimation of individuality, soon to appear dumb actors psychotherapy that uhoduju street. But I really do not think that the primary concern of this story is acting or a job / art acting per se. I think Antony's fights are a wider existential issue, a deeply buried uncertainty about identity. I feel the key in his relationship with former wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he would never or could not become a good actor without inspiration. At another point he explicitly says that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married. I'm not sure what to say about it, but it seems important, especially because of his obsession with her and jealous of her which eventually pushed over the top. Perhaps the implication is that Anthony was in danger first of all by entering into a serious relationship. Marriage implies the "unity of the soul" in the traditional conception. It is unusual that male and female protagonists are divorced at the beginning of the film. This is not entirely without precedent (Hawks comedy "His Girl Friday" comes to mind, among others), but it is unusual and possibly significant, especially in light of the fact that they do not end up solving their romantic separation. In a way, the film could imply that jealousy is another form of self-love.
