**** BACKGROUND OF THE SPOILER **** In Australia, the summer turned into a flood of rain and fired stones of the size of baseball balls that caused desolation in coastal cities like Sydney. Under these strenuous conditions, tax attorneys David Burton, Richard Chamberlain, joined the case as a defense attorney, which included the death of a local native who was found dead in front of a bar in Sydney. After five of Aborigin's colleagues were arrested for Billy Cormanas, Athol Compton, a death was discovered by a police coroner that Billi died of drowning with violence, although he had bruises on his neck and shoulders. However, the court decided to file criminal charges against them for murder in lieu of murder. David defends five of them without getting any help in their defense, and the accused attackers have decided to stay pretty good and keep what happened to Billy for themselves and took what comes from the court. One of the accused Chris, David Gulpili, began to somehow attack David's dreams as if he wanted to tell him what was really behind Billie's death. David initially not getting his dreams of Chris seriously begins to feel. that their real is when they meet him in the courtroom. Chris confirms David's dreams by showing him the unusual black rock David saw in his dreams. Later he met with Chris and, as it turned out to be an Aboriginal shaman, Charlie (Nandjivarna Amagula) who came to his house that evening, David was told that he, like Charlie, had the spiritual powers he inherited from his mother's grandfather. He will be able to discover a future that is associated with the strange weather conditions that overflow the Australian continent. Earth, says Chris David, is going through a gigantic cleaning cycle with an old world that needs to wash and a new world ready to take its place. David is confused about what Chris and Charlie tell him, but as the rain continues to grow and the ocean waves begin to grow, he feels something terrible will happen. David wants to know whether it's all folklore aborigine or there are some scientific facts, or logic, behind their end of the discovery of a similar world. So far, it's obvious that both Chris and Charlie are members of the Aboriginal tribe. in the very heart of modern Sydney. It can only take Chris, as well as his four friends, for the murder of Billy. Because the Australian government will not prosecute tribal aborigines, leaving any kind of justice on the part of the tribes themselves. Nevertheless, Chris refuses to admit that she is a member of the tribe of the natives, and he and his four friends have been convicted of murder in Billy's death, with judgments that the judge will pronounce within a few days. David now decided to find out what was the reason for Chris's silence, and why Billy had to die, Chris took him to the crime scene. There David discovered that Billy had betrayed members of Chris's tribe by going there, and Billy was not a member of the Chris tribe. David was discovered that he himself had some kind of spiritual connection with the Austrian Aborigines, as Charlie and his stepfather Rev. Burton, David Parslov, said. The scene is now set for the great and final cycle of cleansing David sees in his nightly dreams and daily visions. It comes in the form of a massive tidal wave that flows from the Pacific Ocean to the city of Sydney on the Australian coast, and then sinks the entire continent.
