Ronald Colman plays the famous actor on Broadway who began to lose his mind and sense of identity. After years of playing a wide range of parts, one can not remember who is right - who is his role and who is the self. And much more seriously, he begins to see and hear his performance even in his everyday life. So, since she is currently playing at "Othello," she begins to act jealously and suspiciously - just like the title character. In the end, he leads him to the depths of insanity and murder. I saw this movie many years ago and I liked it. I just saw him again and I loved him. Now maybe some of my enthusiasm is because I've always loved Ronald Colman and it's a great triumph for him - and for that he won the Oscars for the best actor. And, watching the competition that year (Gregory Peck for the GENTLEMAN AGREEMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, Villiam Povell for LIFE VITH OTER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice because he stretched out of His usual comfort zone and much more demanding role. Now I noticed that one reviewer hated this film because they hated Shakespeare - and it took up half of their review talking about their dislike for him. However, this film is not exactly about Shakespeare, and it does not matter if you do not like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I admired the small parts of the play Colman repeatedly performed-though, as I said, this is NOT a really Shakespeare film. Instead, it's a beautiful portrait of an actor who loses his mind and mixes his stage-play with reality. It could have been ANY game, although "Othello" was an excellent choice for the scene of the murder - which later appeared in the film. All in all, a very clever movie due to a nice script - with some notes of the film Noir. Luckily, the acting was great, because Colman had excellent support from Signa Hasso, Shelley Vinters and Edmund O'Brien (who was particularly good - he played his part). And in view of the great George Cukor who directed, it's no wonder it's a great movie from the beginning to the end.
