I like my Ronald Colman, polite and impeccable, the guy you see in movies like "I'm King and Kismet". I love him as a symbol of civilization like in the Lost Horizon and the Random Harvest. Wise Colman is not my favorite. But in Double Life precisely because his part of actor Anthony John is so unusual for him, Colman was honored for the Academy Award for Best Actress in 1947. became his most famous part. Colman is an actor who really takes the method seriously. He just finished a successful race in a comedy of manners and he's a pretty cheerful guy. To change the pace now that this game has ended its Broadway, Colman brings the revival of Othella to New York. Contrary to what you can get. His main lady in both is his ex-wife Signe Hasso who loves him expensive but can not take a change of mood when at work. Colman loves her very much and wants her back. But he moves to a mental breakdown when he begins to confuse the jealous Moore Otel and Hassoom with his role as Desdemona. her madness and she is coming closer to poor Desdemona in the show. Killed in the same way, and now it's a question of Joe Savier's killer policeman. Colman's performance is so good that someone wonderfully asks if it's a professional risk with the actors? I would tremble so to think, whether there were unresolved murders in or around Lawrence Olivier and Orson Wales, then they described Otel. I could never buy a story for that reason, but I certainly applaud Ronald Colman and what he did with this work. I'm sure there was a regret in winning the Oscars, because one of the other candidates was his good friend Villiam Povell for life with his father. The others in the race that year were Gregory Peck for the Gentlemen's Agreement, John Garfield for the Bodi and Soul, and Michael Redgrave for mourning became Electra. Brien is in the unwanted part of Cassia in Colman's jealous fantasy. However, you will not find any Iago equivalent in Dual Life, no one who instigates jealousy, it's all in his mind. And it's from one of the most cultured and most respected minds of the last century.
