DOUBLE LIFE has developed mysticism among film fans for two reasons: the intricate idea of ​​an actor who has so wrapped himself in the role (here Othello) to pick up the big hand of that character and put it into his life; and that it is a movie that won Ronaldo Colmano Oscar (as well as the Golden Globe) as the best actor. Let's first look at the second point. Is the greatest role of Anthony John Colman, or even his role? I have doubts on both levels - but this is among his most famous roles. Most of his career, Ronald Colman played a decent gentleman, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He is Bulldog Drummond (cleansed of Goldstein production not to be arrogant racist) fighting crime. He is Raffles, a big cricketer and an even bigger burglar, trying to get his best breakthrough to save the honor of a friend. He is Robert Convai, the great imperial political figure, who was abducted and brought to this paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar, who is struggling to death after learning that his masterpiece has been destroyed and knowing that he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendill to this list. But this is not heroic here. In fact, he is unconsciously malicious - he kills one person and almost kills two more. It does not matter that he is obviously mentally ill - his behavior is antisocial. For me, Colman was supposed to get an Oscar for Heldar, or Carton, or Convai - all the more typical for his acting role. But the Academy has a long tradition of selecting atypical roles to award its goods to leading members. Colman's Anthony John is a very good performance, and at one point he's really terrifying. When she is alone with Signe Hasso in her house, she is at the top of the stairs and he's at the base, they have a quarrel. He asks Tony to leave, saying he will not see him. He stares at her, his face is strangely secured in a way he has never used before, and says, "Oh, no, you will not!" It starts to move up, scaring Hasso, and she runs into her room. He stops and leaves. This is actually the real point of his performance - even more than his assault on Hasso on the stage, or Edmond O'Brien, or his murder Shelley Vinters. He showed his blind anger. For that moment, it was (for me) an Oscar-worthy performance. But that's just the moment. I'm glad he was recognized for the role, but he was supposed to get a reward for a more consistent performance. His actual performance in the Shakespearean role of Ottel is not large, but tolerable. It often allows the dialogue to be removed from the language in some kind of forced style of singing (it is asked if it was because of Walter Hampden's training, which he probably knew how to act properly with that role or reaction to it). Today, "Otelo" plays an African-American actor more often than white. Paul Robson's great performance in this role has set this new tradition to its place. But the three most famous film performances of this work are Colman, Orson Velles in his OTHELLO film, and Laurence Olivier in his film OTHELLO's production. All three white actors played a role in a black face. My personal favorite of three is Velles, who looks most subtle. But even watching Velles' fine movie version makes me angry that Robeson has never managed to make his appearance (with Jose Ferrero as Iago) on the film. Now the first question - can an actor wrap in a movie role? I heard different things about it. Some actors admit that they have the role of home with them from a theater or film set. Others have found a role they have to stimulate, influencing them to a new cause of action in relation to their lives or some aspect of their lives. But in fact I never heard of someone who became a killer as a result of a role. It seems to be a melodramatic idea. In fact, it was not a new idea in 1947 with Cucco, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944, "B", THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER, starring John Loder, used a similar story about an actor playing the dishonest type "Jack Ripper", who begins to commit such a type of murder after an accident affects his mind. There was one earlier film of the thirties of the last century, in which the actor playing Othelle becomes jealous of his wife (I think the title was MUŠKARCI NISU BOGOVI, but I'm not sure). But because of Colman's name and career, and Cukoro's directing, it's DOUBLE LIFE, what people think about when you remember these ideas. She even got a comedy (finally) in the CHEERS episode, where Diane Chambers is helping a former prisoner who may have an acting talent, and put OTHELLO in the bar, just after seeing Sam Malone's love. Only Diane is aware of the problem of the personality of a former convict and can not postpone production for a long time (trying to start a discussion of the history and symbolism of the drama). The play A DOUBLE LIFE was the first step, and the direction of Cukor was as safe as ever. So, the movie is definitely worth watching. But, despite giving Colman a very different role, it was not his best work on the screen.
