Legend of Dragoon is one of those little-known games that people either love or hate. Some people claim it is too similar to other games, or the Final Fantasy series - which is understandable, since it was originally intended to be Sonny equivalent to Final Fantasy. Frankly, I can not comment on similarities, because I'm not well familiar with FF games. I think it's my favorite aspect of the game fighting system. Not only do you have the ability to convert into a more powerful form of dragon, but every time you attack, you must pay attention to end the attack by pressing the keys at the right time. Not only that, sometimes enemies will attack you right in the middle of the string, which means that you have to press different keys to avoid damage. Even the use of certain attack items requires a little knocking of the button. If you do not want to attack, you can always keep it, which not only reduces any damage done in half, but raises your points without the use of medicinal beverages. FMVs are pretty good. done, about the same quality as Final Fantasy 8's. However, the graphics during the game are not entirely in line with that standard. They are beautiful, but they could be - and honestly - they should have been - better. Translation also leaves something that is desirable. Not only does it raise interesting character issues, but there are some grammatical errors that you just should not go through. Another thing that was interesting to me was to lose the main party signs - one dies, while the other basically becomes useless for the lot and leaves. While it is often said that the death of a character does not make sense, it seems that at the very beginning you realize that characters, while heroes, are still as deadly as the next person. People who replace lost characters simply get all their statistics, so the game in transition is pretty smooth. Perhaps one of my objections to the characters is the interest of the love of the protagonist, Shana. She is the content of a helpless woman who needs salvation, pathetic to the extent that the driver has driven her to screaming from frustration. Although you can use it in your party, it's crazy, I do not even know what its genius powers are, as I do not like it so much that I have never used it. Lyric Rose, on the contrary, is probably my favorite female character in any game ever. She is not a weakness, and some of her genius magic is extremely useful. Meru is also quite strong, and at times it is a boring conversation. Character designers, like most, tend to make women's characters look nice or anything else, and they have not thought much. the real utility of the equipment. Seriously, without armor and most of the exposed skin is not helpful in fighting the monster. But I will give them props because they have females that serve as knights in various countries. I can not comment much about the plot much, as I honestly did not pay much attention to where I had to go to the next one. I'm not sure if this says anything about the action itself, or about my game style. All in all, it's a very fun game. It has its drawbacks, but for me it has struck the right balance between thinking and pressing buttons and killing the monster.
