This two-component TV series is not as good as the 1966 original, but it's solid. The original used a huge number of things - everything was in black and white, he had an excellent jazz score and was filmed in the right locations, including the home of the convicted Clutter family. This was important because in the book and in the original movie the house is very characteristic. This remake is recorded in Canada, which I think is doubling for Kansas. The story tries to be so sympathetic to Perry as he dares and Eric Roberts plays him as a little feared person, his homosexuality barely hidden. Roberts's gentle job eventually does not work, because it's hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith finally exploded in the grip of murder. While Robert Blake took Smith, you were not doubted that his Perry Smith was an extremely dangerous character. Anthony Edwards was excellent as a bombastic, big voice and eventually cowardly Dick Hickcock, a brain suit. His performance is very well compared to Scott Wilson's role in the original film. Since this is a longer movie, it gives more time for the development of the Clutter family, and in that sense I think the 1996 film has an advantage. Clutters are just an extraordinary, decent family. They never hurt another soul and it is simply inexplicable that such a decent family is ultimately intimidated in such an intimidating way. It still bother me that, after Clutteri closed in the bathroom, Herb Clutter did not move out of the window so that at least his children would have the opportunity to escape. This film came to his mind, but too late. From what I read about the real home, which still stands, the way the bathroom was configured, could open the drawers for the counters and effectively barricade the door that would force the killers to break through. I bought the time for some of Clutter to escape. Why Clutter did not try this, I have no idea. Book lovers will recognize that this movie takes a lot of freedom in the way the crime is committed, but not too serious. However, it interferes with viewers like myself who read the tones of the case. The actors who play the police, led by Sam Neil and Leo Rossi, are equally excellent, much better, I think, as a group, but actors in the original movie. They know that in order to secure the neck around the neck, they must force them to admit it. And the officers come to the interview with a perfectly prepared. Already they found probably an alibi fake story of going to Fort Scott, and they uncovered every point. The police then let Smith & Hickcock get into their trap. Hickcock is b. an artist who thinks he can convince anyone of anything, and the cops allow him to tell his story with respect. But when they lowered him, he broke up very quickly. He is very well recorded and acted and very satisfied with watching, because the viewer should naturally despise Hickcoc especially at the moment, a cowardly cognac that needs to be easily manipulated by Smith to do his murder for him. Allegedly, Hikkok later stated that the real reason for the crime was not to steal money from disorder, but to rape Nancy Clutter. At least this degradation has been spared. Actors who play Cluttera are very good, especially Kevin Tighe as Herb Clutter. The story is carefully concerned with Mrs. Clutter's emotional problems, most likely a clinical depression, and Ms. Clutter shows extraordinary inner strength when she firmly and forcefully demands that the killers leave her daughter alone. From what I read, Clutters' surviving family was particularly upset by the fact that Bonnie Clutter was shown in the book, arguing that this was completely inaccurate. But, aside, both killers referred to the police as Mr. Clutter asked them not to torture his wife for a long illness. Capote could invent the fiction that the character Bonnie would have been more interesting, but the killers certainly had no reason to misrepresent Mrs. Clutter and there was no doubt that much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in movies) was immediately behind the killer's recordings. It would be ridiculous that Herb said that it was not true.
