Like everyone else, I've seen and studied most of the books and movies dealing with the murder of disorder, including several dramatic works based on the actions and psycho-mythology of the participants of the crime - including the Kapot itself. As for Capote, I can not forgive him for deliberately denying Perry Smith's confessions, intimacy, and letters, even by defense counsel. I believe that the truths and facts that Capote "reserved" for their "book", which required that Capote's two convictions and sentences of death, almost certainly provide a successful defense against madness for Perry Smith, even under the old McNaughton rule. Capote himself could never have written another great literary work after "In cold blood". Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he voluntarily encouraged and planned a brutal death sentence in order to provide the spectacular ending needed for his book / drama. To him, they both had to die to make his book succeed. The book had to be justified by pretending to be the horror of the death penalty. His actions and silence secured that icy cold conclusion. Capote's book is not true. It's neither factual nor journalistic. It is a drama and melodrama spiced up with its creative-psychotic imagination. What most people regard as the virtues of the contemporary first film are the sharp images of Capote's mind, which may have been the coldest blood type of everything. It's no wonder the viewers are ironic but necessarily prefer Blake's performance. This actor IS is the nightmare of Capote's dishonest fantasy. Well, who will say how these two killers need to play? Who can judge what a fundamentally poetic psychotic shock could make from exuberant kindness and kindness to "do now" killing? I agree with a few who in the work of Eric Roberts see the magnificent performance, Shakespearean in his reach, who nevertheless played heartfelt honesty. Anthony Edwards takes a much safer "behavior" to create a stink Hickoka; but he is one-dimensional and boring, with only a few notes in his television range. Roberts is almost four-dimensional, adding physical weakness and agony to a strong animal body, the Frankenstein Creature that thinks in poetry and knows exactly what NE needs to do. Like Leopold apropos Loeb, Robert Perry Smith is hopelessly in love with the evil man. Without Hickoka or the man of his specialties, Perry Smith would not bring his psychotic mind into the world of horror. He fears more than he fears anything else in his life. Given the freedom from Capote's death on the awareness of the murders of the clutter, Roberts and Edward are free to create original personalities and psychoses to make a different and new production of drama. The same facts, some of the same lines from the file, but deeper, more complicated, with clearly titanic psychotic stresses - in fact, Roberts is so good in this fluid madness that physically and physically demonstrates at any time how little awareness there is and where he is . What many of our reviewers do not like in this movie, especially Roberts, is that cold-blooded killings are not shown in the way they expect and are manipulated to be required. This is because we see a much deeper, realistic "interpretation of life and death" than Capote could ever create - a real tragedy. Really cold-blooded killer, g. his hypocritical artistic "novel without fiction" does not control these interpretations and performances. If "Cold Blood" and Kapot's effect on life, literature and truth are as valid as scientists say, then Courage is needed, as well as a talent to show the truth, or a version of truth, which is not rank, cowardly lies were derived from the depths of Capot's own abyss.
