I'm from Sweden and I just watched this movie and the thing is, I thought it was OK. I've seen many bad comments about it, but you have to remember that many people who watch these two parts of the series are located around the world, not just in the United States. Also remember that not everyone has heard of a film made in the 1960s, and maybe not for events (murders). And even more ... it's hard to find the original movie, and if so, there are always people who do not like black / white movies. This feels fresh and colorful and will find its audience. He's 12 now, but I saw him for the first time. I will try to find the first one if I can compare them, but I have not seen it in any country in Sweden. It's the Internet, but not for everyone in the world. The point is that it's mostly part of the history of American crime and it was big at 50-60: just in the US, but in the rest of the world that passed, I suppose. It has been said for some time, but 40 years later it will disappear, for example, in Europe, because time passes. We had our own problems and crimes, so if somebody does the remake of a movie and return it back in some light, it's not a bad idea at all. The new generation can take part in this terrible story, and even a film about Capote that was released just a few years ago, and I think it was a pretty good movie. This will increase interest in the events that took place 50 years ago and may prevent it from falling into sleep. It started and I'm looking for Robert Blake-version so it was not that bad ... huh? These are my opinions. Some people will, of course, agree, but hey ... that's fine. Sometimes it will be fine with the processing of old movies. Not every time they are good old. Film shooting techniques have developed a lot and the scenes can be more realistic if they want it today. It's always a matter of money of course. There were so many movies that were filmed in "good old days," but they also lacked money, bad directors, etc. And they are processing them today (50 years later) and suddenly they are fine to watch. My friend got this box of old classic horror films and s / f and I can not say I was impressed with the so-called good old days. Most of you coldly put it in the waste bin directly. They were so bad that we just sat there like zombies ... they could not move ... like a dead brain. I can not recommend them to anyone. Some of them saw remakes and I remember that they like ... but not the originals. They were just sick, horrible. This is like an old story about who was the best Bond ... Moore or Conneri ... I think if you see Roger Moore, you might find him one you trust or as ... Thank you for me and I'm sorry for my English , that's not so good. / Lars from Sweden
