I consider this family film to be pleasant and pleasant even though I am not a child. It is based on the concept of high school, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) who discovered that an elevator in its high-rise building is becoming a time machine when the key in the chain of keys that it received from a blind scientist turns into an elevator lock. She teaches how to control the machine (with some uncertainty about time). The film is not a work of serious science fiction. You need to ignore the usual paradox of instability associated with changing the past through time travel, i.e. The past changes in order to prevent the Valker 1881 family from becoming poor, but the change means that the family never entered into financial problems, so Victoria would not tell Susan about her mother's financial problems, which means that Susan was not supposed to have Reason to change the past! But in addition, there are some nice details in the story, such as an old plate of lifts, found in a woman's house who secretly invented and installed a time machine, with no room for a lock that activates the time machine function. . As with many children's stories, we should also assume that the child will not share stunning information about a time travel device with a parent or other adult, but to hide travelers in time. It also requires neglecting some bad scenes and uninspired performances by some adult actors. (Children's actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Bonnie and Matthews Harbor) were very convincing in their parts.) In one scene in the 1300s, Americans observed that Susan watched and photographed them. But they do not see the surprise in the sudden appearance of this blue, white girl in a distinctive dress. Their answer is to simply stop what they do and walk quietly toward Susan. In the same scene, the Indian mother carries what should be a baby, but it is so obviously a doll (her white skin and head on her head). Timothy Busfield, the award-winning actor who originally became famous in the old TV "Thirty Nine", gives a somewhat uninteresting, sometimes volatile performance. In another extreme sense, Michel Perron remembered him as the supervisor of the Italian building (domar), as did Richard Jutras in his role as a curious neighbor. (The name of the neighbor is Edward Ormondroid, which is the name of the author of the novel on which the film is based.) I assume that these problems can be the fault either of a director or of a possible budget. Despite these defects, I recommend a movie for children. In addition to an interesting story, it also has a certain educational value, as it points to how much technology and social norms have changed in just over 100 years.
