Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer living in Sydney, Australia, who has been taken to the murder trial for five men of aboriginal charges charged with murdering a colleague born in 1977 in The Last Vave, the apocalyptic thriller. Crossing where Picnic in Hanging Rock was stopped, the film goes deeper into the exploration of the unknown, and in that process, it shows the gap between the two cultures that live side by side, but they have no understanding of the culture and traditions of others. Veir shows that white society believes that original beliefs are primitive superstitions and believe that since they live in cities and are "indifferent", their tribal laws and culture are no longer valid. From the very beginning, Burton is pulling deeper and deeper into a strange network of visions and symbols, where the line between real time and "dream time" evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence in which a sudden thunder and storm impede a quiet school break Burton's discovery that when he flooded the water and that the water was going down his steps. As the violent and unusual time continues with the episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the light scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives is clear. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study books about the Aborigines and learn about the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When he calls one of his clients, David Gulpilil, to his house for dinner, he was upset when he discovered that he was the object of an investigation by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadiwarar Amagula), an enigmatic Aboriginal wizard who was involved in the Accused. As Burton's investigation continues, his clients hinder his work by refusing to discover the real murder events. After Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that the Aborigines were killed in a tribal tribe. ritual because he "saw too much", although Chris refuses to recognize it in court. Burton, who was more and more disturbed by a mystery he can not discover, says to his priest: "Why did not you tell me that there are mysteries?" This is a legitimate question, but, according to the priests, the Church answers all the mysteries. Burton now knows that he must reveal the truth for himself and enter the tribal underground caves. Although we do not know with certainty what is real and what is a dream, he faces face to face with his deepest fears in a terrible climax that will leave you to think about his meaning in the early morning hours. /> In this historical period, in which the Homies of Hopi and Maya foretell the predictions of the "end of history" and the purification of the man leading to the Fifth World, the Last Wave, though 25 years old, is still timely. The Aborigines are portrayed as a living culture, not the one that is completely subjugated by a white man, but it is disturbed by the sense of milling we seek, but not quite visible. Veir opened our eyes to the mystery that lies beyond our consent to reality, but it maintains the orientation of a doom that sees the possibility only in terms of fear, showing nature as a dark and uncontrolled power without the indication of the spiritual beauty that lives on both sides of time.
