The film "Opening" by John Cassavettes in 1977, what critics usually call the work of such a significant artist, is "overlooked". This is in itself a great movie and one of the best portraits of the middle-aged crisis that has ever been recorded. It's not the perfect movie, it's about half an hour in two and twenty-four minutes, and a bit too much emphasis on the drunkenness of the protagonist Mirtle Gordon, played by Gena Rovlands, wife of Cassavetes, long after we realized the point. But the only masterpiece by Voody Allen, Another Voman, who also starred Rovlands, eleven years later, is a better portrait of the inner conflicts of an elderly woman. Nevertheless, Rovlands won the Best Actress award at the Berlin Film Festival for this portrait, and it deserved. Often this film, written by Cassavetes, is easily comparable to his earlier and inferior film, The Woman Under the Impact, but this is a false comparison. Roveland's character in this film is very mentally disturbed from the very beginning, as well as from the background of blue collar, while her characters in this film and in Allen's film are both artists who are persecuted with apparitions. In this film is the spirit of a dead young woman who can be considered a Mitterlean junior double, while in Allen's film is her past? Many critics have taken this film as a portrait of an alcoholic, seeing Mirtle surround himself with helpers, such as a stage manager who tells her during the premiere: "I've seen many drunks in their time, but I myself" I never saw anyone like a drunk like you who could stand up. You are awesome! 'But this is wrong, because alcohol is not her problem - nor did her chain smoke. They are merely distortions of anything that really compels her to destroy her, and much to Cassavetes's admission, as a narrator, he never allows us to find out exactly what is wrong with Mirtle, and despite the fact that she ultimately comes , there is no reason to expect that she really solved any consequences. This endless resolution connects Cassavetes directly with the smarter European directors of the recent past, who were pleased not to reveal to all audiences and forcing their viewers to think, even if it hurts. Still, the film perfectly recounts the effect of a drunk or a raised fog temperature, and as such, the viewer is again subliminally involved in his drama. Whether Myrtle Gordon is recovering or not, after the space perimeter of the film is left to her for each viewer to decide, and as we saw before the lid is closed, one's choices are important.
