Looking at the movie John Cassavetes, Opening Night, I recalled what Quentin Tarantino said in an interview about personal experience in creating art or acting. He cited an example, for example, that he overtook the dog while on the road to act in the performance that this would not be the end of his life, but that it would affect him, and that, no doubt, he would have to bring this experience with him on stage even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," as he said, "what am I doing?" I could not help but think of his words when I watched the character of Gene Rovland, Mirtle Gordon, who spent almost a whole week in a very similar scenario. This has more to do with Cassavetes's film, of course, because it's about how a theater works around an actress, what emotions and human nature mean when looking at a character, and how it all lives (like Mirtle Gordon) is a theater. Near the beginning of the film, after she left the show, Mirtle signed the autographs and one such fan called Nancy comes to her favorite star and pours out her heart to Myrtle. It's a bit of a touching moment, but it does not last as it must go into the car (rainfall and so on). She then terrifiedly watched the girl, who was standing right next to the car while driving, struck another car in a car accident. She is not sure what actually happened, but then she learns that the next girl died from a blow. Since then she has been astonished in a way by thinking she is outside of her system. At first, this is shown in small ways, as when she picks up the scene with her fellow actor (played by Cassavetes) and can not seem to be affected - he blames it for a lack of depth in the image (the author: "I hope," says Myrtle) - but then Nancy begins to appear to her, an indication that Myrtle is real, until she suddenly disappears. Cassavetes, like in previous movies, is after searching for what it means to have emotions, to really feel something and feel, or a lack of it, and how it affects others around the person. This is not a completely new field for Rovlands, who had previously played a woman on the edge of a woman in the Woman under influence (in this case because of alcohol), nor would it be extraterrestrial territory for Costar Ben Gazzaru, who just emerged from the act of killing a Chinese bookmaker. But actors express everything relevant to their characters in every scene; Cassavetes does not tell them how to get from A to B in the scene, and they do not have to. In Cassavetes' movie there is a mood that surpasses sometimes a stupid camera. You know, for example, Myrtle is kind of content, even if it's not a conspiracy. But she is haunted, and is dissatisfied with the lack of depth of her character and tone of pieces ("Aging, who is going to see it?", Pita's playwright), and begins to hit those around her. The question soon becomes, but not what is common. A conventional dramatist would make a clash "Will she be able to go on stage, will the show continue?" This is not important for Cassavetes, even if it's there, as well as the question: "Will she be okay?" Perhaps she could go through such a strenuous game as "The Other Woman" that would help her to develop her own demons and lose the grip of reality (looking at Sarah and attacking full strangers, wondering what the hell is going on)? Or will the lack of hope of the performance burdain everything else with it? The depths that Rovlands does with their character are intense and horrible, and this is not expected to mean that it was duller than a woman affected by it - if nothing else, it is just as good as the film to be honest about the person in this profession, and therefore and other shows are true, from Gazarre to Nancy, played by the subtle Laura Johnson. Cassavetes' answers to their questions are not easy. One of the real excitement of Opening Night, as well as excellent actors who perform an incredible script, is to see Cassavetes take over the theater the way he does not. We see the show - and this is obviously a real show - and we just know little about it. When we see the actors on the stage doing it, waxing and losing ourselves between engaging in what is happening in the melodrama (conflict of relationship and affair and occasional slap and domestic violence) and the improvisation of actors. I wondered at how much it was really improvised, how much Cassavetes allowed other actors to work in scenes where Mirtle began to wander or, at its peak, was completely broken. And he's on the stage, so it had to be something for them to do it in advance and to let what's going to happen. It is funny, astonishing, calming and sharply. things, some of the best theater scenes that have ever been filmed in the film, and we see lines between actor on stage, actor on film, actor with actor, blur together together. The Night of Opening is a powerful drama that is full of honest talk of death and madness, reality and fiction, where is love between people, and really, finally, what does 'action' mean?
