John Cassavetes "The Night of Opening" is fantastic and fascinating; fantastic because it plays with the deepest fears we have in our imagination, fascinating, because we never stop surprise. With its very long duration of two hours and twenty minutes, anyone who appreciates the characters will not be able to take a look from the screen. The Story of an Unstable Actress, Mirtle Gordon, (Gene Rovlands), trying to unite in the show, fighting the demons; "Opening night" does not just talk about a woman at the edge of the breakdown, but also the complexity of the lives of theater actors and the theater world. All Cassavetes characters are experienced people who know the world of the theater; so that half the movie takes place on the stage, either where performers perform their work or in the backstage, where producers and writers and directors are doing their job. it turns to the audience, but the audience in the cinema. Because there is another audience in the movie theater, which does not know what is really happening and laughs because they think it's all performance. And that's essentially what it is; only the audience in the theater does not see the "backstage" the way we do it. They do not experience the splendor of Gene Rovlands before reaching this stage, but most importantly; they do not know why they behave the way they behave. Always I thought it would be difficult to be a friend with an actor. Myrtle (Rovland) says she is an actress and that's the only thing she knows to do; and I imagine that if I have a friend who is a professional performer, it would be really hard to say when telling the truth, because I would know that he is an actor and can lie at any time at any time. Many of the things Myrtle does during the terrible experiences that the film passes through it? We suspect it is real; And other characters are suspects. There is a writer, Sara (Joan Blondel), who can not understand why Myrtle does not understand the character she wrote for her. There's the director, Manny (Ben Gazzara), who can not accept the fact that his best actress is losing him; producer David (Paul Stevart) who does not know where to stand and Mirtle's star Maurice (Cassavetes himself), who can not cope with the love they have for each other. When she witnesses the death of teenagers, fans; All of this comes together and affects Mirtle, but nobody knows if its misconceptions are real. They do not say anything because they do not want to disturb her, but the film enters the state of the subconscious that only Mirtle accepts. Sometimes we can say that everyone had it. In those moments, Cassavetes's brilliant script describes the terrible brutal sincerity in the words that the characters say in a discussion behind the scenes; and not just what everyone says to Mirtle, but what they tell them. Here are the people who are not afraid to tell their minds and constantly change what they think, just like Cassavetes's way of filming the movie. And in this aspect, performances are more important here than in "Shadows", because the characters are included in a larger picture; a bigger story coming out of the trivial. But in another aspect, the real way of filming the movie, this film does not differ from "Shadows". There is one great thing in the way that Al Ruban's camera shoots characters. When someone talks, the camera does not focus on it, it shoots on the person listening; so that we can see how he or she reacts to the things that others are saying. Sometimes they do not care, sometimes they are happy, sometimes devastated. Improvisation could still be there, among all these wonderful performances. At the end, there is an unexpected scene in which Cassavetes and Rovlands begin to talk, non-stop. Whether this is improvised or not is not something we have to ask ourselves. We just have to watch; and watching them exchange life experiences and see the words really live in a conversation that means much more than what it shows? It does not become more natural than that.
