Sometimes it was suggested by Pauline Kael, who was never a fan, that Cassavetes thinks she is not like a director, but as an actor. What Kael thought was his alleged lack of sophistication as a director; In order to further understand this comparison, I do not always think that Cassavetes directs himself into a movie, it seems that Cassavetes enters his creation, like Orson Welles. Kasavet is just as brilliant as Wales, but more important than a true artist (unlike technicians or rhetoric). This is like crossing between Italian passion (although Cassavetes is actually Greek) and Scandinavian introverts. Never before had the inner demons been so physically exposed. It is a mystery of becoming, performing and acting. Like the record with Skip James, he has echo's ghosts all around. Rovland's faults, which are astounding and almost operative, are surprisingly coming from Kasavetes, followed by a nervous, disturbing piano. Who is this dead girl? Metaphysical possibilities are infinite, and it is incredible to find this kind of thing in Cassavetes movie, just an open display of intelligence (there is a short voice at the beginning). But then, he was always intelligent, he never waved to praise him. This is not an "adaptation"; here, the mixing of reality and fiction and drama is not to show wisdom, but to show the inner restlessness and confusion it creates. So much of this is happening. Pure, joyful love when Rovlands salutes her portrait; horror when struck ... The scene in which a girl talks about how she dedicated her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations of understanding what it means to be a fan of someone. You can see some of the roots of this in "The Star is Born", and Almodovar borrowed from it "All About My Mother". I think the end is a bit of a disappointment for laughter, but the preparation that leads to it is almost disgusting. (You can shoot me, but I think alcoholism, despite its urgency in many scenes, is a relatively small point in the movie.) It's a living thing that breathes, and it looks like a process: at any time can go any direction. Like "Taste of Cherri", we remind you that "you must never forget that this is just a game." Still dangerous: when Rovlands says that line, is it a great drama? How will the audience accept it? Is she reflexive or not? Her (characters) failures are incorporated into performances, and at the end of the film, in a way that is like the testimony of the woman James Dean. 10/10
