Yesterday I went to a monthly antique flea market that comes to town. I really do not care about such things, but I went to the community of friends who have such an interest. Looking at over a hundred sellers, passing through many of them quickly, I noticed someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the movies he had on DVD was quite new; The oldest I noticed was 1940. Cari Grant-Irene Dunne, co-starrer MY FAVORITE WOMEN. But VHS cassettes, by their nature, were mostly older films. I could not resist buying something because they were sold at 3 cassettes for $ 10.00. What kind of contract, as Eddie Murphy said. I came across a movie about which I have heard for years, but I have never seen: OPENING THE NIGHT of John Kasavettes (1977). Well, I certainly wanted it to be the fan of Gene Rovlands, and I heard that this film contains one of her best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I saw that 20 years ago, at a time when I probably did not have enough life experience to appreciate it. And I wanted to use the contract, so I myself grabbed it. My second choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). When I returned home, I decided to leave aside the job I was planning to do so that I could watch the NIGHT OPENING. I was completely fascinated by this film. She focuses on Mirenna Gordon, a famous actress and screenwriter, who, during the examination outside the city, has personal and professional problems that face both her face and the topic of aging. After a rehearsal, a greedy fan and an autograph hunt her with scream (and tears) "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan was hit by a car and killed. This begins with Mirtle's descent into himself where he has to face his own fears of aging, the future of his career as a mature actress and the disadvantages she finds in the show itself (written by a much older female dramatist played by Joan Blondell). Through a film he sees a dead girl, an obvious symbol of her past; drinking almost permanently; and gets the dishonest support of her director (Ben Gazzara), the producer (Paul Stevart), her skeleton (personally John Kasavetta) and the playwright. In fact, they are more concerned about how its behavior will affect them and their career: flubing lines on the scene, improvisation of new lines, mainly breaking on the stage, and arrival at Broadway opening completely drunk. This story works not only to solve aging issues, but also to promote Kasavet's dissatisfaction with the main creation of a movie. While watching a movie, I was sometimes surprised, confused, funny, downplaying, but eventually involved, fun and pleased. Kasavete really had a great sense of humor, he was very concerned that his audience understood what it implied and wanted to be emotionally involved in the story. He is a true allusion to ALL EVE using passionate theater lovers, even dressing a young girl in a raincoat and a hat like Anne Bakter at the beginning of the movie. This allusion most obviously works as a support to its theme of aging, the contrast of the elderly and younger woman. He also obviously uses contrast as a symbol for Mirtle's opposition to his lost youth. At first, I felt that the symbolism was too obvious, but then I realized that it was Cassavett's intention. He does not want his audience to be incomprehensible about what he has come to; if they are, it would hinder their emotional participation. This spirit of youth persecutes Mirtle, attacks and wants to destroy it. Mirtla eventually "kills", but before she really can reconcile with herself and the game, she must reach the bottom (another figurative death?). So, Cassavettes had been so drunk that she could not walk and had to crawl to the locker room the other night when the show opened on Broadway. It rises (it helps itself to get out of such situations, it is also important for the subject of the film) and makes the game successful by giving a great performance and changing the direction of the game for better improvisation, so it contains a gesture of hope for aging characters she plays. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavettes and Rovlands actually played in front of a lively audience, who did not know they would be part of the movie. Performance that works and acts as a contrast: it is mainstream and self-serious about the issues it deals with, that is, until Mirtle changes its dissolution. In this way, it also improves the work of its actresses. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved through improvisation) between and between human beings, subjective realism and universal truth - these were Cassavett's problems in making films. Gene Rovlands is incredible. Of course, she has this great face, and Cassavettes (notoriously in love with her during their marriage) treats us with numerous large plans, so that we can feel her emotions and know what is happening in her. She cares so much about you that you want her to see her coming out of this soul. And that's what attracts your attention for 2 hours and 30 minutes of work. The film deliberately moves and requires constant attention, but anyone who is interested in good filmmaking and great acting will be rewarded. Someone else said this is a movie for people who love movies. All others have to be warned. Look for OPENING NIGHT if you have never seen it. Everyone in it is great, and that's one of the best Cassavett movies.
