*** out **** Yes! Dressed to Kill is a kind of movie. It's like California, but it's different. To remember? That 1993 film starring Brad Pitt as a serial killer "welcomed" by several travelers on a trip to California as a friend who could be a good company along the way. When I watch a movie, I always like to know nothing about the plot, before I watch it, because the surprises can be even cooler. That was the case with California. When I first watched him last year, I never realized it was a film about uncertainty, so when I found out, I was shocked, and when the film continued, it became even better and I was on the edge of my seat, almost kissed my monitor, so close I was! So, we're talking about trained killing, is not it? Before I watched this movie (today!), I only saw two films from Brian De Palme, so I can say that I do not know the best of his works, but I can tell from afar that these two films were for me as much as they would they could be. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I watched Carrie on TV, I was really desperate to get a copy of the DVD and I can say: this movie is great! Mission: Impossible. I also watched the third movie of DePalme today. Well, Dressed to Kill is a movie like California. When the film continues, it's completely different from what you would expect. I looked, very curious, the scene of the museum, where Dickinson followed the mysterious man to his cabin and ended up together in the apartment room. You can guess what happened there. But when the film arrived at the elevator scene, the film went completely different. I watched the rest of the movie, and I really liked it. However, there are some low points ... Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Let's take, for example, a mysterious man from a museum scene. I always hoped he could say something, but he never did! It was completely funny and undoubtedly something that made me change my mind by not accepting this film at least as a masterpiece. Even on the taxi scene, where Dickinson tries to apologize for what happened in the museum, a completely silent man grabs her, pulls her into the cabin and starts to kiss. You know, it reminded me of the Mexican TV series of the 70s "El Chavo Del 8", where some characters are completely silent. Passing along these lowest points of the movie, it's actually a great movie, given the uncertainty, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is cool as detective Marino! He reminded me of him as Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays almost the same kind of character. Well, the conclusion of this review, the ending of Dressed To Kill is the same end as in Carrie! I do not know if I really liked it because I hate imitation! I understand that Kerry is a movie from DePalma, so this is not actually an imitation, because his idea was still! But this proved to be a repetitive idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could do something else instead of showing Nancy Allen to wake up from a bad dream in the same way as it does to Amy Irving at the end of Carrie. Of course, that was, of course, another low point. But if you go through this, you will see that Dressed To Kill is a really good movie, and I assure you that this is not, in any way, a waste of time watching it.
