"Dressed to Kill" is the best Brian DePalme film, an absolute driving excitement of tension, humor and style that is unmatched today. DePalma has a Boom boom in Hollivood, as most people claim to have snatched Alfred Hitchcock. He does not do it. Hitchcock could only dream of what DePalma shows in his thrillers. Unfortunately, the original uncut version "Dressed to Kill" is no longer available on the video. The current copy posted by Goodtimes is Jack Valenti approved rating. But some copies of DePalm's original cut still exist. It's the one who distributes Varner Home Video, in a green cardboard box with Angie Dickinson on the front page, or in a black shell box with a theatrical poster on a silver coat. These are the ones who will get, if you can find a copy. I have green and it is among my precious things. Anyway, let's go back to the story. Dickinson starring Kate Miller, a sexually frustrated wife whom dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) cures for his obsessive fantasies. While on the way to the museum (DePalm tour rights in terms of work with cameras and uncertainties), Miller was picked up by a stranger. You can pretty much guess what's happening to her, because the commercials and art in the box give the story. But there are several complications. One whore (Nancy Allen) is the only witness of the murder. Son Peter Keith Gillon (Keith Gordon) is a teenage genius determined to solve the crime. And the telephone answering machine of Dr. Elliot has a certain message ... about the missing razor ... I do not spoil the movie for you, because what I described above takes place within half an hour of opening and the biggest surprises of DePalme are reserved for the last hour. This film, however, is explicit, enough that Valenti (head of MPAA) seeks cuts in the film. What surprises me is what he wants. Several cuts in opening the shower scene and one or two scenes and some of Nancy Allen's dialogue (Valenti wanted to change the "penis" into a "bulge"). This is a film that is very violent and bloody, but objections to sexual content. I would like to hear Walter's explanation of how seeing two women in a gentle love scene in the "Lost and Delirious" is somehow more harmful to the young mind than Arnold Schwarzenegger threw people with a chain gun. It's just not fair. What makes "Dressed to Kill" is so good not only that technical credits are the first, but the performances are very good too. Michael Caine, who was in a lot of shit at this time, gives one of his best performances as a doctor. Angie Dickinson is better than usual, probably because she has a strong role here. Nancy Alen adds this to her spectrum of performances, which is listed as one of the most honored and contemplated actresses in the world. Keith Gordon is gorgeous as a genius and I loved all his inventions. DePalma is one of our best directors who never received the recognition he deserved. The recent joke on the list of AFI 100 best trillers has shown that very few people actually know what a thriller is. If they really opened their eyes, they would see that DePalma had put his career in the thrillers and was actually the best master. This is even better than "Psicho". It's a shame that few of them actually know. **** of 4 stars
