I just finished watching Dressed to Kill, written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD also had an "R" rated version, and an unversed version. I chose an unversed version. Since I have not yet looked at the rating of the "R" version, I can not be completely sure of the difference. there is still a very graphic graphic representation of female nudity, including the scene of explicit expressions of complacency in this version. And I suppose you could call this scene soft core pornography. the thing can offend you, I suggest you look at the "R" rated version. but I digress. Any comment from here refers to an unrated version. This is the murder mystery / psychological horror / uncertainty of the movie.there is very little violence and yet, one death sequence is a note. The very act of killing is quite graphic. Regardless of the fact that blood itself does not look real. to compensate for the violence of the act itself, give the scene a lo. The bulk of the violence, or rather, the possibility of such, is implied. The movie is very well lit. As far as I can tell, each scene has a purpose, which I consider very rare in comparison to many of today's films. in any case, I also thought the performance was good, especially Angie Dickinson. And Micheal Cane turns into a quietly underestimated performance in his role, which works perfectly in this case. people could be considered predictable. The only complaint (and this is actually more observation) is that I thought the character Nancy Allen could have been even more pronounced, especially given that there was plenty of time for the screen. I think she does a good job with what she was given. And it does not take much of the quality of the film. The film also has a strong moral point, which is even more relevant today. hit you over the head it.and also I really liked the music score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi, felt that it was very similar to music in the original Psicho. To me, this music really did raise the movie. And she thought this film was brilliant. For me, Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10
