It can contain small spoilers. Dressed for murder, after seeing her for the first time the other day, the movie is with some great sequences, some decent performances and nice, though apparent Hitchcock ripoff, tangle the turn at the end. It's a shame that some things, quite obviously, prevent them from being a classic. Trained in the murder deals with the mystery of a killer who killed at least two women (it could have been more than a movie Never tells us), and a search for a killer by three people: a smart kid whose mom was a victim , a lively whore whose only one can identify the killer, and a psychiatrist whose patient was the mother of a murdered smart child. There are a number of well-performed performances, including Nancy Allen as Whore Liz, Angie Dickenson as a sexually frustrated victim Kate Miller, and Micheal Caine as Dr. Robert Elliot whose secret is more than it seems; although no standard is really one of the best. On the other hand, Denis Franz, who will later be a great character in the same line on hit NIPD Blue hit, is ashamed of being an excessive, merciless, hateful detective, although he takes a little screen time so he does not hurt the film so much. Keith Gordon, a child with a brain, is decent, but it's almost too wise to really be convincing. The scenes with a sexually frustrated mother in a museum are brave and well-done, as are the later sequences that lead to her premature death. I also love the sequence in the doctor's office, which reveals the identity of the killer, which really makes the entire film united at once. And there is also a screen of a split screen that I thought was almost classical. However, there is another situation when Liz is on the train, running from what might be a killer, taken in directions that should never be with almost unpleasant racial stereotypes. As a thriller is tense and often convincing. As a criminal drama, it often collapses, especially with an incomplete, funny explanation of everything that happened at the end. There is also unnecessary and too long, a series of dreams in the end, in which they had the courage to shoot someone's foot for what seemed like a minute. This was an experience up and down; one scene would catch me with my heart and mind with bait, and the next would make me crook and ask why. For more than 100 minutes this could have been under 90 years and was a better movie. Terrible movie worshipers should be pleased with this. It's still a better movie than most of today's sliders. Perhaps it was a better movie at the time, but after I recently saw it, I can say I enjoy it, and it's worth watching only for my three favorite scenes.
