Trained for murder begins with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) who has sexually explicit nightmares, later on that day he visits his psychiatrist dr. Roberta Caine, at a session where she admits she is sexually frustrated and unfulfilled in her current situation. marriage. Kate then visits the museum and picks up an alien, they return to his apartment for casual sex, when Kate is ready to leave, but was assaulted and killed in a lift of buildings by a brilliant woman's vein. Prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Alen) reveals a terrible scene and sees the killer, but he managed to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says she suspects Liz is a murderer because there are no other witnesses, so Liz has teamed up with Keith's son Peter (Keith Gordon) to find the real killer, cleaned Lisa's name and saw that justice was done. Written and directed by Brian De Palma I thought Dressed to Kill was a good solid psychological mystery murder. The script is sometimes measured slowly, but likes to focus on the character so that you really know them, the first twenty minutes only develops Kate as a character before he suddenly kills himself, and then the film lets attention to Liz and Nobody else can look. In this way Dressed to Kill is quite absorptive and attractive, unfortunately the characters themselves are not very nice. I found some dialogues of pretty funny, and especially dirty stories that Liz sometimes calls. The killer motives are somewhat credible, but I suppose you should be pretty confused to do anything suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie, but it did not excite me so much and I did not find any character that I would have to fight. The film deals with an unnecessary and unnecessary ending of a movie that was not really meaningful. Director De Palma directs style and visual style from artistic museum sequences to auto-hit and as a whole is flawlessly filmed. I guess every shot in Dressed to Kill had much thought. I felt that the film was a bit flat and non-violent, although nothing excited me so much. There are a few nudity, sex and rape along with a few pieces of gore and violence, Kate's murder with a razor in a lift is the highlight, if that's the right thing. However, this is not at all shocking or controversial when viewed today as much as many would believe. With a presumptive budget of about $ 6,500,000 Garbed for murder, this brilliant high-value product is felt in a Hollywood movie. New York locations are beautiful, cinema is good and as a whole it is extremely well made. I thought music was unsuitable and it was far loud and intrusive. The act is fine, but despite his best bet, I did not think Caine had so much time on the screen. Allen was married to De Palma's director at the time when Dressed to Kill was made, which is interesting from four films created in De Palma in two of them, and that's Blov Out (1981). The double body was used for Dickinson while enjoying the shower at the start. Dressed for killing is a good thriller that is worth watching, but I did not think it's pretty good it's a sublime reputation. Good, but not great.
