De Palmina's technique hit his high maturity up to the time of this film, which is a beautiful showcase of his classic techniques, although unfortunately, as with many films written by De Palma, the story serves a target more than interest by putting an emotional story. The story opens with a CRAZY scene in which Angie Dickinson masturbates in the shower while she looks at her husband. Then she was caught and raped while her husband was ruthlessly close-and the whole thing was discovered as Angie's fantasy while her husband pumped into bed in a foolish way. She has a short scene with her son, a dead bell for Harry Potter, who ends up with a scarf saying she'll "tell Grandma to play with her Petra". Then he goes to his own therapy session, where he regrets his dead marriage, before attempting to seduce his therapist, Michael Caine. He refuses, and is hurt and feels unattractive and unsettled. Then begins a locksmith 22-minute string without a word that may be the highlight of the movie. Among the many things that De Palma recorded from Hitchcock is understanding film as a purely visual media story? in the typical De Palma mode, he turns this into a way to show his incredible skill. The problem for me is that in this case it starts to feel that the scenes are unnecessarily delayed only in order to show even more the director's skill. The sequence begins with Angie at the Art Museum. She sees strangers, all involved in sexual or family activities, and then begins to turn to the man who sits next to her. De Palma very skillfully tells an extremely complicated story without a single word about Angie's attraction, shame, retreat, and finally finding and submitting to a stranger in the back of taxi cabs, all set by a beautifully pale rating by Pino Donaggio, who also hit Carrie. In the second part of the series, Angie slept with the guy and stood up to return to her husband. Again De Palma pushes the tone of the story without the spoken word of dialogue, because Angie realizes that she does not have her panties, that her husband is already at home and no doubt she is wondering where she is likely to have a venereal disease. , and that she lost her engagement ring somewhere in the move. It's all very beautiful, but one starts to feel a little tense while we are forced to do things like a long ride from the elevator from the seventh floor, and again up, almost in real time. <br /> <br /> ... Spoilers from here! When Angie reaches the seventh floor, a large woman is killed by her hair. The woman is hacking until she gets to the ground, when the door opens and Nancy Allen sees it there. There is a beautiful slowed sequence as Nancy gets to the elevator, Angie sees her, and the killer blade keeps it ready to knock Nancy's hands. Then follow some charged images as Nancy looks up and sees the killer in the elevators that are convex mirrors. Everything is good, and by the moment we have a dialogue again, you think; "Voah, it was only 22 minutes from a purely visual narrative!" Or maybe not, but I know. Younger Denis Franz has a great role as a sleek and tough New York detective who would rather everyone else do his job for him. He interviewed Michael Kane, making an unexpected implication (though it goes like a common occurrence) that Angie wanted to be killed. And the son of Angie is here, and he connected with the Nanci, and they began to spy on Caine's therapists and find out who the killer is. Once again there is a strong relationship with the Hitchcock movie, in this case Psycho (just as the Obsession is again working on the Vertigo). You have a woman to understand is a secret whore, which is killed in the first 30 minutes indoors, in this case an elevator, not a shower. Then the relatives of the deceased lead an investigation that reveals that the killer is a man dressed as a woman to kill. De Palma even throws a doctor in the end who explains the psychology of the whole thing. It's very interesting, but at the same time the viewer can start to feel a little withdrawn, and this is my primary reservation on this movie. It's definitely important to watch and show some of the best de Palmi's setpieces, but that feeling that the story leads to a solid third behind the need for De Palma to show and his somewhat rude sexual fantasies make it difficult to look at this from the whole heart. <br /> --- See other reviews on my site about bad and cheesy movies, Cinema de Merde, cinemademerde.com
