Trained to kill, they made little confusion when they were first published in 1980: you had a "Policeman" in a role that was mega-erotic, because Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife who was looking for good weather in all the wrong museums (and there and lifts for flats), plus Nancy Allen as a calling girl, Michael Caine as a sophisticated relative of Norman Bates in New York, and sufficiently sharp images for the last two films of that period. Today, this is a bit less incriminating by standards and such, although the unrated version has some of the "smug" content of any of De Palme's films, at least in his quasi-author's period from the '70s and early' 80s, which seemed to be repeats the themes over and over again, the ideas taken immediately from the movie rollers of the classic Hitchcock and get an uncomfortable takeoff. It's a simple story that has already been partially seen in Sestra, and then again to some extent in Bodi Double, but also in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays Girl Liz Blake, who has to clarify her name for suspecting Kate's killing (Dickinson, in full swing, "MILF"), after being discovered by a razor, a murder weapon from Dr. Elliott (Michael Caine) Most of the Cold Performance Roads). From the very beginning, what De Palma does as a way to set up a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way to open Carrie at the top (which, perhaps, only works in editing terms), we get a series of technical knockouts- reversal through the point of view of the style itself: images in the museum, which should encourage more fascination with the process itself, the follow-up and the desire to follow, from any tension; chasing through the subway (the predecessor of Carlit's Road) was made with a precise level of uncertainty, meanwhile, with a little exploit bits inserted with a black band; Character Peter, Keith Gordon, who plays what is essentially a younger version of De Palme's real life as a child (a scientific geek, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And it's fun and fun like hell as something that comes close to the actual synthesis of what makes De Palmin the thrillers so unique, while so self-aware of the impenetrable fear of film creativity. on the other hand, this same self-consciousness eventually returned to bite the director several times in the ass, and somehow in Dressed to Kill it is starting to become very unusual and disappointing, because the story must end. Since Psycho themes appear even more apparent (a man who wants to change sex, does not even think he kills like the one who does it), there is an exiting scene at the police station that makes the aforementioned Hitch movie look like an amazing psychological discovery. And the last scene in Peter's house, which also painfully reminded of a much better performance in Carrie, are intended for manipulation, which even for De Palma is demanding; especially the last shot, although the master class is how to copy it. However, there is a very disturbed, and in itself, a perfect scene in a psychiatric hospital in the midst of this confused state, where the doctor does some work on a nurse, to which all other prisoners behave like animals in the zoo, and over the head. a clip that rises and rises over the scene is one of the best recordings of sexual / general perversion ever made on the movie. It is a shame that the film ends in such a weird and disturbing way, where until then it is an extraordinary piece of cinema pulp, where the class is everywhere in technical aspects (soft lighting, intricate camera movements seemingly so simple) in the middle Items to be found in a mixture of paperbacks for 25 cents. It's not a masterpiece, but I would definitely take it over most of the directing recent trillers.
