In France, French critics are thought to politically slander the seemingly cohesive chain of films that Brian De Palma left behind. However, a large part of his films was disturbed by the bombastic effects of "Carrie" (1976), "Furi" (1978) "Scarface" (1983) without mentioning his borrowings from Hitchcock. Here, in "Dressed to Kill", it is impossible to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for a long sequence in the museum, while the key moment in the elevator inevitably refers to the sequence of anthology of showering in "Psicho" (1960). . As far as our film is concerned, I do not want to revive the old debate: does De Palma discard Hitchcock? Instead, I would try to be generous and classify "Trained for Murder" in the category of the winner of De Palma, along with "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). However, with some reservations and those I have previously enumerated, quarrels between furious fans of De Palme and his critics. If there is one safe thing in "Dressed to Kill" that can generate a general agreement among film lovers, it's De Palm's virtuosity directed. He holds his camera just as a film maker should do it. His sophisticated work with the camera is greatly encouraged by uncertainty, which implies an increase in tension and an unpleasant aura. The audience is easily pasted in front of the screen. This helped with the use of several long silent sequences in which everything depends on looks and gestures. Otherwise, in the "Psycho", there were also long silent, uncertain parts ... But the main drawback of De Palme harvest from 1980 is that the quality of the parcel can not be found. and there seems to be a rehash of many formulaic, banal ingredients that relate to countless many murder stories. The prostitute is the only witness of the crime. Then, she is suspected by the police and has to carry out the killer and prove her innocence (with little help from the victim's son from the scene in the subway). In addition to the fact that De Palma is using a type of character that has not been humiliated at the moment, it's a menu that smells like warming up. A film movie ends its film on a sequence that responds to the opening of the film. Yes, it's top-notch, but when you discover its real function, one figure: "It's almost non-refundable." Perhaps De Palma wanted to extend his film for more than an hour and a half, when at that time the viewer knew (and before that) who the killer was. The two central sources in De Palma set the theme depends on manipulation and voyeurism. This second theme is well presented in "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene, and furthermore, the film makes it almost soft in porn. And the director is not afraid to shoot the main actress and wife Nancy Alen in her underwear. I think his approach to this topic is quite suspicious. But perhaps the first sequence was intended to be a mirror of the viewer, and De Palma wanted to change his side. I do not want to humiliate all De Palmine jobs. His prestigious directing work, which involves communicative treats for the film, redeems the global weakness of the story and its suspicious aspects. Twenty-six years after that, the controversy caused by filmmakers is not ready to retreat.
