Kate Muller (Angie Dickinson) has problems in marriage and in other ways - enough to see a psychologist. When her promiscuity brings her into trouble, she includes the observer, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who becomes wrapped up in an investigation to uncover the identity of a psycho-killer. Dressed for killing is somewhat historically important. This is one of the earlier examples of the contemporary style of the trilera, which has extensions to this hideaway from this letter (2005). It's strange then that this director, Brian De Palma, basically tried to hide Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally raises parts of Vertigo (1958) for the notorious museum scene dressed as a killer. Dressed up in the Kill's shower scene, as well as his negativac and the method of death, have similarities with Psicho (1960). De Palma also uses a prominent score with recurring motifs in Hitchcock's favorite composer Bernard Herrmann. Similarities do not end there. But De Palma, either accidentally or skillfully, manages to make a hair reversal from, or perhaps transcendent, his influence, since Dressed to Kill has an attitude, structure, and which has been influential. Perhaps partly because of this impact, Dressed to Kill is also deeply wrong when viewed at the moment. Countless directors who recorded Hitchcock De Palma and perfected it, improving almost every element, so now, after 25 years of a valuable triloger, a great deal of Dressed to Kill looks agonistic. One of the aspects of the film that, unfortunately, has not improved, is " Dressed to Kill "scenes of sex and nudity. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us with a complete frontal nudity (Allen is from a very distorted angle), and De Palma has long-lasting Dickinson's breasts, strongly implicit masturbation, and more sexual intercourse than are usually found in contemporary films. Several scenes deal with soft-core pornography. I am not a fan of intelligence - just the opposite. Puritan, monogamous, inclined attitude towards our culture towards sex and nudity arouses me. So, from my perspective, it's sad that he was trained in killing an emphasis on meat and his satisfaction is one of several aspects in which others did not strongly follow a suit or a trumped movie. Perhaps it was desirable, but they were not allowed to follow him for cultural controls from conservative plush shirts. De Palmin's direction of cinema and the performance of some of the scenes are also good enough that it's hard to do something in the same style better than De Palme. He has a strange, characteristic approach to close-up plans, and likes shots from interesting angles, such as overhead views and tracking James Vhale through distant recesses in sets. Of course, later directors were faded, but it's hard to say they were better. At the very least, looking for film power, the museum scene is remarkable in its ability to build a very subtle tension over the glove released and two or two views, following Kate through the tangled ugly cubes of the Metropolitan Art Museum. On the other hand, from the standpoint of the concern for the story, and especially if you are expected to watch the thriller, everything through the museum scene and something beyond that can seem too slow and stupid. Due to his removal from the main genre of the film and his primary concern for directing panic (as well as cultural facts outside of the film), the opening seems to be not a well-integrated attempt to stun and risk. Once the first murder takes place, things are improving, but due to the possible impact of the film, much of the improvement now seems to be somewhat cliché and occasionally hockey. Performance is generally good, although Michael Caine is underutilized, and Dickinson must go out sooner than we would like (but the output is necessary and highly efficient). Being trained to kill is the least likely to keep your interest to the end, but due to the facts that are not in the picture itself, he is not very well aged. At this moment, it may be best to watch the movie primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best, even for the other one - some of the directing senses De Palme.
