"Groove Tube" was originally shown on the video, in the first "video theaters" here in Boston. In one room there were television monitors on high stands, with old seats in the cinema, in small groups facing the monitors. There were old refrigerators packed with Pepsi, and a basket of York Peppermint Patties. In the second, smaller room, there were no seats, only large pillows. It was a smoking room, that is, The people were up there. This act just increased the joy of the video. I was 'frequent viewer'; The scenes I liked most and I remember to this day are: Koko Klovn, Kramp Family Kramp (Kramp Easi-Lube Shortening), Sam / VD PSA Safety, Chevi Chase's goalkeeper with a goal, passing through the woods, Finger Ballet what's on the end revealed that the naked body of the woman. The last thing was very reminiscent of the late, incredible Ernie Kovacs. Now I've lost many readers who are under 48 years old ("who is Ernie Kovacs?"), But believe me, these are funny things. One of the reasons that I was a "frequent viewer" was that I and my friends would bring other Groove Tube virgins to see it. We would sit cunningly looking at the faces of a 'virgin' like PSA 'Safety Sam' playing. As the camera slowly zoomed in to "Sam," we would wait "OH!" recognition on the 'virgin' face. Each time was more hilarious than the previous one. And then that 'virgin' would then bring a friend to see the show, repeating what we did. To get this joke, you have to watch the video. Yes, the part is dated, but most of the shows, movies, television, and now also videos. Just look at some video from the 1980s. I saw "The Groove Tube" in the theater as a movie, a grainy transfer from the original video. It was cut out and some original high-point spots were missing. The first show "Saturdai Night Live," with Chevi Chase, prompted immediate remarks, "it's a Groove Tube guy", so it was a forerunner for Chevi. I can not watch the tin without listening to the voice, "wrap your hands with the generous amount of Kramp Easi-Cutting Fat ..." and thinking about the recipe "Crump Holidai Loaf". She always laughs at me in the baking passage at the store. Early 70s were a tough time; "The Groove Tube" was a fresh, new and truly "got" humor of time. He offered 'hip generation', a humor that was not available in any other format / medium. MJH
