I just finished watching Groove Tube, which I first saw 23 years ago when I was a teenager who stayed on my way to sleep, watching HBO with my brother and his best friend. And before that, we watched the Animal House, so we saw two films that played SNL alumni and had some bare breasts. It's good that our parents slept all the time! Either way, there were many weird and entertaining things in this film that were eye-opponents like the Brovn 25 series of Uran Industries commercials ("with the taste of bovine paprika", says the announcer as a seemingly human feces comes out of a white tube Eve!) Or the face of the doll speaks of VD (a scrotum with a small penis with eyes glued). Chevi Chase and Richard Belzer debuted here. Chase is hilarious, whether it's a Geritan video with a woman who loves, having sex in a "Let Fingers Do It" advertisement, or singing "Four Leaf Clover" with co-screenwriter / director Ken Shapiroom who drums hands after head. Belzeri play with Shapir in "The Dealers" and "Channel One Evening Nevs" with one wild battle that Belzer as a black prostitute is trying tricks on reporter Ken who plays Lionel here. "Lionel, that sounds like a train I'll drive like Choo-Choo!" Other unexpected bits include "The Koko Shov" with Shipler as the clown leader, who, after ordering "people over ten" to leave the room, reads the demands of his viewers such as "Fanni Hill" passages! Or how about the Olympic pair with a German couple who announce love by two men (one of them is Spanish) because they are explicit while "Please Stand By" is constantly interrupting the screen! Or an animated segment about "traders" that shows dance floors after Shapiro swallowed some marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. In addition to the "Four Leaf Clover", in the end, there is also a fun musical segment with Ken, which synchronizes his own "Just Iou, Just Me" video while playing with a suit and briefcase in a city with a casual policeman (co-writer Lane Sarasohn) joined. So, in summing up, this is a strange, funny movie that seems to have influenced other films (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and possibly Saturdai Night Live (which Chevi made to that first star) and, in spite of some, it still can Have fun today. P.S. While I loved to listen to Curtis Maifield "Move On Up" during the dance start / stopping sequence, I wondered what the meaning was with the order of the autostoper and the woman who picked it up, how they ran out of the car, escaped, and then it was caught by a policeman who he stopped on the road. I suppose it's one of those '70s ...
