You know what they say about the 70s. If you remember them, you were not there. One of the rare things that I remember about the '70s was the first hippie and hip social satire that can be seen from a completely' underground 'or counter-culture perspective ... Groove Tube. If humor seems futile or frivolous to some viewers, it can only be because a lot has happened over the past 30 years, and the comedy is no longer 'fresh', but hey! When this film came out, it was the first ... and some of these sketches were the first time ... at the time Nikon was in power, the Vietnam War was raging, the sexual revolution was in full swing. .i J. Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. This film was made before Watergate broke and as such was one of the first to take a big move in the institution .. to make fun of the hippies at the same time. And honestly, some sketches are still dead. If you liked Cheech and Chong's "Up In Smoke" .. YOU LOVE THIS PICTURE. If you want to know what 70's really liked .. check Groove Tube .. if you like Oscar who got the "Network" from the same year and thought it was just on the trail in his savage watching the TV, you will dig Groove Tube .. which collects the theme, but plays from the viewer's angle ... young viewers who excluded TV for the benefit of other parties .... We were raised to Ozzie & Harriet "Leave it alone", the Father knows best, My three sons ... Happy Days ... so imagine our joy when they are from us that we experimented with new lifestyles had to see the breakdown of boxes as seen from our perspective! Only Uran's corporate ads are invaluable. "Good things come from Uranus" .... and a sudden pause from a flat film in Fritz's animated catlike style, when the hippies eat the weeds, it is still one of the best segues in and from a common sense I've ever seen on the film. If you liked Kentucky Fried Movie, you will love this movie. And if you've ever wondered why your twisted uncle Harold still gets the evil glow in his eyes when he is thinking about his days at college .. this would be the perfect movie to watch. Take it for ... a snapshot of time ... and a sassy little movie that will help all of us who have forgotten the 70s to remember them again.
