"Once upon a time there was a charming country called France ... People lived happily then. Women were light and men enjoyed their favorite party: war, the only recreation of kings that people could enjoy." The war was the Seven Years War, and when it was noticed that there were more corpses of soldiers than soldiers, recruits were sent to fill rows. And so Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), caught trying to swallow a farmer's daughter in a bunch of hay, escaped from marriage registering in the regency d'Aquitaine ... but only first believing in his future as he prophesied Gypsy, to win fame and fortune in His Majesty's uniform and marry the king's daughter. Unfortunately, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy, but a daughter of the regimental sergeant of the regiment. When Fanfan gave up the recruits, a saber in his hand to save the chariot under attack, which should be inside, except Markuise du Pompadour and ... the king's daughter. He is now convinced that he will get married high, despite the extremely low cut blouses that Adeline wears. She will in turn reveal her love for Fanfan. We are in the midst of a dishonest film about Fanfan's fate, about the unbridled adventures of a sword sword and a rogue. There are escapes from the curtains, fighting swords on the roofs of tiles, unsuccessful battles, romantic beats and a more joyful task than you can imagine. What Fanfan does not have in polishing, compensates for disrespect and enthusiasm. He is a quick swordbucker and a quick speaker, but with such a naive faith in his fate and so optimistic nature, how can we not like him? Gerard Philipe was a cult actor and actor (which Francois Truffaut was constantly downgraded on the Cahiers du Cinema site). He made most of his stoppages. He was handsome, athletic, graceful and charismatic. Men admired him, and women dreamed of him. He was 36 years old, seven years after Fanfan, from liver cancer. All of France was crying. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline keeps her. They do not deal with that low coat that plays her acting. She is harsh, passionate, not completely innocent, and no fool. Fanfan la Tulipe is singing with endless satirical action, accentuated situations and good nature. Not to mention a fun, sharp dialogue. After Adeline took steps to save Fanfan from hanging, she met the king in her private chambers. "Give me your pretty little hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who is looking for your heart?" says the king, "All I am looking for is little satisfaction." "I'm a real girl," says Adeline. The king says: "You owe my merit to merit." "You love Fanfan?" "Then thank me. My chiropots allow you to show the greatest proof of your love, for the loyalty you swore to him." This is smart, funny. Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the rest of the Nev Vevey band are prone to despise popular movies as mere entertainment (and personalize their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and his director, Christian-Jackues, were among their main goals. They probably missed Fanfan's point, which is a very funny satire about the pointlessness of the army and war. The more it seemed that it made films that could only be appreciated by colleagues of the synastic. Thank God for some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, have grown up this childish reduction and realized that a good movie is a good movie, whether it's about the masses or just about the cognoscenti. A smart person who enjoys movies can appreciate any, if the films are well-made. Those who obey the film based on its degree of popularity, only humiliate themselves as those who praise that they have never read Harry Potter. Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart. Viva Fanfan!
