This is the last of the four swashbucklers from France that I scheduled to watch during this Christmas season: the others (in the view) were uninspired THE BLACK TULIP (1964, from the same director as this one, but not so good), the surprisingly effective LADI Oscar 1979, which came out as a Japanese manga!) And a great CARTOUCHE (1962). Actually, I've been watching this recently at the late Italian television and I remember it was not particularly overbearing, so I was sincerely surprised how much I enjoyed this time (also bearing in mind the confusing shortcoming). enthusiasm shown to the film here and elsewhere, when it was first published as an upcoming DVD release from the criterion). By the way, FANFAN LA TULIPE has pretty much the same with the aforementioned CARTOUCHE: not only the actors and team members (producers Georges Dancigers and Alekandra Mnouchkina, cameraman Christian Matras, actor Noel Rokuevert), but also complications? in fact, the hero is a female soldier (Jean-Paul Belmondo's Cartouche also had a short military spell) who is loved by a fiery girl (in this case Ciganka Gina Lollobrigida) while he is obsessed with impossible love (there is no other than king's daughter)! As in the later film, Fanfan (an ideal actor Gerard Philipe, who, ironically, is full of life here, is hard to believe he will have cancer in 7 years). lovers of fun, but cowardly men (one of them is actually his superior officer and his own father of heroin) and opposes unscrupulous personality in his ranks (the old Rokuever, with whom the hero ultimately dances in a duel on the roof, because he also has love designs on a gypsy girl)!; for the record, Lollobrigida will rejoin Philippe in her next film, Rene Clair, the beautiful romantic fantasy of LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). FANFAN proved to be a big box office at home and even a surprising (but deserved) award for best director in Cannes over famous films such as AN American In Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951) ), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity enabled it to be re-published in a computer-color version (probably for the benefit of viewers who did not touch a black and white product with a ten-foot pole), and the criterion DVD contains a sample of this variant; apparently as a title in a foreign language, there is a dubious selection of a soundtrack called the English language, but, even if it did not prove particularly painful to consider, when everything was said and done, there is simply no substitute for the original! FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname given to the young Geneva page as a celebrated Madame De Pompadour) contains a comedy of (anticipated) action and romance; while for some this may be considered irresistible, I disagree with the fact that I enjoyed the sharp satirical narration and, as a whole, this combination is comparable to Jerzy Skolimovsky who equally studied the adventures of Gerard (1970). In this regard, swords are extremely powerful for a truly carefree company (especially fights in the forest and ambush in the monastery), and the film itself is pretty adult from time to time (with numerous allusions to sexuality, as well as on the rough language adopted throughout the whole ) when looking backwards with an old Hollywood menu as I am now; the climax, then it's quite genius: the hostile forces (which are, in a funny way, spoken in a quick nonsense!) are exhausted by our heroic trio itself, much to the astonishment of the king who, as described by Marcel Herrand? best known for the role of the leader of the Parisian underworld in children Marcel Carne (1945) ?? he is a hunter himself. P.S. An Italian TV channel is threatening to show promising CHAMPAGNE FOR SAFETY (1964) for months, but, despite having programmed it three times (with the fourth trial for the next week), they still have to show it; Even so, I have three other films in my unknown VHS crowd (equally excluded from late Italian TV projections): a three-hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948, starring Gerard Philippe), SECOND TVIN (1967) and LEGEND FRENCHIE KING- (1971; Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
