Why a stupid, boring, exhausted movie series like Star Vars gets all the sound, and a truly incredible movie like this one is completely unrecognized ... this movie will really open my eyes to a dark, disturbing, sad and scary world in which we live ... Unlike the boring "Elephant", this film is not one of those "ordinary days until somebody pulls the trigger" of movies ... this film focuses more on what's happening AFTER EVENTS ... Deana, played by a very hot and very talented Erika Christensen, is a happy and healthy straight-stud nt with great friends and great life ... until ... it was not hurt on the day of the shooting, shooting in the head .. Fortunately, she was not killed, but she was seriously injured and must be in hospital for some time, causing her to be in a very emotional Pain, in addition to physical ... In the meantime, Alicia, who plays beautiful and talented busy Phillips, is a nasty, cold-blooded, rebellious, anti-social goth girl who has only one positive feature on her. .. and is unharmed when the shooting occurs ... because it turns out that she was a friend with a shooter and he knew that will do what he did ... which leads to being brought to the police station and asked some questions. When he refuses to tell the police if he knows that the shooting will happen, they are constantly coming to her to try to convince her to say something ... and still not, so the school director forced him to attend the funeral of one of the dead pupils, and after she went out ... the director decides it's enough, and forces her to visit Dean at the hospital ... Of course, she rejects it, but the director says that if Alicia does not do it, the police will continue to try to force her to say something ... See it ... Lonely, traumatized and physically and emotionally wounded Deana is more than happy that someone is visiting, but of course, Alicia is nonetheless ALI is happy to see her. just because she is forced, and she does not intend to be friendly with her at all. But sooner or later, that intention will change ... (and that's all I will say :) This is truly one of the most discerning films ever, as well as one of the darkest and disturbing ones. Actually, I think I would link this with "American history of KS" as equally disturbing and at the same time moving ... WARNING: Watch this film at your own risk! It contains VERY graphic scenes and pictures! EXCELLENT and wrongly underrated movie! I feel so embarrassed that I am the only one who knows about it!
