This is a story about Vinchester's 1873 gun model "The Gun That Von The Vest" For a cow, fugitive, peace officer or soldier, Vinchester 73 was a precious possession. The Indian would sell his soul to his owner ... Vinchester 73 was the first collaboration between director Anthony Mann and actor James Stevart, the two who would continue to create the superior Westerns who added a new, psychological depth to the genre. Stuart sees Stuart as Lina McDonalds who follows the man who killed his father. Running to Dodge Citi with his cute friend, Johnny Villiams (Millard Mitchell), Lin comes across Dutch Stephen McNalli, the man he wants. But since Viatt Earp {Vill Geer} has taken all the pistols from those entering the city, both men are not able to fire for which they are ready. Men instead enter the competition to win the Vinchester 73 rifle, a competition that Lin finally wins. But before leaving the city with a magnificent reward, the Dutchman was ambushed, stealing a rifle and quickly skipping the city. As Lin moves in search of hatred both with a man and a rifle, the rifle will change hands several times, each time adding another dimension as the day of calculation for all approaches. Very much a benchmark for what has become known as the so-called "psychologically western", Vinchester 73 is basically the story of a decent man driven to the border madness of the events of his past. Shoots in black and white (the only one of the Western winds that were) landscapes are still breathtaking for the eyes. The tone is set with an introductory scene like Lin and Johnny on the horse, and in a silhouette, an emblem across the hill as they move toward Dodge Citia. It's just the starting point in which Mann would use his aspects as a way of keeping in parallel with his emotional states of characters. Stevart gives one of his best and most intense performances like McAdam, proving once for ever that he was one of the best and most diverse actors in America. Not bad nor support. Shellei Vinters is great as the only woman in mackin ', while Mitchell, McNalli, Geer and always great Dan Durie added more classes to the process. There are even important parts for Tony Curtis and Rock Hudson here, this second Indian brave game is far too far. Originally, the movie was a project for Fritz Lang, who even prepared the script to run. But Lang moved away from her, something that turned out to be a blessing for Western fans. For as big as the director, Lang, with Mann director with a new screenplay from Borden Chase and Robert Richards, launched the wheels in order to change the stream of the genre. Not only with the further efforts Mann & Stevart produced, but also on who they influenced. All of them, such as Budd Boetticher, Nicholas Raia and Sam Fuller, took notes, and joyfully for Western purists, followed them, and even worn a psychological torch. Vinchester 73 is a magnificent movie that still has a punch in modern times. 9.5 / 10
