"Vinchester '73" marked the first of a series of Westerns featuring James Stevart and director Anthony Mann. Like most of them, Stevart's hero has a violent edge that threatens to explode at any time. The title refers to a "one-in-one" gun for a shoot-out at Dodge City on July 4, 1876. Lin McAdam (Stevart) and his assistant High Spade (Millard) Mitchell) who are on the lead of Dutch Henry Brynn (Stephen McNalli) for a scandalous piece of work. They arrived just in time to see the marshal Viatta Earpa (Vill Geer) who leads the salon girl Lolu (Shelley Vinters) outside the city. It turned out that the Dutch Henri was also in the city for the rifle. Lin and the Dutch Henri fired him for the prestigious award, and Lin won, but Dutch Henri dismissed Lin from the pistol and escaped. Steve Miller (Charles Drake) is in an American equestrian camp waiting for an attack by the Indians led by Ioung Bull (Rock Hudson) who acquired a valuable rifle by killing the crafty pistol John McIntire. He had a weapon by cheating Dutch Henry on poker. Ioung Bull was killed during the attack and the gun crosses to Steve. In the meantime, at the ranch, Lola and Steve meet with the infamous attacker Vaco Johnny Dean (Dan Durie) who kills Steve and takes the shotgun and Lola for herself. When Dean meets with Dutch Henry, he allows him to take "his own pistol" who plans to kill him later. In the city of Tuscosa, Lin kills Dean because Dutch Henry plans to keep the bank bad and he escapes into the hills with Lin in pursuit. In one of the finite final outputs ever, the two meet in the final calculation. I believe this film was the only one from the Stevart / Mann collaboration that was filmed in B & V. It's beautifully photographed, especially scenes in "wide open spaces", and especially the final billing. Stevart plays against the guy, plays the hero with a violent revenge motive, an emotion he will transfer to future films with Mann. Like in most of the universal vesters, this one can boast of actors experienced veterans and contracting players of the day. In addition to the above, JC Flippen appears as the cavalry sergeant, Steve Brodie, James Millican, John Doucette and Chuck Roberson as various supporters, Rai Teal as the sheriff who leads Durie, Tony Curtis and James Best as the rookie soldiers Head Iovlachie and John Var Eagle in various roles in the Dodge Citi series. Classic Western in every sense of the word. He was responsible for the re-generation of Stuart's career as an action star.
