The story confirms the classic picture of the good against evil in the form of a brother's fight against the brother. The main character, Lin McDonald, played by James Stewart, represents justice and justice. His brother, who works under Dutchman Henry Brown, played by Stephen McNalli, is a classical theater trainer who robbed a Western offender, being persecuted by his brother for killing his father. The world that is being held is a classic dystopian west where the only way to prevent its killing among the inhabitants is to take their guns as soon as they enter the city, and the man responsible for maintaining this law and order is the classic western Lavman Viat Earp. Also typical of Western characters, such as the killer Indian warrior, are obsessed with a horseman and a girl in a hood in distress. Another important archetype in this movie, which gives the name of the movie, is the Vinchester rifle customized. Weapons can be seen as an allegory for the prizes given to those who work honorably. When stolen from the real owner, it brings the tragedy to anyone who comes in contact with him. In that sense it resembles other similar icons such as the Holy Grail in the Plunderers of the Lost Ark, and a letter written in the Record of the Soldier Ryan is written on the blood. This film gives an element of surrealism that usually does not exist in Western, a genre that is not known for esoteric themes and symbols. Basically, it's movie revenge, which shares this element with many other examples of this genre, such as Jack Arnold No Name on the bullet, and Clint Eastwood Unforgiven. There is also a tacit rape issue in Vinchester '73. Vaco Johnny Dean, one of the villains that Dan Duria played very efficiently, is killing a woman after killing her husband. An unstable cowboy plays with a running man and sends him like a caricature of a cats playing with an insect before he bites his head. Vaco Johnny Dean finally gets what he comes after he came in contact with the Vinchester Vicious Rifle. The main story of Vinchester '73 resembles a mythological story of Jason and his search for the golden fleece, as stated in Apollonian Argonautics. Both stories deal with the acquisition of a sacred object that possesses some kind of intangible quality. Like Jason, Stevart's character goes from one adventure to another in search of a unique prize. The second theme in Vinchester '73, which is similar to the mythical story, is the struggle between the brothers. A few stories from antiquity deal with this issue, such as the Hebrew Bible story of Cain and Abel, and the vulgar story of Romulus and Remus. As for the subject of kidnapping and rape that is present in Anthony Mann's film, it is present in many mythological acts, such as the rape of Europe as Ovid had said in his Metamorphoses. Vinchester '73 is a good example of the Western genre and acts as an objective correlation for many classical American Western and ancient mythological themes.
