One of the greatest westerns of all time! But this, unlike many others, does not deal with nature, horses, shootings, etc. He already deals with one rifle, Vinchester '73, and how this rifle affects others and how they affect it. The rifle is not alive, breathing, human being, is it? You may be inclined to believe that it is not. But he seems to have his own mind, for two very similar reasons: in the end he returns to his lawful owner, although in the rest of his image his unwitched "owners" try to do so does not seem and never seem satisfied until he returns to his to the original owner, so, by chance, it seems that the uninitiated "owners" somehow lose or die in an attempt to protect and hold it, until they return to James Stevart, then it is "content." But, every owner does not deserve to have it. Stewart, of course, from when he got it. McNalli did not, because he had to be a dirty thief and steal him. Drake definitely does not, because he would probably lose it in a poker game, and besides, Drake is too cowardly to fight, so why would he have a unique rifle if he did not use it? Durie does not, because he is just a maniac who laughs, and we all know that the hacking of a maniac does not deserve a weapon. This film has a kind of noir edge that can only have westerners, such as the Ok-Bov incident. Westerners have their own kind of nightmares, much different from the 30's and 40's of Bogart's films. That's the best of all five of Stevart-Man's Western, although my personal favorite is "Bend of the River". The other four have become much different from this one. I think it's not by chance that the four colors left, and that is black and white. It's because of the edge of the noir. All five films had the vengeance and dark past of Stevart's work in the film, to the point where it's not just Stevart's dark side, but actually a kind of character, not one that is listed in points, but one you can only recognize and know He's always there. However, this, not only on revenge and the dark past, but also in terms of the greatest danger, and the characters that were different from Stuart make it surpass the remaining four in all aspects. But Stewart never crosses the border. He, however, is walking the line between light and darkness. That's why black and whites played such an integral part of the film. They could all be black and white, or they could all be colors. But this one is black and white, and the other four are in color, and for that there is a good reason.
