The larger-than-life figures of Viatta Earp and Bat Masterson, and the spectacles of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull, look up over director Anthony Mann, who is very entertaining to the first Western with James Stevart. Although Stevart's mission to avenge his father's murder is the primary story, Vinchester '73 is truly an ensemble, with the same name, one in a thousand pieces of firearms that go through the hands of many colorful owners, including a trader (John McIntire). , especially great) and denigrate Dan Durie, which is still scarce than usual. The combination of fiction and film history creates a light rhythm and an ambivalent tone that is brilliantly aligned with Mann's complicated and complicated making of films. His topics of psychological unrest and past dictate the present, slightly support this tall tale about good and bad men chasing mythical gun, but it clearly appears in the vignette of the husbands cowardice and the failed attempt of redemption, and are defined in Stevartovim talks with Deputy Millard Mitchell. Man's use of the environment is what distinguishes it from other Western film makers. Rather than looking from afar, he involves them in drama as characters who redirect, complicate, or recall the goals of human characters. Just as the mountains, the caves and currents have to be counted in the naked Spur, here in the middle of the firing takes place for loose rock and stones male mountains, physical obstructions which fatalistically determines the winner and the role of the victim between two equally proficient shooter. (I would be reluctant not to acknowledge the contribution of cameraman William H. Daniels, in particular his superlative photography, day by day, an open photo.) Not only an adequate outdoormen, but Mann represents the same vivid image of Viatta Earp's patrolled Dodge Citia, primarily through a scaled , multi-layout. The shooting contest does not depend on the rapid movement of the camera or the blunted effect cuts, as Mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to show the highest density of information in a given image. Nor does he care to utter a plot in a dialogue, relying on the eyes of an actor or a well-chosen image to transfer roles. One scene specifically serves to explain his attitude: Mitchell speaks about Stevart's motivation for Shelley Vinters, which interrupts the climax of a battle that soon reveals everything. The light without the feeling of essential, intense, no pride, Vinchester '73 seems more modern than its contemporaries and is a joy to watch.
