The new creative team appeared in 1950 when the brilliant actor James Stevart teamed up with equally brilliant director Anthony Mann to make a series of Westerners who helped define that genre for the future. By that time, Stevart was mostly noticed by an accessible approach to comedy, drama and romance-oriented family. Not that he was no longer a multi-talented Hollywood star. One of his best performances ever and one of the best for anyone on the celluloid was Macaulai 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic scandal writer at The Philadelphia Story. He even worked Westerno earlier. His portrait of the shy but professional, recorded by Thomas Jefferson Destri Jr. in the comedy of the western "Destri Rides Again" helped make the film a classic. But for most filmmakers he was a all-American type of study, Mr. Smith or George Bailei. There was rarely any dark side of any of the characters he played. Anthony Mann was associated with B flicks in film noir mode. "Rav Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught James James Stevart. So, two gifted men combined their resources to produce some of Hollywood's biggest ever ever made. "Vinchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best, but the rest were almost as effective. Mann became a successful director of A films, which resulted in what some critics regarded as the biggest Western one of them, directed at Garry Cooper "The Man of the West." Stevart became fantastic rich because of the partnership because he signed for a portion of royalties in exchange for a fraction of the salary he usually paid, a wise move that really came from many other actors since then. Vinchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first, who told the story from the point of view of a traveling pistol. Each owner is part of a story that has been told and everything is united in an exciting account at the end of the movie, which is also a surprise for the viewer. Based on Stuart Lake's story, the story of Vinchester's revenge and ownership of '73. The year was 1876. Custer and his seventh cavalry were destroyed by Sioux and Cheienne in Little Big Horn. Whites want revenge. Indians want their country and their way of life back. This conflict leads to a conflict between native America led by Ioung Bull (young Rock Hudson who shows his potential as an actor) and the small cavalry of the group in the canyon and joins civilians Lin Mcdam (Stevart), his partner and lifelong life. Pal Spade (underrated actor Millard Mitchell), and a couple trying to find them, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shellei Vinters), a dirty pigeon with a kind heart. Among the soldiers of the horse were newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best (late from "Dukes of Hazzard"), whose part is interrupted by a bullet. Viatt Earp was in Dodge Citigroup in 1876. It has it as the main marshal. The fine actor Vill Geer (later Valtons) looks like an older Earp. In reality, Viatt was at that time a marshal assistant in Dodge who only cut his teeth when he became a lawyer. Lin McAdam wins Vinchester at the shooting shootout, but takes him shortly afterwards by the outlaw Dutch Henry Brennan (Stephen McNalli) and his supporters. McAdam and High Spade are for the Dutch Henry and Vinchester for the rest of the film. An even more nasty character appears on the road, Vaco Johnnie Dean, who played as evil personified by Dan Durie, who threatens to steal broadcasts from other members of the star team. Vinchester goes through a couple of hands. during the film, every time the transfer is intense. One means weapons that John McIntire brought to perfection. The other waves are intertwined with the above scenario. All this plus action prevents the viewer from sticking to the seat during the whole show. As mentioned above, actors are at first on the smallest role. Look for other celebrities in the unpublished parts, including the future Sheriff of Bonanza Rei Teal and B Western Trusted Panhandle Perkins (Gui Vilkerson).
