In 1942, the film TALES OF MANHATTAN told a series of stories that were essentially unconnected, but linked together with a suit of men's evening clothes. Each story began when the "tails" were transferred from one owner (Charles Boier, for example) to the other (Ceasar Romero). VINCHESTER '73, a top movie, and a great Westerner, has a similar plot. Initially it's about Jimmy Stevart looking for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for some deadly complaint. But during the film, two men enter the shooting competition, the award (given by Marshall Viatt Earp - Vill Geer) is one of the new Vinchester rifles. Stevart scarcely throws out MacMahon, but the gun was stolen from Stevart and the chase was on. The pistol goes hand-in-hand, including John McIntire (as an arrogant trader who fatally does not know when to stop being arrogant), Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and short yes), Charles Drake, Dan Duriei (such as the beautifully deadly and psychotic Vaco Johnny Dean), MacMahon. In the end, he returns to Stuart. The film was professionally directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide range of experiences. Duria gets a rifle literally through Drake's dead body (Durie forces the problem). But he loses MacMahon, who is faster in a draw than Durie is stupid enough to fight for a rifle. While he and Shelley Winger watched MacMahon in the distance, Vinter (who watched Durie kill his former friend Drake) for a moment gives up his repulsion to the gunman to ask why he suffered from MacMahon's violence over the pistol. Philosophically, Durie explains that he can wait. Let the opportunity arise later (ie, When it can safely kill the MacMahon and return the rifle). The characters are extremely human. Vinters appear for the first time as a future young Drake, but she sees a big negative side for him - an unforgiving side. Drake is aware of the ruin and helps in his destruction. Other characters have realistic touches, such as J.Clippen as a military sergeant who struggles with an Indian attack with Steward and Steward's friend Millard Mitchell. Oh yes, and with Flipping's colleagues - Tony Curtis. Flippen seems to believe that this soldier was on hundreds of battlefields before, probably since 1861. Stewart showed emotions in other films. In the TRUTH LIFE he sometimes showed anger, and also a nervous breakdown when he thought that everything in his life was wrong. But here he showed demonic anger - on account of the surprise Durie (who would otherwise personally show such anger). Parts of this film fit very nicely under Man's competent hands. This is a western woman who never comes out, while the audience watches Vinchester rifles.
