Buffs of adult Westerners who flourished in the fifties of the last century are trying to trace their origin to the film that triggered the syndrome. Of course, we can return to the Red River of Howard Havks (1948) or more to John Ford, We Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to stick to these decade, then that must be one of several films. made in that initial year. One of them is "The Gunfighter," an excellent jolly story of a famous gunslinger (Ringa) who is facing his latest shootings. Another one from that same year is "Vinchester '73", and it's worth noting that Millard Mitchell appears as a dark, bearded, very realistic driver. In The Gunfighter, he is a city marshal expected to arrest Ringo, but he was once in a gang with him. In Winchester, he is assistant Jimmy Stuart, a kind of Horatio Stevart Hamlet in this epic / tragic story. The action is simple enough: Stevart's lone cow defeats the extraordinary Vinchester in a shootout, defeating the most serious man in the West (Stephen McNalli), who is actually his brother and caused the death of their father. When a brother steals a pistol, Stevart and Mitchell follow him in a cowboy odyssey that leads them across the border, meeting with apostates and Indians. (In one great bite, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - play the Indian boss and American cavalry soldier - during a well-organized battle. Dan Durie steals the entire show as the leader of the hijacking of the outlaws, while Shelley Vinters, just before she started It's getting better, it's like a shadow that connects all the plots. Today, the filmmakers would continue about four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann does it in a highly economical sense. Such Western legends as Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (great starring Vill Ge er) give short performances, adding history and epic nature, the final battle between good and bad brothers, at the top of a series of rocky canyons of rock, is now legendary among Western lovers. It is also worth noting that Stevart, albeit connected with Western films, works what is actually his first Western lead role here - yes, he was in St Rides Again eleven years earlier, but he was thrown into that comedy because he looked so wrong for Westerns!
