The traditional Western is synonymous with wide open spaces, clear morale, inevitable stories, an optimistic belief in the hero's ability to shape his fate to escape from the past. These qualities directly reflect the American sense of themselves, self-shaping the dream, pushing boundaries and boundaries, which is why the genre is still alluded to opportunist politicians. With some noble exceptions (eg Vellman, Havks), the West was healthy from neurosis or real anxiety. Anthony Mann has changed all this forever, and this first march into the genre is one of the most sophisticated, lively, complex, and not exciting Western ones ever made. Traditional western depends on the hero who is the example. rude health, any disaster he may have had in the past, the adherents of law and order, dominating the film, removing obstacles, restoring harmony to strength; and the obvious villain, who often, ironically, launches a plot, forces the hero to take action. The difference between these two is often described as mythically simple, such as wearing white or black hats. Mann's background was in the film noir, a genre opposed to wide open spaces and optimism. Noir was neurotically burdened, focusing on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist, where morality is blurred, a hero is often as a villain, trapped in the inner labyrinth of his own creation, a passive victim of destiny. Noir is about regression, not progress, testing, and denial of ways and symbols of representation, and not the creation and validation of them. VINCHESTER 73 is full of noir anxiety. Noir is often considered a psychological genre, visualizing the trauma of the head of the protagonist. 73 does it, and it is even more disturbing in the fact that this protagonist is a wonderful, domestic Jimmy Stevart, initiating here his big series of heavy films with Mann and Hitchcock. In many ways, benevolent and sweet, representing the right and trying to restore the disorder of the natural order, he is also a lunatic who will in no way stop the murderous vengeance, whose merciless search is viewed by Ethan Edwards in SEARCHERS Non-human resistance, whose human instincts are exiled with this search, and whose violent violence really dreadfully testifies. As in the afternoon, his anxiety has a psychological basis - unlike most "healthy" heroes who have overgrown (symbolically killed) their fathers, McAdam's father was killed before he could complete the process; his brother's hunt is less moral revenge than a painstaking protest against slowing growth. Climate shooting is not cathartic: McAdam returns to a 'normal' society, as if it were only a witness to some of the most terrible horrors in the world. What is most disadvantageous in a movie is that it's not really about a hero or a criminal, but an inanimate piece of veoponry that launches the action. 73 opens with a pistol at the title that is privileged, exposed behind a glass window, while his fans are trapped, crushed, undifferentiated, framed, running out. Through film, human power is reduced to the most prominent of the signifier - names change; Lin and Dutch mimi shoot at one another because they have no weapons; searches lose their moral vitality and their practitioners are approaching madness; the armies must seek help from the Confederate's nephews to fight in battles; man becomes worthy of respect only when he mentions his name; another man is revealed as a coward when he leaves his fiancé to the Indians; The gun retains its prestige, power, integrity. It is not a movie about the revenge that drives a movie, but a story about a gun; this film extracts the film from conventional expectations and creates a creepy, alienating, modern feeling. We became so preoccupied with a seizure plot that, when we are tracking with a gun, another parcel, we feel a bit confused. This emphasis on the pistol, a symbol of powerful masculinity, actually enables the critique of this manhood, revealing meaninglessly elaborated rituals at the expense of society and order; brutal capitalist greed; murderous Indian merchants who deceived both the seller and the enemy; cowards; psychotic killers; before returning to his "right" owner, a broken hero who is completely compromised, who has become a murderer, and the killer he seeks. The pistol has never been imprinted on behalf of the owner, not only because it does not have a fixed owner, but because there is no fixed masculinity, insights into the anathe traditional Tradition. 73 brilliantly invokes western myths - Viatt Earp, Dodge Citi, Cavalry, Civil War, wide open West - just to undermine them. Earp has an overwhelming reputation that is all but never proven - Dodge Citi is no safer than forgers than anywhere else; the cavalry is incompetent (Custer has just lost Little Big Horn) and the bitter conspiracy of war has proved irrelevant. The myth of open West is a place for a very closed, inevitable, circular plot that captures his characters, refuses to allow them to shape their fate, but allowing them to shape them. The old John Ford ride silhouette on a huge mountain is being reprized, but the signals here do not progress, but the repetition and circulation. But, despite its deconstruction, the film is also tangibly painted in a way that few Westerners have ever achieved. Mann's incision technique enters his camera in key positions, alternately revealing the distance with intense scrutiny, making the doors of the showroom and the stage look exciting live and live in them.
