My favorite film genre is Western, it's really the only film genre of American origin. And despite Sergio Leone, no one makes them American. At the top of my list of ten favorites is Vinchester 73. It was the first couple and only a black and white film about partnership. directed by Anthony Mann and actor James Stevart. It was also a significant film in which Stevart decided to make a profit percentage instead of a direct payroll from the Universe. Many such jobs followed the players, making them rich as those who hired them. Anthony Mann has so far worked mostly B images, a noir type without real budgets. Just before Vincent 73 Mann did fine Western with Robert Taylor, Devil's Doorvai, who never got enough praise. I'm sure that James Stewart saw it and decided that Mann was the person with whom he decided to cooperate. In this film, Mann developed a mini stock company to which John Ford was a legendary one. In addition to Stevart, the cast includes other actors such as Millard Mitchell, Steve Brodie, Dan Durie, John McIntire, Jai C. Flippen and Rock Hudson. with the invention of a man named Dutch Henri Brovn and kills him. Why not say, but by this time, we have never seen such a cold rage of James Stevart on the screen. Anthony Mann reached into the soul of Jimmy Stuart and pulled out some demons from which we all are scared. Hatred is appropriately demonstrated at a great moment at the beginning of the film. After Stevart and Assistant Millard Mitchell were disarmed by Viatt Earp played by Vill Geer, guns are not worn in Earp's Dodge Citia. There is a shootout for the Vinchester rifle in Dodge Citia, and the betting champion is Dutch Henri Brovn, played by Stephen McNalli. Stevart, Mitchell, and Geer enter the salon, and Stevart and McNallie look at each other at the same time and use a drawing for weapons that are not there. Look close to Stevart and McNally, they say there are more than 10 pages of dialogue. Another feature of Stevart in the movie is Vaco Johnny Dean starring Dan Durie, who almost steals a movie. This may have been Durie's best moment on the screen. He is a psychopathic killer who is deadly as a left-handed drawer although he has two six pistols. The other person Stevart encounters is Shelley Vinters, whose fiancé is pulled into a bribe with Durie and killed. Her best scenes were with Durie who liked her. She plays the time until she can safely escape from him. Guess who she eventually ended up with? There are some wonderful performances in some small roles, in the actors there is no acidic note. John McEnthiere as a pompous Indian trader, Jai C. Flippen as a full-time military sergeant and Rock Hudson received the first real notice as a young Indian boss. Even John Alekander, best known as 'Theodore Roosevelt' in Arsen and Old Lace, has a short but impressive role as the owner of a trading place where both McNalli and Stevart stop at different times. Mann and Stevart recorded eight films, five of them were Western, and were willing to do the sixth Western, night passage when they were fighting and Mann left the set. The end of a wonderful partnership that produced quality films.
