"Addictive" is the adjective I heard many times when talking about certain TV shows. Recently, drama such as Lost, Heroes and Prison Break deserved this description. However, as much as it was interesting (and indeed they are), I can wait a few days before seeing the next episode of any series, even the Prison Break, which some have lazily classified as "the new 24". With all due respect, there can be no such thing, for good reason: no other silver screen silver screen is based on a real-time structure. That's what separates 24 from any other show, and that's why I have to watch the entire season (on DVD) for seven days or less: once it starts typing, it's impossible to turn it off. The episode whose events took place during one day was a trademark of NIPD Blue (and, more recently, Deadwood); The entire season of the new series lasts 24 hours, one per ep (the real time is 41 minutes, the remaining 19 are advertising when the show is broadcast on television), was the most relevant idea in mainstream television from Hill Street Blues introduced a non-linear storytelling (today mandatory element ). And it really paid off. Ironically, the original plan for the series was to return around the wedding (fortunately, the creators Joel Surnov and Robert Cochran realized that the format was more suitable for the thriller conspiracy), which is probably the reason why the first look we are Getting Heroes from the Heroes suggests a cheerful atmosphere: looks very relaxed, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) enjoys chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert), and a few minutes later with Terry (Leslie Hope), the woman she just reconciled with. However, as in The Sopranos, behind something is something unexpectedly and shocking: not only did Kim withdraw from his room, but also received a phone call to immediately call him to work. At midnight? I'm afraid that way: Bauer is the Counter Terrorist Unit of CTU, and his boss has obtained reliable information about a possible attack on the life of Dennis Haisbert, an African-American presidential candidate to be in Los Angeles. Angeles all day (oh, well, I almost forgot: events are happening on the day of the California Presidential Primary School). There is no time to sleep, then: Jack has to spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore the protocol, and this does not agree with Xander Berkeley, a slick man from the division who was asked to interfere with the operation. The action is very dense, which is difficult to recommend plays for those with a short range of attention, but anyone who is ready to look will be rewarded immediately: writing is sharp and precise, attention devoted to details unmatched, and uncertainty is continuous. tall, mainly thanks to real-time scams that greatly increase the level of adrenaline. Another excellent quality of this pilot is characterization: most genre performances (sci-fi and thriller) tend to simply introduce key players, and then define them later (an example from the textbook is CSI, where the character development is minimal, but then again corresponds to the unique style of the show), while the debut series 24 offers a rich array of completely rounded people, including Jack (Sutherland's Best Role - ever!) and Palmer (the right to discover the show) stands out as perfectly described only after one episode (the first split between work and family, unhurried, but humane, the latter honored and endowed with great integrity). Several supporting parts borders with the stereotype (especially Mason and Tony Almeida), but two factors need to be considered: a) this is the first episode; b) There is much that happens to most viewers who will not even complain about either the "mistake" or the other. After all, how many network programs are able to start with a plot, missing a teenager, and a huge explosion - and still have equally satisfactory material for the rest of the season? Right, tock, beep, tock ...
