Of these comments here in front of me, I mostly agree with Ediarbov. The story and script obviously had the potential to be ridiculous, but although they succeeded in some points, it failed in other places. You could see them wanting to joke, but no one in the audience laughed. (You also agree with Ediarb's view at the end of the loan: leave it normal or make it cool, but not what they have done now.) OK, it gives more negative feelings than I actually had watching the movie. I have enjoyed; It was a fun party for one night and definitely did not feel like losing money to buy a ticket. The best jokes are those that go a bit beyond the expectations and are pretty mature, like Luke Wilson, Matt asks a super chick "P * low or bed?" when he told him that he would "get a new one" after a wild night in bed, finish breaking his bed and leave Matt in pain. However, I can not agree with bgs1614, which says that the movie could get a 'R' rating - there was absolutely nothing in the movie to justify it. Some sexual acts, yes, but nothing explicitly, just spiritually, and without nudity. (Maybe he was on prescreening who showed more ...?) I would like to compare this with two recent films that I went to see without any expectation: Superman returns and clicks. I did not expect anything from one of them - I was a big fan of the original Superman movies, and the trailer for Click was just shown as a potentially chauvinistic film (which I would not oppose). Superman was surprised by the fact that I felt good (I'm seeing a dash!) When I saw his first heroic work, as I saw a long-lost friend and was happy about it. But for the rest of the story, I'd rather watch Mi Super Ek-girlfriend, at least offer some surprises. Click again was a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes from being a really great movie. Jokes also work much better than in the ex-girlfriend, as they are naughty, and those who are more advanced. In any case, the only reason I compared these three films is that they are the last three. in a very short period, and also because I was going to do all this without any expectations. I would rank them Click, Girlfriend, Superman.
