On paper it seemed like an excellent concept: the average guy on the jumps appeared in the curator of the museum, which is a real superhero who regularly saves the world. However, director Reitan Reynolds and writer Don Paine (from "The Simpsons") almost falsely estimate that their hero G-Girl (played by Uma Thurman) came out as a total crazy job like Superhero and the secret identity of Jenni Johnson. The film was even a cop in a conversation between Jennifer and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after rescuing G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty. Jenni curiously asks Matt what the G-Girl is. Matt replies, "Is she somehow crazy?" I think that the intention was that Jenni (Thurman) be that lonely young woman, who has no one in her life, isolated from her great physical powers. Thurman is doing the best he can, but her Jenni is a scary swinging mood that needs Prozac. Luke Wilson is too easy to reverse the role of a boyfriend and friend. who plays Superhero just above, so to speak. With all my thoughts and inconsistent writing, I still thought that "My super-ex-girlfriend" was funny and enjoyed the movie. Given that this is a film by John Reitman, this could have been much better. Reitman begins with a great premise, and it really scatters. First, we all love the hero. Jenni and G-Girl are not so nice here either. This is surprising for Umu Thurman, who is usually a charismatic and powerful presence. In the beginning, Jenni / G-Girl is just strange. Shocking. Because if there's a woman who can play Superhero, she's Thurman, she looks great. Only in the end Jenni becomes more cute, instead of caricature. Although "Mi Super Ek" is not a true Superhero story, it's a kind of romantic comedy, it does not provide what every superhero mythology requires of a great super evil. Here we have Professor Bedlame aka Barry (Eddie Izzard) who is really evil. He's not Lek Luthor. There are no plans for global domination. Bedlam, and Barry is really angry at G-Girl, and is expected to have links to their shared past. What is bizarre you do not know who you'd rather spend with Bedlam or G-Girl? Target Luke Wilson is just "some type" that connects with psycho superhero. One of the unpleasant things he does is to entrust his disgusting friend to loser Vaughn (Rainn Vilson is doing a bad fake). Wilson is sometimes playing too much too dense, and this is dented by a nice charm. It does, however, in the comic sexual scene with Jennifer. Matt while having fun with Jenni / G-Girl understands that he is in love with his fellow Hannah (lively Anna Faris). How does Matt break up with G-Girl? Well, it's not nice and it's mostly funny. Dramatic Superhero movies work. Romantic comedies with chemistry. What's inherently difficult are Superhero satire disguised as romantic comedies. Everyone loves heroes. However, the hero's job? Maybe not. With all the talent Ume Thurman is unable to achieve this convincingly. And he does not get enough support from Reitman and Paine. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative failures. "We Super Ek-Girlfriend" is fun and fun. Although everything is involved, the movie could be great.
