All in all, I was quite impressed with the pilot. The first first fifteen minutes were troubling, as it seemed that creators tried to create a science-fiction version of the OC, but that fear was corrected when a terrorist incident took place and from here are the steps in the topics and situations that I rarely see BSG He dealt with topics such as monotheism, existentialism, reality, death and terrorism, but they were primarily a subtext for the viewer to think or ignore if they want to. On the other hand, these subjects are in the focus of the performance, and I personally came across such works as Ghost In The Shell and The Matrix as reference points while I was watching and was surprised how well the topic was discussed. I think if you are the fan of the two that I just mentioned or other movies / television shows dealing with the topics I have mentioned, I think you will find at least something here. As for the point of departure, to explain how the situation we know in the BSG came to be, I believe that they were dealing with it in a very interesting way, especially I liked how they explained where the Cylon's believed in one God, and when the creation of Caprice was sufficiently advanced and modern Technology thrown out to appear in the future, but it is not entirely away from us as viewers. The only real weak points I noticed were the relationships between Greystone's parents and the actress who plays 'Lacy Rand'. . Although I like Eric Stoltz and Paula Malcomson singly, together they lacked chemistry, at the moment it could be up to the development of their characters, but that's something to be done. I also found that Magda Apanovicz was not convinced in her role. This could again be up to the experience and time needed for development, but during the episode her acting was forced and was not completely safe. Based on the pilot, I am very much looking forward to seeing where 'Caprica' is going to the future and hoping to touch the size that the BSG once did.
