I have to say, as a BSG fan, I was not quite sure what I think about this show. Tonight I saw him on the big screen in Arclight (as part of the Palea Center projections), and the actors and filmmakers spoke afterwards. Ron Moore said that "they wanted to make a clear break from the Battlestars, and do something different, and that they will lose some fans, but we hope that they will get others." Even without their conversation, I'm now a fan of the new show, but here's what I thought about the movie. I loved it. It was really very good. I think I'm a real sci-fi (or 'sifi'). 'Do I really have to knock that down?' geek, because I would watch it as a series, he had a strong and rich story and kept my interest. It starts with a little. a group of teenagers who are planning something, which was the weakest and somewhat confusing to me. The actor who plays "Ben" was to give us more insight into his intense beliefs. I played a teenager (and I'm sure I will not be the only one who thought Zoe was initially Cilon, the danger of being a BSG geek). If they hope it will be the new Bamber / Helfer Park, they may want to rethink it. Unfortunately, the public's attention has attracted adults. Erik Stolc gives great performance as Daniel Greystone, a man who is so persecuted by his family tragedy to jump at first chance to get out of his sadness and not let go. He performs an amazing and enchanting job of conveying the crafty knowledge of his character about the inner world of computers and people, especially in a scene in which he spins a network of a young teenage friend of his daughter, caught in a trap, then dismissed and released. There is no sign of the 'serial killer' that played on Graveyard Anatomy, a truly impressive starring. Equally so strong, although not in it, almost identical to Paula Malcomson as his wife Amanda Greystone. She is just as smart and well written and beautifully played as Stolt's part, and I completely believed that they are a couple, and a couple who are together together and have a strong relationship, something that is rarely seen these days. I can not wait to see what's happening to this family, and I hope to give her more to do as Roslin in the BSG - she is strong and smart, and when she throws herself on her child, you're bothering, it's really great. Not to mention her eyes, which could hold magical powers, are so intense. The scene on which she takes over the government agent - a very short scene, but beautifully reproduced - really gives you an idea of ​​her power. The second part of the show that did not work 100% for me, the scene with Esai Morales and his clan mafia type. He does a good job as a whole, but I did not believe in this power of the mob, nor did I scare their threats. I found myself wanting this whole story to be a bit more mysterious and difficult to understand; The way in which it is presented is almost giving honor to Kum, which has slightly hit you over the head. But with respect to time, I see how this will evolve into an interesting thing on the floor, with the poor minorities (Morales et al) in relation to the wealthy people who rule the planet (Stolz et al). To be honest, I enjoyed talking to my son about the origin of their name - it was a very well-played scene. Note for fans of BSG, a boy playing "Villa Adama" does not look exactly like Olmos, but he's just a kid. Will it or not be shown more than in this movie, who knows? I certainly can not say. But that did not bother me because he was not as interesting as anything else that was happening around him. Poli Walker plays 'Sister Clarice', and she's awesome and weird in every scene she's in. I'm not sure where she will go or who she will end up with, but I was very impressed with her acting. In this film she was somehow on the side, but she was obviously ready to play a very important role later on. She was nothing like her character in "Rome," something that always seems impressive to the actors. One nice surprise - music is actually better and less obvious than the BSG, although it's the same guy who does it, Medved McCreari. It has an unusual approach that surprised me, I would buy this result if I had a chance. As for the 'discussion' after the show, the host was Seth Green. . Ron Moore was very clever and articulate, David Eick shot himself wisely (like his diary), Esai Morales had a long story about how he acted, and Eric Stoltz was very funny and did not answer the questions (but I always had something for him). Paula Malcomson was tough (she took Seth Green to task because she wrongly said she was at '24'), and the girls who played Zooei and Lacey were dear. Grace Park and Tricia Helfer were also there, answering questions about how they made scenes with them on the BSG. All in all, very interesting and wonderful evening. I show the show of 9 out of 10, and I'm very happy to see how everything is going on. NOTE: I just looked at this second time and I really hope to investigate for what HOLOBAND was originally made. I have no idea what that might be, but it has a great fascination for me.
