Everything starts with suicide. Or is it a car accident? I suppose it all depends on whether you decide to start or end. Director Gabriela Muccino gives you the opportunity to enter your new film Seven Pounds, no matter which one is your preferred way of working, because he begins at the end and works his way back to the beginning, showing us the course of events that led us to that hearty 911 calls. This is a powerful movie; maybe it's because I'm soft when it comes to drama of this type, it's dropping with difficult moments and full of devastating performances, but in any case, the film works best when it really touches me, when it keeps in the background of my head hours after leaving the theater. And this is from a team that has brought us overestimated, sarcastic, and not all the redeeming pursuit of happiness, and I will just say that my expectation was carefully guarded for a great disappointment. With all that, however, I was with Seven Pounds from opening the box until the credits started. Though you realize what Smith's character is like, the secret mission he's endeavoring to end up is the way he fills his poker that shines and leaves you with a teary smile at the end. > Our entry point is somewhat disturbing, leaving us incongruously trying to figure out what's going on. Smith's Tomas has lists of names, one of the people we do not know, and one of the people who seems to be trying to track and review. Working with the IRS, he gives him access to these strangers to see their lives in order to see if they are worthy gifts that have the power to give them a gift that could completely change their circumstances. He invites an old friend of childhood (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he promised, so as not to guess his decision because his mind can not be changed. Even in such a small role as Pepper, you can not help but feel that the final sorrow is held in the background, hanging above all. It's his character, maybe even three times, which really includes the original level of emotions. His failures, regardless of whether they are narrowed and compressed or in the head in their hands, show the connection that these two men have with the one who endures the test of time and any circumstances to come in his way. After this phone call, the journey begins to meet new people. Tomas is on a mission to help alleviate the financial troubles of mortally ill people, trying to stay on the surface despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survival. This advancement lasts many times, from the "blind, vegan, meat seller," which he sees to see if he can make him explode; to a Phase 2 cardiac provider patient who is unable to print her line stationary, or even run with her Grand Duke; abused and frightened by the Latin mother of two children, he was too afraid to leave his boyfriend; a dying hockey coach who puts faith in a disadvantaged youth community; a boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with pain and an inevitable future with the disposition of hope and wanting to take care of each day, and there are those who try to beat it by cutting angles and spending their money at the expense of those who need it out of style. Why on Tom to pass through the mixture and find those who deserve his "gift" is initially unknown, because this is why this man, seen in flashbacks as an aviation engineer with a beautiful woman and big house on the beach, now lives in motel, driving a beaten car, going from door to door in order to carry out an audit for the tax administration. However, he says, "he encountered some kind of business." Smith's quest as Thomas is long and painful, calm at moments of clarity and sincere sympathy. As a man who has the means to help, he seriously understands his job, crossing people who do not deserve and question those whom he believes are worthy of n-degree. If that means he has to shout and ridicule them, he must do it. However, at every step you see suffering in his eyes, the pain that troubles the soul, every step toward his destiny, one as a saint of redemption, not only for those who want to help, but for themselves. . It's a reward worthy performance and I would only like Smith to do more of this kind of drama instead of his blockbuster action summer tent, because while they're fun, this guy is too good for them. A man better earn an Oscar before it's over, or it will be a travesty, at least in my mind. The rest of the actors are incredible. Voodoo Harrelson as a blindfold soldier is a perfect handicap with the joy of life. His shy smile and belief in humankind encounters everything, whether on the phone he shouts, sitting in a restaurant, eating his pie, or piano in the park, playing for everyone who will listen. Elpidia Carilla, as a mistressed mother, is fantastic, shows a difficult evolution from the proud to frightened to completely overwhelmed by the kindness of an alien, allowing her family to finally be safe. And Rosario Davson shines as a "once hot" young woman, beaten and broken by a long stay in the hospital, but she just gave up her life to find love and happiness. The introduction of Smith's Thomas again opens his eyes to be a woman, a freewheeling spiritual being who can only live without fear of wondering which day will be her last.
