Seven pounds, this was a film in which I was convinced that Will Smith actually go to the movies, "I'll make you cry." One thing you can give him credit, one can wage. My only thing is as moving as the story, Will Smith has proved again and again that it can be, so why take this extremely depressing story? However, it is still a good movie. I must admit that I was to cry, but I felt it was noticeable performance Rosario Dawson, absolutely love this girl, since I had seen in 25 time with Ed Norton, I knew that this girl will go far. She is beautiful, charming, funny and talented, can not wait to see how long it will continue to advance her career. But she and Will Smith are not so sure if they had big chemistry that the film should have done in a great movie. <Br /> <br /> Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car accident caused by your mobile phone; Seven people died: six strangers and his fiancée. A year after the accident, and after leaving the job aeronautical engineer, Tim donates lung lobby his brother, Ben, an employee of the IRS. Six months later he donated part of his liver to a child-service worker named Holly. After that, it begins searching for more candidates to receive donations. Finds George, junior hockey coach, and donates a kidney, then donate bone marrow boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before she dies, she contacts Holly and asks if she knows someone who deserves help. She proposes Connie Tepos, who lives with a boy who is offensive. The team moves out of their home and in a local motel, taking their poultry jellyfish with them. One night, after being beaten, Connie contacts Tim and he gives her the keys and deed to her house on the beach. She takes her two children and moved to their new home. Stolen his brother's credentials and known for his brother named Ben, he checks the candidates for his two final donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind seller of vegetarian meat playing piano. The team calls Ezra Tarner and harasses him at work to check if it's fast. Ezra remains calm and Tim decides is worthy. Then contact Emily Posa, self-congratulations for the congratulations that have a heart condition and a rare blood type. He spends time with her, grabs his garden and fixes his rare Heidelberg printer. She begins to fall in love with her and decides that her condition will worsen and must donate her donation. <Br /> <br /> Seven Pounds is a good movie without a doubt worth a look, I would only recommend to go rent compared to the theater. Will Smith pulls a good performance, but not the best, but most of the film asked him to cry in every scene, but it was the last DOOZA. But I loved the end, he was wonderful and truly told you to appreciate life and not take it for granted. There are still good people in this world and Ben's character reminds you that you value life and give to those who are in desperate need. Although he went a bit far, but it was still a nice story. 7/10
