* I mark where the spoilers are! Overall comments: If you can take a serious movie, go see this. Have an open mind and you will enjoy it. Do not leave the theater because you are confused about what's happening! The film fits nicely in the second half. I'll take my mom to see her again when the movie officially opens. I was fortunate to see this on the screening a few weeks ago, when Vill went around promoting a movie. He was great - he spent a lot of time with the fans. Thanks for seeing Vill! About Will's performance: Many times when watching a movie with an actor who is really known for some other movie / show, you always think of them in their current performance much as you think about them in the past performance. This is not the case with Vill Smith in this film. I did not see a picture of a fresh prince (lol) when I was watching this movie. He was completely and completely convinced in this very, very serious role. He has grown extensively as an actor. I think he will at least get an Oscar for this show. About his character: Ben is very conflicting and tortured. He is sad ... feeling guilty ... very determined, but very frightened. Very true to yourself. His character has a lot of depth ... and somehow, Vill managed to experience it. About Emily (Rosario): Rosario has done a good job showing Emily, a woman who is heavily taxed. Perhaps she is not a great star of Vill in this movie, but she was very convincing. I think her character did not have as much work as Vill did. I did not know absolutely anything about the movie that entered it, and nothing made sense to the other part. But when things get fit, wow. Surprisingly well written and well-designed. It's an extremely intense movie that really is with you. For this it really takes a lot of things to watch. In the theater I was in, most people cried until the end - even adult men. When you understand what Ben is doing, and why, it's a very strong moment ... ******* SMALL SPOILERS ***** Because of which it's difficult to talk about this action without giving important things. I feel like I know too much about this movie. Still, there were many symbols in the movie I enjoyed. I'll mention some of them here (without trying to get a lot). - The fish Ben kept in his hotel room. At first it makes no sense. There were many conversations in the cinema when people realized the reality of the fish. -Mrzeo Ben at the beginning of the movie. In the end, I loved him and hated him. It's so convincing Vill. I thought Ben was a great jerk of Ezra, a blind man who was just trying to break through the world. Why he dealt with Ezra in this way, he later became quite clear in the film. Please wait. Everything in this movie: wait. -Ben is a fundamentally good person who made a big mistake that she will not forgive. I still do not understand if he did what he did because he was trying to get rid of his own guilt, or if he sincerely wanted to help people. I think it's a little of both ... I think he wanted to help people, but also to get rid of their past. I love his character. Love it and hate it because you realize that what it does is nothing more than incredible. Hate it for doing what you do (as a very good person), both physically and emotionally. Good job Vill.
