I would strongly recommend this film to any musician who was dying to see the music version in order to move from the stage to the screen. It must be long, but the length is a testimony of how true the original musical script of the film is. Sets and actors really make Sveet Apple, Ohio a place. Fosse protester Anne Reinking also works perfectly with choreography and gives dances a nice town, a feeling of the period. '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' commented on the performance of Jason Alekander. In fact, his perforation literally steals the show. Like Albert, he combines his unique blend of manic nervousness with Dick Van Dike-esque charm to create a new and improved Albert. The fact that he can dance and sing like no other businessmen does not hurt. George Vendt is another distinguished personality, which improves Paula Linde's reception of Harry McAffe, making him less manly and more on Earth and rigorous. All his character and body language scream "over my dead body". Marc Kudisch takes Elvis's aspect of Conrad Birdie to new heights with his subtle insertion "thanks a lot" into "Honestly honestly". His physical character, however, is even more reminiscent of young Elvis, then of the puffy, stubborn Conrad from the original film. The fact is that this film differs so much from the original film (which is added in happi faces, turtle speed, and Russian ballet !!!) what any of it had with Bie, Bie Birdie, I wonder? The only possible advantage this original version has for this is Ann Margret. Otherwise, the update is better in every possible way. Where the old version reduced the number of songs and increased dance breaks where there was no need for them (and for all the intentions and purposes the film was ended in the middle of the show), the new version returned the original music score and added some excellent results. and new things ("Giant Step" is featured in this category). We know that we live in difficult times, but if you want to turn your thoughts off from your troubles and put it on a happy face, then this is worth checking out.
