This film is one of the best short films I've ever seen - and as I pointed out that at all the main film festivals, I saw a lot of things, especially what the industry thinks is "the best". I am not a fan of Monaghan. His acting behavior is usually overstretched and uninteresting to me, his only decent performance is in Lost, so I generally try to avoid his films. I still saw it at the film festival a few years ago and I was completely thrilled. This director really knows what he's doing. Of course, you will get trolls (or just ignorants) who do not understand what a good movie is and who rip on the low budget because they have no idea what went into it. But fortunately, from what I saw, they are in the minority when it comes to this gem. We do not deny that the film worked without a budget, and that a couple of actors who support the film. I can still use the job, because that's certainly true. The production value is very low, but what can you expect from the first real movie from someone who is still in high school? Convert for a moment that the budget is not important. If you take a little bit of action, the sound quality (which was not really the director's fault, I saw it at the festival and the sound was fine ... I guarantee to everyone who made the DVD itself) and the fact that it was recorded on mini-DV, what Then with you? The story, the visual composition and the soul of the film, which are undoubtedly flawless. Nanavati can tell the story. It's clear. She can write heavy, attractive scripts better than most people in Hollivood, create a list of shots that perfectly compliments this story and revives it in a fascinating, creative way, which, if this higher budget, may have won awards. Give him more experienced actors, better post-production sound, and 35mm instead of mini-DV, and even trolls could not complain. This girl is incredible, and bearing in mind that Insomniac was made a few years ago, she has done an incredible job since then. A Dreams of an Angel trailer shows that, and I can not wait to see what she did. 9/10 stars, this is a hellish movie from a hell of a filmmaker.
