VAR, INC. (2008) ** 1/2 John Cusack, Marisa Tomei, Hilari Duff, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Dan Aikroid, Sergei Trifunovic, Liubomir Neikov, Ned Bellami, (Voice: Montel Villiams) and missed the 21st century "STRANGELE" John Cusack ?? Who wrote the script with Mark Leiner and Jeremy Pixer? Stars like an outraged man named Brand Hauser who is burned down, but decides to follow the last task by spilling Middle Eastern Oil Minister Omar Sharif (yes, not TO Omar Sharif, but here you get the tone of this skipping laugh) that was commanded by the former US Vice President (Aikroid, Cusack's old "Grosse Pointe Blank" co-hort, doing here Dick Chenei Mankue) and hired Brand to do the work under the trade mask Show Producer in Mythical Turakistan (read: Iraq / Afghanistan) for US private Tamerlane Corporation (read: Halliburton). While informed, Brand faces a moment of clarity when she encounters an intrepid journalist Natalie Hegalhuzen (Tomei) and eventually falls in love with her. Meanwhile, Tamerlane sponsors the incredible union of eastern European teenage sensations Ionice Babiieah (surprisingly decent Duff, who speaks her tongue-like personality) and the idiotic son of the country's leader. > What follows is a brave attempt to black comedy of the 21st century and la "DR STRANGELE", but for all intense and intentional purposes there is, unfortunately, more failure than hits in this broad attempt to laugh in the middle of a political message (unjust war) to hire American capitalism, check it!) While Cusack's riffs on his Martin Blank from the aforementioned "Pointe" adds some nice touch to his man in black (he says the tapes Tabasco Sosa The rest of the acting parties is compensated (except for sister Joan who is a rebellion as a tense assistant for Hausera and has one of the funniest lines of laughter in the film: "My skills in mass communication are finally paid off"). Cusack earlier this year visited the war in Iraq at 180 degrees "Grace Is Gone" and here allowed his political attitudes to be worn while the admiration in general of the film rhythm and rhythm is largely non-owing to the first time director Joshua Seftel's directorial debut here (and this is noticeable), except perhaps the choreographed Hauser's struggle is included in Babiieah's idiotic fiancée of escort. /> <br /> Nice attempt at still defective failure; maybe Cusack next time will not try so hard and let the idiocy of war speak for itself, instead of doing heavy work.
