Firstly, someone here mentioned that because it was published in a "limited amount" that means it should be bad ... it's exactly what the "big five" Hollywood studies would like everyone to think they can "pass" or "ignore" "characteristics that are not desirable, no loss of face, or imagine them directly censoring." To this point, this production was issued "limited" because individuals are considered "non-patriotic". Now I have absolutely loved this feature; I think it's better than Charlie Wilson's War, even if it's a "fictitious" look of something that "never" happens, but it's always so OBEVIOUS. It goes on to everyone and everyone who is interested or affected by the current US foreign policy , "" or "on board". The "Turakistan" country and the "emerald city" are definitely trying to resemble Iraq and Baghdad just as Tamerlan's "Haliburton" corporation (with Dick Chenei, vice-president Dan Aikroyd). the quiet moments in which the film DEAD SERIOUS is, is no longer even sarcastic (the main example would be how the image of John Cusack is concerned with his depression, but not only). I discovered that ALL characters can be related to something / someone or with specific stereotypes. now we advise; if you are not politically active, especially with regard to the aspects of "globalization," you probably will not enjoy much in this function because most of its content and "joke" are aimed at certain "personalities" that are not "visible" to the general public on a daily basis ... The exception is Hilari Duff, who plays the famous materialistic pop star, should I say the name (S)?). in his BASIS the characteristic is an antiglobalist concert, a period. the message is unmistakably delivered with a comedy vengeance. Joan has one line that goes like this: "And here we have the book you wrote, you know about it, how I conquered the world and solved problems with my father." PRICELESS))) <br /> <br /> <br /> <br> sister and brother Cusacks play well together as always, as in "Grosse PointeBlank," I would say a little "mature." Maris Tomeihere does not show her butt and chest to "impress" which she recently did "Before the devil knows you are dead"), but instead she plays a very serious role, and succeeds in doing it well. Many critics do not understand it (they can not do it), or you do not want it). This is NOT a "regular" movie, but a more comic documentary. this feature is to send you a message and DO NOT get Oscar, or have had visual aspects that the viewer buys the latest TVs of "HDTV experience" ... I noticed even in my local newspapers that this movie is getting bad - look because they are not "artistic "while war films in Iraq are good for being" balanced ", apparently" engaged ". It seems as if the entire global mainstream media is concentrated in the hands of a pile of guys. .. I bet that this opportunity will prove to be a hit abroad as much as in North America. as I have already mentioned, all the satire on American foreign policy and how they have taken away the "special interests" of the group ... that the "ordinary" American soldier wearing the corporate logo "Tamerlane" on his dress dress quite abusive OR EFFECTIVE in displaying reality like this, or soon there will be things that will go so far. Some FULL photographs: after the "liberation", the country gets an invasion of commercial advertising; a hilarious scene about how future journalists are likely to collect "news" ("anything to be better than this box with k-side"))); soldiers dealing with "frustration"; All in all, I do not recommend this to "conservatives" or "hard core" patriots of some sort or another. this feature is not made to reach the minds of souls (as mainstream propaganda and commercial interests are always trying to do it) instead contains a message well defined for realists, and according to some ideological goals that are clearly "always" insufficiently realized.
