John Cusack is the killer for the CIA. He was ordered to go to the country of Turaquistan, a nation that the United States "freed" and killed a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the US conglomerate Tamerlane, which "returns" the country, will not stand for the Sharif, the oil company from the neighboring state, which sets up its oil pipeline through the ravaged Turkistan. But, once there, Brand encounters difficulties. First, he meets a determined journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei), who wants to tell the American public the "true" story of the conflict in the region ... and Tamerlane. But, Brand is scared to realize that Natalie is a nice face and a sharp mind currently and unconsciously forced him to lose focus on his mission. Also, his title as the leader of the fair forced him to meet with the pop-singing princess, Ionic (Hillary Duff), who will be married at the convention center. She is a young giant whose wedding arrangements also draw attention to brand Brand from the upcoming assassination. With other incompetent subordinates and complications, will Brand be able to carry out its mission, to the satisfaction of Tamerlan's BIG boss, former Vice President (Dan Ackroyd)? Good for you, John Cusack, to make this movie, although it is not held together. Shot in Serbia, it is worth a look at what today's Iraq must be, the country facing upside down. The green zone here is called the "Emerald City", and it is so convenient, because in this neighborhood of Oz, it seeks to prevent war destructions that occur in other parts of the metropolis. Actors are very nice, with Cusack doing a good job, and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others support him in style. Duff, in particular, turns well like a very pronounced, very fictional singer. Rebuilding the burdened Baghdad is so realistic that it hurts while costumes and other productive values ​​are top-notch. As far as the script is concerned, it is not always connected, but certainly has incredible dialogue and scenes. For example, a young Turakui boy offers to show Branda an enemy hideout in exchange for money and sweets. The brand produces money, but because there are no sweets, the boy is already burning his vehicle. Brilliant! Then, too, the direction is not complete success, but it does not lag behind often. No, if you have a conservative tendency, you probably do not like this movie. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the "war on terrorism," this is a fairly good show. So, try to look at it, because you will support those filmmakers who choose movies far from those old "formula".
