This July 4th week is encouraging to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and healthy in the film "Var, Inc.". Just as our founder-fathers gave King George III back to their collective hands, this film reveals in a hilarious way a cowardly war that benefits from the current capital of capitalist dams that deliberately privately privatized the government, including the privatization of the war. Throw in this satire absolutely shining. John Kusak is a wonderful joker, a conflicting corporate killer, and the marvelous Marisa Tomei is as beautiful as his love interest. (My God, "George Costanza" was right. Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But it's John's sister, Joan Cusack, who really steals a movie. Her portrait of the commander, but at the same time the scream, personal assistant is invaluable and more than once I could not stop laughing at the brilliance of her performance. She not only has a fantastic comic time, but her face is as expressive as she could ever wish for an actor. Day Ackroyd also has a short, but very effective, feature in the film as the head of the war company, Tamerlane Corporation. Seeking on the "throne" with his pants around his ankles, Ackroid even looks like a clown who currently occupies one of our true thrones of power. You will not have to think too hard to recognize that person. Much of this film was recorded in Bulgaria, which is why we are able to see so many real military equipment. (You only know that the US Army would never cooperate in the making of this satirical exposition of war profiteering.) I particularly enjoyed the character of "Omar Sharif" played by Bulgarian actor Liubomir Neikov. In one scene in the dance floor with Marisa Tomei he has several lines that could summarize our overall view of foreign policy towards the foreign leaders we install - and uninstall - in power. , this movie will not appeal to everyone. If you consider that the privatization of our foreign policy, the military, the collection and analysis of intelligence, closes the system of corrections, public health and many other government services is a good thing you may not be very fond of. However, if you believe that the destruction of people and countries in order to add some final corporation, horror, I think you will appreciate much in the film. Nothing can be more in line with the Spirit of Independence that accentuates the deserved mockery of corrupt power.
