The action of this movie may not be remarkable, but what makes a movie really special is its characters (and the actors who play them, of course!). I will not go into the details of the film, but surely I would like to say this? This movie is not just for everyone! The film is really funny and you have to be just as smart to get all the satirical. If you are not at risk for a second, you will probably lose one of the subtle points. The film is full of such seemingly trivial, but witty things - such as announcements that take place in the background in Turaqistan, commercials on tankers (which I have almost missed), and those that make the movie hilarious. Coming to the actors, John Cusack played his multiple role very efficiently (what about him as a co-writer and producer) and plays his character? Hauser, a killer with a heart? ekkuisiteli. Cusack played a similar role earlier in Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comic disposition in the movie is simply great. However, the actress who steals all the show is Hilari Duff! I was always a big fan of Mrs. Duff. But to be honest I was a bit disappointed when I heard about the role she plays in the movie. But after watching the film, disappointment gave way to great respect for her as an actor. Let's be real! The boy is growing, but yes, so is her talent! All those critics, who shouted out that Hilary could not act, will silence for some time. Hilari had to play a really complex character? firmly outside, yet sweet child inside? and she did it. She smiles at you, and she makes you cry? To shorten the long story (because I could continue to revolt about it forever) she is BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack also did a good job. In particular, Joan's hysteria is upset! However, I was quite disappointed that Ben Kingsley was lost in such a small role and his performance seemed unimportant. Generally speaking, Var, Inc.. the right amount of plant on the plot. I would recommend this film to everyone (and more fans of Hilari Duff) !!! P.S. - I'm glad to hear that the film will soon be released from its limited edition and publishing in other places !!!
