In this satire of commercialization and 'carelessness' of the war, John Cusack plays Brand Hauser, a murderer sent to 'Turakistan' to fire Omar Sharifa, who is doing some oil business that will cause problems to the former US Vice President. In addition, Hauser has to manipulate her fake position as a producer of fairs, a wedding for pop princess Ionica (Hillary Duff) and a curious liberal journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei). Estimated technical aspects: - The act (at least with the main characters) was as good as it could have been expected. Some of John Cusack's dialogs were obviously not written for him, as it often seemed to him to be uncomfortable. . . It may be unrealistic. Joan made a big, and often funny performance. Marisa Tomei, although I was never her big fan, was more than suitable for the role and worked well. Hillary Duff, however, was pretty scary. They needed an attractive Middle-East (or Russian, or whatever the emphasis should be) a pop star. Unfortunately, they went with her for 3 people. - As I said above, the writing seemed somewhat stiff and unsettled at the points, especially the John Cusack Dialogue. Not much, um, but some. The story also became a bit funny at the points, which is fine for satiating to a certain point, but it has led to a whole new level. Fortunately, the cubes and the Thomes maintain relatively cool, quiet behavior throughout their lives, and it makes the pleasant even a mixture of the folly of the film and the foolishness of the actors. - Joshua Seftel, who had formerly had a real debt loan for his name, did a good job with a pretty wide movie. He was very well run by a small ($ 10 million) budget, extending it to look much more. Seftel also managed to fit the humor of the story nicely. . . with painful and difficult parts of a real war (including the slaughter of civilians, etc.). - As for the general satire, its overly glance at the commercialization of the war is very well made, especially the "Golden Palace Poker" ads on US tanks. At points, it becomes a bit too much, but, in the end, it's still exactly what's going on for a young guy named "Mel Brooks". All in all, the film is very well made for the scarce budget and is definitely worth a look. It will not fall as one of the greatest satira of cinema, but certainly not the worst. 7/10.
