The first film by Josh Seftel - the satire of unforgettable proportions - is exactly what the title says: Corporations influence the war. The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) who travels to Turaquistan (he is not genuine to help the US government "pass the message" to the leaders of the Turaquist. He met the journalist (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will happen to a lonely man + a hot reporter ... Somewhere in the mix, a pop star named Ionica Babiieah is about to be put in. As Ionica marries one of the most important people of the Turaquistan (the son of the president), a sub-station is created where the mercenary has to watch this star, and, to some extent. with lonely Cusack at the bar, no more than fifteen seconds to The film has a lot more action than I expected, with an occasional war scene, well-choreographed battles and only sporadic scenes of murder. Although the story is not that deep, the film will take you more seriously. , the simplicity of all this makes the movie perfect for both the ordinary man and the film critics. In the final act of the movie, the simplicity of everything turns. very hostile and confused. I thought it was done well, but others may not agree, and I understand why. Twist after tvist is what it is about, and like most films, that's the real situation. Nevertheless, three film writers (Mark Leiner, Jeremy Pikser and John Cusack) have done a fantastic job creating a real and funny satire on today's situation abroad. Joshua Seftel perfectly works on film integrity; not reducing the material to the most comprehensive films (which I was afraid of to happen). Seftel made the film perfectly the way he could: he created a living atmosphere, one that examines cruel reality and cartoon lies; - perfectly contrast them - as well as make the film feel like you're watching it all. Seftel is really taking part in all your actions and paying off completely. There are no wrong steps here. I hope that he takes over more directorial jobs, because he is one of the directors who takes care of that.
