Deanna Durbin, Nan Grai and Barbara Read "Three Smart Girls" in this Universal Film from 1936, which represents the movie audience Deanny Durbin. There are also Rai Milland, Mischa Auer, Charles Vinninger, John King, Binnie Barnes and Alice Brady. It's a sweet story about three young women, who now live in Switzerland with a divorced mother, who hear that their father (Vinninger) is getting married again. Not seeing him for 10 years and knowing that his mother still loved him, they boarded a boat in America, with the help of a housewife / nanny, determined to stop the wedding. Realizing that the intended, called "Precious" (Barnes) is nothing more than a gold digger with the help and encouragement of her mother (Brady), they arrange for her to meet with a rich countess. It is agreed by the accountant of their father (king). The man he chose was drunk (Auer), but the girls miscarried him for real wealth (Milland). What a mess. This is a wonderful movie, which is not overly cute at all, with some nice performances, especially from Auer, Milland, Barnes and Brady. Young women are pretty and do a good job. The emphasis is, of course, on young Durbin, who is a natural actress and a well-dressed singer. In fact, her voice as a young man is much more than she would be as an adult - she does not have a problem with high notes, as she did later because she tended too heavily in a middle voice. She sings the beautiful "Il Bacio" at the police station. One of the most beautiful things in the movie is to see the father, played by Charles Vinninger, not wanting his children around him - until he sees them and sees them. Barns as a gold digger is not so young, but the mother of the girl looks up, so the conclusion was probably the older man who was looking for his youth with a younger, glamorous woman. In fact, he finds the youth he was looking for in his daughters. Universal gives Durban a big build of stars here - she has the last bump in the movie. Rai Milland is still paying his membership fees at this time, and it is likely to be a surprise even for film fans as young and attractive. stardom for Deanna.
