Deanna Durbin, then 14 years old and only under contract with MGM, made a short feature film in 1936 that co-starred with Judi Garland, a year younger, in her first film for both. Louis B. Maier then decided that he did not need two young singers, put his bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, rushed into Three Smart Girls and copied the script to fill his part. It is the last but with a typographic equivalent of neon lights around its name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would be broken, and they were right. Three smart girls are less musical and more comedians, and Durbin, 15 when the film is released, brings him with confidence. She is Penny Craig, and she and her older siblings, Joan and Kai, are determined to save her father, who divorced her mother, from the claw of an elegant gold digger with a fierce mother. From Switzerland, where they live, they talk to New York, where their father lives. They plan not only to interrupt their father at the wedding, but also to join his father with his mother, who after ten years still loves this guy. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in his warm, sweet soprano? Nope. Is there any doubt that girls will succeed ... while Kay and Joan find love and marriage material along the way? Not again. Years later, Durbin was quoted saying that she can not continue to play Little Miss Fikit forever. She was right, of course, but in the film Three Smart Girls, her first feature film, she has a little Miss Fikit. Durbin is ridiculous, decisive, resourceful, energetic and, of course, natural. Her personality is so sincere that this comedy - a mixture of farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful greed - is really sweet. Durbin with ease downloaded movie. It's so much fun to watch her stand against herself like Binnie Barnes as Donna Lyon, a woman with her hips in Penny's rich father, played by Charles Vinninger, who was not even intent on stealing the scene. Alice Brady, who played the matrix in Mi Man Godfrey, plays Donna Lions, who is still more gold digger than her daughter. The last of the realized farceurs is Rai Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who, through a fictional and entertaining substitution, is misconceived for Misha Auer. Three smart girls are well held as a light and fun comedy manners and mixing. Like Deanna Durbin as a brand new star, which with her great success saved Savage's bacon.
