Deanna Durbin really rescued Universal from bankruptcy and allowed her to stay a big studio. By the mid-1930s, most of the big directors who were in Universal, for example, Milestone, Brovning, and Viler have gone. Only James Vhale remained, but his prestigious horror films were behind him. Deanna and Judi Garland appeared in the short film "Every Week", and Garland was originally proposed for the role of Penny in the "Three Smart Girls". When Garland was unavailable, Universal moved to Durbin. In the beginning, she was definitely a player who supported the game, but her potential was so alive that the script was overwritten to become a star. The film directed by Henry Koster had a European touch. The film begins with a beautiful lake panorama in "Switzerland". "Three Smart Girls" title - three sisters, Joan (Nan Grey), Kai (Barbara Read) and Penny (Deanna Durbin) sail with Penny giving her the famous voice "We Heart Is Singing". Everything is not good on the domestic front - their father plans to marry again with a younger woman (Binnie Barnes) so that three girls, with the help of their trusted sister (Lucille Vatson), decide to go to New York and unite with his mother. . Lucille Vatson is best remembered for his role as Robert Tailor's mother in Waterloo Bridge (1941). Donna is a gold digger who, together with her little mother (Alice Brady), is determined. to marry Judson Craig (Charles Vinninger). For someone who does not have a film experience, Deanna is as beautiful as Penny, a typical sandbox, over an enthusiastic clinic, and she is as beautiful as a painting. When she sings "Somebody to care about me" for her father, you will just melt - what a magnificent voice she had. It also has one of the funniest lines in the movie. When his father convinces him to "take you to the zoo" tomorrow, she answers "Oh, I can see enough monkey here" !!! With the help of Bill Evans (John King), they decide to hire a "Count" (Mischa Auer) for the romantic Donn. They arrange to meet in a nightclub, but because of confusion, Lord Michael Stuart (Rai Milland) is defamed by the Count, and Donna falls for him (she thinks she owns half of Australia !!!) The plan is retiring as Kai and Donna want to speed up marriage with Judson. Penny decides to take things into his own hands and escape. She was taken to a local police station where she charmed the police with her performance "Il Bacio" (trying to convince them that she was a young opera singer.) She happily ends with her mother (Nella Valker) who crosses to patch. In the meantime Donna introduces a fake number ( Mischa Auer) and goes with him to Australia. Highly recommended.
