I am surprised by the comments from the poster that Jane Povell recorded the same kind of films that Deanna Durbin did. Although both were young sopranas whose film images were made by Joe Pasternak, if this film was any indication, they were almost polar opposites. While in THREE SMART GIRLS, Durbin plays the impulsive "Little Miss" Fikit, "which, after some failure, manages to reunite her divorced parents in her" half-remake, "the TRI DARING DAUGHTERS, Jane Povell almost destroys the marriage between her screen Mama Jeanette MacDonald and her new stepfather Jose Iturbi when she refuses to accept her with the strong armaments of her younger brothers and sisters to reject him. From the Durbin and Povell films I have seen, I would say that these different qualities permeate early films both of these talented young performers. As for Durbin's performance in THREE SMART GIRLS, I find him completely victorious and most impressive. Although from her occasional pervasive and excessively accentuated regular readings in some of the more energetic scenes, it's clear that this is an early film for Deanne, Looking at the confident, conscious and natural way of delivering his lines and performing all over the whole, and the muted and gentle way to project serious scenes, you would never guess that it was the first film role of a fourteen-year-old girl whose former professional experience It consisted of almost exclusively two years of vocal teaching. Since this film, like Durbin itself, was very publicized at the time as "the last universal chance," production must have been an impossible stressful situation for a film beginner of any age, but you "We never know it from the ease and safety of the Durbin displays on the screen. Although it's still clearly developing its style of acting and keeping it in front of the camera (this is equally true for early performances by many more experienced contemporaries such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Povell), Durbin projects the extraordinary presence and warmth on the camera she is absolutely unique to her, and even here, in her first film, manages to remain immensely sympathetic in spite of the often rapid impulsiveness of her character, and although she is occasionally penetrating, she never for a second projects the shy and crazy quality that hit many children's stars, including Jane Povell and some other young singers who followed her success. In short, like all the great singing stars, Durbin was much more than a "wonderful voice." On the other hand, while Durbin pure lyric soprano truly remarkable and magnificent instr ment, the most important thing about me was the way in which she was able to project her poems, without the slightest impression or "grandes" to guess the singing of adult opera singers such as Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in films from that period. The film is also delighted, under the great influence of comedy, and it supports Durban cream -La-creme top-notch professionals such as Charles Vinninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Rai Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and fun. True, it's hardly "realistic", but why would someone expect it to be? If you want: "realistic" rent GRAPES VRATH or TRIUMPH OF THE VILL. On the other hand, if you are looking for a real, sweet, entertaining and entertaining family comedy with a beautiful, charismatic and gifted adolescent "lead", and great players who support you, this movie will not let you down.
