Time paradoxes are the devil's trap for underdeveloped minds. It's fun to consider 'what if?' somehow. The filmmakers and authors have always dealt with this film and television, including Star Trek: The First Contact, the Trilogy Return to the Future, the Great Adventure of Bea and Ted, Earth Day Wings and the Stargate SG1 Honor, '. Heinlein's "All Iou Zombies" was written a few decades ago, and yet people will still be turning around people reading this short story for the first time. In the case of Terry Gilliam's great film, '12 Monkeys', it's difficult to determine which continuity problems are opposite to the plot elements that are intended to reconsider us. Repetition will lead us to different conclusions if we keep the open mind. Some, watching the movie for the first time, will be considered Cole, played by Bruce Villis, a schizophrenic. Most will see Kola as a man who is upset by what Adams described as "the constant exhaustion of experience" that he traveled through time. future history can be changed by the manipulation of events in the past. Cole tells his psychiatrist, Madeleine Stove, that this time can not be changed, but the phone call he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientists after being sent back in 1996, in his personal time schedule. Even this can be interpreted as an event that must have occurred in a single space of the time line, to ensure that the time sequence does not change ... Cole must die before the eyes of his younger fate to be realized. If this is the case, time is like a fluid, always finds its level or path, regardless of the external forces that work on it. This overwhelms the mind to hold too much on such things. If you can change future events that will then run the actions of those who have the power to send people back in time, as we see on the plane's plane at the end of the film, this means that the future can be changed by manipulating past events. .. or that? The film probably led to a multitude of drunken fights in bars visited by physicists and mathematicians. The bonus material on the DVD makes it a very interesting display. Gilliam was under more than normal pressure to bring the film into a budget, which was not a particular surprise after the 'Munchausen' debut in the light of his later attempt to shoot Don Quixote. I would rate the 'creation' of a documentary as one of the more interesting I've seen. This is certainly not a sculpture, and it accurately sees the difficulties and occasional conflicts between creative people. Gilliam's description of the film as his "7th" edition, due to a film written by other writers, and not just that - and not just "his" film - does not make the film itself justice. The image of Goines Brad Pitt is unusually interesting, although his character is not particularly nice. Watch his little winter view in one of the asylum scenes. It's disturbing and disturbing. Probably coincidence, Louise Armstrong's song "Vhat Vonderful War" was used at the end and '12 Monkeys' and the latest episodes of the 'The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy' series of the TV series. Both the film and TV series were also featured by British actor Simon Jones. The '12 Monkeys' is a science fiction story that will entertain in the same way that the mental stimulation of the chess game can be entertained. It's not a foolish recreation, that's for sure.
