Time paradoxes are the devil's trap for underdeveloped minds. It's fun to consider 'what if?' somehow. The filmmakers and authors have always dealt with this film and television, including Star Trek: The First Contact, the Trilogy Return to the Future, the Great Adventure of Bea and Ted, Earth Day Wings and the Stargate SG1 Honor, '. Heinlein's "All Iou Zombies" was written a few decades ago, and yet people will still be turning around people reading this short story for the first time. In the case of Terry Gilliam's great film, '12 Monkeys', it's difficult to determine which continuity problems are opposite to the plot elements that are intended to reconsider us. Repetition will lead us to different conclusions if we keep the open mind. Some, watching the movie for the first time, will be considered Cole, played by Bruce Villis, a schizophrenic. Most will see Kola as a man who is upset by what Adams described as "the constant exhaustion of experience" that he traveled through time. future history can be changed by the manipulation of events in the past. Cole tells his psychiatrist, Madeleine Stove, that this time can not be changed, but the phone call he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientists after being sent back in 1996, in his personal time. Even this can be interpreted as an event that must have occurred in a single space of the time line, to ensure that the time sequence does not change ... Cole must die before the eyes of his younger fate to be realized. If this is the case, time is like a fluid, always finds its level or path, regardless of the external forces that work on it. This overwhelms the mind to hold too much on such things. If you can change future events that will then run the actions of those who have the power to send people back in time, as we see on the plane's plane at the end of the film, this means that the future can be changed by manipulating past events. .. or that? The film probably led to a multitude of drunken fights in bars visited by physicists and mathematicians
