"Twelve Monkeys" is strange and disturbing, but at the same time intelligent and intelligent. He wisely jumps between the future and the past, and the story speaks of a man named James Cole, a convicted man who was returned to the past to collect information about a virus that was made by a man who destroyed 5 billion human populations. In the beginning, Cole was accidentally sent back in 1990, and accidentally he was taken to a mental institution where he was trying to explain his purpose and where he met with psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly who was trying to help him and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist. Being provocative and somehow so understandable, dealing with reason and madness, the film is definitely a masterpiece in the history of science-fiction films. The story is fantastic. It's so original and so funny. The script itself, written by David and Janet Peoples, was inspired by a film called "La Jetee" (1962) that I did not see, but I must thank the film director and writer, Chris Marker, for giving such inspiration to the writers "Twelve Monkeys." I read a little about "La Jetee", it's not the same story, but it has the same idea, so this is not just a copy. David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great inspiration into a modernized story that speaks of this urgent need for people to find a solution to maintain human existence and it does so in such a beautiful and realistic way that it is guaranteed to drive excitement from start to finish. The music used in the movie is strange and somehow so funny and fun, but it does not fit exactly as you really do not get it and when you realize it's so striking, Paul Buckmaster was composed. Terri Gilliam, whom we recall from Monty Python, as a film director, was a real surprise for me, as I never considered him the director's type of person. I know that he directed films before, but I really could not believe he could do something so magnificent. It should not be a surprise, because he does an incredible job. You can still feel that same strangeness as in Pithon, but for me, the direction is pretty flawless, though in my strange way of describing things make some scenes a strange disturbance. Yes, it's really weird, weird, bizarre and disturbing, so it makes the movie too hard, so the viewers with a weak mind are probably hard to watch the movie all the way. It's not as hard as you could imagine, but it only has certain things that are sometimes quite difficult to watch in their own way. Despite this, the film keeps that pure intelligence inside and through flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and the future, mixes the whole story in a very smart way, and does not even make a mess in any part, even though it does not make any mess. however concentration is needed by observers. What comes to acting, so the movie does not go there either. In the role of James Cole is played by powerful Bruce Villis, who so far probably plays his best role. Now people do not agree with me because he also did a good job for example, "The Sixth Feeling", but for me the role of James Cole was so ideal for Willis and he performed it incredibly well. And the character is very well written, but even better. Kol begins to question his own existence and deals with himself, beginning to question his real life time, trying to survive and find the key missing part of the puzzle. In difficulty he begins to lose his faith, asking whether he can even trust or believe himself. Other roles to mention are the performances by Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly, psychiatrist James Cole, who sees something strange in Cole and decides to help him deal with his insanity. She somehow begins to believe in the story of Kola, but as a believer of science tries to find solutions through her and tries to deal with reason when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and has so far played one of his best roles. The craziness, but also the funny personality of character, led Pitt even to the Oscars nomination, so I guess I do not praise a really incredible performance for anything. All in all, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great scientific-fantastic experience and will surely be a recommendation for everyone, especially for fans of science fiction. It includes brilliant characters and top roles, especially from Villas and Pitt, and an original and entertaining story that forms a compliment that is so intelligent and smart. However, since this has already been mentioned strange and disturbing, it definitely attracts the attention of the viewer by making it interesting and funny. It's also an explosive thriller and has a romance in it, so it's all in the same package and it makes it one of the best sci-fi moving images I've ever seen. Through Terri Gilliam's strange but incredible vision, he managed to stay in balance despite a somewhat nervous, but somehow a steady ride. It's hard to explain really, but that's right, the mind is blowing.
