The story of this movie is truly remarkable. The virus detached and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we now know is that the animals rule over the earth above and there are posters that say: "Twelve monkeys did it." That is true, the human race had to hide in the underworld of a disease that killed over 500 billion people. Obviously, animals do not contract this disease. A day-to-day scientist is trying to discover how this disease caused this; how was it created; if nature did it or it created a mere human being. All they know is that there are a bunch of animals moving around the city above them, the death began in 1996-1997, and twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least what the poster says.) So, the current convict named James Cole (Bruce Villis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples from above. After doing his "volunteer" job, he is asked to return to the time until 1996 to understand what happened to the world. Kol accepts and the story of twelve monkeys begins. Throughout the story, the time machine gets the wrong dates several times, from 1990, until sometime during the 1950s. (In the middle of the war.) During the time he travels back and forth, he begins to ruin James in the head, and it twists the story. The whole story is very well made and I would give her a higher score that there was no end. I personally did not like the ending of the film and I was very disappointed. I just expected more by explaining the end of what happened, but not everyone who thinks this way. So I gave him 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as me, I would give him 6 or 7. For the whole action of the movie, I give him A +. Bruce Villis is great for this role and is well-behaved, but Brad Pitt is completely 100% excellent. His acting is so big that he fits so well into the character. I never worried about Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and fighting club. Whether there is a character or the like in this movie, he is just a little more ... crazy in this movie. So, I think this film is completely worth checking out. For most people, it's a great science fiction movie, but I do not think it's a masterpiece.
