I can not decide if this is one of my favorite movies. It's a good thriller and it has an emotional core, but I can not decide. I definitely liked it. This is the first movie Terri Gilliam I've seen. My first impression? I was engaged to the very end and it's not all that complex (confusing). The film is set in the future. The man, James Cole, is sent from the future to get some information from the past (1996 to be specific). The virus killed 5 billion people. He is sent from the future to get some information about it. Psychiatrist Kathryn Railly is also included here. A lovely story is beautifully depicted and you can truly feel the desire in this love and the longing for a regular life. In the end, the loose ends are bound in a very interesting way. The one thing I liked in this movie is that unlike other post-apocalyptic films, the movie did not like to give any boring social role comment and instead focused on this type and its longing for a regular life. "You want to see the ocean, be with it" is a particularly sharp line in this movie. He chooses to focus on tension and confusion in the mind of a person. That's why this is not a post-apocalyptic film, but it can be described as a romantic sci-fi movie with topics that range from travel through time to foggy reality, and so on. This is what makes this film a special film of the nineties. A complex unit runs smoothly without adding too many characters. The performance is pretty good. Bruce villis surprised me because he did not play the regular guy here, but he gave a good performance to a confused man who is in love. His despair in certain sequences is nicely presented. I need to check his other films. Beautiful Madeleine Stove is a real treat for watching. Ever since I saw this movie, I became so obsessed with it. She gave an excellent performance of a woman who sympathizes with her patient and finally falls in love with him. Brad Pitt is a real surprise with his portrait of a crazy man named Jeffrei Goines. His performance nominated for the Oscars is quite surprising given that he does not have many critics who have kind words for him. The end is pretty cool and this is another reason to watch the movie. Length or complexity is not such a big problem because this film is quite fast and has enough incidents to make people interested. Every incident in this movie has meaning and nothing is unnecessary. Good Thriller 10/10
