NB: Spoilers inside. This great movie is "about" so many things, everything is successful: a science-fantastic journey through time, unstable psychology, dystopian society, what-is-thing syndrome, a gradual undermining of the belief system, world bioterrorism and a new love story. Developing a twisted timeline story provokes a furious debate - testify to the discussions on this site; or, as extreme, see the dissertation at vvv.mjioung.net / time / monkeis.html. Vhev! Such a temporal emphasis speaks mainly of the brilliant complication, which comes from the magnificent work of writers David and Janet Peoples, not to mention the inspiration of Chris Marker "La Jetee". No doubt, this is one of the most successful, fascinating films about the ever traveled journey. But there are many other levels here. The real genius of the movie is to focus on the nasty side effects of traveling through the time of James Cole's head (Bruce Villis, doing the best job in his career here). His journey is advancing from vaccination warriors to the gradual destruction of the victim? and back. The second wide sweep of the story is increasingly emphasizing the personal story between James and Dr. Kathryn Railly (beautiful Madeleine Stove). I like the simultaneous changes / opposing views of these two characters. It's all in my head on the scene of the hotel room. To this point, James ?? Once caught by a firm determination? now he completely doubts his reality; while Dr. Railli ?? cool and rational scientist? finally, after absorbing James's evidence, he became wildly convinced of his terrible predictions. Her desperation to come to James and stay on the mission shows her how far she has come. Gilliam takes care of these characters, especially through the crescendo of tension in their lives. The balance between an emotional roller coaster and a sci-fi jigsaw / trilera installation is remarkable. And the unraveling at the airport is very intense because we see that it comes so clearly through James' dreams. It's here, right after James decided to leave the whole mess? And struggling with your insanity more than ever ?? to return to the plate and do what is necessary for mankind. See Jose and the gun? (Immediately before, references to Hitchcock's "Vertigo" and the transfer of identity / confusion are brilliant.) This is a film that scatters between people who think; it not only keeps under repeated observations, it requires them. "Twelve Monkeys" is an intelligent, provocative, bizarre, fun, and tense thing. The support is excellent, especially Brad Pitt steals all his scenes and shows great flexibility like Jefferi Goines, crazy and spoiled. , but never survived. And there's David Morse as Dr. Peters (interestingly how the movie simply leaves the viewer's broken motivation) and Christopher Plummer as Dr. Goines. But the greatest acknowledgments belong to Terry Gilliam, surpassing here - barely - his extraordinary "Brazil". (A lot of parallels, of course, a particularly lonely fighter who tries to escape from his disintegrating environment: madness inside, without madness.) Each frame of this film has its own unique seal and tone. Soundtrack is great, too. This is one of the greatest achievements of the nineties, real my favorite, and it will surely remain for a long time.
