I usually try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much as I can, because it's just not a genre that I really like. Bright swords, UFOs, aliens, time travel ... most of the time is nothing for me. However, there is one movie in the genre that will always give me a place in my list of top movies and this is the "Twelve Monkeys" I remember that I completely took it out for the first time, but even now, after I've seen it several times, and I'm still one of his biggest fans. Every time I see it, this movie looks better and better. Somewhere in the distant future, all people live underground because an unknown and deadly virus has erased five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 percent of the population. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and is selected as a 'volunteer' to return in time to collect information on the origin of the epidemic. They believe that it was spread by a mysterious group called 'Twelve Monkeys' and it needs a virus before it mutated, so scientists can study it. But their travel machine still does not function perfectly and was accidentally sent in 1990, where he met Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, a crazy son of a well-known scientist and virus expert ... <br / What I like so much in this film is the fact that it's never clear whether everything that you see is real or not. Is it just an illusion, created in the mind of a mentally ill person or is it real? Does he really come from the future and can he really travel through time? Was the population truly destroyed by the virus that liberated the army of the Twelve Monkeys? These are all questions that will ask you from the beginning to the end. If the creators of this film chose to make it all more obvious, I'm sure I would never like it as much as I am now. It's this mystery that keeps me interested. But of course this is not the only good thing in this movie. The acting is also incredible. I'm usually not a fan of Bruce Villis, but what he did in this movie was amazing. Together with Madeleine Stove and Brad Pitt, he had to win several awards for it, as together with an incredible story, this film was so incredibly good. Even after a few reviews, I'm still a great fan of this movie. Except for this movie, I saw only one other movie about Terry Gilliam and it was "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", which was not bad, but he did not even believe me. However, this film really made me look forward to his other work. I give him 9/10, maybe even 9.5 / 10.
