Terri Gilliam and David Peoples have teamed up to create one of the most intelligent and most creative films in the science fiction of the 90s. People have proven a scenario with bizarre reversals and fantastic ideas about the nature of time? I particularly like the idea that the past can not be changed; Is it a nice counterpoint of so many time travel movies that say differently? biological holocausts and a thin line between common sense and madness. Gilliam visualized his ideas with unique wonders, perfection and originality. The story itself is included: one man, James Cole (played by Bruce Villis in a beautiful heart) travels several decades in the past to retrieve information about the virus that destroyed humanity and left only a few survivors alive in the underworld: s the information they will collect, scientists hope to find a medicine so that everyone can return to the surface in the future. But because their technology of traveling through time is not perfect, in the end it is sent to other past times and complicates things. And from this comes a brilliant thriller of science fiction with the nuances of the film noir, as multiple pieces of huge puzzle start to fit together to form a bizarre story that includes animal rights activists, end of millennium paranoia, biological weapons, the perception of reality and the definition of common sense. With such a complicated film, Gilliam and Peoples were easy to make a mess, but instead, Twelve Monkeys are a narrative that gives rise to reflection and will satisfy those who like to be challenged and have the patience to value some crazy ideas. I watched this movie about 10 years ago. He marked me a lot: I remember I was still thinking about many days after; for my young mind it seemed pretty amazing and it was one of the first films that made me appreciate cinema as something serious and important. I watched this movie again a few days ago on DVD and it's better than I remembered it. Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes he plays, playing Jeffrey Goines? almost as an introduction to his Tiler Durden character in the Fight Club ?? rich child with some anarchist / nonconformist ideas that are also crazy and, according to Cole, maybe responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the nonsense are best in the film, Pitt's eyes, voice and strange manners convince you that he's a really crazy guy locked in a distorted logic only he understands it. Pitt's Oscar nomination was earned! It was amazing also the performance of Bruce Villise: I do not remember him well, but he is beautiful and full of sensibility; plays a man who spent almost his entire life in the underworld, and when he comes into the past, you will share his childhood fascination with something as simple as breathing fresh air in the morning or watching the sunset. Kol is a rather ambiguous character, People tried to get him into the darkness, and other things and other things disturbed other people and themselves: the scene in which he takes off his own teeth reveals how far his dementia is gone. Ironically, Col did not go as a crazy figure, but when he began to warn everyone about the end of the world, he was considered crazy and convinced that everything was in his mind, until he reached the point where he could not distinguish the past from the future, the reality of fiction . Villis spends a lot of time on confusion and insecurity, and works perfectly. One of the fun factories in the story is when Kolov psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Railly, finds irrefutable proof that it is really out of the future and now has to convince him again in his mission to save the world. The scenario is full of strange turns like this one and keeps the movie at a fast pace. Their relationship is also good, although it may be a little compressed over time. But I enjoyed watching Cole and Railly fall in love and trying to escape the authority of the future to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things end up in a tragic / bittersweet climact at the airport, wrapping all the pieces together, which will blow many minds. Se7en or Fight Club, and a more intimate place where Railly kneels next to Cole, who was just hit and looked around for younger James Cole, who is the witness of his future death; the two of them have a short look and she smiles at him. The turn is brilliant, but I prefer this end for emotional impact. Madeleine Stove is a very good game by Dr. Railli, he has drawn many different emotions from me in his performance. The film is filled with a sense of fatalism with the idea that the past can not be changed: this film shows it in a terrifying way. It reminds me of the Chinese quarter in that sense, the way Jake Gittes gets tired of all the more trying to help. The iron figure divides that fatalism, what more is it trying to help Cola? first he dealt with his "madness" and then helped him in his mission? The more involved in the tragedy. Turning ends with inspired notes, but the sense of Cole's mission was not futile. Twelve Monkeys is a great movie to watch if they want to have fun; it should not be art, although there are more artists than many artistic films. It's an unpretentious movie in which all the elements, from music to editing, costume design, etc., came together to produce a modern film masterpiece.
