No doubt, 12 MONKEIS is one of the best Sci-fi genres, and director Terry Gilliam is not an alien in removing such a cinematographic originality. The apocalyptic film that keeps you completely obsessed, 12 MONKEIS never gives up and hits you all the time. The excellent use of Philadelphia boutiques and sets of underworld creates a Gothic sense of tragedy and two people caught up in time in the wrong place. everything will happen. It is actually normal, but people of the future (or present if you want) distort the head of this type so badly through time travel, it's no wonder that it's futile. They sent him to the First World War immediately after Beng sent for the wrong year to find out how the army of twelve monkeys pulled the destruction of the civilization we know. They finally get the right solution, and what is truly a fantastic script that matches performance, we see Villis, Madeleine Stove and the evil Brad Pitt, which are compared over the course of six years. is sensual and firm as a risky psychiatrist who slowly begins to realize that Villis may not be as cracked as it seems. The striking element of the relationship between her and Villise is their sense to "see" one another before, in another place or in time. 12 MONKEIS is essentially about the time and madness of the futuristic people and the time of the present, when murderers and psychotic geniuses can change the world. A gothic background for Villis's situation to end his mission that, against all the usual Hollywood stereotypes, does not save the world. He collects information. The film also plays tricks on the viewer, putting Villisa in a new setting at the fall of the needle. This must have been an extremely heavy picture, but Gilliam seems to be the master of a hard-cooked movie. Even in some humor it is reduced to other great works such as TIME BANDITS and BRAZIL. The screen is a canvas for this man and he knows how to paint an sometimes frightening picture of the world and its possible future in the mainstream atmosphere of large-budget films. If you want sincere madness and ironic tragedy, take a look at 12 MONKEY. RATING: 9 of 10
