Linear motion within a nonlinear structure. The fact is that the time, in 12 monkeys, flows into this coming and departure between the present, the future and the past. However, the linearity of the film can not be avoided: it is the work of a projector, the development of narration. What we see in the background of the thematic theme is a reflection on the inevitability of our actions. . The world of this film about Terry Gilliam is a world with little space for free will. From the very beginning, we are introduced to schizophrenic prophecy, according to which the plague would have ruled Earth in 1997, forcing a few survivors to live underground - the only place that the virus was not hit. Cole's (Villis) mission is clear: go back in the mid-90s to explore whatever and who is related to the release of the virus. There is no way to change the past: everything that can be done is gathering information that can help the scientists of the present (that is for future viewers) to find a cure. Do not change what happened (the past is inevitable), but make the present a better one. In his "return" in time, Col progressively comes close to the startling dilemma: his life in the past is better than the latter is dark and dehumanized, controlled by totalitarian scientists who choose "volunteers" (this is ironic ) to embark on a journey into the past. Scientists have not yet reached the highest level of achievement in time travel, and Col ends at the wrong dates - this will later be complicated to work as evidence of his common sense for psychiatrist Kathrin (Stove). We can see, through the evolution of the story, that linearity and non-linearity interweave in circular temporality. There is more than one moment in which the scene that is the first and ends is the last - and certainly climatic - it appears. It is changing, according to the evocation of Kol's memories, that appear in his dreams. At the airport, a man was killed while he was running, armed, according to someone else. One blond running for the murdered. This is a scene that links the past (in which Cole is a child visiting the airport with his parents), the present (time of storytelling). In the future, Kol has the feeling that he has already experienced the reality he is now experiencing. His prophetic dreams are evidence that it is impossible to escape or avoid what happened. The agents who shoot him prevent him from killing a crazy scientist, Dr. Peters (Morse), who is responsible for the spread of the disease. What can not be changed. And in the case of Cole, what was. Eternal. Film for many does not understand. For me, nothing less than a masterpiece. Other good films with a similar theme: The Back to the Future, the trilogy (which has another angle in terms of the character of the "crazy scientist", and although sharing the atmosphere of decay - especially in the second film - is much more optimistic than Gilliam's work, it's a strange Hollywood picture). In another registry, there is the "Wild Berries", one of Bergman's masterpieces, this implies a striking and enlightening journey into the past through dreams and reminiscences. I've never seen "La Jetee", but just because I can not find it.
