There is a story (perhaps apocryphal) about the exchange between Bruce Villus and Terry Gilliam at the start of twelve monkeys. Gilliam (apparently) made a long list (think of a plane from the fifth element) and handed it to Butch Bruce. It was titled "Things Bruce Villis does when he works". It ended with a simple message: "Please do not do anything above in my movie." There is a fact about this film (definitely true). Gilliam had no hand in writing. I claim that these two factors played a major role in creating an extraordinary (if not commercial) success such as the Twelve Monkeys. Visual, twelve monkeys are everything we rightly expected from Gilliam's film. It is also full of Gilliamesku's surrealism and general (but magnificent) strangeness. Gilliam looks forward to the wrong audience. Although the end of twelve monkeys will surprise anyone who has gone through the first reality, Gilliam borrows from Kafka an hour, a bureaucratically ruthless movement of characters towards their fate. It is the journey and development of the characters they submit, which disturbs. I love movies Gilliam (especially Brazil). But they all suffer from the same weakness. It seems that he has so many ideas, and so much enthusiasm that his films almost always end up as a tangled mess (especially Brazil). I continue to argue that Gilliam's tour is Brazil, but it can not be denied that The Tvelve Monkei is a breeze of fresh air in the narrow-planning department. The style, content, and form seem to merge in a way that is not usually seen from the former Python. from the bald. Bruce is great in this movie, like all actors, especially suitable sweets - and very frightening - Brad Pitt. It has been more than a decade since this film was released. When I looked at her again, I realized that he did not really grow old. Of course, I changed. And it looked at me with fresh eyes. This seems to me an appropriate respect for a movie that is, at least partly, related to mirror reflections, changed perspectives, and absurd travel in one direction through the time that we all make. First film. 8/10.
