The stories of the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have existed for centuries, from the very creation of science fiction as a genre as such. The fact that today's society is responsible for what can become a future in the near future, and that our own abuses and repulsions are to see what is right in front of the eyes at the heart of all these stories, whether they are good or bad. Terri Gilliam is naturally natural for this kind of film. The film gives a decadent feeling all over the world, showing a society that is exhausted by its own excesses and brings a sense of close tragedy despite the moments of comedy. His world, the world in which twelve monkeys appear, is a place where mad crashes wild, where the towns are crumbling in dirt and desolation, where everything smells of anticipation despite the brightness of the introductory series, where madness appears at every corner. This is a very dark film, but its best, the more linear (in spite of the complications that are subject to testing), and the one that repairs the repeated views. The tragic event in which the deadly film Virus was released into humanity in 1996, and in that way led to the extermination of life on the planet, as we knew it. This leads scientists of the future to try to alter the destiny of humanity on Earth by employing waste landowners Earth - like guinea pigs returning to the past, including one James Cole (underlined by the great effect of Bruce Willis). Cole could be any person. We do not know anything about him, but in a way, it does not matter because he is just one of many spending volunteers and the hints of his character are sneaking up later when he comes close to fulfilling his mission. What we know is that he is the dreamer, and his dreams may have been a reality: he may have already been at the scene of 1996. It's a constant feeling of deja vu that is constantly appearing during the film. When he was mistakenly taken to the mental department in 1990, he met Jeffrey Goines (a spin-starring Brad Pitt nominated for the Oscars) who spurns out a speech about ruin and destruction, and later Cole believes that he saw Goines in his recurring dream, the guy's gurney aside while running ... what? He does not know. She later met psychologist Kathrin Railli (Madeleine Stove), and one of her first reactions to him is that he was crazy and had seen him earlier. During his participation in this story, this becomes a passive / resistant running, and even a crazy belief that Something terribly comes In This Way, especially when he meets him six years later: she saw Cole earlier. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about the dream that continues, in which she also plays the role of blonde running through the passage, screaming for help, after firing a red-haired man in a horse's tail (Jeffrey Goines?) Apparently escaped, and not before the little boy that the innocent observer threw out. The questions arise: did these events happen? Will it happen? Who really is part of it, or better yet - are all, to the smallest players, part of the big deal? Or is it all a trick in the tissue of time in which Time itself is a big transport belt that shows the repetition of fragments of events that are repeated over and over again? These questions are formulated in a masterpiece that includes the key stages of masterpiece by Alfredo Hitchcock VERTIGO in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton mourns his short existence ("You did not notice," Cole says, as Cole and the clock from their places in the cinema in which hiding). The excerpts from VERTIGO's dialogue form a film for dialogue between Railli and Cole, and later, when Cole wakes up from apparently loathed at the theater and goes on search for Railly, he faces her face face to face (seeing almost exactly as is Eva Maria Saint from NORTH BI NORTHVEST), because the swelling of Bernard Herrmann plays Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. It's a fascinating sequence, even more so because of the most incredible appearance of actors in both films: Madeleine Stove plays Kathryn Railly, who puts on a blue wig and a gray jacket and is called "Judi Simmons" while helping a "crazy" man named James Cole; James Stewart plays a detective trying to help Mad Madame Elster, who will reappear more than once, twice, first as a junior Judy Barton, and later as Madeleine. Action and re-participation, playing and playing again.
