I'm joking, I hired 12 Monkeys the other day because I'm Bruce Villis's big fan and I've heard some things about the movie. Some were good and some were bad, but that was one of those movies that you had to pay attention every second, so I was a little worried. Just because I felt for a moment if it would be one of those films I had to watch several times to get them. I watched him last night and I was truly impressed, this film had everything in it: action, drama, science-fiction, history, dark humor, and even a small romance. All the actors did a great job, I am very responsible for Bruce, during his scene in a car with his psychiatrist, he really came to me. But, Brad Pitt, I was just wondering how good a job he was doing. He did not exaggerate with his character, who was crazy, and he just did it and he was extremely convincing. The story was just scary but very good and an invitation to awaken. James Cole is a man in the future when he broke out a virus in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived including him. Animals are now ruling over the earth, while people are down, but scientists send James back in the 1990s (really meant to send him to '96) to find information about the virus. James fell into a psychiatric institution with his new psychiatrist, dr. Kathrin Raili and another mental patient, Jeffrey Goines. They tell them about the future, of course, no one believes him, he returns to the future. But scientists sent him back to the correct year in which James took the doctor, but he told her more and trusted him. Now they are trying to prevent the virus from ever happening. 12 Monkeys was an incredible movie. As I said, the story was so scary just because it's not hard to believe that we are not far from it. But the whole movie was great, actors, sets, only the whole picture was great. He had a Terminator type of feeling that we could lose something precious one day, if we do not listen to others ourselves. What is right and what is wrong? Who knows? But I would highly recommend 12 Monkeys, it's a great movie that if you give it a real chance, I'm sure you will enjoy it. 9/10
