A fantastic, distorted story about Terri Gilliam about a virus that destroys everything, except for a few people across the Earth, forcing them to move into the underworld and the man who is sent back in time to gather information about it is a fantastic, giddy and highly stylized movie that can boast Bruce Villis' best performance ever. What 12 monkeys stand out from most of the weather-sci-fi movies is that the character Bruce Villis actually deals with the question of the psychological effects of traveling through time, that is, not knowing what reality is the real reality: where it comes from or passenger traveler leaves. Also, the film recognizes that things that have gone past can not be changed and that the prevention of a cataclysmic event, in this case of the release of the said virus, can not be stopped or changed. As Villis claims: "It has already happened," while he is in a mental hospital, the main dilemma in which the film enters is not ordinary, exaggerated complication to save the world; Instead, it's Villis's inner struggle to simply survive. It's a fresh, innovative concept, which works great thanks to the tough script written by Peoples and Gilliam's unique brand of dementia. In addition, 12 Monkeys narration is completely non-linear and instead defines to distort and bend the way the story is told skilfully incorporating a series of different time sequences: flashbacks, dreams, memories, present, past , the future, and even the scene that was erected from Hitchcock's Vertigo. Everyone serves to occupy the viewer in his disturbing cacophony of insanity and futility. Visual, Gilliam is a master of devastation of shame and shadow that compete with Tim Burton in his highly disfigured landscapes and paintings. With a cool, wide and immersed cinema, Gilliam dips into the colorful environment and darkness of his characters. Scenes are often bathed with unusual antiseptics, dead white and help contrast with the characteristics that often return to madness. Brad Pitt steals most of the scenes, filling them with patented crazy, off-the-vall performance that earned him an Oscar nomination. As mentioned, Bruce Villis gives the best performance of his career, not returning to his heroic clichés and cardboard hero, and instead describing Cole as a simple, touching, tragic man. Equally good is Madeline Stove as Villys psychologist. She keeps her, injecting her character with wild energy and strength as she collapses under the weight of what she believes is a false "religion." Gilliam's expert, an overwhelming and complex approach to what could have been a routine action / sci-fi movie makes 12 Monkeys an attractive vision of the nightmare, a futuristic landscape. His rich, well-designed, tangled story, along with the brass performances from the whole cast and his dark, dark cinema, make him a masterpiece of insanity. The ranking in my top 10 of all time, 12 Monkeys is a darkly sumptuous spectacle of film full of brightness. 10 of 10
