Contrary to popular belief, this title, at least to me, is not so bad. Actually. I think it's a favorite movie of all time. Welding stories were not too well structured when taking into account the differences between the series, but despite everything, you can watch it pretty happily. For the feature film of their time, the scenes are well proportionate and the characters remain consistently convincing. Sound / audio record is my personal favorite. Almost everything has the right sound effect, and many of the voices match the characters much better than their, now poorly dubbed American dubs, colleagues. Synchronization is perfect in every shot. I had several problems with casting for 'alien' voices (please forgive me for a rough appointment, it's been a long time since I saw it). Otherwise, the actors seemed perfectly balanced. I feel and believe in the characters of this film. Dubs are often an object that I rarely agree with so long ago. I've had OSD since then, but the casts often allowed strings. At this point I want to add that this was one of the first anime I've seen in my life. It has a historical value for me, but even after I saw the original Megazone 23, it has remained stronger and more viewed in my collection. As far as I know, the title has ever arrived in the USA in Texas. Personally, I think it's a big shame. If the exact audience was subjected to this, I think Robotech The Movie would be accepted and would not be defective over the years. I was involved in the anime every day of my life and everyone I showed this movie thought was a nicely compiled title. Watching the movie on separate components will allow the viewer to notice an obvious hole story between the shows. However, without looking at the original, the viewer would not even notice. Since the animation is identical in style, there was no reason for it to be examined in its own time. Great Britain had very limited access to the anime. Laser discs were the most productive media. Personally, I like the way Carl had the balls to at least suppress the genre. I mean, Harmony did not intend to put the money for the series to be published. In spite of the small whimsical mistakes that people have had with this movie, the Eighties feel that it keeps me in love. If you are now looking at Megazone 23, the original Japanese sound or new dub, I believe you will be very disappointed with the OSD. Return your mind back to the original music background Bubblegum Crisis Dub and imagine the new audio music of the 1980s for E.V.E. Say all this. The popularity of this film today is most likely to be its rarity in the open market. Personally, it made a collection for me. Now I am looking for a world of goods of three components that they have invented, and if I ever meet with Carl Maccom, he painfully handles those efforts, and I buy him a pint or chest to drag me into anime.
