An intriguingly brave film will intertwine seemingly simple work with a camera with incredible casting and an explosive music background to tackle the harmful effects of crime and corruption in Santiago's suburbs on 2 naive young brothers from the city of Temuco in the south. Daniella Rios is a seductive erotic dancer Gracia, who works in a nightclub owned by a new mini wave in Chilean film production, Alejandro Trejo. The older brother, whom Nestor Cantillana played mature, is easily persuaded to become Tray's leading chef, after a night at the strip club to celebrate the seventeenth birthday of younger brother Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda). From the footage of this introductory scene, the film explodes into neo-noar research of everything the outside world usually does not expect to see in this country so stereotypically conservative and Catholic. Gracia's charms of seduction attract three men as honey bees, although the circular story of a three-page fantastic romance revolves around a linear display of large international drug contracts between Tray's men and Gringo, Eduardo Barrillo. Power relations become a vital topic, because social outsiders merge into a mini-family. The prostitute holds an exotic spell on all Chilean men in the film, going from her ambiguous position to the periphery of society, and is considered to be the key to the future of all three men. Relations between Trejo and Cantillane are becoming important because boys' parents are prone to their absence (presumed to still live in Temuco). That is why Trejo, El Padrino, who "approves" Cantillana, and effectively "makes him" like a man in the city. Miranda soon becomes a desperate outsider, because his dependence on his "father figure", Cantillan, is becoming more and more strained by jealousy over the beautiful Gracie. However, Miranda remains trapped by the restrictions that she continues to be in school - it depends on Cantillane, which is dependent on Trejo, for the money to survive. Trejo is in turn under the thumb of Gring, and his fortune is piled up with drugs and his strip clubs. The character Gracie acts as a time bomb that is regarded as a beautiful fireworks, wrapping a net of beauty within the patriarchy, but tension can only lead to one climax. As there is tension in these power relations, Gracia remains ambiguously unattainable. The viewer is never sure which male figure to start. The film ends tragically and explosively in a shootout that reshapes power relations and deletes half of the main male protagonists. The last shot of Miranda's beaten face that is accelerating down the PanAmerican Highway is desperately powerful. The boy sucked the bait of a city underground, but lost the only visible family, and his wife, who is his only friend in the film. He has nothing. The most important metaphors are brave and brave. This is a gangster movie in Chile. The concepts of the family, without sex before marriage, etc., have been abolished, and instead, the harsh realities on the other side of the coin of Santiago are shown in their wild glory. Trejo brutally defeated Rios, Rios and Miranda lead love in the cinema room - a whore having sex with a minor who he hardly knows. We see that gringos have the financial power over this small Latin American nation, but not through copper mines, through an illegal drug route. Vaissbluth's triumph is in his presentation of this dark underworld. , which raises so many social issues, perhaps more than the record-breaking Seko Con Amora, in the smooth, smooth petard of the film, which firmly sets this film alongside Seko Con Amor, Taki Para Tres and El Chacotero Sentimental, as film evidence that Chile is good and genuine artistic alive and to expand in the post-transition period 15 years after the censorship of the military regime.
