The director / writer Andres Vaissbluth has been working seven years to complete this two-hour film about the underworld of crime in Santiago, Chile, and perhaps that's one of the reasons why the film that emerged is an episodic and needs to be edited. Or, maybe it's a technique of a director that shows the fine meaning of film noir storytelling. Two brothers - Silvio Elder (Nestor Cantillana) and Victor Younger (Juan Pablo Miranda) - moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of their parents, and Silvio worked on supporting Victor. On Victor's seventeenth birthday, Silvio takes her virgin to clubs encouraging Victor to lose her virginity to one of the stripper / prostitute clubs. On an unusual scene, Victor must face his nonviolence in emerging, while Silvio is at the club floor, impressing the 'owners' with his potential for hiring. The client and earns well to support Victor's education. But, Victor has eyes for one of the dancers at the Gracia Club (Antonella Rios) and starts hitting him, leaving school and provoking Silvi's angry disappointment. Gracia was accidentally squeezed by club leader Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo) who is Sylvia's boss! Gracia is a glue that holds this story together, because she is the lover of Victor, Silvia and Don Pascual, and the consequences of this bizarre regime, the trois, have lethal results. By way of telling the story again through the eyes of Victor, Silvia and Gracie, we understand the vulnerabilities and cracks in each character that allow the fall in results. Sounds like Chilean Pulp Fiction? Well, it's also being filmed in a brutally colorful, dark way that involves many frontal nudity (both female and male) and provocative sexual encounters. But in the end, the sensual aspect of the director's vision is what triggers this movie, playing on a debutante girl-bitch against a hardcore professional sex worker with success. The acting is quite strong, especially Antonella Rios in the demanding role of Gracie. There are enough turns and repetitions of incidents that you think you understand the first look, but it dramatically changes in the impact when it comes to the eyes of a different character. At the limit of two hours, some reasonable editing would help in the influence of the film. In Spanish with English subtitles. It is recommended for those who love the film style of the ostrich and the art of South American cinema. Builds Harp
