*** SPOJLERI *** From the first World War II films coming from Hollywood, and showing how the war hit that GI, or in this case the American Marines who fought in it. 21-year-old Al Shmid, John Garfield, has just begun to live with a well-paid job that earns some 40 dollars a week in a local steelwoman and girlfriend Rut Hartley, Elenore Parker, who wanted to marry when they The Japanese ruined everything for him, and millions of similar young Americans, attacking the American Pacific Fleet in Pearl Harbor. Acting as an American citizen, Al immediately joined the US Marine, hoping to return to the Japanese knowing, as it turned out, that Marines would be the first US combat units to shoot at them. /> Al finally got his chance when his unit, the 1st Marine Division, landed on August 7, 1942 at Guadalcanal in the distant Solomon Islands to hire the Japanese who were under control. During the Battle of the Ile Al River, almost one-handedly stopped the massive Japanese Banzai attack with its machine gun, a wave after a wave of suicide attacks by certain Japanese, until the help or reinforcement did not arrive. During a bloody battle, Al was shot in the face of a Japanese grenade that blinded him. Now in countries that are recovering in the maritime hospital Al faces something very difficult to overcome. They then fight against the battalion of the size of Japanese or German soldiers. He faces a future in which he will never again see and have to depend on others to take care of him, or for him! In the movie "Pride of the Sailors" Al Battle was far more difficult than the Japanese troops in Guadalcanal just to reconcile with his disability. Not wanting anyone, especially his girlfriend Ruth, that he was sorry Al is actually the one who is complaining about himself more than anyone else in the film. It is with the help of naval sisters Virginia Pfeiffer, Rosemary DeCamp and Ruth along with their US navy colleague Lee Diamond, Dane Clark, who ultimately gives Al courage to confront his blindness with the same power to confront the wave after the wave of Japanese troops in Gudalcanal . The courage that Al thought he had lost in that divine island in the South Pacific. Based on the true story of American sergeant Albert Schmid's "Pride of the Marines", he showed what we expected of tens of thousands of wounded US soldiers who returned from the war. We see that in many ways it was much more difficult for those struggling against the war to adapt to peace-time America when they left something, as in the case of Al-Schmid, in the battlefield. Al's battle with his personal demons was much more difficult than the Japanese to fight in that they were part of him and so they had to fight to overcome them and ultimately defeat. Despite the help he received from Virginia's sister and his girlfriend Ruth, as well as from his navy doctor - who has a striking resemblance to actor Gregory Peck - Al was still to overcome the fears he faced. The fears he and himself had to fight and overcome, as all of them said in the film, all alone.
