No one would argue that the 1945 war film was a masterpiece. (How would any war film from 1945 be a masterpiece?) And yet, this is an extremely effective story about the true story, about Al Shmidt, blinded to Guadalcanal, as played by John Garfield, who had been playing for days through the eyes to catch the nuances of the blind person's actions. Robert Leckie, in the movie "Helmet for my pillow", disparages Schmidt's popularity for the benefit of his buddy, who is killed, writing that "the country must have the necessary heroes". Well, I guess the country did it. And they had one here. There is a fighting scene in the studio-related studio that lasts only about ten minutes, and less than half of the film appears instead of being preserved for its climax, but it is the most horrifying and most realistic view of men. under the fire I remember seeing on the screen, including those in "Saving Private Rian". Men shout with fear, screaming at each other and on the enemy, bleeding and dying, without the help of color, stereophonic sound, ash or bone. Simple from the technological point of view, the film is outstanding. It's not just about finding out how complicated the .30 caliber caliber mechanism is, with a water-cooled Brovning machine gun, or that it has to be fired from just a few laps, or that it does not wobble like a fire. as in many other war films. Technical accuracy contributes to the quality of the riveting. The need to hold short bursts is horrifying when dozens of screaming enemies sweep over a stream of fifty feet away, with the sole aim of extinguishing you and your two isolated companions limited to a small rifle. The performances are solid, if not lock, including those of the ubiquitous support from the 1940s, John Riddle, and glittering, youthful Eleanor Parker. A loving story of framing is a spare, but it functions and in the end it is quite mobile. An incredible sequence of dreams is included. Not Bunuel, but for a routine 1945 film, he stands out as original and effective. Albert Maltz may have overwritten the script, or maybe someone else has changed it. She could have used that kind of pruning that could introduce some very ambiguous ambiguity. However, there are strange verbal punctuation that have a surprising influence on the viewer - "Why does God not strike me?" And, "In the eyes, Lee. Put them in the eyes!" The depth of anxiety in a few numb words. And the amazing amount of bitterness expressed by wounded veterans in the war film of 1945. Records that may seem fake to a contemporary viewer, but you may not need: a dated folk language that is hard to believe that many of today's children might think that he actually was ever talking - "private gab," "drugs", "drip", "gee," "you stupid fox," "lady", "silly guy" and "sorry." Let's look at the historical context and be kind in your courts. At that time, some of these stupid languages ​​were on the blade. Real weak points? Wounded veterans are gathering and fighting each other about how much a collective future they have, and the argument is simply solved by the conclusion on the model: "Just because you have a silver plate in the head does not mean that people will think you are a bad person. Sometimes there are voices and quiet prayers that are both unnecessary and completely non-immigrant. "Please, God, let him come back to me," and such things. Well, the filmmakers worked in the limits of their time. Perhaps this is why is the final fade on the footage of the Hall of Independence and the inspirational tension of America's Beautiful in None of this can overwhelm the virtues of the film, which are significant, especially the impact of this frightening battle scene, which is not often on television. If you have a chance, you must capture it.
