I did not see this film probably in 35 years, so when I recently noticed that it will be on television (cable) again for the first time in a very long time (not available on the video), I was convinced I did not miss it. And unlike many other films that seem to have lost their glow when they were finally viewed again, I saw that visual images from the "Pride of the Marines" were alive and effective as I remembered for the first time. What makes this movie so special? Everything. Based on the true story of Al Shmid and his colleague of the marine crew of a machine gun at the Battle of the Tenar River at Guadalcanal in November 1942, the script remains the 95% faithful book on which it was based, Al Shmid, Marine by Roger Butterfield, which changes only enough to meet time limitations in the film. "This is not a typical" war movie "in which the action is central, and the war scene is, in fact, a short 10 minutes in the middle of the film. But that's unforgettable 10 minutes, recorded at the lowest possible level a night battle would appear, and it was devoid of false heroism in a way, probably ahead of time, the natural drama of what happened there was more than enough to convey to the audience the sharp, ugly, brutal nature of the battle, and probably shocked the audience when it was seen immediately after the war. the film does not deal with the "celebration" of the war; I can not imagine anyone seeing this scene of battle and wanting to enroll in the service. In any case, not immediately. What this film really is worrying about is the consequences of the battle, and how the injured people can learn to reaffirm their lives. There is an excellent hospital scene in which about a dozen men are talking about this, and I feel that this is another reason why the film was so well received - it was extremely well written. There is a series of "dreams" in an inverse (negative) movie that looks almost experimental, and the acting is also strong, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and Schmid's were almost the same, and Garfield met with Schmid and even lived with him for some time to learn how much he could about man and his role. Actors do not work anymore, but they add equations, that's just another reason why this movie manages to tell such a difficult, unattractive story.
