John Thav, from inspector Morse, plays old Tom Oakley in this film. Tom lives in a small English village in 1939 and the beginning of the Second World War. A little lonely, Tom has not yet recovered from the death of his wife and son while serving during the First World War. If you can imagine the old Inspector Morse and pensioner, twice as a whistle like a policeman, then you have a character named Tom Oakley. However, this heart of the quartz will melt. London children were evacuated before the blitz. Young Williams (Villie) Beech was awarded with a protest Tom. Villa was well-played by Nick Robinson. This boy needs to be concerned with the main C. Along the school, she still moistens her bed and is not able to read the smallest of his problems. He comes from a terrible background in London, with a mother who can not be worn, to put it mildly. Slowly but steadily, the man and the boy are warming one after the other. Tom again reveals his ability to love and care. And the boy learns to accept that love and care. You see Tom and Will build a bomb shelter at the end of their garden. You see Villie's joy over what is probably his first birthday party Tom threw. You do not surrender to the end, but Villie has been adopted by Tom after many fighting, and the couple are starting a new life much richer. for their mutual love. In this film, Thav and Robinson follow a long line of films in which a man encounters a boy and develops a common love. Take a look at the late Racing Bogarde and Jon Vhitelei at the Spanish Gardener. Or Clark Gable and Carlo Angeletti in "It Started in Naples". Or Robert Ulrich and Kenny Vadas in "Captains of the brave." Or Mel Gibson and Nick Stahl in the film "A Man Without a Face". Two points of interest. This is the only phenomenon of Thava I know where it sings. Just a verse of the anthem, New Jerusalem, but he sings. Second, young Robinson also acted in another movie with Tom in the title of Tom's Midnight Garden, which is based on it. on the classic children's novel.
