In the field of film based on scenarios from another area (or whatever the title for the Oscars), Holes has credibility. I think it is better for the author to make a script because the author is the creator of the material. If the author can not write a script to save his life, then the author and someone who is talented in the field of script writing creates it. In addition, this review is about "holes". Reasons begin here and the spoiler may be inside it. (1) Louis Sachar is an excellent author and it turns out that he can write a script. I watched the movie, and then I read the book and both of them did not dull a dishonor or stupidity. Some people have natural talents that can overcome the media. (2) The best performance award is given to Shia LaBeouf for his portrayal as the protagonist. He "dig" into the role. I wanted to see his character before the conclusion. (3) To raise the suspension a little, Andrew Davis was brought. This is the man who forced Harrison Ford to run and run fast. Also, he can force Steven Seagal to break some heads. Regarding this film, he instructed Shi and other guys to dig some holes. In other words, he can make a action film and do it well even if "action" is not the main genre is not "action". (4) My second favorite performance goes to Jonu Voight as Sir Sir. Sometimes a stupid role is cast out by the best performer. When Voight pronounced the line "Once Upon a Time ...", I had to laugh half an hour because it was so funny. He is capable of comedy and needs to explore several other roles that allow him to exploit that talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid whenever a solid script is given to him. This is probably the second best role I've seen (only "O brother, where are you?"). (6) I like the choice of movie settings. I did not know that California was dry or that bad. I suppose that the number of inhabitants and land surface can be misleading. (7) The overall appearance of the film made me want to get another bottle of water. One could only imagine digging a hole in that reef area for half a day. (8) The rest of the actors should also deserve a box of Kudos bars. Sigournei Veaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the accounts were eavesdropped because of their talents and were very keen. Excellent acting even though it was near the ensemble. (9) I love a movie that does not explain anything right away. When Stanley entered the head with these baseball chips, I wanted to see how strange things could happen and that's the key ingredient in making a good movie. (10) Disnei Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) should make a few more of these mature juvenile films. He was delicious for me and I'm a student. The last mature underage Disney movie I saw was "Something evil in this way is coming" and "holes" might overcome it (like the 2000 elections, I still can not call it). Disney can make a size if he decides to expand this genre and keep in mind the craving of the cow's husband when he sees it. Ten reasons give a score of ten! All in all, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney movies and probably one of the best this year (awarded to this movie may not be an Oscar, but whoever said Oscar material is the best material?). As for the film from the book I read, this is behind the "Club of Fighters" on my list (which is at the top). For the film I saw in 2003, this is in the first five (somewhere behind "Mistic River"). Compared with Harry Potter, Stanley Ielnats easily takes Harry's head shovel and brings a final blow to the deadly tennis player Potter's nose. Everyone should see this film because it informs and entertains. This is where my speech ends!
