And I'm serious! Indeed one of the most beautiful films I've ever had to watch. What is so wonderful is that very rarely a good book turns into a movie that is not only good, but if possible even better than the novel on which it is based. Maybe in the case of "Lord of the Rings" and "Trainspotting," but that's a rare occurrence. But I think that the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the very beginning helped the masses, so that the film is kept close to the story, but it takes even further. This movie has many elements that make it as it is: 1. A unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a ripe edge. 2. Great actors. Adults and children alike, these actors know how to make the story alive and fill their lines with enthusiasm and style without exaggerating, as sometimes happens with movies for children. 3. Nature that takes away breath. And it does not matter whether it's real or CGI, the item itself is a masterpiece. Especially I like the picture of a hole in the bird's eye view. 4. A talented director who breathes life into a book and turns it into a technicolor genius. Transitions in time function well and capture a constant climax from the book, leading to a movie during a movie. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who made me read the book from the beginning to the end, so I could not drop it. He makes sure the script is held for the book, with new bits added to make it even better. 6. Speaking of the script! One-liners in this are smart, fun and unpatriotic. But there are also parts that will make you laugh, make you cry, and pull your hearts to more and more like this story. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There is no song in this film that I did not fall on, and this is something given that I need to be a punk rocker. The songs connect the story well and add extra jazz to the overall style of the film. If you want to buy a movie, I recommend that you buy a soundtrack, especially for "If Onli", which moves around the story and contains a chorus from the book. I do not work for people who made Holes, by the way, I'm just a fan, I'm joining my favorite movie and giving him the review he deserves. If you have not seen him, do it. Now. This moment. Go!
