Holes are a story of the past and the way in which it affects the present lives of at least three people. One of them will be appointed, the other two are mysteries, and so will remain. Holes is the story of Stanley Ielnats IV. He's no luck in life. The unfortunate ones are actually characterized by the fate of most deer men and from the explosions of Stanley IV there was no 'good dirty-defective pig-theft-pra-pra-grandfather'. These special moves cursed family men for many criminals. Precisely in such a turn we meet Stanley IV. It is falsely accused of having a famous baseball player steal a pair of baseball shoe freshly given to the auction for the homeless. He got a prison option, or he can go to a character building camp. "I've never been to camp before," says Stanley. This is what the judge sends him enthusiastically to Camp Green Lake. Camping Green Lake is a strange place with a strange philosophy, "If you take a bad boy, make him dig a hole every day in the hot sun, turn it into a good boy. We learn this little pearl of wisdom from the gentleman Sir (John Voight), one of the "advisers" at the campsite, we immediately get the impression that he is a dangerous person. "He at least honestly carries his point, he does not think he is good." Camp Advisor, Tim Blake Nelson, is completely different He is part of a caring advisor, but he is quick, faster than anyone else in the authority to release the strongest is not a verbal barbarian by his accusations, but the administrator has a decisive ability to commit evil, but in addition, it is a mystery .The three are ruled by the Green Lake camp, a place that does not have a lake, a dry, dusty desert filled with holes, five feet deep and five meters wide Its local fauna, it seems, is just a leafhopper, and dangerous poisonous yellow-spotted lizards. It seems that the Green Lake, in many ways, is a foul place. Holes work despite the strange environment and the strange story because he understands people. Specifically because it is sincere in the way it deals with prisoners of the Green Lake Camp. The film captures the perfect way boys interact with each other. It captures the way boys can mutually abuse each other, the way they can gain admiration, the way they are fighting each other and the way boys combine along the age line. This well-tinted core makes everything else in the movie convincing. What also refreshes this movie is the good nature of its protagonist. He does not believe in a family curse, he is not bitter about the infamous endeavor of his "non-dirty-broken-thief of the piggy-pra-grandfather." In fact, he likes to hear the story. Stanley IV is not bitter for the past, and he decided not to let it reflect on him in a way that affected his father and grandfather. In the film, sometimes there is a lot of sadness, but not much nonsense. And it's refreshing. Openings are an intelligent, discerning and funny family movie. Fun, not in a cheap way. It's not a comedy, even though it has its own laughter. She dares to be tempting, where many family movies tend to play safely and conventionally. As such, it transcends family film genres and simply becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I'm giving him 10.
