Gruveiman2 (Comment below) You are a complete idiot ... blinded by the ignorance of the city to which you have loyalty. His arrogant arrogance, which you ironically claim to make a movie out of SF, makes you look like a typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you thought the film so congratulated on the SF is that you are jealous. Of course you do not know, because you are LA. First, the film was completely cinematic about the beautiful city; what was recorded there and what was recorded by some of his famous locales. Do not say anything bad about LA; and these executed directors choose to live in a beautiful city above LA. They admit that they went to a film school in LA and are obviously proud of that fact. They acknowledge that SF is close to LA, which is beneficial. The only negative thing that is said to refer to Los Angeles, was the study directors. The same studio executives who hated these films when they first saw them, but then those same movies were still huge world films. Why not then have an animosity to the studio and the study system? These are the only people who are trying to "detach" for good reasons! Do not be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is "the so-called" director of San Francisco? How should he not be considered? And who directed Kum? Coppola is. His vision told the story on the screen and won the best picture award. What gave him a job? He acknowledges this in the documentary that he did not even want to do a movie ... so what's your point? And what if Sofia wants to live in LA? And it proves your attitude how? And tell me they are not really independent when they finance a lot of their films. Movies that are now considered a classic. And, when they filmed films from studio studies, one, it was LA who came to them and said that we wanted to make these pictures and two, they used the money they made from these paintings to fund their own. They said that in the movie. "Your coward and complacent whimpering would take more self-esteem and credibility if you never walk on the ground and so claim that you are superior to this movie." How, hell, "bitch" and "self-congratulation" suddenly have the "air" of self-esteem and trust ... if you never go to LA again? What a stupid and nonsensical comment! You put in some great words ... and you just do not know how to use them! And, by the way, they never claimed or implied that they were superior to LA! So what if they give a guy from a New York prize in Los Angeles ... again what's your point? So if they go to LA or New York, are they hypocritical simply choosing to live in SF? Does not make sense. San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and the people who make it today. This film focuses on one aspect of ... film. For you to take the time and type such nasty comments about the city (not a movie! But the city and its people) just prove what the North Californians hate me of LA people! THIS IS A LARGE DOCUMENTARY ... VERY INTERESTING, IF YOU'RE SPECIALLY BECAUSE OF BAIA ... OR RECOMMENDING ALL.
