A TRAVELING CAMERA ON ME is a deceptively sweet movie. It is actually a complex view of the psychology of children and offers interesting insights into the development of adults and artists. On the surface, this is a nostalgic look at some of the home movies made by a group of children from the neighborhood of higher classes in the 1980s. One of the film directors, Darren Stein, had access to the video camera and quickly assumed the role of the artistic leader of all the films. Of course, these are just some sweet kids who are having fun. But this is also much more. This is a glimpse at some moments while children are struggling with a number of confusing problems that we all face in life-fear, sexual awakening, unrequited love, loneliness, and just an attempt to understand the world of adults who seem to explode all around our. As we become older, we forget that life's realities were when we were little. What makes this movie even more important is to watch young Darren Stein turn into a little general director. It is clear that Darren is leading this show and these small films are his vision, but they are all informed by his friends, their problems, interpersonal dynamics and general confusion regarding the horror of adult life. Many children make home movies, but I have never heard or seen that children create "small" movies about holocaust, homosexuality, nuclear war, and the inability to fit in and create friends. These kids are facing some tough things! The power of this movie is the way Stein and Shell draw together different scenes together with interviews with children --- now all adults and everyone are still friends. This adds a new angle to the movie. How many of us have stayed in touch with your childhood friends? These guys have it. And many of the issues they deal with continue to last between them two decades later. Among conflicts - a confession of love reveals a heart that is still broken, and a very normal sexual experience from childhood is still a "sticky" topic between two men, some constant anger over the dynamics of relationship, and there is still a member this team that remains very responsible and at the center of attention! It makes sense because it looks like these home movies are progressing over the years. Darren Stein is the director. No doubt about that. Stein and Shell are exchanging, from time to time talking to each other and you can not imagine the clutter to let us look into the young lives of these people. This particularly applies to Stein who has achieved great success in the entertainment industry as a film producer, writer and director. From the first moment PUT THE CAMERA ON ME, we see the appearance of a gay boy who tries to understand everything. We see both sides of the artistic mind and personality that are not always "beautiful" or "caring" - and this is a brave move by every artist to share with the audience. There are many instances of discovery, but the most engaging and more complex moments include a film in which we see a victim of a concentrated Jewish detachment that the Nazis tortured and killed. In interviews and narratives, we discover that the Nazis play a Jewish child, and a part of the victim plays an insignificant child. It is a painfully disturbing moment that casts a glance on the darker side of fear and the way in which children work through the horror of the adult world that are far from understanding adults much less than a child. This is much more than some home movies. This documentary shows pain, beauty, joy and sorrow of growing up. Powerful things --- and worth seeing! <br /> <br />
