God! Zorro was the subject of so many films as Tarzan, and he probably had so many actors in the title role. This serial is one of my personal favorites, and as mentioned above, it's one of the Top 5 Sound Series. It's strange that this is one production that came out of that water from 1939. * At the time of this production '39. Zorro was widely known as a literary and film character. The film opens with a small note about the history of the struggle of Mexico for freedom from the rule of the European Monarchy, namely in Spain. The story calls for comparison with the American Revolutionary War. The story focuses its attention on the mythical province of San Mendelito and its "advice". He is dealing with Benito Juarez ** in relation to their gold mine compared to the new Mexico. Shipments of gold must arrive in Mecca Citi. Uncle Don Francisco in Diego Vega, says he has organized a group of patriots to act as a protective force for golden convoys. The Oro of the Mafia puts 'insulting' on himself and challenges Don Francisco in a sword match, while Don Frasncisco breaks through them. Z 'on the face of a villain, he sends it in the following way. Don Francisco, with his dying breath, tells his department Ramon (Villiam Corson) that Zorro is his nephew from the city of Los Angeles. He is also trying to tell the real identity of Don del Oro, but he points out before he ends the statement. There is a great reception for Diego in Hacienda Don Francisco, where Diego disappoints the Ramon's sister (also the Don Francisco Donald) with his scary act. "FOP !!", she declares. Later, Diego and Ramon escaped to join a volunteer meeting. When asked, "who will lead us while Don Francisco is now dead?" Ramon declares, "Zorro, we are Zorro's fighting legions!" There is a great battle with Legion, now all dressed in gray, with masks and gowns, protecting the golden train. Then Zorro appears trapped in a avalanche made by a man and designed for a convoy, when, well, you know, end up with a head in the first chapter. Wow! That was a lot of writing for one chapter, but like most other series, the opening is longer and there is plenty of room for setting the story. Let's just say that there are 11 good, well-developed action chapters that follow. ZORRO's combat legion has all the elements that are made for superior action. We have an unknown evil leader who incites troubles between different groups. There are a large number of suspects who were really behind the mask of 'Don del Oro'. We had soldiers, fugitives, enemy Indians and Legion. In short, it can be said that there is everything that you might want, and then something, in this series. And, by the way, they wisely choose that actors do not affect Mexican accents. What makes it different or unique? Well ........ <br /> <br /> First of all, he has a much more elaborate and exciting music that underlines drama and action on the screen. The theme of the opening even appears in the performance of the flamenco guitar in Cantina in the first chapter. This is probably the only time that such a highly specialized innovation appears in the serial sound record. Still, there is another feature that really sets the leg of the fighting leg in front of everyone else. That is, the film not only has a heroic music theme, but also sports songs, that legionaries sing! We hear them singing in introductory enclosures and in several chapters! It really works well and contributes to the feelings we gain from watching. When the series was first shown on our local television (around 1955), all gang immediately recognized the voice of Reed Hadley as belonging to Captain Braddock from RACKET SKUAD, a TV series. Mr. Hadley had a very recognizable, deep voice. His costume and especially elongated mask looked very good and probably very functional. There is a small slider. Some sort of minor anachronism is created by the fact that Benito Juarez (Carleton Ioung) addresses the Council of San Mendelito, because Juarez was about 18 years old at the time (1824) and although he was perhaps the largest single figure in Mexican history, he did not achieve such prominence . His inclusion in the story was to cash in the release of the film Varner Brothers JUAREZ that year, featuring Paul Muni as the main actor. This is not only my choice as the top 5 soundtrack, but also my favorite Zorro movie. * We recall a number of top flight films that year, what with GONE VITH THE VIND, MR.SMITH GOES IN VASHINGTON, CITADEL, JUAREZ, Wizard of Oz, mice and men, one million BC, ZENOBY, WE WANT TO OUR MUMY, all of this is among the results of that year. \ T 1850, about 25 years later. Also, political divisions are referred to as "provinces" in the story. In reality, they are called "States". Just as the United States calls us, also, south of the border, is called its Repubhlic United States of Mexico. *** Reed Hadlei was featured on some very "A" pictures. in which his rich toned voice is exploited well. Look and listen to his narration in HOUSE ON 92 STREETS (1945) and GUADALCANAL DNEVNIK (1945).
