As serial publications, "Zorro's Fighting Legion" is one of the best serial shows of the 1930s. Built in the period when the studios could still deal with a large acting theater, this action has a wall-to-wall action through its 12 chapters. ) tries to put a new country on a solid financial basis. To this end, he arranged for rich gold items to be sent to the capital from the local San Mendolite mine. the god of gold shielded, who, with the help of the local tribe, Ikui hopes to become the ruler of Mexico. In contrast, Don Francisco (Gui D'Enneri), who forms the legion of the local population to help Juarez. When Don Franciso is killed by Don-del-Oro's people, a stranger, fox Don Diego (Reed Hadlei) arrives in the city. Diego aka Zorro takes over the legion with the help of his friends Ramona (Villiam Corson) and Juana (Budd Buster). The symbolic heroine is Ramona's sister Volita (Sheila D'Arci). Both Diego and Ramon have seats in the local government. Soon it becomes clear that some of the other members of the Council are in alliance with Don-del-Oro. First, the chairman of the Council (Leander de Cordova), the head of the police, Manuel (John Merton), Supreme Court of Justice (C. Montague Shav) and Gonzolez (Edmund Cobb). Zorro doubts that one of these people is Don-del-Oro, but who? What follows is a few escapades of Zorro and his confederations from the follower of Don-del-Oro. We have an ubiquitous collapsing bridge, a deep sink between two cliffs over which Zorro can only jump to safety, and a common assortment of explosions, fires and trainers and cars that break down or cross over the cliff. Caps from here to the fine representative stunt team led by the legendary Iacima Canutt and Irigoiens, Bill and Joe. Canutt performs his signature, jumping on those fledgling horses, and then falls under the coach who repeated in other films, including John Ford's "Stagecoach" the same year. In any case, Zorro finally discovers the false god Don-del-Oro and returns peace to the valley before going to the sunset in chapter 12. and if you look carefully, you can spot the bits of future serial stars and Lone Ranger Claiton Moore and Canutta Stunts in bits. "Big" Jim Pierce by the way, is best remembered for playing Tarzan in 1927 in "Tarzan and Golden Lioma" (1927) and for marriage to Joan Burroughs, daughter of Tarzan, creator Edgar Rice Burroughs. <br /> <br Thoroughly enjoyable.
