The trick in creating a good, solid story about a mysterious topic is the question of creating time, as well as complications, colorful characters or amazing plants. Anyone who has ever been frustrated by the incomplete weekly crossword of the New York Times knows that any puzzle that takes too long to resolve is no longer fun. The best mysteries of murder, whether on the film or in the press, are petty jobs that go over to the thing, pronounce their traces, setting up their suspicions and, hopefully, deceiving us with a few surprises; complicated without undue confusion. And they play fair; on the second, third and fourth display of the traces and red herring we should be equally pleased to admire how this all converts, because we were surprised in the first place. Indeed, good trillers should be better on repeated views while we expect double and triple crosses. The comedy-thriller Sidney Lumet DEATHTRAP, as derived from Hitler's play Ira Levin, is an excellent example. She moves through a clean piston, skillfully juggling her tracks, as she (almost) is completely honest with us (even when she lies to us), yet not revealing where she is going (even when she tells us where she could go). It's a minor film about the mystery of murder in traditional wings, but a film about the mysteries of murder, derived from the notion of writing. Instead of going backwards - murder, and then investigating to explain why everything happened - DEATHTRAP guides us through crime (s) step by step, leaving enough room for unexpected; as advertisements state that there is less "child" than "who". DEATHTRAP is often compared (unsatisfying, unusual enough) with the play and movie versions of SLEUTH, although in reality it has much more in common with SCREAM, a self-mocking essay on juvenile horror flicks. Like this clever film, DEATHTRAP itself (thriller thriller), sets the parameters ("one set, five characters") and continues to deconstruct its genre revealing itself as "the most unusual and unusual set of circumstances amusing enough to persuade the audience to suspend unbelief. "DEATHTRAP bravely gives us a mystery with only five main characters, two of which are of minor importance. Henry Jones as a cunning lawyer is mostly available for exhibiting (and to give us his preference for the charm of people), and Irena Vort is all strange and comical relief as a psychic-kum-sleuth acting as a nominative detective. This leaves three main characters to be the killer (s) and / or victim (s): This is proof that Michael Caine is able, like Sidney Bruhl, the author of mysterious games, to create a character that we basically love and believe, even when We recognize that almost everything he says is a lie. As he admires her, if she is slightly disturbed by her husband, Mira, Dian Canon flirts with superiors by driving a slide with performance with a figure that seems to be brittle or stingy, crafty or hysterical, cowardly or courageous and uncompromisingly in love with Sydney less than a return . The third corner of this unexpected triangle is a young playwright named Clifford Anderson who played Christopher Riv in such a way that we have never been able to figure out who his character is: the enthusiastic preppie writer, a half-innocent victim or a cunningly charming sociopath. While different characters play one around the other, the cleverly hidden script adapted by Asa's writer Jae Presson Allen manages to be consistently fun, even when he builds uncertainty. Even after the final turn (improvement in relation to the final of the performance), it may not be quite clear who manipulated who to do what. Lumet is by no means a master of comedy, so he allows his capable actors to rule freely to delineate the characters and they all give a sharp, theatrical, but subtle work, with Riva, which is particularly worth the attention. But what Lumet does so well is that he works skillfully in tight spaces. While brilliantly working in the 12 ANGRY MEN, he plays one game, and with minimal opening, he succeeds in making what could have been cramped, stiff and staggeringly looking endlessly photogenic and spacious. The environment, the homeland transformed from the old windmill, is relatively small, but as it was designed by Tony Valton, it manages to be both comfortable and charming, as well as spooky and subdual. So it's really hard to say where the studio is set up and the real country house crosses the boundaries to make a certain set to the sixth character. And as a crime scene, it's really attractive deathtrap.
