FULL OF SPOILERS. This is a fairly quick and pleasant crime thriller based on Ira Levin's drama about two gay dramatists (Caine and Reeve) who captured the murder of one's wealthy wife (Cannon) to get property and insurance. The plot succeeds, but Christopher Riv, as a younger and less respectable writer, decides to perform a notion of actual murder - with only minor changes in detail. Reeve allows Easthampton, Long Island, to become Southampton, Long Island, in the script, for example. The rest of the plot of the show is a dead present and tell the truth that Riv is not distracted by a little gossip or even an investigation into Cannon's seemingly accidental death. This will increase revenue and your Varhol coefficient. Michael Caine is Sidney Bruhl, a megaphone-producing dramaturg and whose last four performances are bombarded and that do not want anything more than quietly returning to work on a new show, perhaps with Reeve's entrance, which would buy his reputation. He can not allow Reeve's scandalous pay-a-clef to be produced. So what else? - He's trying to kill him. In the end, they are being killed, the handwriting was appropriated by their neighbor, psychic Helga Tensdoorp, and she makes a million dollars to sell it to Broadway. It's a lot of fun for a number of reasons. One is a production design. This multi-storey, multi-story house with a large windmill on top, located on nine of what must be the most valuable hectare on earth (Easthampton!), It would be a wonderful set of digging anywhere. You could not afford a tent in Easthamptom. The house is not overly large or baroque in its arrangement. It's just gloriously modest, although it's a little tasty for my tastes, a type of home that's so clean that you're scared to step on a thick carpet for the fear of not leaving your footprint. Nect, the action can hardly be improved. Caine, Cannon and Fred Jones are great. Dian Cannon gives a perfect performance as a worried woman whose trousers are so tight they look as if they were sprayed, which is fine with regard to her property. Even Riv, whose talent was limited, seems to find a comfortable niche in his role as a kind but psychopathic killer. Irene Vorth, as a psychic neighbor Helga, was somehow difficult to define, a mistake. It is permitted - or someone like her - necessary for the plot, but, my God, what an insulting snout of her character is going, going around and claiming, "I feel the pain in the zis!" I suppose she would make her a little more interesting, she got into sweating and a dumb hat with reflectors on a bicycle. However, it is an impediment from the beginning to the end. You need to love the puppy's dialogue, Ira Levin. Anxious Caine begs Reeve to tell him why he wrote the gig. "Because it's there, Sidney!" Riv said, and Kane shouted, "These are mountains, not gamers! The game is not there until a hole is written!" Caine's call is also great to the police after his wife died of fear, as planned. He intertwines in the torment of the scourge, he is barely able to speak, as he reports the incident, and begs him to send immediate relief. When he drops the phone, his face takes on the usual calm expression, strikes his nose in his handkerchief and leaves, all over again. Peak, though appropriately ironic, confusing and noisy and full of craftiness, which lacks the evil charm that Levin and Lumet brought to earlier scenes. The score is mainly composed of careless riffs on the harpsichord, neatly fitted into the film. You will probably enjoy it.
