Every time you think you have lunch at Deathtrap, there is another complication. It's best to sit and enjoy your ride. Most notorious for his kiss on the screen between Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve (which, unfortunately cut out of the television version I have seen), this film has a lot more to recommend. Sidney Bruhl (Michael Caine)) is a very unhappy man. Once a successful drama writer, the last few shows on Broadway have failed. And while his wife, Mira (Dian Cannon), is nothing more than supportive, both in monetary and emotional terms, that makes Sidnei feel better. To add insult to injury, a young drama writer, Clifford Anderson (Christopher Riv), just sent Sidney to look at the show. It's Anderson's first, and Sidney can see that the young man is a talented writer. He was joking about his wife that he should invite Anderson, kill him and submit the show as his own. She laughs at first with him, but when Sidney really invites Anderson to dinner, she worries that she can really put her scheme into action. And her fears can be justified ... It's a great scenario. Through the plot they turn around and turn around, and they are getting closer and more frenzied. It's the kind of movie that's on the edge of your seat from the beginning, and it keeps you there all the time. An absolute masterpiece of uncertainty and mystery. The performance is excellent. Caine gives his usual excellent performance, and he shows the ability to play cultivated, sophisticated and intellectual men. Riv also gives an excellent view of a man who is not nearly as wide open or innocent as it seems. Cannon's frenzy works well for Mir. And Irene Vorth gives a beautiful performance as a curious neighbor who is also a psychic. This is a finishing film that you would never expect, and repeated viewing helps to capture things that have missed earlier reviews. An unknown classic, which, unfortunately, is remembered only for a scene that at the time has stirred up some sensibilities - and that's a real shame.
