Comparing with Sleuth, an earlier stage movie, it's obvious that when I first watched, I thought Sleuth was better, but Deathtrap has, at least for me, much more repetition than Sleuth. > I bought Deathrap in a cheap bang in Val-Mart, thinking that Caine and the underrated Reeve worth $ 6. It was one of the best DVDs I could pick up. It is one of those best kept secrets that movie lovers always delight in. And it's completely worth repeating reviews. Although Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine turned to the bravest performances in Sleuth, I was twice impressed by Christopher Reeve as Clifford Anderson. Riv, rightly associated with his now-legendary depiction of Superman, stole the show in what Oscara should have done is a decent performance. I always felt that Reeve was an actor who did not have the chance to shine outside Superman movies and a few other floppy but entertaining films like sometime in time, but this film shows that his potential really was I used and used, thank God. I absolutely enjoyed the performance of Michael Caine. He was stupid, delicately manipulative and sadistic. And seeing him working with Reeve and Dian Cannon was an absolute pleasure. In fact, thanks to this film, I entered the "Michael Caine" phase and began to rent as many of my stuff as possible to human beings. As far as Deathtrap is concerned, there is a sufficiently juicy dialogue to fill in "memorable quotes." (Unfortunately, a large part of the dialogue would in itself spoil the immensely fun action). It's really, really hard to talk about a movie, not to ruin the important plots that are endlessly more fun to discover on their own. Needless to say, this is mandatory. But for me, it was the biggest and most cost-effective purchase all the time. Repeat review is required. It deserves to sit next to Sleuth on your DVD shelf. I'll leave you with this beautifully written quote from the film: "I wonder if I could be ... well ... just a little bit that took me to get into such a risky and exciting cooperation ... where I can count on any moral obligation ... ... in general. "
