One of the greatest classical classic b-and-film producers Roger Corman was the Ramones car (originally set for Cheap Trick), Rock N 'Roll High School. It's just a simple, technically dated story (but it would serve additional doses of nostalgic humor given that these were the things that entertained Napoleon's dynamic characters - see Eaglebauer Van) about teenagers who like rock n 'roll. Students at Vince Lombardy College meet with the resistance of the evil director, Miss Evelyn Togar (played by the classic classic favorite, Mari Voronov) who fears that Rock N 'Roll will turn children into uncontrolled, amorous deviations and promises in a zone without a roll. Actually, she intends to delete Rock N 'Roll for all students, regardless of whether she is in school, and she has cooperation with most adults who could make the plan successful. But not if Riff Randell (PJ Soles) can help. Ramones Fanatic, she has written some songs (including Rock N 'Roll High School) that she wants Ramones to try to do, by Miss Togar, who does everything she can to stop seeing Ramones' gigs in the city. It culminates in the ultimate revolt between obsolete adult entertainers and teenagers (in the ending that reminds something of Over the Edge, a bit). After years of punk, when the fame of garage rockers, The Ramones (and others) marked another shift in the evolution of music, it was great to see a movie that celebrated the fun of all this and in such a witty, excessive way. It is mainly a mild comedy, but a great comedy for a good feeling, although you are in a mood for something more relaxed and fun. Jerry Zucker (from Airplane fame) and Joe Dante (from Gremlins fame) who took part in one of the directors, you can get an idea of ​​what kind of humor you are (not to mention, expecting to see Dick) Miller, at least a few minutes in the final movie. The story must later be inspired (and consequently updated) by a mid-90s comedy, Detroit Rock Citi, which changes in the character of the old glam rocker, Kizz. I would recommend transferring the Corei Feldman vehicle, Rock N 'Roll High School forever, published nearly a decade later. The original is still the best.
