As I previously saw the shortened impression introduced by David Scheepard, I finally got a complete or near complete version, which was about 56 minutes compared to a 30-minute version that was distributed widely. Shepard print for Image Entertainment is surely of top quality, and the best parts are there, but it's good to see the rest of the movie and fill some stories. In Shepard print, the film concludes with Maria saying: "See, I changed my mind - I'll never go home." Still, in full version, Marie and Kenneth Driscoll break off their relationship shortly after this scene ?? Mary returns home to earth? and Driscoll replayed his relationship with Vivian. This additional video is being developed by Vivian, which had little relevance in the Shepard version. Moreover, in a complete version, the film begins with a rural estate in New Jersey with Maria, where she reads the imagination of her ideal lover. She is disappointed with the reality of the advancement of Johnny Applebloom's "boyfriend" farm (the figure is completely absent from the Shepard version), but after her affair with Driscoll, she returns to the land, so she may eventually turn into a peasant woman. Regardless of the press, 'A Girl's Folly' is a good small movie for 1917, made by one of Maurice Tourneur's top executives in the 1910s. In it, Tourneur takes a lot of blows in his own work, including playing the caricature of himself - the director of the film-in-film. The two leading competitions also give high-quality performances to the early standard for acting: Robert Varvick, starring starring in the skirts, and Doris Kenion, who strives to play on the screen. Self-referenced films, which made the movie as a film focus, have not been anything new so far. Mack Sennett had already parodied this type of film with 'Mabel's Dramatic Career' three years earlier. However, there are several aspects of this. Frances Marion's films are funny, including illustrations by actors on a chessboard with a hand that directs them - especially for 1917. I particularly liked the final titles in the movie where two observers noticed the happy end of the film: "Gee, but it's not a romantic!" And, the other responds, "Romance, nuthin!" It's a motion picture! " A similar female screenwriter, Anita Loos, made a similar self-referential conclusion for the 1917 film Vild and Voolley. Both writers helped to change the role of their professions in business and art. Some photos of Tourneur and John van den Broeck are good, especially when it comes to film business. The use of mirrors in several scenes is a nice boost to the self-reflexivity of the film. In addition, editing is exceptional. Fast cropping during the studio scenarios is particularly prominent; it serves to emphasize the hurried pace in which the leaders work, especially then.
