The film is available from David Shepard and China in the movie Before Hollivood There Fort Fort, NJ, although it is a short version with only "movie sections behind the scenes". I'm not sure if Blackhavk Films only had a movie. The original version of Blackhavk was renamed to Movie Romance, and the whole feature survives, but the preprint for this version had a degradation of the nitrate and a few sections looked bad, so perhaps the version Blackhavka decorated. His direction is Maurice Tourneur, and on it Tourneur, or, probably, the caricature of himself appears. Mary (Doris Kenion) craves for a romantic man who will break her legs, and she dreams of a tramp that will suck her up, but she is interrupted by the only available boy, Johnny Applebloom. Meanwill, a film company from Nev Iork (actually Nev Jersey) shoots western in the countryside. Mary sees the Indians (in full head) and raises an alarm - spoiling the scene the movie company makes. She is immediately attracted to the summer movie star Kenneth Driscoll (Robert Varvick). She is encouraged to leave her home and try to become an actress in a big city. When she arrives in the studio, she discovers that everything about the movies is fake. Doors and walls are only apartments that are quickly assembled for a set. This slim stroke of the western hero or the happy jumping of a heroine also behaves. The sets are located on a large rotating scene, so that the angle of the sun can even be manipulated. The black companion in the studio signs all "autographed" photographs of film stars. The signs on the wall say "No smoking is positive", but everybody smokes. Even the title of the film (which is well illustrated) emphasize all the fake about the life that creates the film. Film star Driscoll is equally disappointed with the ho-hum of everyday film making. He is temporarily separated from girlfriend Vivian (June Elvidge) to continue with this "exciting" girl from the country. His plans are broken when Mary's screen test is smelly. We do not see the actual movie, but only the painful reactions of the audience to it. Maria is devastated, but she does not want everyone to admit that she is a failure, so she continues to watch Driscoll, and we are lunching together with him in a cafeteria in the studio along with other accessories dressed as policemen, soldiers, cowboys, etc. Mary decides to stay with Driscoll. At a party with her filmmakers, she agrees to marry him, although there is not much love between them. Surprisingly, her mother appears, with a cake especially for Mary's birthday. This causes Maria to reassess her future. This film has all kinds of fascinating studio scenes, movie sets, dressing rooms, editing rooms, etc. If you have always wondered what is happening behind the scene when a silent movie is made, this film is looking behind the curtain.
