Riff Randell is a wild, obsessed fan group; Ramones and most students at school. But the new tyrant director, Ms. Togar thinks rock 'n' roll has a bad influence on students, especially the music from The Ramones. So, when Riff finds out in town, she jumps over for a few days to buy tickets for herself and her friends. But when Ms. Togar discovered why she really took those days off, she confiscated the tickets. While this happens, Tom Roberts is totally in love with Rifa, but Rif's friend Kate Rambo feels the same as Tom. But Riff has eyes set only on singer Joe Ramone and we hope that he will come to that concert to make them play her song. Fun! Fun! Fun! Iep, that's the real 'Rock n Roll High School' do not go away from her main focus ?? noisy, daggi romp! That's not what I expected, that's for sure. Everyone involved in this damn project looks like they are having a good time and that relaxing nature is shown on the energy screen that provides such a glowing spirit that makes it an invaluable experience. That does not mean that I think his art and plot is just as absurd. But looking at this passionate, crazy ride that escalated into some good, harmless, high inconvenience, I just could not wipe the smile from my face. It's sticky, very sour, densely chaotic, but damn funky-come! This low-budget, b-grade from producer Roger Corman and John Dante who was a co-writer (and plus co-directed some scenes when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized on the last day of the recording). Basically, the magnificent hommage on the rocking of the 1950s, clinging to the fertile clichés and throwing a gulag of teenage bunt marks over the generational gap between them and adults (who always know best). These properties may not be particularly fresh, but they are attractive for dynamic treatment. The movie has only one thing in mind, to go out on the bang! And they manage to do it. The kindness of 'The Ramones', who play themselves. Indeed, you can say one great trendy video clip, since it's all about Ramones ?? Well, most of that anyway. I see a lot of flashes for Ramones's acting ability. These are musicians, not actors, which means that it's not about their acting, but about the music that we should dig. They're here to perform! What, they deliver in that front with some shots that messed up the film to create a completely optimistic vibration. Especially, their luminous concert performances. The soundtrack also featured some of the killer tunes of some other performers such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetvood Mack, Eddie and Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jumping tracks fit well with a carefree feeling, and even the result was pretty good. Especially in scenes involving Ms. Togar with a result that captures the right mood that surrounds her mind. The playful mood of the movie is quite similar to running a slide with such a vivid pace between electrifying melodies and comic segments, from scattered slapstick routines to sometimes smart dialogues. I was thrown to a great extent by the variety of light and heavy edges, which I found to be very pleasant and gave her such a wide range of expression. What else gave the film additional impetus, it had to be a divine PJ Soles (better known for its performance at The Night of Witches), who gave such a playful performance as the peach Riff Randell. Other exemplary performances were Dei Ioung, such as Cate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten as cute Tom Roberts and Eaglebauer, starring Clint Howard. There are also some of the best Corman ranks with great performances by Mari Voronov, who is excellent as a demanding Ms. Togar, who puts his unjust rule on the students, Paul Bartel as a gentleman. . The enthusiastic act is quite camouflaged, but it agrees well with the material and there is a certain sympathy that stems from these characters, but we totally despise Ms. Togar and her observation halls. No fights. The shame here when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School' is an innocent hoot, working time!
