THE MOZAK WHO WAS NOT DIE, it was considered so inexhaustible in 1959 that it took several cuts and a passage of three years before it was published in 1962. Today it's hard to imagine how anyone could seriously grasp the matter back in 1959; The thing is both spooky and rude, but it is also incredibly funny in a deeply bumpy way. The story, of course, concerns a doctor who is an impatient experimenter in the passage of limbs - and when his girlfriend was killed in a car accident, he runs his head at his secret lab. With several telephone cords, a few clips, and what looks like a shallow baking utensil, it returns its head to life. But is she grateful? It is not difficult. In fact, it seems that all this is confused, especially when it happens that the doctor plans to connect the head with another body. How this happens, the doctor is picky to the new body: he wants to be built for speed, and he goes on a cruise to distressed women on city pavements, wandering joints, visiting wonderful body competitions, and hunting models of cakes in search of crochets to raise their eyebrows. But in the laboratory, the head developed a chemically induced psychic connection with some other doctoral experiments, this is so disgusting to keep locked out of sight in an incredible laboratory cabinet. Can I work together to deal with bitter and malicious laboratory help, revenge the doctor and save a woman whose body she wants? May be! Leading man Jason Evers plays the ill-treated doctor as if he were given a huge amount of Spanish flies; Virginia Late, an unhappy head, scream and a cocoon, despite the fact that there is no lungs and maybe even no loud accords. Busty babes roll into incredibly thin music, actors turn an irrational character from line to line, the dialogue is even more meaningless than complication, and you'll need a calculator to sum up your continuity. On the whole, the MOZAK that did not mumble, becomes unexpectedly funnier than Ed Wood's film. film is now easy to choose scenes that influenced later directors, who undoubtedly saw this thing when they were young and impressive and never overcame it. The cuts made before the film came out were lost forever, but cuts made for television were rebuilt in the release of Alpha, and although the quality of the film and sound are not particularly great, it's good to just recall that they were probably. All this is good for the beginning. Now, this is one of those movies that you will either find incredibly boring or wild hilarious, depending on your viewpoint, so it's very difficult to give recommendations. But I will say this: if your tastes match with Ed Voodoo or Russ Meiers, you must do this now! Four stars just for their raw bizarre! GFT, Amazon Reviever
