Occasionally, the movie is advertised as scary or scary, although it is usually not. Most modern horror films fit into this category. Then there are those movies that simply do not cause tension and adrenaline to pump veins harder than usual. They actually scare you to a level you've never experienced. "Witch Night" is such a film. It takes so much risk that most film producers will stumble. But almost everyone works. "Halloween" inspired in its simplicity and terrifying whole. The story is simple. Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) keeps children at Halloween Night, while a lunatic is at large after escaping from a mental institution after brutally murdering her old sister 15 years ago. Of course, a madman, later known as Michael Miers, begins to kill a local teenage population, and eventually comes after Laurie. Sounds familiar, right? Just another senseless slasher filled with stupid teenagers and a bunch of blood. No chance. I think James Berardinelli perfectly describes it in his review "Halloween:" "Because of his title, Halloween was often grouped together with all the other films that hosted theaters all over the world in the late 1970s. and in the early 1980s. However, while Halloween is rightly considered the father of a modern genre slasher, he is not a member ... "He has a point, and for a number of reasons. First and foremost, this is terrifying, while most of the entries in the teenage genre are stupid-fests (it could be said that many are more recent-in-the-face, but most of them fail). Secondly, there is almost no violence (very few are bloody). John Carpenter knows that violence is not as scary, and he relies very little on it (in fact, the number of bodies is quite low). In fact, it can be argued that this is not really a horror film, at least not today's standards of the highest number of deaths that can be pushed into a single movie, each worse and sadistic than last. He relies on ideas for fears, but also of skills. Third, while some of the characters can do foolish things (which sometimes seal your fate), they do not work because they are stupid. Characters are real people, so instead of thinking that characters die because they are idiots, we are scared because they make a mistake. One of the main reasons why "Halloween" is so scary because it's so easy to believe it's real. It's not hard to swallow in this movie. There is no supernatural, no funny creative elements, or "inventive" killings, or what. Instead, all the cameras and cameras (save the opening sequence) are simple. Carpenter just puts the camera in place and says action. What we get is the feeling that we actually see the murder that happened before us. Horror films are probably the toughest shooting films, because to make things scary, everything has to be perfect, and ideas never work twice. It's a hit or a failure, which is why, if I tell you all the good ideas Carpenter has (which I am not), they would look primitive (especially because they were repeated with a minor effect over and over) over the years). This is not a plus, because it does not have to be. This is a film about frightening ideas, not a film about dramatic, conflicting characters. Actors act like real people, not characters from a story. Nothing more. An exception is the one who plays The Shape, or later known as Michael Miers. It may be daunting to have a person say nothing and simply kill, but it's hard to retire (and it's even more difficult to keep people asking why). But the guy pulls it, and the result is terrifying. This is Carpenter's movie through and through. He directed, co-written, co-produced and written a cold result. This is a brilliant man, and his later film "The Thing" supports this statement, although The Thing is not as scary as Halloween. Unfortunately, its success has dramatically decreased, as happens when the big money bait for lesser freedom is used by formerly big manufacturers who "recognize your potential". How good this movie is, is not without fault. The famous open scene is disturbing, but not very scary. And not many of the fears work for the first part of the film. It is not that this is bad, but only that there is no good reason to fear the "Form". Fortunately, Carpenter mainly uses this time to establish relationships between characters and the audience. Although there is no intimacy in that relationship, it corresponds to the purpose. We grow to know the characters, but not so much that it is discouraging when it dies. But when the film arrives at Halloween, then Carpenter throws things at high speed and NEVER stops until you reach the end. While "Halloween" may be flawed, that's just a bit. It's an incredibly terrifying film, and must be seen for anyone who loves scary movies. Be warned, but this movie will scare you!
