There are two movie experiences that I will always keep. For the first time, he saw the "Star Wars" at the age of 10 with my younger brother. The second moment sank to the Night of Witches in Tripple Plek with my good friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. The witch's night left me breathless, without words and scared. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Mayers decides to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. He escaped from a psychiatric hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield to destroy the desolation again. He sees Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy old man who enjoys guarding children, and begins to chase her. Her friends at the party across the street were killed, one by one, while Michael was plotting to bring her. Ironically, a young man at Halloween at Night is afraid of "Boogeman," and he can see him outside. During the murder, dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) is working hard to find Michael before he frees his anger. There is no evidence, no evidence, just a pretense that he has to sell the sheriff (Charles Ciphers). As the action unfolds, you have a movie that is caused by tension instead of cheap pleasure. Alfred Hitchcock once said, "You can have four people at the table playing cards, and they do not know there is a bomb and it's off. It's cheap excitement. Talk about what to do - then it does not work, then you have uncertainty. "Director John Carpenter advises on the handle during Halloween. The audience will see him outside, watching, following his victims. We sighed. Will she be killed? When will she kill her? Then, Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses uncertainty instead of the special effects that usually accentuate above. This movie has little blood, but it still provides good fears. One of the best scenes is Michael raising Bob from the ground. He returns the knife back when he shines from the moon, and then drives him. All you hear is a loud kick, then the audience sees Bob's foot lifelessly falling. Carpenter was the first to use a suitable spot from the killer's place. This is the peak of our audience. What will he do? What's happening in his mind? Finally, Carpenter's terrible masterful score contributes to tension. Moreover, writing a tandem on the screen that he did with Debra Hill gives us a story in which characters that we care about are developing. Teenagers are not "crazy for the party", but they only go through the rebellious slumber of teenage desolation. In the end, in this "B", a low-budget thriller has a decent acting. Nick Castle, who plays "Shape" (Michael), adds something to the foolish killer. It's cold, merciless and without a pathology. Moreover, the person does everything the same way. He kills only when captured, or puts a trap. He shares the victims. It also relies on rough strength. And this mask (the bleached mask of Villiam Shatner) gives the impression of something that has no soul or emotion. While Pleasance is melodramatic in its impersonal monoliths, it is encountered as one scared, desperate and decisive. This led me to wonder if he was a blurred attempt of modernism to explain evil. The crown jewel is, however, the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. She plays Laurie character as someone who is scared, but also determined and powerful to fight. It's the end that left me without text. It was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not be stopped. Films like "Star Wars" have the advantage of being able to enjoy multiple occasions. But Halloween and other terrifying films do not have that advantage. So if we could erase our minds about the first time we see a movie to experience it again as fresh and new, Halloween would be a movie I would choose.
