As I mentioned earlier, classic carpenter John Carpenter from 1978 is one of the first two films I remember that I have seen and under strong influence (the other is a classic konvar varvarin). So it really frightened me that it was the only monster under my bed, Michael Meyers, whom I eventually became friends (imaginary friend) in order to prevent him from killing me in a dream. It's a ten years old terror. It's a horror classic and I'm sure my humble review will not do it by the justice it deserves. What is most surprising is that the film is still working, perhaps not in a throaty reaction, but more in the cognitive possibility or direct subconsciousness. This can all happen. It is not in the domain of impossibility or is located in a foreign country (such as the most recent horror, ie Hostel, Touristas, Cri Wolf, Sav, etc.). Sometimes it's graphics, while the rest is pushed into our imagination. I believe that this element is what keeps people scared or at least careful to come out in the evening with a signature sound that is still alive in the head. It still works because we can replace implicit or tertiary killing with something more frightening what our mind can create. So we contribute ourselves to our own fears and anxieties. Carpenter will intertwine a simple story about the everyday, middle class, suburban and relatively benign child that bursts on Halloween and kills his sister. Then, for the next 15 years, he is spending an institution (which we can not experience) just to escape and return to his hometown, the infamous Haddonfield. On his way he kills and kills. The child is called Michael Meiers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implicit security of a suburb of the middle class. In the bastion of American security and security, chaos can continue to strike. Mihael ceased to be the person when he was killed. He is not a serial killer, a human being or a psychopath. He is an unstoppable force. Generic overalls, white and white Shatner mask and the lack of any dialogue besides breathing, help to dehumanize and complete Michael's generation. This is the source of all his power. He is impersonal, without words and no significance in any way other than as a source of irresistible chaos. This is supported by cinema (postcard effect), lack of information / motivation / explanation and the experience of Donald Pleasence's veteran storyteller (Dr. Loomis). Its top performance and discomfort is selling the "Form". This is also Jamie Lee Curtis's first film appearance as Laurie Strode, an innocent girlfriend who is deterring chaos from huge chances (at least for a bit). Although this is not the first film of this new niche of horror films (Black Christmas came out 4 years earlier), it is the most successful and does not diminish during the review. If you have not been horrified by horror movies for a long time (like myself), this will probably cause hairbug on the back of the head on the first soundtrack soundtracks. I recommend this film as a movie that must be seen as a horror and as one of the highlights of John Carpenter's career.
