John Carpenter's Halloween Is it the biggest horor movie of all time? no .. maybe not everyone, but it's always there for me. The film is pure genius and will always have a special place in my heart. Unfortunately, I did not see this film until twenty years after its release, but even twenty years later, after many cats who came in and out of the cold slasher, the film nevertheless gave the same effect as the it must have been done then. My father suggested before I went to see Halloween Night to throw out and rent Night of Witches 1 and 2 to get the whole story, and after watching Night of Witches, it was quite clear that he defined and set Slasher Genre. The film's action is simple, in 1963. Michael Audrei Miers cold-bloodedly killed his sister Judith with a big knife. At the prison for fifteen years, where he was treated by dr. Sam Loomis, he escapes and returns to his hometown of Haddonfield where he begins to chase three young girls: Laurie Strode's innocent mothbook, Annie Brackett's heavy sarcastic story and Linda Van Der Klok, a beautiful and sexually energetic young girl. Dr. Loomis follows Michaela here where she seeks help from City Sheriff Leigh Bracket, who remains skeptical about his story of a psychotic killer. Michael relentlessly watches the girls and starts killing them one at a time, until there is only a sweet innocent Lori who is the main target on Michael's list. The casting of this film was great and all the actors and actresses had top performances, Jamie Lee Curtis was astounding in his first film role, as Laurie Strode and Donald Pleasance excitedly performed his small role as Loomis . Nick Castle, who portrayed Michael, did an extraordinary job as a soulless and evil killer, and his movements and movements of the body were perfect. One of the greatest accentuations of this film is the self-evident result of John Carpenter himself. which created one of the most recognizable today's horror themes. Blue lighting was creepy and effective, and one of the great moments in this film was when Lauria climbed up the wall after seeing her dead friends, and in the shadows behind her Michael's face materializes before she hits. Michael's mask was one of the things that disturbed me most of my spine, the white face without emotions worked perfectly. What makes this movie so glorious is that it's not a bloody movie unlike Friday's cheese. Thirteen films, in fact, have little blood in this film and instead work on uncertainty and tension. It became so clear that Night Witches caused films such as Friday 13th and characters like Jason Voorhees, whom he only discourages from Michael Miers. To summarize, I suggest you look at this movie at least once in a lifetime because it is a landmark in filmmaking and, without a doubt, is, if not the biggest one, then one of the greatest horror films of all time.
