I have to admit, this is one of my favorite horror films of all time. The unique way John Carpenter directed this picture, opening the door so many mock-genres, it will cool you to the bone, whether it's your first time to watch or fifty. The sound, the horror of the horror of Michael Meiers and the infamous scream of Jamie Lee Curtis give this film the current cult status and a great start for an independent era. I love music, I love characters, famous, but spooky setting, simplified nature of the bad guy and random chaos of all that. In this first film there is no real rhyme or reason for killing, giving us the taste of Michael's true nature. Is it crazy, or in some way just a very brilliant beast? This question may never be truly responsible, but Carpenter gives us 100% more commitment to this amazing masterpiece. John Carpenter is a master of horror. Until recently, his films were not the caliber they used to be (see Spirit of Mars), Night of the Witch began his career. This is his ultimate film. As he released other giants, I will always remember this film as a film that made me turn on all the lights, I keep watch when I'm keeping the kids, and check behind the closed doors, because you never knew where the next thing would happen. Carpenter has this incredible ability to bring you into the world in which he swims. With the power of his camera, he puts these images of Meiers into the places you least hoped to give them perception as if the killer was right next to you. I loved every scene in which we came back and there was Michael, looking from afar, without any wise. It was scary, but quite brilliant. I loved scenes where Carpenter pulled out your fear of almost thin air. There you would be, taking care of your job, when this terrible mask suddenly arose out of nowhere. Like the characters, and you thought it was just a trick of eye, but that's where Carpenter gets you, it's not. Michael is not a ghost, he is a human being (or at least think), but he has stronger mental abilities than most of the main characters. This leads to some really dark topics and unexplored symbolism, but even without it, this is a silly movie. Then, if you simply did not have enough Michael just evaporated in the windows of your house, Carpenter adds that it's a calming music theme. I still have that typing in the piano, I'm constantly wondering if Meiers is looking out of the window. Carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual fears and cold sounds to indicate what will happen next to our victims. It's deadly, and this has been done with refreshing originality and more unique excitement than anything the Horror Hollivood could have said. Carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air amidst what might have been a rough horror year, with the real fears that Paris Hilton is replacing, you know that quality is not the same. Finally I would like to say that even the simplified nature of the opening of the murder in this film is terrifying and cold. The use of the "clown" mask sent me a trembling in the spine. The way it's captured with that elongated shot using a child's mask as if our own eyes are still one of the best horor openings ever! Fully sets the tone for the rest of that movie. You have a babysitter theme, you have childish behavior that carries with Michael during the whole film, and you have the artistic talent of Carpenter all in one. I could literally talk about this film for hours, but I'd rather watch it again. It's worth repeating your visit many times! All in all, I think this is one of the most prominent films in cinema history. Skip all those pages to movies that think they will turn to the film accidentally, leaving it to Budget Carpenter and the genre of the slasher movie. This unique film redefined the entire generation of horror films, continues to affect today's horrors. The deadly combination of a genuine spooky killer, a powerful cinema of the event (which is usually not much in horror films) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes Halloween the movie above others. Of course, Freddy is cool and you feel compassion for Jason, but Michael is real, he is worried, and he is at ease crying for the blood of a nanny. What can be better? Rating: ***** from *****
