My favorite horror movie. From a long first recording to the final turn of the story, this is Carpenter's masterpiece. Halloween 1963, little Michael Meiers kills his older sister. All-Hallovs-eve 1978, Michael escaped from the Smith's Grove sanatorium. Halloween, Michael came home again to kill. The story is perfectly simple, Michael Walks and kills the babysitter. No bells or whistles, just basics. It's Carpenter's almost supreme atmosphere of fear that creates tension. Like any major horror film, the events are telegraphed for a long time before, but they seem to happen randomly, never allowing the audience to hit a second time. Dark lighting, long lasting peace - camcorders, and (most importantly) that damn scary music creates the most exclusive and uncomfortable scene I have not yet seen in the movie. There is counting of the body, but in comparison with a lot of slasher there is quite a bit of it after that. That and most of the killings are almost without blood. Fear is not in death, but in ignorance. The operation is well rounded. PJ Soles offers many limited-humor films (and one of the best deaths), Nancy Loomis turns into a decent performance, and there are also young (at that time) Jamie Leigh-Curtis. At first glance, her performance seems shy and insecure, yet quickly realize that she is perfect for a character, who is both shy and uncertain and she is not ready for what she is facing at all. And, of course, there is perfectly laid out Donald Pleasence as a certain (maybe a little unstable) Dr. Sam Loomis. Relax in the peace of Mr. Pleasence. If the film has a harmful disadvantage, it would be the passage of time. Since the release of this film many years ago, almost countless clones, copies, copies and imitators came and stole (usually bad) films that were the best until almost everything about him was not met. Combined with changes in expectations of the audience and appetite, we find that most of the raw energy is diluted. To truly appreciate it at this time of the day, it must be seen as it used to be, as something unique. Still, I do not have a reservation because I highly recommend this film to all who are looking for a good, terrible time. Highest levels. 10/10
