Night witch is not just the kum of all slasher movies, but the biggest horor movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created this most admirable, creepy and scary movie of all time with this classic cooler. Michael Miers is such a phenomenal monster in this movie that he inspired a multitude of imitators, such as Jason Vorhees (Friday 13), Miner (Mi Bloodi Valentine), and Charlie Puckett (Charlie's Night). Okay, so I got a bit out there, but it only shows that this film had an impact on the whole genre of horror. The monster no longer came from the royal tomb or from Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory. It could have been created in the comfortable small settlements of the suburbs. And at Night he came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and viewers will never be the same. There are many aspects of this film that make it a crown movie of horror films. The first is the setting ... it unfolds in what looks like a normal suburb. Many of us who grew up in an area like this can easily be identified with characters. This is the type of neighborhood in which you feel safe, but if the trouble starts cooking, nobody wants to raise a finger to get involved (especially when a crazy breathing lunatic tries to spark out our young heroin.) Together with the environment, the film is held at Halloween !! The worst night of the year! While most people make carvings, Michael Miers tries to cut some teenie-boppers. Alongside the environment, there is a great acting. Jamie Li Curtis does a good job like our hero, Laurie Strode, a student who can not find a date. However, Donald Pleasance, like Dr. Sam Loomis, is really stealing the show. His portrait of a good doctor who knows what kind of evil is hiding behind the black eyes of Michael Miers and feels compelled to send him once for all to hell is a matter of a legendary horror. However, the result of this synthesizer really starts this image, because it looks like the viewer is almost in the movie. Once you hear it, you will never forget it. I also enjoy a graceful feeling for this picture. Today, it seems, they sharpen the image of each film, giving us all the possible details of the monsters that we should be afraid of. On Halloween, John Carpenter never allows us to look at Michael Miers. He always seems to be a part of the shadows, and I think that's what makes him so scary. There are many scenes in which Michael is partially visible while spying young teenagers (without the knowledge of them), which additionally contributes to his horror. If you think, some crazy person could look at you right now, and you would not even know it. Unfortunately for our teens (and fortunately for us fans of horror), when they find Michael, he does not ask for candy in the night of witchcraft. Finally, Michael Miers, himself, is a key element in the effectiveness of this film. His merciless quest for Laurie Strode makes him look like a killer who will never stop. He is a gangster who will persecute you for the rest of his life. So, if you have not seen this movie (if there are still some of you who are not, or even if you have one), take popcorn, turn off every light, place it on the old DVD and watch in fear. Trick or Treat!
