Recently I went through a stage where I wanted to see why horror films of the 90's can not hold a candle for horror films of the 70's and 80's. I was very much publicized on this shameless film forum, such as The Haunting and Urban Legend, and so on. I feel that they (and others like them) do not know what a real horror is. And it disturbed me to the point that she made me go to a local video store and rent some of the classic horror films. I'm already the owner of all of the Friday so I rented a massacre in Texas, the original nightmare on the street elm, jaw, exorcist, the heart of angels, exorcists and Halloween. Other movies are in themselves a classic, but I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what makes Halloween is something that no other movie in the history of a horror movie can do, which is to use subtle techniques, techniques that do not rely on blood and blood, and uses them to scare the living light from you. I was in the room alone with the lights off and stupid as I knew I was, I wanted to look back to see if Michael Miers was there. No film I've seen in the last ten years did not do it to me. No movie. John Carpenter made a low-budget film and scared away the generation of movie visitors. He showed that you do not need budgets in 8 or 9 digits to cause fear to the audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what actually happens, but what will happen. What was that shadow? What was that noise up there? He knows that these are ways to scare someone, and he uses every element of horror from the textbook that I think you can use. I even think he invented some of his ideas and that should be the ideas people use today. But they do not know. Nobody uses lighting and details to cause fear, they use special effects and blood streams. And it's just not the same. You can not be scared of the gigantic special effect that creates loud sounds and jumps out of the wall. These are moments when the killer is lurking, somewhere, you just do not know where that scares you. And Halloween is like no other movie in this venture. In 1963, young Mikael Majers killed her sister with a big butcher knife and then spent the next 15 years of her life, quietly closed in the institute. As Loomis (his doctor) told Sheriff Brackett, "I spent eight years trying to get it, and then another seven years to make sure it never came out, because what I saw behind those eyes was a clean e-mail . " the manic and ruthless idea of ​​a killer who will not stop anything to get what he wants. And he just wants to kill Laurie. Nobody knows why she wants to kill her, but she does. (Halloween II pretty well continues the story) What Carpenter did here took a striking estimate, fake lighting techniques, and wrote and directed a firmly-timed masterpiece of horror. There is one scene that must be described. And that's the scene Annie is on the road to pick up Paul. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then she realizes that she left the keys in the house. She gets them, she goes back and inadvertently opens the car door without the use of keys. The audience accepts this, but no. She's too busy thinking about Paul. When she sits, she notices that the windows are blurred. She is confused and begins to wipe the fog, then Miers strikes from the rear seat. This is such a great scene because it pays attention to the details. We know what's going on and Annie does not. But these are the crafty remarks Carpenter made to overcome them later in 1978. The witch's night uses blurry images of the killer in the background, has shadows that ominously glide over the wall, dark rooms, dreadful and entertaining music, an evil story uttered by Donald Pleasance and a threatening, intransigent killer. My advice to filmmakers is to study Halloween. It should be a blue print for what horrible movies are. After all, Carpenter followed Hitchcock's steps, maybe the directors should follow his. Halloween personifies everything that scares us. If you are tired of all the foolish horror films that do not know the difference between evil and sweetness, then Halloween is a movie to be seen. He will not let you down. I enjoy being scared, I do not know why, but I know. But nothing made me afraid of the nineties, except perhaps a single film (the final nightmare Vesa Craven). If you love beings scared, then Halloween is the one you need to see. And if you've already seen it a hundred times, go and watch again, back in the background with a movie such as Urban Legend. Urban Legend will seduce you into all the beautiful faces of the movie. The night of the witch will freeze you from fear, stuck in the seat, not wanting to move. Tell me, what horror movie would you rather watch? And just to follow the version of Zombie, it seems that you value it even more. This is a classic by definition. Zombie broke his version, but it does not take away the glow of this wrap.
