Watching the fire and ice for the first time reminded me of my experience last year. It was not at all a bad movie at all, but not average, but his planning and dialogue was, at best, conventional and, in the worst sense, confusing and one-dimensional (perhaps based on the Frank Miller comic, either to make the right decision. Primary forces came from intense actions and bloody battles, and the 14-year-old feeling was watching men struggling in bloody fighting with swords, with a casual strange creature, or super-hot women who went with the painting environment. probably he watched the Fire and Ice before 300, both of whom had a similar feeling - this time the exception is, of course, Frank Frazetta, a notorious artist and designer of countless books and comics, who works with director Ralph. Bakshi, in what is not typical Hollywood train, but something for the hard fans. What does it mean for an audience that today is coming back to watch the movie for the first time (now it may be desirable) Nostalgia for those who were young and watched it together with his VHS recordings of his Master of the Universe on the previous day) is a possible drawback tak mentioned earlier and, perhaps, you'll see something a little unique. Fire and ice are not even the only Bakshi's rotoscopic trait, but this may be the most fluid-if not my personal favorite-the few that he has made, and he and his team create the whole striking world that is part of the prehistoric, part of this world fantastic , and partly medieval, and everything is touched by the painter's hand in relation to the background, the sky and the ground. There is a small drawback for Bakshi fans in this aspect of character design; Baxhi went so far as to say that he was more Phrase than he was. This may be true, but it does not make it more eye-catching or curious at those moments when we do not see people being killed or engraved in a fast or slow motion (my favorite was the current guide through the skeleton - how they were rotoscoped that amazed me) . I miss the description of the shop, because this could lead to denial of purpose to really recommend it. If you are already tired in this type of style and approach to animation, the plot will depend on the degree to which two warring factions or "girls" or princesses are in danger or a hero must prove himself or even jade, Just say that it is about, well, Fire against the ice, with characters Necron and Darkwolf (the most handsome man in the party and most of the comics in appearance) and Teegra (a typical hottie that's almost too * perfect for an adolescent man) is a fantasy figure). What complicates, as an advantage, is to allow a number of cliffs and uncertain parts around the action, advance the dangers in the coming great battle, such as when hunting for Teegro and have to fight with sudden crazy monsters. and creatures that leap from trunk and lake. And according to the custom of Bakshi, he invites some madness (if not quite usual inspirational craziness) in the midst of all this material of fantasy. If you see the Wizards, you will understand to a lesser extent what I mean. So, if you are a fan of animation, immediately look for this for some "old school" (1980) action and incredible design. For everyone else, that's ... well, not much, as I would say without a mistake on its logical expansion of the 21st century, with some changes, 300.
