I'm not saying I'm a fan of Ralph Bakshi because I'm not. So far, I've watched only 5 of his animated films: Coonskin, Wizards, Fritz Cat and Lord of the Rings and at the end of "Fire and Ice". What I can claim is that I found that "Fire and Ice" is the most favorable of all. This is a simple fantasy story about swords and sorcerers based on Conan the Barbarian, but wonderful works of art, realistic animation and lively film music effectively give this classic charm a classic charm. , it's an animation itself. I do not care what people say about rotoscopy, but in my opinion, Ralph Bakshi used this technique very efficiently. I was amazed at how realistic the movements of the characters. The style of directing and photorealistic designs of the character "Fire and Ice" feel more like a big budgetary fantastic blockbuster than a cartoon. Unfortunately, the level of detail of art becomes somewhat inconsistent, especially near the end of the film. Some scenes look really straight with little or no details of the contours of the body or fabric cloths and shadows on the characters. With realistic moving characters, real action would naturally follow. Not only was the action well choreographed, it was really brutal. I would be so brave to compare the brutality of action with live action movies such as Zack Snider 300. However, I noticed that although the blood was shed, blood bleeding was reduced to a minimum. Again, an excellent selection of a creative team that only boosts the viewing experience by not taking too much "top". Although I do not recognize any "big names" in the acting, voice actors are able to achieve a satisfactory effect; keeps supplying each line realistically muffled and just messes with the bad guys. Have I said bad guys? yes I am. Because that's precisely what the story is, standard good and evil story. Nothing really original in a story that seems to be just a blend of already existing clips from fantasy movies featuring modestly dressed warriors and girls. Anyone looking for "depth" would be very disappointed. The characters do not develop much, and some of them like Nekrona and Darkwolf are at best one-dimensional (I heard rumors about some deleted scenes explaining Darkwolf's obsession by killing Nekrona and his mother, they are included in the final cut to add a level of depth to the show) . In fact, I would not be surprised to find out that the entire film was just a "technical demo" to show the terrible animation and art, a story that was connected and inserted as the idea to postpone as a real "movie." The real classic of the past era, "Fire and Ice" really captures the flaming spirit of adventure and mysticism with its beautiful views of fantastic creatures and charming characters. It is a unique vision of the world created by Ralph Bakshi and artist Frank Frazetta with good measure of action and uncertainty. Would you adhere to the standard of animated film today? Definitely not. But I appeal to animation fans to "get out of my high horses" and to give this simple yet beautiful film a chance to grow on you. It's really a gem of the eighties worth checking out.
