Before regular comments, my main curiosity about THIS IS NOT A LOVING SONG is that while the time is displayed on the IMDb of 94 minutes, the DVD from Vellspring Media in the United States lasts 88 minutes. Any information about this is appreciated! Two friends with a very difficult life move on to the adventure path. What they end up is precisely when one accidentally shot a girl, and the two of them escaped by foot. Instead of a big chase, the film is complicated by the crazy and rather childish Spike who behaves inappropriately, and holds his boom box like honey. Some viewers may not like a story based exclusively on Spike, but without a bit of frustration with the added story, the movie would be too light. You will notice that a more stable character Heaton calls Spike a "big man" in opposition to Spike's attitude and behavior "out of control." Frankly, I was also hindered by Spike's ridiculous actions, especially the spray can sniff, but in a desperate situation it is obvious that someone in his mentality chooses a temporary exit. But Heaton was there to keep everything under control until things broke through his head. Kenny Glenaan as Heaton is a miracle, and after a while I stopped wondering why he would do it wanting to pick up Spike from jail and continue friendship, due to Glenna's great performance. After all, there are many reasons during their run, which would be a good idea for Heaton to simply strip Spike and try to save himself. I guess Heaton felt like Spike's protective older brother, and loyalty between them is difficult to break - until things become too desperate. While some of the cinema is really artistic, it offers more flavor stories rather than just footage of men who run through the wilderness. Beautiful landscapes, rain and huge gray sky provide a dark tone that increases the sense of tragic circumstances. The rating is also unusual, and the use of Public Image Ltd. "This is not a love song" and as the title of the movie is pretty smart. All in all, it is understandable if you do not care about THIS IS NOT A LOVING SONG because it is focused on two opposing personalities that flee from the other man who decided to chase them (played by cool, quiet David Bradley) . It's not a fun action. For the rest of us who enjoy looking for something minimal and dramatic, it's time worth spending, and it offers some extremely tense moments that keep you breathtaking. I really enjoy movies that come out of Scotland recently, with similar films, Dog Soldiers, and The Devil's Tattoo. I am also a little thankful for the subtitles offered on this DVD, because the accents are sometimes lightning and heavy for some viewers like me. Frustrating, gloomy and often tense, THIS IS NOT A LOVING PHYSICALLY is a very tragic, but exciting story. <br /> <br />
