It has thrilled the audience at numerous film festivals and it is not difficult to understand why. Director Iang Zhang, with the help of very good work of three main actors, Xu Zhua as father, Master Liu; Quanquin Pu as an elderly son, Da Ming; and in particular Vu Jiang as an irrational and more sympathetic younger son, Er Ming, turns a story that will warm the coldest heart. The film begins when a man is showered in an automatic cabin in the middle of Beijing. He puts some money into the slot, opens the door, takes off clothes and puts some of them on the conveyor belt that cleans, enters the shower, and cleans brushes and sprays water and soap as if the car is on a car wash. This is a future symbolically speaking, and the old spa that we will see in the next scene is the past. Agrarian China gives way to industrial China. Pollution? Cultural Revolution? Industrialization blues? No way. Here we have the celebration of people and their kindness and love for others, the celebration of goodness in human hearts. I still wonder how the Chinese government looks at this film. On the one hand, this clearly represents a pleasant view of China and its people. It is strictly non-political without criticism of the current regime expressed or implicit. However, there is the slightest feeling that old old ways will be replaced by something that may not be that good. I think that Iang Zhang had the wisdom to allow it. Tell the story of the old people in the bathroom where they come back and massage, tell stories and remember the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and fight cricket, where Teacher is a bang and a wise old man and his assistant is his son, which can be retarded or autistic, but who does his job with joy and an infectious spirit of fun and goodwill. Go back to the scene of an elderly son, Yes Ming, who is polished, well-cut and silent. It is unpleasant to see what he sees as a disgraceful behavior of his father and brother. It represents modern China with a tie and briefcase, mobile phone and education. He returned only because he thought his father was dying. When he sees that this is not true, he packs his bags and is ready to return to his wife and career. But then there is a crisis, and right during this crisis, Da Ming sees the value of natural life at the heart of people and how his father and his brother live. And so Iang Zhang calms the old and new, and it does so in such a charming manner that I will not object, especially because his style is so neat and so carefully expressed. One of the nice things he does in most films is the way he matches the sublattices within the larger story, so they are resolved before the picture is over. A monk in the bathroom singing "O sole mio" in the bathroom while the water descends on him, to the enthusiasm of Er Ming, thinks he can not sing in public because of the clutter. At the end of the film, he loses his fear and singing thanks to the inspired help of Er Ming. A regular beautician who loses his wife because ... well, tells Master Liu before he recognizes the real reason. But Liu understands and again, before the film is over, husband and wife reconcile. This kind of "happy ending" of making a movie is unusual in today's art and international films, or in almost every adult movie. Some happy endings are so inventive that not only their controversy is shamed, but also their audience. And some are so obviously indulgent that the audience has been offended. Here, however, the audience is thrilled. See this especially for the comic performance of Vu Jianga whose warm forests surpass any handicap that his character may have.
