"Foxes" is a serious look at the consequences of a rapidly growing up in the 1980s. And unlike the sexual comedy that has overshadowed it (Porki's, Fast Times at Ridgement High), the film is holding up against time. His theme of teenage anxiety today is as relevant as it was 25 years ago and Jodie Foster and sk8er boi Scott Baio (remember it?) lead a good young team worth watching. The film follows four girls from South California as they move through the existence of sex and drug-free drugs. Teens spend days at school and out of school, and spend nights at parties, concerts or on the streets. Rarely at home, because instant gratitude is a pill, a party or a boy. But instead of condemning them, the film is cute, blaming absent, insensitive adults to forcing teenagers to grow up alone. A charismatic composition is impossible to refuse. Open film? long and full of love - sets the tone for what follows. We see girls sleeping at dawn, among the subjects that define a teenage girl, from Tvinkies to a picture of young John Travolla, while Donna Summer "On the Radio" scores below. From here, the movie accelerates how girls go to school and in life. Annie (Runavai rocker Cherie Currie) is a wild child who lives for the next party or pill. Deirdre (Kandice Stroh) is a crazy queen of the drama. Madge (Marlene Stroh) is a shy girl over her head. And Foster is the one with the plan. Her job is to keep this crew long enough to finish high school, and also keeps her divorced and desperate man who hunts for his mother in line (Salli Kellerman). It's almost impossible to work, and one that Foster eventually fails. Despite their age, "Foxes" remain a pleasure to watch. Dorothy Hamill did not hurt the film by dated hair, clothes and references to the Olympic skater. The cinema is simply stunning, with filtered breath taking images from the pool L.A. at dawn, dusk and night. Djordje Moroder adds a soundtrack from the 1980s with similar things to Donna Summer and Janis Ian. Perhaps the biggest disappointment in the film is that the young stars around Foster have never emerged as castings of the "Fire of St. Elma" (1985) or "Empire Records" (1995). "Foxes" show why they should. But perhaps like Bowling for the song "Soup" "1985", they just hit the wall.
