I saw this movie in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and went to Arizona State and really enjoyed watching the places I spent so much time on. I recall that at that time I thought that Barbara invested more in the rock sound (in fact, R and B in my ears) was successful. I've never been a fan of Chris's singing until his last effort for Nev West. As a songwriter and actor, however, he has serious blows, IMHO. I think it's a good romance. I love him better than the version of Judy Garland and I've never seen Original Selznick's Janet Gainor. I believe they made some changes in this long-awaited DVD release. Among other things, I recall a helicopter shooting that reveals that the Sun Devil Stadium was longer and more dramatic. I wish they had done a better job of writing music for Chris or not God, put some of his original songs there. In this direction I have some information from the primary source that says music was a problem for Chris and Barbar. While interviewing my new music documentary, Rocking the Boat: Musical Conversation and Journei, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, a fine singer / songwriter / guitarist with close professional and personal relationships with Chris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton, among many others. Stephen was in Speedway, the John Norman band. Chris really did hardly pretend what was essentially pop music in something that could go for rock. Stephen was a friend of Chris and a longtime member of the band. There was tension on the set and at one point the band was barking at Chris in the presence of Barbara. She noticed that the band should not talk to him like that. Chris immediately returned to the fact that they were his friends and that they were rock and roll! In the end, Barbara came in and decided to use the live performances of Chris's band in the movie and specifically built Stephens role in doing things. I heard this story even more respecting her as an artist. Much is made of it as a giant. What she is is a professional. And I'm not gay. Not that something is wrong in it.
