Blokbaster at the time of his original release (it was the second most successful film from 1976), the third screen version of A STAR IS BORN shared critics and fans. The film opened for desperately negative reviews, however, the image of $ 5.6 million has risen to over $ 150 million in cash and won the Oscars and five golden globes. It's not without irony that even the most commercially successful Streisand film will remain the most controversial. For every ten fans who claim that STAR is the best Streisand film, there are always a dozen who claim to be the weakest film in her filmography. Although both sides have some merit to support their claims, it should be noted that the 1970s continue to work. STAR IS BORN remains one of the most entertaining and very entertaining drama scenes Hollywood has ever produced. For my money, this is the best version of the often-told story. The film is solid and cozy. Changing the settings from the old Hollywood studio system into a competitive world of music industry was actually a great idea, and the scenario creates a realistic contrast between the romantic characters and their career. This is the main area in which the 1976 version STAR IS BORN actually exceeds the classic predecessors. For example, the film is particularly successful when it describes the confrontation of personal and professional difficulties during the recording and endless phone calls that interrupt Kristofferson's attempts to write songs. This version of the story is also more convincing in the main characters. For example, female traces in the previous two versions were so honored and self-sacrificing that they appeared as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female lead in this version, is not only shown to be strong and passionate, but also erroneous and conflicting. It makes it feel "more realistic" than the characters Janet Gainor or Judy Garland in previous films, and makes the story much more effective. All the performances are targeted, even if some support signs are not processed enough. If you are looking for an actress / singer who can walk along a fine line between hard and vulnerable, and if it does not seem like a script, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few film stars who can make the banal dialogue fresh and natural, and, as usual, manages to make a strong emotional connection with the viewer. Simply put, her Esther is a fully realized, three-dimensional human being. Chris Kristofferson may not respect his relaxed characterization now, however, he is always interesting to watch and shows magnetic charism that rarely appeared elsewhere in his career. At that time, Kristofferson received enthusiastic criticism from NEVSVEEK, TIME, and even NEV IORKER's usually evil Pauline Kael. Gary Busei and Paul Mazurski also give convincing performances, but both have a fairly minimal amount of screens. Film recording of the movie also had huge success, hitting # 1 on the Billboard Hot 200 and selling over four million copies in the United States alone. "Evergreen" (with the lyrics of Paul Villiams) composed by Streisand is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful songs in contemporary pop, which has brought even more life to the absolutely incomparable vocal performance of Streisand. The rest of the original movie songs (mostly composed of Villiams and Rupert Holmes) is also pretty good, and Streisand sounds fantastic - its solo numbers remain in memory long after the rest of the film faded. Streisand's lively performances bring "Woman on the Moon" and "Another Look At You" to a thrilling life, and make even more blurry numbers like "queen bees" working much better than they are right. Kristofferson's solo numbers sound a little uncomfortable, however, it may have been intentional because the vocalist is in decline. Although it is naturally dated in some aspects (definitely reflects the decade in which it was made), in the 1970s the A STAR IS BORN still holds extremely good. The film is well-assembled and slick-produced, chemistry between the water is extremely powerful and always feels real, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the finale that both are painful effective. In conclusion, STAR IS BORN is not only fun and mobile, it also surpasses all the criticisms.
