Thirty years after its first release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally comes to the DVD in a package that should satisfy the most loyal fans Barbre Streisand. It would also include me since I just saw her at the concert, singing, among other things, the feminist anthem "Woman on the Moon" from this 1976 film. It's easy to dismiss, the story of polarizing the career of a movie is so solid a bunch of Hollywood clichés that variations exist in other films, including Streisand's Funny Girl. This time reset to the contemporary contemporary music scene, the time-framed film follows the autodestructive rock star John Norman Howard on his deep career as he meets with club singer Esther Hoffman who is waiting for a great break. The concern of the dog since their marriage from the very beginning, as John Norman (both names please) responds to captive fans and bloodless DJs with random violent acts (from which unexpectedly escapes the prosecution). For John Norman, Esther presents his final hit of luck, and in turn he is drawn to a congenial decent, creative musician under the façade. At the most important stage of the film, Esther gives a big break at a charity concert, and her career begins. Inevitably, he can not bear the failure of his career in the light of its meteoric success, and if you are familiar with any version of this story, you know the rest. It was directed by Frank Pierson (although Streisand's directorial talent is obviously exposed), the movie still manages to attract me, although I know it is shamefully invented and manipulative. It still has some emotional resonance in spite of numerous flaws. Although Streisand in her premiere seems to be the ideal choice for playing the stars ascending, her screenplay is simply too strong and predefined to play Esther credibly. The same can be said of her style of performance, because the script seems to allow her softer, oriented material for adults to be accepted in the otherwise reinforced arena world. From the moment her head is lifted up in the middle of Oreos, she can not but come as a star. I can forgive the failure because it is an incomparable vocal talent, but what is becoming less forgiving is that it makes Esther sharper than fierce when John Norman's difficulties become irresistible. This creates a strange unfavorable dynamics in the last part of the film when it becomes less about what triggered a climatic event than Ester's response to him. This is limited by a continuous seven-minute major plan of her memorable performance - great, except when unfortunately mimics the style of John Norman to the end. Kristofferson, on the other hand, gives outstanding performance through all this, managing the level of sincerity that builds the film and makes tangible its feelings of love, pride and anger towards Esther. In this context, he makes his work on water on the water. Otherwise, what always seems strange to me in this version is that all auxiliary characters are pushed into the background as if they do not exist, unless they communicate with two principals. The only ones to register are Paul Mazurski as John Norman's director Brian and Garry Busei as his cynical band manager Bobbie. Veteran cameraman Robert Surtees provides a nice sharpness to cinema, although the print remains the level of graininess. A big dealer in his day, a soundtrack is a surgical mix of different styles from the 1970s - some songs are still pretty good ("Everything", "Woman on the Moon," "Look around now"), some who moved to the kitsch "Kueen Bee", Kenny Loggins "I believe in love") and, of course, the inevitable "Evergreen". The transfer of printing to DVD 2006 is pure and sound thanks to the digital sound remastering. Streisand's participation is the main bait of supplements that begin with her featured commentary. She gives information on the genesis of film, casting and allegedly problematic production. She is also refreshingly honest about the megalomania of Jon Peters, her hairdresser boy who became the producer of the film, and her dissatisfaction with Pierson as a director. I wish she could provide more commentary-related reviews directly related to what is on the screen. It also tends to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood strikes, for example, it becomes tiring to hear the third time that the person who played the driver was Peters's friend. I think the other commentator could draw other nugget from her. There is also a test cloak for clothes that shows some fun clothes from the 1970s, especially Christopher's poncho and an orange polyester shirt. There are also twelve erased scenes that are included with Streisand's optional commentary. One is a comedy scene for baking bread that reminded me how much I like Streisand in farsi comedies. The second is an expanded scene in which "Evergreen" plays on the guitar before an exciting Kristofferson person who then falls asleep. The most interesting alternative is taking a musical finale that includes quick cuts, which I agree with Streisand. Conveniently, theater trailers for all three versions "A Star Is Born" are also included.
