Recently, we talked to our friend about educational and ethical influences when we grew up in the 1950s compared to today. She mentioned Samuel Tailor Coleridge, written in 1798 by The Rime of the Ancient Mariner. We both had to recite parts of the epic poem in high school and English language courses in college. My friend said: "His messages can even be called metaphysical in today's context." We tried to recite it and just remember the parts. (I have a problem remembering Dr. Seuss.) I said I would get two copies of the song so that everyone could read it. It was easy, but I was extremely surprised to find him in the movie. We looked forward to seeing the movie to see how it was interpreted. After all, Rome's Ancient Mariner is not a very light reading. After each of them read the song, we watched the movie together. Film was considered a remarkable achievement, especially since the film was made in the 1970s, before the computer, before the so-called "Burns Effect", "even before special effects began to compensate for the shortcomings substances. Particularly worthy of attention are the illustrations from the 19th and 20th centuries that originated from "lesser-known artists", such as Villi Pogani, an early Hollywood designer. The film was narrated by Sir Michael Redgrave, who taught the song as a teacher, adding the tone of authority and credibility to staying faithful songs. His mastery is in the layers of subtle messages, transmitted without "teaching," or becoming an oppressive and obvious moral story. We found that such a refreshing change from today's 'in your face' and 'push them through the mentality of the head'. Most of today's messages about morality in the movie are two-dimensional: extreme violence, murder and crime are bad. Bad, really, really, bad, good are great heroes. It's like a human character does not have any nuance. An ancient seafarer is a celebration of an individual, a character, a gratefulness for celebrating all the wealth that life can offer, in the wider context of humanity, that is, the ability of man to give to others. We are proud of finding this "unknown" gem, then we learned that he won the award in the category of five out of six times at international film festivals. Another surprise is the learning of film director Raul DaSilve, a recognized early animation authority, and author of six award-winning books on film. The message of this film is equally relevant today, if not more, than when Coleridge wrote the original epic poem and when Raul da Silva translated it to the film. If I continued to teach high school, what I was doing for five years, I would catch this and show it to all my students. There is a level of wealth that naturally leads to the discussion of the great and important issues we are facing, whether in 1798, 1978, or today - in fact, as long as humanity has a spiritual component. <br /> <br Highly recommended.
