I've always been a great fan of James Bond! I saw almost all the films except Die Another Dai, and the world is not enough. The graphics are for everything or anything that takes away breath! Glasni talenti ......... VOV! I LOVE PIERCE BROSNAN! Finally Bond is in the video game! ON JE BOND! I enjoyed the last Bond games: Goldeney, The Vorld Is Not Enough, Agent Under Fire, and Nightfire. This is definitely the best! В конце, г. Brosnan, (can I call him Mr. Brosnan as a sign of respect? Yes, I can!) He was phenomenally exciting to hear in the video game ........ DUH! I saw him playing with Robin Williams, and let me tell you, they're a great team. Pierce Brosnan is funny, wickedly handsome (I mean to say goodbye in a good way) and only one of those actors who would like to come to him and turn around and hug, saying, "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for like James Bond," "If it had not been for you, I would not know who James Bond was." He's a great actor! I am a great fan of Villem Dafoe although I have seen him in several films. His role of Nikolai Diaval was brilliant. (Did I write the name of the character?) LOL !!!! It works great with accents. Sometimes I can not even hear the accent. I've seen Villem, I mean, Mr. Dafoe, performed in two films: Finding No Spider-Man with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! SHE ROCKS! In any case, He never ceases to amaze. And Richard Kiel, wow, definitely got a part of Java. I saw him in the movie and he's great! In fact, my grandfather and grandmother met with Mr. Kiel, and I was jealous when they told me. But, Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of celebrities I want to meet. John Cleese was breathless. I've never seen a better person playing as wiser, and creating a gadget K! G. Cleese was hilarious! I saw him working with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeney and Tommorow Never Dies. He's great! John Cleese's latest project is Shrek 2 featuring Mike Mier, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrev and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) GOOD GIRL 007! Oh, yes, and as K always said, "Grow up 007!"
