Do not get me wrong. "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and definitely the best FPS game based on the 007 franchise. But the series fell into the FPS track. Enter "All or nothing", which puts the Bond in a third party. When I wrote my earlier review for "From Russia Vith Love," I finished FRVL and just started EON and judged EON a bit sharply. Although FRVL definitely has the advantage of nostalgia and capture the essence of a movie franchise, EON is definitely superior in terms of depth control and game diversity. The missions range from standard running and driving to SUV driving, Aston Martin's drive, a wagon-driven limousine to explode, commanding two different types of tanks a la "GoldenEie", riding a motorcycle, flying a helicopter, refusing a shaft guarded by a laser and free fall after a falling girl. Of course, vehicle controls are a little clumsy, but the problem here is the variety. As film adaptations, "GoldenEie" and FRVL are all I could hope for. But EON's original story contributes to the sense of controlling the James Bond adventure. This was helped by the impressive list by Villema DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito. Judy Dench and John Cleese reprise their film roles M and K, while Pierce Brosnan, although not Sean Conneri, adds credibility to the proceedings. All the characters resemble the stars, with the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum, who in the model of the game does not make fairness of the real-life model. Mia's song is at odds with at least some of Bond's great tunes. The game also honors some older Bond films. Character Villem DeFoea is a former colleague of criminal Woken from "A Viev to a Kill". Richard Kiel appears as Javs, an awkward follower of "The Spi Vho Loved Me" and "Moonraker" in three scenes of the fight, the first and the best that takes place the same way as she fought in the movies. Playing one player generally consists of standard missions on legs like Bond. Like Bond, you will be able to choose whether you will sneak out or go out with pistols. The game provides plenty of opportunities to use concealment, with lots of wall and lid objects. Unfortunately, unlike FRVL, only one button in the EON controls both squatting and grip on the wall, so Bond can end up at a low level when it needs to scroll around the corner, and vice versa. The game also allows players to go to Bond Reflex mode. As you review your inventory, everything around you will go in super cool, allowing you to analyze objects around you with which you can interact. While this will get used to a bit, in the end, this way will allow you to perform many spectacular "Bond moments," such as breaking the luster to pull the four pigeons beneath, and greatly add the Bond movie feeling. There are 3 available weight levels: Operating, Agent and Double Oh. In the Operative, you can pass through a few hours. On the Agent, for a few weeks. At Double Oh, a couple of months. The weight level can be changed for each individual mission. Winning high results on missions will unlock gold and platinum rewards and effects, such as vehicle upgrades and scarce clothes worn by Bond's girls. Some missions can be extremely frustrating due to scarcity of checkpoints, but when everything is said and done, no mission is longer than one action scene in Bond's film. Not so exciting. "GoldenEie" still has the best multi-payer Bond game mode. The main multi-payer EON is a co-op campaign that puts players in charge of smaller MI6 agents on a less important mission than Bond. A more standard third-person death match can be unlocked from this mode. But, single-payer mode is the most complete Bond experience so far. The end, like most Bond games, is anti-climactic. While the last mission is one of the toughest games, the ultimate conflict with the villain is disappointing. Also, levels that require Bond to quickly become a matter of trial and error. However, for every serious Bond fan, not playing this game is the same as Bond's movie.
