I'm a big fan of Sai Anithing, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I was not that big in Singles), so it's safe to say that I'm looking forward to seeing everything that Cameron Crove gives the name. I went to see that Vanilla Ski was said to be a very strange movie and that I would not like to expect something like Crowe's other films. Well, since I just saw it, let me just say that it was right first, and the other could not be more wrong. It's a very strange movie, and nothing comes close to the end. Anyone who tells you that they have seen him halfway through the movie or is lying to you or is not able to deflect your sight from memory. In any case, the movie was unusual, and I'm looking forward to having it as soon as the DVD is released. I was touched by the film and I felt emotionally at the end. It is an experience that will draw the viewer a whole range of human emotions, if the viewer is allowed in the shop. In the theater where I watched the movie, there were more than a few people who apparently lost track of the film and were bored when they discovered that I could not go back to the plot. I am sure that others simply lack the ability to properly follow such a film. I do not think that sounds mean, but some people are more cut off for Seagal, Chan, Van Damme, the genre of movies, and these are the guys who probably will not enjoy this movie. It's very cerebral, so be sure to be ready for a two-hour mental error, as well as many thoughts after that. At least one view, in all Crove films, the soundtrack is a character for itself. This is almost definitely because of Crowe's longstanding relationship with music, as well as anyone who saw Almost Famous, and his marriage to Star of Heart Nancy Wilson. It was also worth noting that there was definitive chemistry between Tom Cruise and Crove's acting, which made a movie known to everyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my head, it's not a bad thing. Anyway, if I had to compare this movie with any other movie, I would say this: if you enjoyed David Fincher's The Game, you will almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Ski.
