Warning: Contains spoilers. Open your eyes If you have not seen this movie and are planning to do so, just stop reading here and take my word for it. You must see this movie. So far, I've seen it four times and I still have not decided exactly what happened in the movie. That's all I will say, because if you have not seen this movie, then stop reading now. If you are still reading, then I will ask you some questions and maybe if anyone has any answers you can send by email and let me know what you think. I can remember my English teacher well. His name was Mr. Krisak. For me, he was wise and out of his age, and he always had such an abundant way to teach you things that you may not have been too enthusiastic about. If we did not like Shakespeare, then he transformed the story into a modern daily romance with modern Danish language in order to understand it. Our classroom was never a room, it was a hut and we were on the lake and read the book in our free time. It was his indelible way of branding something in our minds. I'm starting this review of Vanilla Ski with the description of this brilliant man because he once gave us a task that was firmly engraved in my head, such as the phone number of a long-lost best friend, and finally it became meaningful to me after watching Matrix. Now, if I did not know better, I would think that Vachovski's brothers are actually just a pseudonym for my teacher, Mr. Krisko. But giving them the benefit of suspicion, we assume that it was not him. But this was the first time that this task was anything more than an intangible. He asked us to prove to ourselves that we were real. Show me how you can say you're real. This has made the class reject all common ideas that I am sure you can imagine. Everything, from pain, to feelings of touch, to feelings of loss to the feeling of hunger, have told our teacher to prove to us that we are real. After each script we gave him, he would come back with one answer that would leave us without text. "What if you are nothing else to dream of someone else?" What if you were a stranger's dream? What a wrenching question. That was the question / scenario we were asked 15 years ago, before the astronomical use of the Internet and the rapid advancement of the computer. How is it possible to do that then? But if you look at today's technology, now ask yourself why you were part of someone else's dream. Another brilliant, but surreal film this year, Mulholland Drive David Lynch, has explored similar areas. But Vanilla Ski goes deeper than any other movie you could hope for. In short, this is a movie that literally (if you allow it) will blow up all the opportunities that surround you. Open your eyes. Tom Cruise plays David Aames, a young, hot shot, just, full of himself, publisher and owner of several magazines. He inherited this from his father and although he has talent and business sense, his board of directors, the Seven Dwarves, thinks he is a rich cousin with a silver spoon in his mouth. They feel that he has not done anything that deserves the peak of success that each of them believes he should go towards them. Early in the movie, we meet one of David's wonderful toys named Julie Gianni, whom Cameron Diaz played with devastating but bombastic perfection. David and Julie play a good game, both claim they are just to use each other and are not even interested in a monogamous, dedicated relationship. It is a type of relationship that is proportionate to David's other blows in sex life. Although both speak a good game, we can say that only one really tells the truth. Then we meet with Brian Shelby, who played with the ingenious move of a good friend of Kevin Smith, Jason Lee. Brian writes a book that David will publish, but they are also very good friends. This is something that David has very little in his life and you can feel the real care for each other early in the film. Brian has one famous line that he constantly repeats to David. And that's "sweet is not so sweet without bitterness." He goes on to say that one day he will find true love, and not just that lover status that he seems to have committed with all the flares that inhabit his bed for one or two nights. On David's huge birthday bash, (so huge that he loves Steven Spielberg wishes a happy birthday) Brian enters with his release, Sofia Sorrano, which of course played Penelope Cruz with what must be the best performance this year by the actress. This is bash only by invitation and at first glance David and Sofia look intrigued with each other. In the typical David style, despite being his best friend there, he starts flirting with Sofia. To complicate matters, Julie appears uninvited and begins to spy on David. Then David spends the night with Sofia, but they only talk and draw cartoons of each other. There are no panic attacks. The next day, while David leaves Sofia, he is welcomed by Julie, who offers him a ride and from there ........ I think that we all saw advertisements. This is all I really will say about the plot, because from here the film teases us what is reality and what is the blurred perception. We met a character who plays Kurt Russel and several other suspicious characters who all play a role in this labyrinthic mist. There is a subtext of death and possible remedies like drugs that can or can not create the possibility of eternal life. This is just one of the intriguing possibilities offered by the film, but that does not end there. As many movies are progressing today, this movie has a secret. The sixth sense may have started this craziness, but you can even look back and maybe you can thank Angel Heart for starting madness. No matter how it originated, Vanilla Ski has one of its hidden digestions. What makes this entertainment so much fun is that the movie gives you many obvious traces on the road, but it is not enough to provide you with an apodistic solution to the truth and lies that you have just walked through. I've seen this movie four times and every time it was because I want to see if there's anything else I can pick up, something I can understand. Being able to do your mind in the theater, in order to allow him to open up with new possibilities, something is rare in the film. All the so-called. "The Best Pictures of the Year" were good, but nothing spectacular. They lack substance. The nice mind was intriguing, but flat, Roial Tenenbaums was interesting, but uneven. Vanilla Ski is rare because it is a movie that fascinates you for more, but it guarantees you the pleasure of filming and those who took care of it. I know that this film got different comments, but I think those who do not like it do not understand it. It's what the movie should be. That's what your film should do. That should make you feel something. Most other films this year are just empty spaces. This is not. 10 out of 10 Best Movie of the Year. I would like this to be nominated for the best picture and I would like to see Cruz for the best actress, Diaz for best support, Cruise for the best actor and Jason Meves should be the shoes for the best supporting actor. And Cameron Crove should be there. None of this can happen, and that is a shame. This is a movie that should not be missed. And in the end, I'm quite sure that Mr. Crisak would love this movie, and maybe that's a movie that could answer his question. Can you prove that you are real? Or are we just the fruit of one's imagination? Are we artificially transplanted for someone else's entertainment? This is a movie that raises more questions than answers. I'm sure everything is fine with him. Open your eyes
