How strange is the human mind; this is the center of activity in which the perceptions of reality are formed and preserved, and in which the worldview relies on the fine-tuned brain function, this most delicate and complicated processor of all sensory things. And how much do we really know about his inner work, his depth or his capacity? What is it in the mind that allows us to distinguish between reality and sleep? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of reality is nothing more than the impression of what we actually see, such as looking at Monet's picture, in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality. It's a concept that Cameron Crove, a film maker, visited in his very imaginative Vanilla Ski film, starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits the publishing empire left by his father. His fifty-one percent of the controlling interests, however, made him something of a marked man, having seven members of his board, and each considers himself more valuable than the young Mr. Aames from the lion's share of the company. And instigating the fires of dissatisfaction is their perception that David lacks the focus the job requires. Well, David likes to play; however, he has control over the job and does what he considers appropriate, whether he or she does not like it (not referring to them as "The Seven Dwarfs"), and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly. However, during a sumptuous celebration of his birthday, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that seven are up to something behind. At that time, however, this is the last thing in David's mind; he had an occasional affair with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even it goes to the back burner when he meets a woman at his party so that he can not get out of the mind. Her name is Sophia (Penelope Cruz), and after knowing her only one night, she becomes a key part of his life - which will turn upside down, because in the morning after his party makes a decision that will change his life forever. He will just learn that sometimes there is simply no return. Director Cameron Crove has made and delivered much more than just one other movie; far more than a movie, 'Vanilla Ski' is a vision accomplished. Starting from the first images appearing on the screen, it presents a visually stunning experience that affects the eyes and the brain. It is a mystery that pierces the mind and which will swallow you and drive you away; emotionally, it's a rush - and it can exhaust you, because it takes a bit of effort to keep it. It's worth it. Think of the "Memento" with a rock sound for rock n 'roll and colorful paint attacks by the impressionist brush. There is darkness and light, and it sounds like a punch and drive until you feel the blood flowing through your veins and banging in your brain. And they all played on the landscape of virtual reality that swirled under that ever-expanding vanilla sky. Simply put, this is a real trip; It's exciting - and it's a mental error. In terms of performance here, those who can not pass through the thought of Tom Cruise as Maverick in the "Top Gun", or his Ethan Hunt in the "Mission Impossible," or to those who see it only as " movie star, "rather than as an actor, will have to rethink in the light of his work here. Because, like David Aames, Cruise gives the best performance of his career, one who needs to check all the doubts about his ability as an actor on the door. He has made several interesting career choices over the past few years, with films such as 'Magnolia' and 'Eies Vide Shut' just warming up for the very real and complex character he creates here. And give him credit for taking over the role that disperses every sense of vanity; This is Cruise, as you've never seen before. "Jerry Maguire" awarded him an Oscar nomination, and this should be the same - as the admiration and recognition of his peers. Cruise is not only good in this movie, it is remarkable. Penelope Cruz turns into an extraordinary, if not outstanding performance, as well as Sofia, the wife of David's dreams. She has an attractive innocence that brings in this role that works well for her character and makes her accessible and accessible, but she lacks any hint of mystery that may have added that special 'something extra' to that part. But Crowe knows how to get the best of his actors, and certainly with Cruz. He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely lively in the role of Julie. She never looked better, and she was pretty buzzing on the screen. But do not be mistaken, this is not part of the 'window' and Diaz brings a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance can be measured, in fact, in the impact it has with a fairly limited screen time. And that's the person who fully integrates with her innate beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable. All in all, a great deal Diaz. Supported composition includes Kurta Russella (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Tailor (Ed), Mel Thompson ('LE Man), Jean Carol (Voman and Nevyork) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). About half way, this can bring into question your own sense of reality; but be sure, by the end of `Vanilla Ski` everything will be revealed. It's a reality-bender, to be safe, and wild; but this is an exciting fun that offers a satisfying - and unique - experience that you must see to believe. This is the essential and absolute magic of movies. 10/10. <br /> <br />
