For one I really love this movie for some reason, I'll be late, but I want to touch why people do not like me. First, there are people who like to hate Thomas Cruise. I do not understand it really. Second, Cameron Crove, I think he successfully recorded two groups of filmmakers with this film. Optional, relaxed, "not wanting to think too much" a group of filmmakers remains confused when the plot lasts a complete 180 at the end of the movie. And deep, philosophical, mysterious fans were destroyed when Crove one of his characters fully explained the mystery. This is a good movie. And Tom Cruise does a very good job in it. I think that's probably his best performance than what I saw until I saw all of his films, or probably most of them. It is supported and good. Penelope Cruz gives a solid performance and Jason Lee enjoyed it. I like the story and I think that this is what Vanilla Ski is more than anything. It's a mystery, an adventure and a romantic comedy, but that's usually a good story. And there are many philosophical occasions, and many similar ideas and stories occur in historical philosophy. David Aames (Cruise) is a man who had everything he wanted, more or less lost, got another chance with catch to return it, and finally faced his demons and the full extent of what is happening, chooses the reality , simplicity and normality to see if he can finally find one thing he could never catch: happiness. Many were disappointed that Crove ultimately presented a complete mystery. I think it's necessary. The audience then finds out that David is aware of his circumstances and makes choice in the end even more powerful. And the music in the movie is great. It's probably what makes the movie more enjoyable. Especially, "Njosnavelin", Sigur Ros, an incredible song. All in all, I would give him 3 out of 4 stars. It's a movie with some content for those who like to think about everything, and a great story for those who want to relax. This "moderate" approach is probably the reason why people do not like him so much because it's not full of a mystery that has been revealed, or a full love story. Mixed and corresponds to different elements and genres.
