I really enjoyed this film because I have a huge interest in American history ... Antebellum and civil war in particular. Recently, I bought it from a video of the previously watched videos that were on sale at the supermarket and I was glad to add this to my video history collection. Although not from the caliber of civil war films such as "Glori" or "Gettysburg", it provides a lot of history about the fraternity before the civil war among the cadets in West Point. Perhaps they are gray uniforms, young or military discipline, but I am fascinated by the story of the cadet corps from about 1830 to the edge of the war. I suppose it was like sitting in a classroom with other young men, learning how to fight, and later putting lessons on use against their colleagues! In fact, there were two classes. graduated in 1861: one grade in May, the other in June. film does not mention this, except to mention Henry A. DuPont, the first graduate of the May Class; and George Caster, the last city of the June class. the reason for these two grades was not so much in the war, but it was a result of switching to a four-year study, after several years of experimenting with a five-year course (I think the first class was five years, the other four). While the film shows, cadets were like brothers and often had nicknames for each other ... George "Fanny" or "Autie" Custer; Alonzo "Lon" Cushing; James "Beauties" Stuart (for JEB Stuart, class 1854), etc. I say that this film is "Santa Fe Trail" as it was needed because it was a 1940 movie, while it's a nice, really stupid story. Cadets from several different classes graduate. JEB Stuart and George Custer were shown as best friends and simultaneously stopped the rebellion of John Brown from 1859 in Harper's Ferry. In fact, Stuart and Custer were never friends, but enemies during the war. They faced (for the first time, I think) in Gettysburg in 1863. (Stuart was on Harper's Raid ferry, but Custer was still a cadet at Point when it happened). "Fanny" Custer plays the role in "Class '61", although his classmates, Dev O'Neill and Shelby Peiton are fictional. I think they're based on Partridge Henry O'Rourke and John Pelham, two people you can look at. In any case, I really enjoy this movie or any movie that provides a window in the middle of the 19th century America.
