In an attempt to cash in the success of Universal's horror films, Majestic Pictures has hired a number of popular actors from the current genre and put them in this effort, which (in real terms) is not nearly as good. In addition, this is still worth the time of everybody, and it's very fun to watch and in my opinion it's better than most of what is today considered a horror! The story unfolds in the small German city of Klineschloss where the bodies are piled up completely exhausted with blood and with suspicious signs of stinging. Burgermister Gustav Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "It's Vampires," but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvin Douglas) thinks it's a crazy guy who's responsible and promises to catch him. ***** ALERT ***** Burgermeister and most of the city's people think that the local kook Herman Glieb (Dvight Frie) loves bats and often talks to them, the one they are looking for and they until he crashes to death in a cave. The person responsible for the murders is dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atvill), who created a new form of tissue mass that is fed by blood, and he does so by having some kind of mind control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who comes out at night to collect blood. Dr. Otto has a handsome assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fai Vrai) and a boring aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he was up to, but Karl eventually became suspicious when one of the murders took place after Herman's death. Frank R. Straier was never confused by being James Vhale, but he was a rather competent director who ultimately directed most of Blondie's films in that series and uses the same sets of the "Old Dark House" that were also shot in Universal. I am the first to admit that this film is occasionally clumsy, but it's virtually impossible to resist a movie that has such an acting role, including Frie who has largely worked on his Renfield role only this time he made friends with the sticks and hit them and held them in A pocket for keeping! One thing that just does not make sense is to control the mind by dr. Emil Otto has over because the film never explains this, and I had a strong feeling that this is some sort of nod "Cabinet of Dr. Caligari ", but on the other hand it is probably the weakest part of the script. There are a few other things I noticed, including the pursuit of Frieom to the great caves, which is an apparently early shot of the infamous Bronson canyon where many other films were made, She's a brown hair that's her real color. The true horror movie fans will appreciate this more than others, but I think this is a fun movie to watch for everyone and that it's an acting actress, because it's worth a look.
