This is one of the most impressive masterpieces of all time in my opinion, his thought-provoking, fun and sad with amazing performances all around! All the characters are beautiful, and the story is just brilliant! Plus, Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are just incredible in this! Ending is very powerful, but I will not spoil it for you, and I thought that the character's development is top-notch, plus you can really treat all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, because you'll get used to them !, plus I loved moving slowly, and I gave you the opportunity to get to know all the characters and what this is about. I can not believe this has only a score of 5.9 because it should be much bigger in my opinion, and it was fun to watch Randy Quaid in this type of role, plus this is extremely well written and made as well !. One scene that really brought me was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan) was completely embarrassed about her mother because she had fun, and the movie has many amazing moments! Plus the dialogue is especially great. This is one of the most insane masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), his thought-provoking, fun and sad with incredible performances all over the place, and I say Go right now! The direction is fantastic!. Adrian Line is doing a fantastic job here, with great work on the camera and keeping the movie at an amazingly amazing speed! The acting is incredible! Jodie Foster is really cute, and she is amazing as she always was! She was very cute, caring, she had a nice character, she was intense in some scenes, she was focused, and she and Cherie Currie were the heart of the movie as Jeanie and Annie ! (Foster Rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is very hot, and here she is incredible, I was really sorry about her character, because she had a very nice character who just needed help, she gave a powerful show and created an incredible character that was incredible! Scott Baio is as brilliant as Brad was really cute, and he did his job well. Randi Kuaid is great in his serious role, I was surprisingly pleased. Salli Kellerman is great as a mother I liked very much. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are as good as Madge and Deirdre, and they did what they had to do as well as the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role, because it was cool to see her, although there was not much. The rest of the actors are fine. All in all, go straight away, it's an underestimated masterpiece! ***** from 5
