Basically the same movie as "House Wax" - the first true horoscope of Vincent Price published last year - but seriously cares, because "Crazy Magician" offers as many steep excitations, wonderful periods, joyful 3 D effects, exalted acting performance and creepy chroric tricks as his predecessor! "Never change the winning team" is exactly what writer Crane Wilbur had to bear in mind when he wrote Price Character Don Gallico, another tortured soul obsessed with fate and vengeance against those who hurt him. Don Gallico is ready to perform his first illusionary performance as Galik the Great and plans to show the greatest magic trick in history; called "Girl and Buzz Sav". Galick's promising solo career was suddenly destroyed before he began when his previous employer, Ross Ormond, appeared on the stage and contracted him under his nose, stating that all Galik's inventions were the property of the company. The frivolous and merciless Ormond, who also robbed Galikov's once-beloved wife, is moving with a buzz and releasing him into the show of Gali's rival, Big Rinaldi. Inevitably Gallico snaps and sadistic butchers Ormond, or ?? is also a master of making disguises ?? renews the image of the victim and even begins a double life. "Crazy Magician" is a funny and completely unpretentious horror film in the style of Grand Guignol, with lots of incredibly complicated turns (the landlord turned out to be a brilliant criminal writer?) And a handful of fantastic grotesque moments (although they obviously remain suggestive for the greater part). The 3-D pleasure near the beginning of the film, like the io-player and the stupid tricks with water fountains, just serve as a filling time of the modern 50s, but it's still fun to watch even now and without the means to properly watch them. "Crazy Magician" is also interesting from the perspective of periodic placement, since events take place around the time when fingerprints began to be used as evidence, and the character of Alice Prentiss is an obvious reference to the well-known authors of that era. Needless to say, Vincent Price remains the absolute most basic element of the triumph in this film, as well as from almost all other horror films in which the legendary man ever acted. As no other actor could achieve, Price shows a tormented protagonist who gradually descends. continue to be in mental madness in such an indescribably enchanting way. You are pitying Don Gallica, but at the same time you are very scared of him. You support his evil acts of retaliation, but at the same time you realize that his murderous rampage must end in death. Vincent Price was simply a genius actor and, in my humble opinion, the embodiment of the horror genre.
