I will not lie. Despite the interesting look, I watched The Notorious Bettie Page, because I heard it (and that was pretty obvious only by looking at the synopsis or anything about the movie) that Gretchen Mol was naked. I've never been a fan of Mola, but I can not resist seeing an attractive woman pulling out her clothes. Yes, it can be distorted, but the theme is also ideally central to the core of the movie, and it helps the movie to be much stronger than it should be. Film Chronicle Bettie Page's (Mol) life from physical and sexually abused days as a kid in a high school in the south, and to her new life in New York. She wants to be an actress, but she also has to pay bills. After several seemingly innocent videos on the local beach, Page slowly becomes a sensation for modeling and quickly jumps from leading photographs to sexually provocative pin-up photos. I feel the shortness of the film (only over ninety minutes) and is a curse and a blessing for it. On the one hand, the film never stops being welcomed. So she gets to know the page in a few short minutes, then goes into a career modeling and does not look back. But that's a crap and a movie, because we never got a chance to figure out everything that's going on. She only jumps a bit between the shooting of the models and the controversies they create before she jumps right into the main Senate investigation that takes up much of the final act of the movie. You just sit there and try to drink everything, and it's just coming to you right now. It seems that the filmmakers wanted to squeeze too much material in a short film. It searches for longer sequences and searches for more even explanations. He does not feel hurt; Just does not feel it all there. Another little thing, though a bit more than curiosity, is the use of color throughout the film. Most of them are in black and white, but often sprays and color sequences appear. But, although this may have been done as a symbolic gesture early, it becomes somewhat distracting because it appears constantly later on before it turns to black and white. It becomes confusing and becomes more tedious interference than anything else while the film continues. Although it can be a bit crazy with the actions, the film stays dead with its themes. The page I know little about plays innocently, and her world is exactly the same. Apart from a few suspicious characters during teenage years, everyone they meet is innocent, and everything he does has innocence toward him. I never thought I would look at the complete frontal nudity as something other than vulgar and corrupted, but here, it's really something to admire. Suddenly she is beautiful and innocent. Even most sexually distorted moments in the film (although compared to today's standards) have an innocent and angelic feeling towards them. There is only one thing about the way Molino's naked body is shown that it's just hitting such a different chord than those in other films. She only feels so natural and so wonderful that if there is any reason to watch a movie, it would be to see the spectacular displays of the Molo Body while playing Betty Page. herself. As Page, it illustrates that southern white from the 1950s, everyone knows (or at least I can imagine). Despite her profession, she is still a normal person and still looks at herself as a religious person. Mol plays it precisely in the right amount of pure purity needed to make this figure feel authentic since the 1950s. It's a game with such a fact that it will be hard for you to think that Mol is actually Beta's side. completely overshadowed Molo's great performance. Neither of them does anything particularly favorable and none of them has the same power in their role as Mol. This is not actually a mistake of the actors, but rather of the fact that they do not have much to do. Many of them are completely recognizable, such as nominated for the Oscar David Strathairn (in a role that is a bit too close to one of his better performances), Sara Paulson (recent nomination for the Golden Globe for Studio 60 on Sunset Strip) and the visual actor Lily Tailor, but you it would be difficult to bring their effect to something other than fine. None of these characters are really developed, and they really stand as a cut of character that Mol moves around, while she wakes up in her brilliant performance. nudity, and for the excellent performance of Gretchen Mol Bettie Page. Everything else is a bit confused and inconvenient than it should be. If more work was done to develop the accompanying characters, and not just the explosion through the story, this film would be a much better biographical film. At the present moment, it is just a means for Mol to really rise to the stratosphere of popularity as an actress. 7/10.
