NATIONAL PAGE OF EDITORS Written by Marie Harron & Guinevere Turner Directed by: Mari Harron How do you define a person who has always been between the two worlds, one of the supposed sins and one of the alleged redemption? Especially when that person ultimately succumbed to a shared personality disorder in his last years, as if he wanted to show his own point. If you are the director of Mari Harron, you will not hesitate to show the nature of pushing / pulling the page NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE. You allow the person to move back and forth between the forgiveness of God's power and the church and the seductive illusion of control and domination that has been provided over the years as a pinup model. This gives the audience a complex character that moves by the desire to leave its difficult past by the naive enjoyment of the lust of others for her and the struggle to reconcile their image in the eyes of God. Come at the right time, it will no longer matter how much your eyes are on it, because there is only one pair that counts. NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a light, humorous comedy, which makes the film a pleasant experience, but also the one who entertains how seriously people believe in corruption (with some unnecessary color raffles), photographed mainly in black and white. pornography. But the delicate hand of the director feels more sensitive during the Page-time of despair. Harron is a sensitive, careful director who does not cast numerous and destructive blows into the face of his viewer. Instead, she allows the surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll, who plays the lead role, the opportunity to fear her eyes in the eyes of her spectator, her exhaustion and her shame on the skin. While most directors, perhaps most of the male directors, considered it necessary to show heroin in painful positions in order to connect the kind of crime that was inflicted upon her and where her life was taken away, Harron has too much sympathy for her character and her audience. From fragility, Page learns to trust people again and as more and more photographers fall in love with her image, she falls in love with their admiration and control over her eyes. By the time she moved her to the S & M soft empire, she found a way to combine her need to be honored with the objectification she had accustomed to her entire life. Mari Harron's Betti Page is a woman who craves for control of her life and destiny, but in the end she always says where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of her choices were her, she chooses to accept God and preach his word to those who will listen. The real sorrow behind this most important decision is that it still allows someone to blindly lead; she only believes that this direction will be better for her soul.
