Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (former lead singer of the first-class rock group The Runavais in her incredibly capable acting debut), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are equally persuasive, brilliant and touchy as the titular quartet, which are a solid-knit click of worried, fierce adolescent girls with careless, carefree, self-satisfied parents who are trying to grow up and take care of themselves in the rich San Fernando Valley in the suburbs of California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, dedication, and so on in adolescence when they are not fully prepared to fully take on the potentially adverse consequences of those decisions. Foster, who has so far given one of his most recognizable, influential and underrated performances, is basically the mother of the group that manages well-being both themselves and others; She is particularly worried about a good but reckless and self-destructive Kuria, whose unhurriedly hedonistic way of life made it possible to meet the untimely ending. This picture offers a sharp, insightful, often devastating and credible fundamentally absorbing examination of broken, dysfunctional families that exist just below the neatly arranged surface of the suburbs and the tragic net result of such families: severe, resistant but unhappy and vulnerable children who must face the temptations and troubles of growing up themselves, parents are either too ruthless or even non-existent. Adrian ("The Fatal Attraction", "The Jacobin Ladder") The Line direction is stern and cautious, while the Gerald Aires script is somewhat messy and vague, but generally still accurate in its sincere, decisive, unsentimental display of the nervous effort of its average kid. chaotic, charming and unpredictable everyday life. The soft, pink, almost pastoral cinema of Leon Bijou suggests a delicate and easily fragile sense of peace and innocence in the right way. Giorgio Moroder made an excellent performance, which is particularly effective in the elegance of Donne Summer "On the Radio". The top actor includes Salli Kellerman as Foster's neurotic, unsure mother, Scott Baio as a sweet skater, Randi Kuaid as Kagan's elderly boyfriend, British pop singer Adam Faith as Foster's father, and Lois. Smith as Kagan's frowning mother. In short, Robert Romanus (Mike Damone "Fast Times" in Richmond High) as one of Foster's silly ex-boyfriends and shamefuls, wears Laurent Dern as a disgusting party. Very authentic, amazing and deeply moving (Curly's dark ending fate is very heartbreaking), "Fox" is simply one of the most popular and lesser-valued teen films made in the early youth of the 80's.
