... but the mileage of a general cinema can differ in Mari's "American Psicho" Harron's stylized view of the American sexual psyche as seen through the lens of the immortal Queen Curve, Betty Page. I will not wear anyone to recite the iconic status of Miss Paige, a primary and proper student from Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York in the hope of being an actress and eventually becoming the Bondage Queen of the Universe. I will not even go through a hidden Bio-pic plot "Notorious Bettie Page," although I offer high praise to the technical aspects of the film (the sequence of animated magazines covers the springs immediately in mind), incorrect use of the weather camera, regardless. Finally, I will not speak about the timely application of the theme of innocence and perverts of film, freedom and control, sacred and secular; They are there to absorb the viewer if they want to. The more things change, the more they remain the same, as the saying says. What I will speak for a moment is the brilliant performance of Gretchen Mol as Bettie Page. It's true that Molo's face almost does not look like Beti, nor is it specifically built like Bethti (although only the fool would deny those beautiful breasts, not the fool, me!). She does not even deal with the thick, dark shrub that hide the most intimate charms of Mrs. Page, but the fact is that Mol essentially embodies Bettie's spirit in every way, form, and form. It is the "return" of the blade from the undeserved half-ambiguity. I've never met Miss Page (and unfortunately, I will never, most likely), but I devoured photos and videos, read all bios and interviews, purchased trading cards and other chances and goals and be honest, craving for Mrs. Page since I discovered it in her adolescence between the covers of dusty make-up magazines in the barber and five and ten cents. Mol perfectly captures the essence of a woman as I came to start, it is not intentional to say a sentence, in what I consider the Oscar a decent performance. Liv Tyler would never be able to fulfill Mol's great intensity of characterization for a million years, and I, for example, thank you for leaving the project. It's not that I care to see her naked, I hurried to add, but I can not imagine that her brand of sensuality would be translated into the innocent degradation of Betty Page. The Notary Bettie Page is "not for anyone, more than slavery and discipline." I suppose it will be better on the disc than in theaters, the legions of dedicated site lovers and curious ones will take care of it. just hope that the DVD will be full of Bettie's add-ons to show how untold the good work done by Mol. </ p> <p> <p> <p> Beyond that, the top hat on a fine backing, especially Lili Tailor and Chris Bauer like Paul and Irving Klav, whose business with celebrity photographs was Betty's entry into immortality. Last post mla home to the scribe who thought that Mrs Page had no impact on his generation: look at Madonna's cranberry and tell us Betty Page is, do you know it or not, the true godfather of the fetish. Without it, Madonna and her other relatives could not to exist.
