The movie can be a mirror to see the world in a new light. Good night and happiness, for example, offered parallels to modern courts - with no evidence or an indictment of freedom. It is easier to examine the moral problem when it is not too close to home: putting it in a fictional or historical context is removed from our current situation. With pornography, we think that we are "enlightened," and our ancestors are hidden by strange ideas - usually involving fire and sulfur, but the definition of what is obscene can easily become a prey of ignorance and non-scientific interpretation instead of evidence. Betty Page was a cult icon of the era, which included not only McCarthiism, but also the ban of comics (such as the Tales from Cripta) on the basis of turning young people into half-crazy juvenile delinquents. This film, arising from the key issues that have arisen in her life, poses the dilemmas that are relevant today since 1950. Our film opens with two key scenes. In the first, we see well-trained, reputable men looking at a bookstore. One of them searches for pictures of women in sink boots and restrained - then it turns out that a secret cop is stabbing. The second scene shows Betti Page, waiting to be called as a witness, quite shy, as if she had just left the church. The first 50 minutes are in black and white color. Old-fashioned cinematic effects such as handkerchiefs and paleoids add to the feeling that we are watching a film from the past years, as well as the actor's manicures, the skillfully reconstructed scenes from the 1950s, the contemporary slang phrase, and the rigid dialogue associated with filming the film period. Archival footage is often interspersed - that will delight many and irritate others. In keeping with its theme, the film is almost a collection of different types of photos-in the movement, and older clips of incredible beaches and sights oppose Bettie's good classical positions and return to the era of 'health and nature' magazine. . . Although I admit that if you are not trapped by the story, the effect may be a little aroused. Very quickly we will enter the flashback. Betty escaped from the years of depression, pushed her life in Nashville, revived only by church singing and saving soul, and she was going to make her own way. After her initial success, her work on modeling is divided into two parts: the main glamor work focuses on a smile through rainbow colors, as well as photographs of "special interest", including dressing in high heel boots and lightweight binding. In an earlier audition (reminiscent of the Naomi Watts scene in Mulholland Drive - also called Betty), she gives a performance that is full of emotions, contrasting with her normal animated, cheerful (but in the end mildly) day to day-day of expression . Is part of it still unfulfilled? Betty often refuses auditions when she realizes that she is a famous pin-up girl. But we never requested that we pity Bettie Page: her violent childhood is quickly referenced and skipped; when they rape four boys from their hometown, we see only a threat, and then Bettie recovers and survives, throws into abandoned forest land and dresses the brave face of someone who refuses to lie down and die. Even though it is not a nudity, these are Bettine special photos that ultimately cause troubles. When we return to court, the opinions of the priest about the corrupting influence of such photographs are taken as evidence. The psychologist authoritatively says that the photos lead to 'suicide, murder and psychosis' among young people who are exposed to them (probably not in that order). Finally, one of the witness's stars explains how his son's life ended up as a consequence of such photos - 'so' sputtered. It is not clear how to "connect" causes death). The text that follows a series of Betty's photographs in the journal tells how she was forced to suffer "horrible agonies" with fetish restrictions (the audience knows that she actually considered them pretty funny and that words such as the photos themselves were pure dramatization). After 12 hours of waiting, Bettie received a statement - she is the only person who can definitely say she has not been photographed in agony - will not be needed. The "horror" of photos is proven. If all of this sounds like the dark periods we left behind, think about the recent incident (2003) in which Ann Summers was banned. It is said: "For fashion and passion I'm going to your local store," with a photo of a woman's back. He wears a bra and a whip, and her hands are tied up with the cuffs behind her back. The company for the production of lingerie and sexual toys, which is aimed at women's consumers (and also supports charities that fight against domestic violence), says their ads are aimed at "giving women sexual assertiveness and always showing women in control their sexuality ". It could be concluded that the prejudices and ignorance of the Betty Page investigation continue to hold the currency. Betty's religious attitudes are an integral part of the story, just as the concept of sin is an integral part of Christianity and contributes to 'forbidden'. the nature of sexual pleasure is often prevalent in the United Kingdom and the United States - in contrast to the factual approach in continental Europe. It could be argued that the formulas of sin and redemption, and "rescue", are even reflected in mating patterns that maintain traditional male domination. A policeman making a friendly (but sexually motivated) access to Betty outside the courtroom offers to "save" him from loneliness. Knight-in-shining-armor can be knightly, but also presupposes a woman who needs salvation. I love or hate it, Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and extraordinary movie, and a call to a moral awakening for those who listened to it. Great acting in the ensemble, and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is extraordinary, because the whole movie thrives or falls on its powerful performance.
