First, I've heard great things about this movie, not just among the retro / vintage scenes and lovers in stockings that absolutely love Betty Page and have not disappointed. Filmed in a very pure black and white color with added color for key scenes, the film gives a documentary feeling to Early Life and Career Bettie Page. There are many things that I did not know about Page. First, there were gang rape, later, her early attempts to develop an acting career, then glamorous paintings, first with a camera that had people who could not get it, and later with Klavs, Paula and Irving, who, despite their connections and fetish photography came across extremely friendly and friendly people. If only the modern producers of pornography were such, perhaps better pornography would have been a consequence! In most cases, the film is not a drunkard against the evil of pornography, but an attempt to show what the environment was in the 50s for those who produce fetish and naked photos of women. This environment was extremely repressive, perhaps in a good way because it meant that there was not a single effect of saturation that we have today when it comes to pornography. It also seemed to be much sharper. The page comes as someone who enjoys her work and does not appear to be degraded by it. In many of her photos, she is seen tied and gagged (and trying to hold a conversation), whimpering in a whip, in this way exciting photographers taking her pictures and seeing in the 'initiation style' girls of bondage movies that look pretty brave with the hardcore stuff we have now. The page never became an actress, but an abandoned pinup when she was in the thirties for "Jesus Christ." Her belief in God and Jesus never disappears, even when she is tied and clogged, she still insists that God gave her "gift" to do "this thing." Looking at this film, I am more familiar with the page and with awe for its modesty, beliefs and behavior. It's unique, compared to the identical cloning blonde we have today and someone who can say "There is life after pornography."
