"The Notorious Bettie Page" (2005) Directed by: Marie Harron Cast: Gretchen Mol, Chris Bauer, Lily Tailor, Sarah Paulson, and David Strathairn> <br / > MPAA Rating: "R" (for nudity, sexual content, and some language) It seems as though every celebrity gets a biography about her life today. From Ria Charles to Johnny Cash, the biography is now very stylish. "Notorious Bettie Page" is the latest of these released on DVD. It represents Gretchen Mol as the most famous pin-up model in the world, Bettie Page and was shot mainly in black-and-white technique with certain color prints. Unlike "Rai", "Valk the Line" and "Finding Neverland", however, this film will not be the one to watch the Oscars this year. This film lacks the emotional resonance shown in other biographies, and most of the dramatic moments in Betty's life are either ignored or completely ignored. This, however, does not mean that this is a bad movie. In fact, "Notorious Bettie Page" is a completely fun and full movie - solid film work. This film focuses more on the exciting career Page and the thin line between sexuality and pornography. It's filmed with glow and care and the direction of Marie Harron records the look and feel of the time that most dreamers just dream of. Everyone knows Bettie Page (played by Mol). Do you know it as an icon or as an ordinary porn star? She is a woman who had a great influence on American culture by revealing more skin than it was considered appropriate at that particular time. Now most people are known as one of the first American sexual symbols - a legend for many models, especially for Plaiboi and other adult-oriented magazines. She lived at the time when she showed only a centimeter of meat under the rubble, someone could have arrested, and Photos of Freedom about bondage were just a matter of pushing the American public into a mess. In fact, the photos have launched a full-fledged Senate research on shared responsibility and the difference between harmless movies and pornography. Appearances in the Notorious Bettie Page are absolutely wonderful when Gretchen Mol stands out. Its performance as Bettie Page is simply brilliant. As far as I understand, when announced for the role, many people were skeptical. Her name is not what happens to me immediately when I think of great performances. Now it will. She was completely involved in the role and attracted me with her vulnerable and deeply appealing performance. David Strathairn is fresh from last year's Good Night and Happiness, in which he gave one of the best performances in 2005. Here, he gives another fine performance, although he is little underused. I was shocked that its screen was limited, but the quality over quantity is always the most important aspect of any good movie. The only performance I saw from Lily Tailor was in "The Haunting" (1999). While most people ignored the movie, I found it to be a pleasure, if not a shallow, horror movie, and I always thought Tailor was perfectly credible as Nell's emotionally upset. Here, Tailor gives another credible effect. It gives a very dull performance and provides a perfect performance to praise Gretchen Mol. After everything was said and done, I realized that "Notorious Bettie Page" can not be compared with other biopsies, such as "Finding Neverland" and "Valk the Line". This is incomparable to this, as it tells the story of a woman and her career, from beginning to end. Her personal life is briefly implied, but it is actually her influence on the world that becomes the culmination. We are watching the film knowing that Page Page 9 will finally be naked and to know what the impact will have to make its decisions, but rarely shows us the impact it will have on her personal life. She is a woman who never looked back and could always come up again. After all, she was a grown-up person who became a Christian missionary. This film does not dramatize anything. She could include the fictitious moments of Hysteria and pray for God to forgive her. She could show that Page run and screaming through the rain tried to escape the ghosts of her past, and yet not. "Notorious Bettie Page" tells a simple story and this is something that is rarely of today's standards. Fortunately, it's completely refreshing. The Final Thought: "Notorious Bettie Page" is a relaxing movie with absolutely incredible cinema.
