She is not Michael Jordan Think about all the amazing NBA players whose career is illuminated without any other good reason from the moment of their birth. Their names could easily be pulled from the lips of the public like Russell, Cousy, Bird, Magic, McHale, Oscar, Vilt, the list continues; but the volume drops a little, for Stokton and Malone, Charles, Patrick and all the other great players who have always lost titles for Michael. after covering an article on Vanity Faire in 1998, which predicted the inevitable superstar for Mrs. Mol. It was later said that it was too big. I do not agree. I still remember that I was some time after I saw '' Devil's Attorney '' '97. Or '98, was confused about what actress Mari Ann Lomak plays. Is Mol or Teron? Oh yes! Charlize Theron was in "2 Days in the Valley" and "Mighti Joe Ioung" and Gretchen Mol was in "Donnie Brasco", "Celebrate" and "Rounders". I saw the "Thirteenth Floor" (Mol) and "Sweet November" (Theron), I pretty much sorted them out, but I put them in the same drawer. They were both very talented, they had cute faces, similar body types, short blond hair and so on. Theron, however, offered more work. I loved her as Sara Deever, and as her Adele Invergordon her beauty was scary. Award for Best Actress. And deserved! Theron was Aileen Vuornos. The only way to get a better understanding of what Aileen Vuornos was doing was to repeat somehow a digital video trapped in Selby's head. And for a great talent to make it physically unattractive! Unheard of! In 2005, "The Notorious Bettie Page" was published. Mol performance was remarkable. Maybe she was in the shadow of Mrs. Theron. It was like a dance hall to celebrate the victory of the presidential candidate who lost, nobody came and no one cares. It is seen as a continuation of an old story, once-promising actresses with a downward career, who deals with the game "B" of the movie. Ho hum! No no no! Wrong! Regardless of what you think about the movie (and I'm enjoying the movies about the 50's) if you go through this one, you'll miss one of the best performances that year. Mrs Moll was as Betty as Mrs. Theron Aileen. Unfortunately, Aileen, for the film audience, is a more sympathetic figure. For any reason, an amateur, sociopathic killer is less embarrassing to us than a naive, unsophisticated, unconstrained, religious girl whose main criminal offense was to live her life completely reliably and completely exposed. Betty Page was one of the iconic fifties. Her photos and movies were never sexually, never pornographic, but she presented as a caricature of all things kinki. There was no sense of realism, only parody. Mrs. Moll grabbed the essence of character. She got 20 pounds to add something to her normal face and when she posed for various photographers in the film, her body was Bettie. Her complete lack of any inhibition accurately corresponds to what was published about Bettie. Kinematic nudity usually shows eroticism or sexuality. This film is about innocence. Seeing Gretchen / Bettie offer I do not want to want to jump, but I have set the desire to protect it from all the horrors that people can inflict on each other. If you download this movie, you will miss one of the best performances in recent years. By the way, shame on MPAA that gave R rating.
