For many years I know about Betty Page. Its soft-core pornographic images from the 1950s became iconographic and still have a strong image today. The appearance of "Bettie Page" is also still very popular within the heterophyten world and remains so characteristic as it was then. So I watched this movie with pretty little knowledge. The result did not disappoint. Among other things, it was very fun to see recreational films about real figures such as Irving Klav, John Villie and Bunny Ieager? today everyone is thinking about passers-by. Mari Harron has perfectly done the desired ambience of sexual repression and hypocrisy in America in the 1950s, along with sexuality that, according to today's standards, was innocent in extreme terms. I particularly liked the use of black and white in relation to color as a visual transcript for the emotional and spiritual climate in which Bett was found. I think that Gretchen Mol has perfectly presented the Beti figure in all its needs. innocent sexuality and all her extreme naivety. Betty liked to look beautiful, she liked the attention, did not see anything wrong with nudity, and enjoyed dressing himself in "stupid clothes" for the camera. Sexual sexuality and deep fetishist desires all evoked were completely lost. To this day, she still does not understand "what was all this noise" when it comes to her paintings or their contents. This does not mean that she is uneducated or that it is too simple to realize that she simply does not get "fetishism" and will never. There is no such evil. Betty Page is simply what it is. The movie captured it quite nicely. The social atmosphere of the fifties described by Mrs. Harron and she wrote along with Guinevere Turner makes me truly happy that I live in the days and years that I am working on. The hypocrisy and repression in combination with the mass ignorance of our sexuality is all linked to the scary dingy world. The film records this well and leads to cheering because Bettie endures all this with his unwavering faith and unchangeable naivety. This film was sometimes slow, but it hit all the points that Mrs. Harron tried to guess. Okay. I would recommend this film even for those who know little about who Bett Page and what kind of effect it has on American culture. For those with such interests, then this film had to be seen.
