Although The Notorious Bettie Page sounded good and fired, it was, at best, the version of Betti's biography. The film mainly focuses on her work with Irving and Paul Klav, a team of brothers and sisters who produced most of her most famous photographs. She did not describe her life after posing in detail, except for the religious revival. It says "The Real Bettie Page," by Richard Foster as a source, but ignores Bettina's later years of mental illness and mental illness. It can be discussed about the narrow focus of a biography, but most Betty fans and "civilians" will probably be more interested in her career in modeling, and that's what they get. The film is acting well, with Gretchen Mol faithfully reproducing the look of Bettie, as well as transmitting the sweetness that her photos echoed. The character plays pretty naively, probably as a by-product of the interview given by Bettie in recent years. It is more likely that Beti was aware of the nature of her photographs, but rationalized her as acting and costumes. Support is also remarkable, with Chris Bauer and Lily Tailor playing Irving and Paul Klav, and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film worsens with the image of John Villie, played by Jared Harris. John Villie had never met Bettie Page and was not involved in capturing photos with the Clauses. Harris plays Villiea as Peter O'Toole, in his disheveled state. Despite the quality of the acting, the film is somewhat disappointed in terms of depth. The story is quite superficial and we never feel we really know Bettie. Like her photos, it's just a picture. It tends to exaggerate Betta's note. Her photos are mostly seen in and around New York, on a very narrow market of underground and cult publications. Her true fame came after her photographs were printed in the late '70s and' 80s, and Cult Betty Page (as her name usually used) grew. Betty's greatest exposure (pardon) was in Plaiboi, appeared in a January 1955 release (a Christmas photo, set in the reverse direction of the movie). . She is able to maintain an interest to the end and displays many fine performances. She hits the tips of Beth's life, but ignores many details that would give her much more depth. The finish is lowered. It looks pretty fast. Still, the film is certainly worth watching everyone who is interested in Bettie, or even a time period. Soundtrack is great, really appealing to the audience in the 1950s. If nothing else, the film is an example of American lush sexuality and conflict with the Puritan past. It's also a look at the icon for both men and women.
