NOTORIOUS BETTY PAGE (2006) *** 1/2 Gretchen Mol, Lilly Tailor, Chris Bauer, Jared Harris, Sara Paulson, David Strathairn, Austin Pendleton, Norman Reedus, Dallas Roberts. Mol to shine as the legendary pin-up queen Bettie Page in a good biopic. Gretchen Mol is probably best known for being tense for several years as The Nekt-It-Girl before no one knew who she was, despite the infamous title story of Vanity Fair among other media dubbing, but despite the few roles that have appeared there and there, her predicted star has so far been less glittering. Here as the famous queen pin-up Betti Page, Gretchen Mol is really a great star in the ascent. Betty Page Tennessee was born raised as a God-fearing and family-oriented girl who seems to find herself is an unjustified object of lust and affection while she is aging. Rape in the gang that is being watched is wisely and not graphically depicted, nor did her subtle father's image have less than a decent design for her relatives, which is important to understand how he managed to escape possible nightlife for an actor's career upon returning to New York in the fifties when it was actually time and place to catch light in the bottle. What Page did not realize was that it would be exactly when it arrived. Beautiful blonde hair soul with a divine figure, the side is spotted on a Conei Island by a black cop. looking for a photograph that leads to her posing in the basement and ultimately at the studios of Irving Klaw (Bauer) and his sister Paula (Tailor) who satisfy their kitschy but consider pornographic photography as a unique clientele: types of fetish. Although the site is rather naive, she is undoubtedly smart and knows that her body is not a sin and that she can see the forest for the tree in the sense that she has control - or at least keeps what is offered to her - the work in it is not rude and she entertains in her less-gimped portraits-as long as the congressional hunt for witchcraft does not require several scapegoats to make pornographic images a crime. Talented director Mari Harron and her screenwriter Guinevere Turner ("American Psycho" and "I Shot And Andy Varhol") simplify biographical traps fairly neatly and maybe a little hasty in what really was Bettie Page, although they just show the era of intransigence in its peak. Many thanks to talented cameraman Mott Hopfel for his beautiful black and white paintings, as well as for colored segments of paint that resemble Douglas Sirk's films from that era for melodramatic kindness. Part of the feminist contract and part of the American dream filled the chugs story nicely along with the fine performances of her ensemble, including the comedic Bauer and Tailor as Brothers and Sisters in Smut and Harris, who had a field day as a fellow photo with a taste for wine and chatter. It's fun to see Strathairn in some kind of stuntman as a senator in a campaign of justice after he showed the bulldog Edward R. Murrow in his last excursion, "Good Night and Happiness", as the opposite of the role of the table. > But brilliantly, the fine talents of Mohle as the unassuming, but deeply moral and most important intelligent Bettie Page that allows her child like innocence to pass through her shy nakedness and now-considered-pit-and-strange-boundary-crocheted pose which has captured a male football for decades, and is still a hallmark of human sexuality in this country, and perhaps in the whole world. The mole is perfect and unusually resembles his portrait to her expert-teasing smile. The true Betty Page was allegedly not involved in the project, but apparently gave her blessing and continued to live a little lonely life that was conceived in the last moments of finding Jesus and avoiding her 'notorious' image once and for all. It's a pity that this movie unusually embraces strong jurisdiction spilled over his subject, radiant to see everyone in her naked shine.
