I had a vague idea of ​​who Betty Paige was, partly because of her appearance in the very small days of Plaiboi (apparently, when she took her photo and her Santa's hat, she only did not know what magic was). The film, co-author and directed by Marie Harron of American Psychology, sufficiently enriches the key parts of her life. The southern southern church of the guest house of the church has some bad experiences and leaves them looking for better weather in New York, where she enters the modeling, and hence much more. Soon, it becomes an underground pin-up sensation, with a link attributed to an obvious (and "notorious") title. Actress Gretchen Moll is showing, and lowering the spirit of this woman about as good as she could, which is really a great success of the film. It is not a simplified character, although its ideas about morality are sometimes questionable ("so Adam and Eve were naked, did not they?" She comments several times). Obviously, the film's authors omit the later years of Life's life and go with her in some sort of redemptive period, leaving behind photographs for Jesus. All in all, the Notre-Dame Betty Country is not much more than the kind of common bio-image presented to HBO films, although this time with the durability to produce a feature film. The best scenes Harron shoots are Page in her "suspicious" positions, getting her photos in the worst poses and acting in funny movies of whips and chains and leather uniforms. This adds a much-needed comic relief to the otherwise usual nature of the film. It is not that the story behind it is uninteresting, which involves a government investigation of the "smut" that emerged from such photographs and underground journals. But there is not much time to explore what is just hinted, with Page and its complexity or its connections, or by half and fifties. Everything was given in a really orderly black and white look, and it sometimes seemed as if Harron was advancing in some black and white photos to get more color. It's a previewed view if you're not too familiar with Bette Page, and probably for fans.
