"Notorious Bettie Page" refers to a woman who always wanted to be an actress, but she became one of the most famous girls in America's history. Betty Page was starring Gretchen Mol was one of the first sexual icons in America. Modeling model Bettie Page took part in the involvement of nudity and attachment that led to the US Senate investigation in the 1950s. Walking from the film, all I was thinking about was how far we got pornography from the 1950s. Now you can go online and find some of the most captivating and shocking images ever taken, that the footage in the "Notorious Bettie Page" looked almost childish and innocent. Most recordings, including attachment, did not contain nudity when Bettie Page was included, but today we have sick pictures where we can see women who have sex with animals. I found that the envelope may have been moved too far since the 1950s, because watching this film in terms of today's pornography, it was very tastefully made. To be honest, I was quite impressed with the "Notorious Bettie Page," I found that the movie was very well made and interesting. The movie is exactly what tells you to believe that there will be a very interesting look at one of the first female sexual icons in America. Gretchen Mol looks just like Bettie Page and gives a very nice performance. I also thought that the film, since the film was shot in black and white, made the film realistic, as it made viewers watch the film that emerged in the late fifties. The only objection to the movie was time, there seemed to be several scenes that were cut out and seemed to be a little shorter than they were supposed to be. I looked at this and it seems that it was cut out of the film for 10 minutes from his original performance at the Toronto Film Festival. And the ending was pretty pitiful, and I expected a little more than him or maybe a paragraph to get on the screen to tell the audience more about Betty Page's life, where the movie stopped. These are my only two complaints on film, except that the director was solid, the acting was great, especially Gretchen, and the writing was good. Mari Harron, who directed "American Psicho", which is one of my favorite films, is the director and writer of "Notorious Bettie Page." I feel that Maria is a very talented director who knows how to create an ambience and create great character-based films, because, like Psycho, Betty Page is a studios of character and excellent in that. Harron easily captures the 40s and 50s, as well as all the characters. She is a very talented director, which I hope will be there for many more years. Bottom line: "Notorious Bettie Page" is definitely worth a look. It's a very interesting story that shows how America, like the world, came in terms of pornography. The film also provides a fine performance by Gretchen Mol, which literally knocks out the role of Bettie Page on the head. And surpass it with a talented director who was able to capture the look and feel of the previous era and have a good movie on the hands. Unfortunately, this film will probably collapse because many other people who grew up in this period will not show interest in the film, but I think it's worth checking it out. MovieManMenzel's final score for "Notorious Bettie" Page is 8/10. It's an interesting study of one of the most famous pin up girls and sex icons in American history.
