If this film hits you (as we did and apparently others who come out of the theater) as disappointing skinny, it may be because the topic itself is a bit disappointing. The film was faithfully presented to Betty Page, as it probably was: playful, almost innocent from the rural south, whose career was the "queen of the universe" for her just a weird, natural party. Her possible moral suspicions, religious transformation and sudden departure from the naked and bonded models are biographically accurate, but difficult to understand since she was without care. There are many reasons to see this film, which is incredible incredible cinematography V. Mott Hopfel III (along with antique wipes and solvents), a faithful acting from the 1950s led by Marie Harron, top performances by some of our most underrated actors (including Chris Bauer, Lily Tailor, Sarah Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts, and Victor Slezac) , not to mention the Oscars of a valuable and technically difficult performance by Gretchen Mola. Ms. . Mol makes several scenes completely naked and most of the others in the amazing lingerie and "specialist" costumes (gloriously collected from costume designer John A. Dunn), but still impressively keeps Betti Page a strange pleasure in their lush body. To see Mrs. Mol as Mrs. Page, an ambitious actress, progressing through the degree of gradually less "bad" auditions and student scenes, she sees a true actress in full control of her craft. The scenario effectively brings us to America from the 1950s, where sexual abuse in childhood, abduction and rape without law, and the lawful suppression of porn brands that make today a ridiculous, pitiful, reality. New York from the 1950s evokes a record-breaking record. Miami from the 1950s revives in super-saturated color in style of 16mm. The true Bettie Page seems to be struggling, laughing and posing before us, yet the effect is unusually light, barely rude and not at all dangerous. How strange is that the biggest icon of slavery should not be so toxic. , and that this technically excellent biopic should have such a small sting.
