I liked it ... just that ... I liked it, not like an animated series ... I love it !!!. The fact that this is less attractive is that we all try to compare it and we do not appreciate it, but this cartoon was awesome, but it did not really appeal to it. There are too many people who say that Bruce is so cold, but if this is about 5 years later, anyone in a crime-fighting gang would get this angry and darker attitude, so for me it's not a disadvantage. Batgirl was terrible that she really fit, because Dick Graison is no longer a robber, a batman needed a good matchmaker, not a new robber, he's just a kid and you can not rely on the kid so much. But what failed: new art works ... it's not terrible, but ... it does not work for me in a series like a batman. This is a dark figure, with a maniac killer like a joker, so you can not put this kind of art into this cartoon. the one who appeared in the batman: the return of the joker), so this joker is not even close to such a good one. The good thing about the joker is that it still marks Hamilton's voice. My favorite character: Harlei Kuinn (in love for her) For her, they made a great episode: Mad Love (Best episode of this series). Here we finally know how she turned Harley Quinn, and how the joker distorted the mind, and felt the atmosphere you feel in an animated series, darker, without a happy ending, brutal battle with jokers (but too short), how to be a SVA series. But I generally did not like how Harley made her in this series ... in almost every episode they put on funny, but in a funny way, she struck, says nonsense, real flaws ... funny in some way you can laugh with her, not from her ... and they put it here funny (as I said the only episode I do not think is in crazy love and to keep the crazer). a good series, has highs and falls, the drawing can be better (MY GOOD !!! MAKE YOURS !!!!) beautiful sound effects, beautiful music, nice voices and beautiful episodes: my favorites, Mad love, Jokers millions, Old wound, Father's sins and cold comfort. If you enjoy Batman: TAS you can watch this, but not too much, on the other hand, if you did not watch TAS, watch this first and then watch TAS by the way you really love TAS: D
