Nev Batman Adventures (also called Gotham Knights) takes place 5 years after the final episodes of Batman: Animated Series (B: TAS) and broadcast only for 24 episodes. This is not a horrible show, but it's not as good as the original Batman animated series. I'll start with all the things I've discovered that are not very good. First, first, animation: long and sweet, Gotham is no longer dark, the sky is always light red and orange, B: TAS did it, but it is drawn on a dark palate, whether the color of the sky it was more evil, in this play, the color of the sky is too bright. It all looks like any other children's show and does not look unique as Batman: TAS did with its dark, cool art style in Gotham. Artistic style is fine, but it does not remind me of Batman anymore. Each character consists of the right lines, squares and triangles that make the characters less human. In the original series (B: TAS), the characters look more like drawn versions of real people. Animation can be more consistent here than in B: TAS, but definitely not so good. Next: some episodes look too dumbed and childish, but some topics are even stronger than B: TAS. (Tvo-Face are trying to kill Tim Drake / Robin 2, and some villains get pretty rough treatment). This brings me to my next point. Since this needs to happen in the future, as well as the latest episodes of the Batman Animated Universe, many villains fulfill their deaths or go on forever. Poison Ivi apparently drowned when a cruise ship explodes; Tvo-Face almost kills Penguin, Killer Croc, and himself, so he moved to Arkham forever; The Joker falls into the exhaust tower of the industrial plant (although it will later return to the Animation League series); Catwoman moves to France leaving Batman, etc. ... Just because the series ends does not mean that some great characters have to be solved! The wicked motives are pretty bad. There is none! In B: TAS, we find out that these villains are mentally tortured and that their lives are destroyed, so they act in the way they do it, in this show, villains merely commit crimes to advance in the story. It's as if Batman did not care to keep any sort of puzzling situation in the fighters, he just beat them senselessly. This Batman is a colder and worse version of the character, but since he has been doing this job for years, I see why he is so rough. Then, redesigned character models: they are horrible. Gordon fell by 100 pounds ... is he sick? Many criminals look like STUPID (Joker, Riddler, Catwoman, Mr Freeze, Mad Hatter and Killer Croc are among the LARGEST). Although I think some characters look better (Bane, Scarecrow, Batgirl). Harley is about the same, and Ivi (which is now even warmer) has pale green skin. While the series has many bugs, some episodes are great - Over the Edge, Mad Love, watch the creeps, In my opinion, my favorite are my favorite, night outings, old wounds, legends of the dark knight and never fear. All switches with Batman in the animated Superman series were excellent, too. The absolute worst part of this show is that creators say they like the animation of this series more than the original. On the DVD features of the original Batman animated series, they talk about how proud they are in the artistic style and how some characters have hardly animated, but ultimately succeeded (for example, the heavy animation required for animating Claiface). . On DVD features of Nev Batman Adventures, the creators basically say "This Hell in B: TAS, this is a fresh, new re-vamp, looks better and we love NEARLI RUINED SERIES!" (All right, that's exaggeration). When the creators rejected the incredible artistic style of B: TAS, which really aroused me! It's not a bad show, but I still do not like how much the original animated series. At least the show does not talk about its audience, so for that reason I continue to praise it. Although some of the episodes in this new series are fantastic and worth watching. Superman: Animated Series, and Justice League: Animated Series are great accompanying shows for Batman: Animated Series and The Batman Adventures, so give them an hour.
