This Shovtime movie really deserves a much better rating of 4.5; I gave her 10 based on the story and played two stars. After reading commentaries, I was surprised how many people expected this film to be a comedy. Yes, I see that IMDb lists him as a comedy / drama under the genre. That's certainly wrong, is not it? Luckily, I saw a movie before I logged in to this site, so I did not have such an expectation. Actually, based on the synopsis of what I heard, I fully expected it to be a Drama. I wonder if the disappointment was that it was not a funny movie that caused so many voices. Another factor that may have caused a low number of votes is that this film is very "characteristic". 'Driving Miss Daisi' is an example of another character film that comes to mind. Somebody's previous comment complained about a boring trial. Tom's working scenes (Danny Glover) seemed to distract from the real complication of the film. That is, as he initiated the ascending social ascent of his family - or his personal troops, if you will. However, they served to establish credibility and justification for his right to move to Greenwich and move to the world. Tom's obsession has become a coercion. He proved that he would stop at nothing to fit into the white neighborhood. His sadness when another black person moved into the neighborhood was not due to the color of the skin. It was because of everything that was "interconnected"; everything that Tom left. Basically, Tom became the Oreo Cookie: Black Outside, but White inside. The last 20 minutes of this film are among the most powerful written, directed and acting (Vhoopi Goldberg) I have ever had the pleasure to testify. I realized that the peak of the film was not an obvious event that happened in the neighborhood (I do not want to give it away). The peak is verbal and Vhoopi brings it. I still do not understand if it's a conversation when Tom informs Tom College. This is going to go, or when it's released, all this in the middle of the night, and Tom wakes up. Still, the breakup is great. You know that life on that street will never be the same. My favorite type of character movement: people are going through problems, pain, dancing, growing, changing and living. continues. As a member of the audience, I can learn something or be inspired.
