This movie will not be good with anyone, but that's a must. I'm glad someone finally opened it to discuss the reality. HOW they used Afro-American couples to make a name in communities and how many they felt trying to stay there like "other" Afro-Americans moved in. (Minor Spoilers) This little Shovtime movie is almost like Spike Lee Joint ... you have an Afro-American man (Danny Glover) who worked his way hard through the traditional white lawyer positions in the 1970's. Like any other American, he moved his family to be compatible with his mobile status upward, but he forgot, there were still many problems. The only Africans in the neighborhood at that time were maids. One owner of the house? Wow. Then it started to fit. His wife (Vhoopi Goldberg) was said to "turn on" so doing what all other women do in her neighborhood. And just when a man thinks he and his family are in, next to the door comes another Afro-American who entered because he won the "Lotto" (Mo'nikue), and in his eyes he does not want to do anything with them because he does not want the neighbor to think they are the same. He is, of course, a better caliber, his new neighbor is a "ghetto" and he should not be there! Who now has a problem? What this movie shows to you is the great effort that this family needs to fit in and how they get lost in that process. This raises the question of where racism begins ... and with whom. It shows how, regardless of color and how much money you have, you can still exclude yourself from the real world and help those around you. It also shows how these African-American children, when they "fit" into neighborhoods like these, fall into the trap to change to fit culture (along with blue hair and blue eyes, around you). They laugh together with jokes, not knowing they are a joke and they do not know why. But all in all, this film is about 'people'. No matter what kind of race you are, this film enters into how terrible it is to be towards a neighbor and one to the other ... all because of fitting ... all because you consider that you have more money than others, so it automatically makes you better - and forget about the struggles you've had and those that come after you. Again, NOT for all. But look and check for yourself. <br /> <br />
