Unless you were there, unfortunately, this film will be sympathetic to you. What, as I said, is a shame, because although some of the actors are amateur, it should have been for realism. Let's face it - in real life, we do not say things in a precise or perfect way, even when we intend to do it. In that sense, it works. This, however, does not apply to our "famous" actors in this film, especially Jodie Foster (born natural). The fact that the other three girls are not made just adds a story - Jodie plays a glue that struggles to keep her friendship close, even with an obvious sense of fatality. This means that no matter how close your friends are, in the end there are some people who just fade, no matter how you try. And there is the core of the movie. It's not about fun, it's not about sex, but about 4 girls and their last time as still young girls before they have to go around the world alone. If you have ever had such a friendship in your life, you will feel this movie - it will mean a lot to you, regardless of the age at which it was set, or at what time you grew up. We all knew these girls at school, or at least knew about them. We all knew a frustrated virgin, half wanting to keep up with their childhood and half wanting to desperately grow up and think they would do it for her. We all knew that boy who is crazy, a fashion plate whose talent covers his fear of the world, her fear of acceptance. We all knew a party girl, the one they whispered, with stories not only of her sad house life, but also of her notorious feats. And we all knew the "mother's figure", the little more realistic, a little more substantiated, a little sadder because she knew what would happen. Maybe you're one of those girls. Perhaps you, like me, were each at one time or another ... This movie really captures brittle times in life when they want, needs, pressures, femininity, childhood, the world, and loneliness are all embodied in the head of each woman, every factor on the edge. What aspect do you hold? What do you throw over the edge, no matter how you want to keep it? And how painful is goodbye to everything you know? This is what this film represents - it enters a woman while holding childhood, and how damn it is hard to continue walking. If you were there, you know ... and you love this movie, like me. Sick and gentle. A nice piece of captured femininity.
