As a low-budget enterprise in which filmmakers themselves produce and distribute the same DVDs, we may not need to expect too much from Broken-like discs. However, what is most striking about this achievement is the fact that this edition comes with enough add-ons for the shame of DVD James Cameron and a very fine presentation. that Broken comes with a non-amorphous transmission. Otherwise, the film is obtained in the original ratio of 1.85: 1, indicating that there are no technical defects and looks as expected. Indeed, given Ferrari's approaches to setting up this disc together you can guarantee such a fact. The same goes for soundtrack. We also offer DD2.0 and DD5.1 ​​mixes and while I am not sure which should be considered "original," the fact that Ferrari was involved in both ways should not be considered inferior. Indeed, although DD5.1 ​​can offer a more atmospheric viewing experience thanks to the way the result is used, both are equally fine and without technical defects. overwhelmed by them. Look at the sidebar on the right side of the screen and notice a number of comments, a variety of features and various galleries. Indeed, given the way in which everything is divided into smaller parts, and not composed in a long documentary, there is really little to discuss. "An anatomy of a stuntman" is, for example, exactly what he claims to be, and the same applies to other parts. As such we get coverage in almost every aspect of Broken pre-production, production and postproduction. And while it may have been desirable to find them in an easier, digestible 'make-up', in this way, we get easy access to any special features we want to see. From different pieces, then this may be just comments that require any discussion. Again, there is also predictable air for each of the songs for chatting. The one that includes actors is too humorous and does not take the movie too seriously. Ferrari's pieces are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing. And technical ones, however, are extremely technical. Of course, we also get a transition to what was covered somewhere else on discs, but only 19 minutes, none of these pieces leave their welcome. Indeed, all in all, a fine package of accessories.
