An independent feature can now be seen as a work of film art and as a video biography. Enter Broken, and aggressively promoted, twenty minutes short with style and enthusiasm. But is it a good movie, or just a demo piece? Ah, there is rubbing in the lie. Breaking the story of Bonnie Claiton who was abducted after a nightmare awake that is repeated one night "by a sadistic stranger and his colorful escort" (quotation from the video box)). Being held captive, it becomes apparent that her hijackers know things about her that she did not even know about herself. As they interrogated her, a black-haired soldier stepped into their hideout in an attempt to save her. Fortunately for us, the director Alek Ferrari seems to know what he is doing, or at least he is very good at acting. Faulty does not suffer from the lack of visual talent, which is especially praiseworthy in view of his budget and the inexperience of all involved. The one from which she suffers is bad and the type of derivative writing. Think Long Kiss Goodnight introduces Matrix, written ten minutes after reading the Fight Club. Good news for Ferrari and producer / writer Jorge Rodriguez is that the elements of the story are easily ignored for displaying sweets. Is the plot really so important in twenty minutes to show the technical skills of its creators? No, not really. Although it would be unfair to overlook any negative aspects in the light of the budget and the length of the movies. Broken is not a classic genre. The biggest problem was that it would actually function as a feature film. The final "tvist" does not get enough time to shock. If Ferrari was allowed the time to burn the shot slowly as needed, the element elements would look less random, and the film would be complete. Here's to know that he gets a chance. Audio Broken Dolby Digital 5.1 presentation is outstanding in the indie world. I've never heard such aggressive sounds of such a small character. The soundtrack inspired by the Matrix is ​​very rich and deep, the shots have a punch, and even the dialogue enters the surround effects. From everything that is presented on this disc, the sound is the one that boasts modern independent DVD production. Included is the equally impressive Dolby 2.0 surround sound, which is the default menu. Ektras There are literally hours of making functions that can be found on this disc. In fact, there are so many stats that it is unrealistic to list here and describe each of them, while I still expect my readers to continue reading. Regardless of all the flaws that exist, the DVD is unprecedented in its information resources. People who enjoyed the film can learn everything they can know about his production, including everything from conceptual art to promotional campaigns. Those who plan to make their own indie movie can learn everything they need to know from these options. The additions are divided into categorical menus. These are: pre-production, production, post-production, after a short, and cast the team's biography. From a critical point of view, I discovered that some of the sections were quite short. If they were edited in a single function by the menu, they would be less frustrating for navigation, since the curser is the default at the top of the selection with every return to the main menu. This, of course, is just a hassle, but my future tips for future DVD releases will be heart-wrenching. It has six sound reviews and hours of interviews and talented people, and despite the Consumers Store, their true colors shine. Readiness to share your secrets of filming with anyone who collects this DVD is pretty generous. From the add-ons, I found out what the editing software and effects are the most reliable and effective, which makes the camera the most professional look for the lowest price, even where cheap airborne soft weapons can be obtained. On top of that, I got a few alternative options, in case I was not able to find any product that is used in this particular production. Vannabe filmmakers who do not want to read a book on the subject, would look good on this DVD. potential and effort, because I would have scored 8 or 9 points in those fields. I recommend a DVD for its features and a perfect example of what can be done with just eight thousand dollars. Those who buy a DVD can consider themselves to be ghost manufacturers for a larger project, because as they get more attention, they will get more money.
