In my work, I occasionally contact independent filmmakers who are trying to publish their film. Whenever I can, I look at these low-budget films and often make me think that Hollywood's future goes to dogs. From time to time, however, there is a film that was born out of pure passion and desire, as if it was created to remind the film industry that good films are still possible. The short film BROKEN, directed by Alec Ferrari, is a real surprise and worthy of another view. Grab in just 20 minutes, and BROKEN is trying to tell an incredible (but surreal) story with almost back to do. The audience is placed in the middle of the action without knowing what is happening. The young woman (Samantha Jane Polai) wakes up to hear the shot and is later abducted from her home. When she wakes up, she is surrounded by a group of mercenaries who seem to be at home in a comic book. These nasty guys and girls are bigger than life. They are all weapons and knives. There is no exit. The strike here is that, although a low-budget movie, it does not play as one. From the very beginning, the feeling is that B R O K E N was shot, assembled and produced by professionals. It seems that something Quentin Tarantino could do on a day off when he disturbed Vachovski's brothers. The film is sharp and cool, looks good and looks like something great. The acting is much better than I usually see in these smaller films. Polai and Paul Gordon (who plays the killer, Duncan) are well-chosen. As two of the several voice roles in the film, they are wearing a movie. No special effects, no matter how good, would not save this movie from bad acting. Fortunately, Polai manages to pass true grief and Gordon manages to remain as a real psycho. It seems that some of the limited roles are filled with smaller talents, but it's hard to see. The bad side is that it's only 20 minutes. The story ends with a tvilight zone that seems a little fictitious and barely subtle. Looking at it, I felt like I should have some epiphany, but there was only the feeling that it was much more earthly than I was hoping to be. The film seeks to be one of those riddles that leaves the audience for hours at a local coffee shop, but it turns out to be unsatisfactory. I always think this is the first 20 minutes of a longer movie. MY RATING: 8 of 10.
