The name of the young lady is Bonnie (Polai). She is attractive, apparently living a fairly decent life, but suddenly unexplainedly abducted from her home and the lives of Evil Dude and Various and Sundri Evil Henchmen. Now she has no idea what the hell is going on, just that a bunch of people armed with teeth obviously wants her dead ... and she will die even without knowing why. God, I hear whining all the time. Now that content is so cheap for production and people can create their own movies / books / comics / internal organs, there will be no one who will ensure that there is a quality standard! We'll drown in shit! The only people who really think they are people who have not watched any movie or have recently read any book - because we are already working as a dead buoyant in shit. These are people like Ferrari and Rodriguez who lied to those ignorant by throwing $ 8K on a table and making ... well, what I would say is a better action than anything you saw in movie theaters ... but you did not see any action in the cinema this year. I saw the casino. You're staying in the crowd. You'd better get a copy of this, spend twenty minutes and have fun, and continue with your life. It's pure fun. You come in, like Bonnie, with many questions and where the whole thing is unclear. The whole idea has been done earlier in many ways, but not in such a compressed amount of time, and not without such a concentrated taste. You're here for the atmosphere, mystery and weapons. That's it - that's all that filmmakers promise, and they deliver. Heats the black hole of my heart to think it's made on such a budget. We got a good number of indie movies here, but rarely see something as polished as this one is short, and we never saw it being an action genre that looked so good. Damn, you could hand over these two guys to MI: 3 and that would attract me to watch it. Bond franchise. Hell, anything. No, in fact, even better: I'd like to see these guys make their own character and stay away from Hollywood. Whatever he's killing the film industry there is no doubt contagious. The best indie we've seen for a while and the most effective indie calling card we've ever seen. The DVD has $ 20 and has bonus features. Go and get a budget for the movie tickets and put it on it.
