After the fame of The Snares, it is unlikely that a further trip to Hanzo will be able to do anything better, and that does not disturb that expectation, but it's a good movie and it's nice to sit between a fun, yet messy first chapter. and great others in terms of quality and general entertainment. The script comes from Iasuzo Masumura and has parallels with The Snare, as well as the expected hi-gazes of Hanzo's film, but the film follows small changes to the formula by boosting humor that moves by character and gives the movie a clear, reflective edge. The film starts with Hanzos' assistants frightened by the spirit, and usually he immediately decides that he should have physical knowledge about that spirit. It turns out that the spirit serves as a guard for a hidden stolen coin and from this setting opens the story of theft, corruption and fraud, with the expected violent and crazy results. Shintaro Katsu is incredible as expected as Hanzo, who without difficulty comes as a deadly fighter and the sexual power of nature, is equally good at moments of knowing humor and a cute, almost ordinary gentleman at moments of drama, a beautifully rounded performance filled with social harmony and the touching edge of a personal feeling. Comedy is expected, and his moments with "Snake" Magobe may be the fun of the series, while his interactions with his servants are incredibly entertaining as always. Although properly loaded with nice moments, lots of action and a bit of distraction, the movie loses a bit from a relatively limited approach. There are nuances of both previous film, drawing, rhythm, and intelligence reminiscent of the Snares and when the film targets the sleeves, it is very good, with a powerful and exciting early sequence of tests. Likewise, director Ioshio Inoue represents a potentially bad scene in a more experimental way that Kanyi Misumi less well managed by working in the Svord Of Justice, with the consequences sometimes very beautiful, as with a man playing a melody on the corner, with close frames of his fingers unlocking him Wire as unknown, Hanzo plundering his wife, and sometimes weak, as with an orgy that is reduced to a pseudo-whirlpool of limbs in the movement, which seems confusing. Golotinje and bloodshed are generally diminished, which is a disadvantage, although there is little and one, a stronger approach would work better, it is definitely a type of film in which the most naked and unbridled nakedness and violence are the most appropriate. But even when it comes to less exploitative goods, this is still a fun thing, predictable moments are made with confidence and there is more than enough intrigue and excitement, even some effective surprises. It's a movie for fans who really play the works from the previous parts and they work sweet, if not spectacular. All in all, it's quite pleasant, if it is slightly damaged, the end of a wonderful trilogy, the second best of them and worth the attention of the enthusiasts of such things.
