Following the brilliant Goiokib (known as the "Hanzo The Razor", 1972) and his excellent (and even sleazier) sequel "Goiokib: Kamisori Hanzo Jigoku Zeme" (aka "Razor 2: Snare", 1973)) , this "Goiokib: Oni no Hanzo iavahada koban" aka. "Razor 3: Who Got The Gold" is the third, and unfortunately the final continuation of the terrible saga of the unsinkable samurai constituent Hanz Razor Itami (great Shintar Katsu) who fights against corruption with his fighting expertise. as well as his enormous sexual power. As a big cinema fan from the 70s that emerged in Nippon, "Svord Of Justice" became my favorite favorite, and that's why I am more than eager to find sequels, and full of expectations when I finally came across them recently. While this third Hanz film is not as brilliant as its predecessors, it is definitely another great piece of cult film that no Japanese cinema fan can miss. "Who got the gold" is a bit more tenuous than the two previous Hanza movies, but it's also brilliantly comic and grossly witty, and it starts immediately strangely strange: the film begins when Hanz's two assistants see the fish in a woman's spirit. Since he always wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo insists that his assistants lead him to the place of creation ... If this is not a promising start for a great film experience, I do not know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my favorite actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hansa, a role that seems to have been written specifically for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, a stubborn and fearless cop, who hates corruption and deliberately offends his superiors, and whose unique techniques of inquiry include the rape of suspected women. The investigated women immediately fall into the mind, because of his sexual power and the huge penis, which trains in a rather grotesque routine ritual. I will no longer talk about the action in the movie "Who Got Gold", but I can make sure it's cool as it sounds. Follow-up performances are also very good, and, like in the predecessors, there are many hilarious eccentric characters. This, unfortunately, is the last movie in the incredible 'Hanzo' series. If they still made 20 sequels, I would gladly watch them all! The entire Hanzo series is brilliant, and while this third part is slightly inferior to its predecessors, it is definitely a must for all lovers of cult film! Oh, how would I like them to make more extensions!
