The Hypothesis of the Will of the Will / Hypothesis of the stolen painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old, three-story Parisian residential building. Inside, we meet with a collector, an old man who apparently devoted his life to exploring the six famous existing paintings of an artist from the time of the impressionist, Tonnerre. The narrator recites various epigrams about art and painting, then goes into dialogue with the collector, who describes the pictures, shows them to us, tells us a little about the painter and the scandal that crashed him, and then tells us that he will show us something .. . While walking through the door, we enter the other world, or the worlds, or maybe we stretch to the limits of other possible worlds. The collector shows us through his apparently unlimited house, including a large garden full of trees with a hill; Within these borders, six images are revived, or halfway through to life as we pass through various tables and describes the possible meaning of every painting, work as a whole, the whole secrets of history behind pictures, scandals, people in pictures, a novel that may have inspired images . And so on, and so on. Each room, each description, leads us deeper into the maze, and all the time The Collector and The Narrator participate in their separate monoliths, very occasionally go into dialogue, but mostly remain separate and different. I watched this the other time, so bizarre and powerful and indescribable that he was, and so challenging to think or write. If I have any speculation about what all this adds, it would be a cunning satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. The indicator that can be found in two of the funniest and unexplainable scenes are those in which The Collector puts plastic figurines without sex - in another, he also looks at photographs of a recorded figure that reflects images on the pictures - - then goes through his collection, which is now partly composed of a version of characters in natural size. If we think too much about it and not only enjoy it, it all becomes just an impersonal plastic ... Have I come to certain conclusions about "L'Hypothese du tableau like" or not, I can Definitely to say that outside the early (and simultaneous) work of Peter Greene's "Walking Through H", I rarely was so enchanted with something so deep, so serious, so dense ... and in my heart, so dishonest and fun.
