This project was originally conceived as a movie version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! and it's not something new for Jai Chou, who debuted in the movie playing the character from another wild popular manga Initial D. Along the way, it was decided to insert some kung fu into the film, and therefore the title, even if the idea was not very original, with Shaolin football Stephen Chove who came up with a combination of martial arts and ball games. However, fortunately, those scenes where kung-fu really affected the games are kept to a minimum, and in Kung Fu Dunk, are really unnecessary because they do not add a lot to the plot, nor excited a lot of excitement, and most offered some cheap laughs and remembered the time when Stephen Chov used kung fu in football matches. Jai Chou is comfortable in his role as a martial artist Fang Shi-jie, since he did not fight for the first time using martial arts (The Damnation of the Golden Flower of anybody?), And under the guidance of Ching Siu-Tung, he was made to look really convincing he runs a countless gangster in the bar as he's seen in the trailer, just to let you know who the boss is. It was the reason why his character became a kung fu practitioner, and for the fact he gives him an excuse to be a top-shot, capable of firing on hoops from virtually any angle. And with Eric Tsang as a small crook Chen-Li, who sees his potential and becomes his agent, he joins the university to play university basketball, but not without the initial objection of Captain Ting-Vei (Chen Bo-Lin) and the Star team Xiao -lan (Baron Chen, in his debut on the big screen). But, you know that with team members on the same side, they can not soon join their forces to take on opponents in the basketball court. And I will get out of the door to say that this film is basketball and the goal was in football. Sport looked good because of its charismatic characters, despite the fact that so much cold and indifference were dripping on the roofs. Here, special effects and wired works were used to make the actors look like professionals who could draw the top side of the NBA league, and honestly, really looked stunning, especially when they imitated the different moves and performed the combination. walking thanks to technology and stunt work. In reality, kung fu elements do not have to be in the movie. Self-work on the stunt will be able to justify most of the moves because they are fairly grounded in reality, only you will have to suspend the belief that boys of average height have legs on their feet to jump to the height for professional dunk. It's a shame that the number of games was just a handful, with time spent on many sub-folds, but each was freely developed and came out of the story as and when they wanted it. Things like the abandoned quest for Shi-jie to use basketball matches so that parents can one day attend them, gangsterism is penetrating and affecting the games, and his love life with Charlene Choi in another role only looks to look like well, he did nothing else. Everyone behaves too cool, leaving little space for the main characters to add depth. One of the key issues here is the understanding of the importance of teamwork, not individual talent and capability, and it could be much more powerful if the players themselves interact more closely with the field than on it, and during the competition, in addition to high-fives and friendly pass. With a $ 10 million budget, it's easy to see where the money went - the effects, in particular, the massive fantasy series at the key point in the movie. It's completely flawless, nice to watch, and probably justified by its quality, but again I like to emphasize that even without these elements, basketball stops would still make it a decent movie with great basketball moves. And that Jai Chou game for your team is a great incentive for all hopes of success at the box office.
