Jai Chou plays orphaned in a kung-fu school, but he was thrown out of a corrupt director after fighting a bunch of bullies hired by a wicked villain. It happens after Eric Tsang, who sees potential money in the skills of a young man, has been deceived. Basketball was chosen as a riches avenue, and Tsang requested that he be given a place at the university team and promote him in the media. Overall success leads to a basketball championship and a really nasty rival team managed by the same evil villain. I assume that all this is a little Shaolin football, but not so strange or funny - the plot is pretty near the sports conventions, and it delivers all the elements that the public expects from placing. You've seen all of this before, but it's kind of things that never hurts to see again when it's done well. Fortunately, this is well done here (some might say "surprising" with Chu Ien-Ping in the director's chair ... I expect him to have good "assistants") - the script delivers and the presentation is smooth and elegant. Jai Chou remains rather impassive in everything, but this is his style, and when he allows emotions to blaze over him, he can be a pretty good comedy effect. Eric Tsang compensates with the larger character that he played many times (in real life, for example) that many movies get the most emotional moments. Since the movie revolves around basketball, it is good that the scores of basketball matches are appropriately excited. Actors show some real skill, including Chou, and some well-made wires and CGI add this element of hyper-real kung fu skills that make the scenes even more fun (assuming you like these things) and justifying the action / existence of a movie There is only one significant battle scene in the film, but it's a "one against many" do-it-yourself. It seems that Jai Chou works a lot of his moves, and is quite impressive - apparently quite strong and fast for real, and Ching Siu-Tung's choreography makes him look like a real martial artist. I wish it was more, but at least it's a long struggle. It was very kind of a Chinese New Year's blockbuster that I hoped to be from the trailer and recommended watching!
