SERIES 1 How Great Britain is eagerly awaiting the launch of the second series 'Lost', Series 1 (which just ended here) did not disappoint. A group of more than forty passengers is struggling to battle after their plane crashed into a deserted island. They are praying for salvation. However, as the days turn into weeks and survivors explore the rainforest surrounding them, they begin to wonder if they are alone. However, the series is difficult to maintain the pace after the explosion of pilot episodes, thrown into a group of polar bears, giant beastie and the ability of others on the island. However, the series manages to pick up after several episodes and is outstanding after the final episode. Perhaps the biggest thing about the 'Lost' is the fact that we are experiencing each character before a collision in a series of flashbacks. This gives us more insight and, therefore, more uncertainty and excitement as the events take place in the present. In the end, this performance is a remarkable combination of drama, uncertainty and supernatural; it is, quite simply, inevitable. SPOILERS FOR SEASON 1 NEXT SERIES 2 After the slider that was the end of the Series 1 of the "Lost", Series 2 begins with our protagonists enter deep into the heart of the phenomenon that is Hatch. They discover a mysterious man who has a job. In the meantime, Michael and Savier are struggling to cope with what happened on the raft. As the series progresses, viewers will not be able to get to turn off the TV, as each episode of the series contains more turns than the Curli-Vurli chocolate bar, one of which introduces a whole host of new characters. With each mystery that has been resolved with the 'Lost', it seems that five new ones are completely out of the woodwork. After the 974th turn of the series, the viewer finally became clear that it does not matter if the surviving plane crashes left the island. However, an amazing series of finals responds to just over half of these questions, despite their anti-climatic endings.
