The lost, probably the best series ever made. the story is smart and when answering all your questions, looking at one episode, another 100 is picked up. If you lose it can continue its magnificent ways, and not be overly subtracted, then the best concert ever will be merged. Those who survived the plane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world that has its own unique threats. after reading this your thinking how can it be interesting? and your answer, every season SO FAR has always been full of surprises, your constant testing of why this happened and what will happen every time, a very unexpected thing is happening and the story goes great SO FAR! The series just sucks you, it's terrible and very addictive, from great creators and directing to the magnificent performances of actors creates a very faithful story. He is simply lost, incredible, incredible, very fun, top-notch, that's the best on him. The lost rhythm is in all other shows due to shoots. And if he hates you or criticizes you, you do not know how to watch or watch a drama. The lost simply do not disappoint, you think the series that continues so long can not be better. But it is! It's just to run, it's something like that which you'd ever think. "Everything happens for a reason." And it's really shown in the series. In the end, you will reach the point where all the traces and everything that happened or ended up accumulate. You will feel and understand how the characters have changed and how and why everything is happening. 10 minutes of excitement: See something you did not see how it came, something that happened to a character or on an island. There's hope somewhere. You see a big craft that can or will change everything. You hear the noise of thought, wondering what will happen next. Your heart is knocking. 30 minutes of brilliance: you see flawless scenes, the building of tension, you hear the wonderful music of Michael Giacchin. You see great flashing, impressive acting. You see wit, cold atmosphere, which then turns into tension. Everybody has there to show that they are addicts, that they can not get enough, that they are diving every minute and that I can 'Wait for the next episode, Talk about 24/7. Both to me and to many others this series. Lost. When you begin to watch, you will not get enough. The creators did a flawless job. Lost is completely unique and original, you will not see anything similar. A smart idea of ​​"flashback and flashforward" and something big and different in each season is bullshit. Would you ever make a series like "LOST"? Something so interesting and something you will always remember. He simply stunned the world when it hit t.v. A new generation of drama / sci-fi. A moment of classics before he came to viewers. I'm sure you've all heard of lost and 5-star reviews, and your boring friend who will not stop talking about it, so how do you stop watching? Each episode leads to something new and just does not stop to be better and better, you are more interested as you go on, learn things that are on the island that you would not even think about. The characters begin to become very cute, and if your type of critics like to see Lost in detail, things like how relationships between characters develop and how to learn ways to look at and take on the challenges from the island. All together there is a great drama and a flawless series. I guess we all hope the lost will not have a fall in the episodes to come and go away ..... so if you do not look lost, read the comment from the top again and you should change your mind. It looks like believing, so you'll never know until you start watching. I recommend this masterpiece of the series: LOST !! start vatching !!! You did not see anything until you look LOST !!!
