While initially he was unwilling to jump on the bandwagon of watching "Lost," I accidentally caught one episode at the beginning of season 1, the one with a polar bear, and since then, she had my undivided attention. Emission, that is. Not a polar bear. So, carry me (heh) with me as I throw away as many nonsensical, semi-coherent praises as I can get. The "Lost" takes a simple idea of ​​a passenger flight full of people falling into the desert island, and gradually adds a remarkable depth to its premise exploring each character deeply and firmly, which drives them, who are they? Where do they come from? It soon becomes clear that the island on which they are stranded acts as a common denominator for many things in their lives, regardless of whether they flee from something (Savier and Kate among others) or come into contact with spirituality (Locke, Claire). But the "Lost" also zoom in on the island itself and the mysterious horrors it dominates ... and they all seem strangely connected. While television actors are not well known for their subtlety or the brilliance of acting skills, most actors of the "Lost" are, in fact, spectacular actors for their parts, projecting heart and humor in their performances. There is also a multitude of eyes, but not a Hollywood-type plastic like most TV shows. All the characters feel very real and are extremely tempting to watch. Their interactions rarely become prey of predictable delicacy, small arguments, or worthless melodrama (though they are boring secrets)? these people were primarily trying to survive and what kind of relationship seems to be treated as secondary to action. The realism of these characters makes it easy for a well-sculpted action. About this plot ... Imagine a tree as a template, then branches as sub-folds (in this case, one branch for each character) ?? Well, Lost adds twigs to each branch, and then small twigs for those twigs as well as other stories. If you are a sibling one of the main characters in flashback, you will get your story. If you are a dog, you will have your story. Unless the writers fail to translate them all into a glorious culmination in the end, they are set up. I am more than a little worried about being a little disappointing cop on this show, as I'm sure most people are. But assuming the writers are pulling it out, the "Lost" is probably the best show ever made by television. 9/10
