when he started working on this film when he was made in the summer of 1990. It was shot partially in the Biltmore estate in Asheville, NC and other parts of Winston-Salem. RJ Reinolds's massive offices have been used in several office studios and sites around the beautiful city known as the Toulouse Capital of the World, Winston Salem! I enjoyed my work, although it was extremely hard to work on setting up all sets like the Golf in Mexico where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went to the meeting. I also had a big hand in decorating a bar where Larry meets magical bartender Mr. Destiny. I put all these pictures on the wall of a sports hero and decorated that phone booth where Larry calls the telephone taxi. I even put a photo of my mothers in the height of my eyes to freeze her and show her when we watched her. I remember painting the grass in his old house with green color, because it first had to be shredded (it was a new house in new development and I presume that they rented it for a movie) .. then I had to cut that recently laid grass. to look nice ... a man who was heavy! As for the film, when we did it, we had no idea what it would be like, but after I saw it, I fell in love with it because it really tells the story of "what if" as good as I've ever seen, including that is a wonderful life. I cried so many times that I can not count. I had to meet the wonderful actor Michael Caine while I was shooting scenes at an old juvenile stadium where Larry's children's scenes were released and played. I remember that after he made it back to his trailer, I ran over him and asked him for the picture and he was quite kind and said "why not!" He is a good guy and a really natural and powerful actor. I can not say the same for Jim Belushi. He was so full of himself, he smoked big Cuban cigars and spoke loudly so everyone could hear every word in his ears. His career never took off, but recently had a decent TV career. I'd say you're watching this movie if you ever get a chance. It's wonderful and really honest and real. You can feel Larry's pain after he entered the new world given to him by Mr. Destiny after hitting Homer, and that he so wants people to believe that he is not the bad guy who everyone thinks he is. Everybody thinks it belongs in crazy! But in the end he wins people, but by then he wants his real life to return so badly, especially his beautiful wife, whom Linda Hamilton played so beautifully ... and he wants his dog back! See that.
