Mr. Destini - 3.5 / 5 Stars "Destini's" theme has been recycled from many films that stretch through different years. His theme ranges from recent gossip in such plots (see "Scrooged") to the same, more serious and dramatic concept that he worked in "It's a wonderful life", and a century earlier in the story of Scrooge, as Charles Dickens says "Christmas Songs . " "This involves an ungrateful man who takes a tour of his life and testifies how his life could be (or could be) first-hand. In most of these types of films, the Angel Guard saves a man from ungratefulness and he shows his life in retrospect, or how it could have been. It was necessary, it would have been. In this case, we are shown businessman Larry (James Belushi) who hates his life. He lives with his unpleasant husband (Linda Hamilton) and longs for a bigger life with If he only hit the ball at the national championship in high school before the higher He is convinced that his life would be better. He remembers this seemingly small moment of his life because he had a great influence on his subconscious side, but I doubt that the grown man would crave for one single act from high school. However, this works in In any case, Larry returns home from work one night, where he is with a climber and Jon Lovitz. The car breaks down. He enters the bar in search of a phone, and he reluctantly decides to tell the bartender (Michael Caine) about the way in which his life ends. We saw him here for the first time remembering his baseball in childhood. Barmen listens and nods, obviously not worrying about any other clients. This is probably due to the fact that, at least, although old and subdued, he seems to have never been taken by the living people except these two men. In fact, Larry even comments that he has never seen a bar before. This is probably for some reason that the audience is expecting before Larry. So, the bartender, who could also be an incarnated angel of God, just like Clarence, corrects Larry as his special drink, which ends with putting Larry's life on the other side, showing him what life would be for him It's like he hit the home race all those years before. But Larry has no idea what kind of change in the beginning, just as Jimmy Stevart did not realize that Clarence erased his life until he went to the bar and kicked him out Larry continues to be unaware of any change until he goes home. I see that lawn is different outside , and the great man of the wretched guy who takes his home. Lari soon learns that his life is really different that he hit his home ride. Instead of marrying Linda Hamilton, Rene Russo married and moved to a big house with children. He learns that Jon Lovitz is no longer his friend, but his workman. The most surprising fact is that his new life, which Larry always wanted ... found his old wife, Linda Hamilton; evidence that sometimes money and a shining, but shallow woman do not do everything in the life of a man, as intelligent women and love and true happiness. Just as "It's a wonderful life" has shown the audience that man's life is what he is doing, and that every person has an impact on people, "The Lord of Destiny" shows us that material wealth is not the same as spiritual wealth, the lesson taught us over and over again, but it was never so fluffy, forgetful and really cute as it was shown to us in Mr. Destini. " "The Lord of Destiny" is never very hilarious, but it's a sweet, benign comedy that is not taken too seriously. The problem with all the "Wonderful Life" that goes back there, such as "Family Man", is that they are trying to be influential and memorable, such as "It's a Wonderful Life". But only so many times you can unlock the movie yourself, and "Mr. Destini" knows this and plays the right to the fact. He does not try to be anything that is not; it's something she did not try to be, which is obvious to the audience. <br /> <br />
