Although the original version of 1932, with Preston Foster, was good, there is no remake that is more valuable than this 1959, or it's impossible to find anywhere, just as I suspect Mickey Rooney had something to do with it. Never has a single performance ever been so brilliant as a master, or a more challenging script, and an improvement on the original. Many years after the last of my few previews of this film, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney spoke of a visit to the death penalty, and which obviously drastically eliminated any sense of personal identification. I felt with people in similar circumstances. The article was short as the main character here, and it did not cover much, except to what extent his pronounced disappointment with the quality of the prisoners themselves was emphasized, even in a language that I would not want to explicitly cite here. . . . . One of my main problems with the death penalty is that, of course, it is not evenly, impartially applied, just as many innocent people are too careless, so they are unnecessarily addressed to fulfill this fate. Another problem that I have with this is that it does not apply fast enough, or, in that case, not even enough publicly! In such cases, the Bible is a special point about one of the more important goals of such a scary, inefficiently blurred, negative, not only public view, but also direct participation of all! As for those who claim to statistically prove that this is not an effective deterrent? In addition to having a problem with the reliability of their data, I have few, if at all objective, doubts that many behind bars are now to the extent that such intimidation is missing. However, I have a problem with the fact that Robert Duvall, in the Apostle, was generally punished for his special "crimes", or that the sole hope of gentleness for one as he had to be based on the defense of "temporary madness" as if it were the only acceptable excuse in his case. . . . In addition to a variety of other questions about the motive of Mickey Rooney for this visit he has told, as well as the answers I can only guess, I suppose the principal was extremely religious in nature. I do not know exactly when he became a Christian who confessed him; now it makes him a special point, whenever possible, to emphasize that he is; But, as anyone should be aware, this particular category of people tends to be the most hygienic to blood when it comes to extracting an eye for the eye. However, I have no specific claim on this, as there is no doubt, in writing, that not all, and possibly the majority, will be saved the same final destinies, in the hands of the Lord himself, as a result of his sacrifice on the cross. However, for me, there is a problem with the spirit or attitude that most Christians who profess to emphasize their enthusiasm for the death penalty; because, contrary to the Lord Himself, who would like to save everyone (Ezekiel 18:32) (2 Peter 3: 9), it seems that they go exterminatingly in order to find the reasons for condemnation! . . . What most people, on both sides of this superlative issue, seem to be unable to appreciate enough, is that the Lord is so dynamically and elusively soft in nature as He is difficult. It seems that the two sides of His nature are so inherently incompatible that they make him mentally disturbed, at least by any strictly human account. However, no matter how wondrously dynamic the connection between water and oil in His nature is surely elusive, there is no doubt that everything that is short or anything fanatical and characteristic on one or the other side of this equation falls inadequately and unacceptably lacks the whole judicial truth. Indeed, I have seen the bloodiest thirst for the same, sufficiently contradictory, in many cases, whenever the categorical opponents of the death penalty are confronted, even in the most balanced, with the fact that, although the Lord died for all, they will not be saved. After all, in order to receive forgiveness, a man must repeat the same term, reach out and receive it, that is, repent (Luke 13: 3-5). Does anything make sense? . . . But then, what is with the Lord's command to forgive, even in the case of the enemy, those who despise and persecute you without just cause or provocation? One of the prevailing difficulties with this type of sentimentality, as it is popularly misinterpreted, is the way in which it blurs, it greatly simplifies the true meaning of forgiveness. The act of forgiveness does not in itself mean the same as the unconditional justification of the one to whom it is forgiven. When we take an obviously sober, rationally balanced view here, from the perspective of God's own attitude, all this in fact means that it is a gloomy desire that the one who is forgiven is eventually able to find his way, seeing the light, and to grant it. grace. This attitude, of course, is quite the opposite of, say, that Jone, who actually displeased him when God told him that his preaching to the Ninevites would result in their repentance. Jonah did not want to repent, but they vengefully wanted to be destroyed. How self-righteous, cold-blooded like most Christians confessing was, except that even his reasons were undoubtedly better than the majority! I envy Joni almost as much to me! However, without the repentance of the one for whom he is forgiven, any forgiveness that he can receive from a true Christian will not help him. In such a case, the only one who benefits is a true Christian!
