In New York there is one man above all others, probably an immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordred is the sworn protector of mankind, using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival, Kabbalah, bound so that he can not enslave the human race. Well, do not you know? Prophecy is accomplished and the Kabal is released, and begins to collect elements (including platinum and uranium) for its alchemical experiments. With the help of a policeman named Sam, could Mordred defeat his brother's evil brother? "Dr. Mordridge" comes with me from Charles Band in the Full Moon Archive collection. I have not heard of it, which is a bit strange since I am a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordree) and the film is not so old. But now it's mine and I can enjoy it again and again. The film is certainly fun in the classic Full Moon style. Richard Band provides music (which does not differ much from all his other results) and Brian Thompson plays evil Kabal. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What more do you want? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt that a large part of the film was a crack of comic book Dr. Strange. And the blue suit was silly. And the holes on the land are everywhere (I could list at least five, but why bother). And why does the ancient symbol of Mordred and Kabal look suspicious as a hammer and a sickle? Combs has never been a strong actor, so it fits well into cheese. These are not complaints. Full Moon lovers came to expect these things and devoured them as a hazel. I'm guilty ... I loved this movie. If you are not a fan of the full moon, or Jeffrey Combs fan ... you might want to look somewhere else. But if you like the style of filming movies in the early nineties and hairstyle, you will eat this. Fans of Stallone and Schwarzenegger would like to see Brian Thompson as a criminal, who seems to have never been able to pronounce English over the third grade. I did. I would like to have "Mordree II", but the company that makes the sequel practically everything (is "Gingerdead Man 3" really necessary?) Has passed on this.
