I really enjoyed "Doctor Mordrid". This is a low-budget movie, which may be disgusting for some, but I have no problem with it. I admire this even more because of this, since it is ALWAYS more fun than what Hollivood comes out every year. It's a shame that this did not get a theater release; I do not know about anyone else, but I would go to see him in the movies. "Doctor Mordred" is a very fun science fiction movie where everyone can enjoy, especially if it's in a science fiction movie like me. I do not see why this is R-film; only one f-word is said, and there are no horrible scenarios of death, nor does it have any blood at all. Timeless rivalry between the wizards of Anton and Kabbalah (Anton wanted to use his power to save the human race while Kabal wanted to rob them), he gave the story of a spell, while the mythic line added charm to this story. Basically, this movie is just fun to watch. However, there is an unusually funny thing in this movie: watch Jeffrey Combus holding his right face while wearing that stupid blue robe and suit. It makes me laugh every time I see it. But I deviate ... In any case, the acting is excellent; the main protagonists (Anton, and his friend, Samantha) are very sympathetic; Anton is sympathetic and hospitable, and Samantha is friendly. Plus, the settings were wonderful. The floating island in the second dimension was very cold; We only got insight into it twice; It would be great to see more scenes here. The main environment was also very neat; Anton's apartment is very spacious and has some cool devices, especially a surveillance system that uses it to track the world's phenomena. He even has a pet lover who is in a flat named Edgar. All in all, this is a great movie; It was fun to watch, and the main players have put a lot of feelings into their roles. If you find anywhere you rent 'Doctor Mordrid', you should rent it (or, in my case, buy it. That was definitely a well-spent money)! My Rating: 8 stars out of ten. <br /> <br />
