I must admit that Holly was not on my list for watching the Edinburgh Film Festival. However, after the artistic director of the festival specifically recommended this film to an audience of over 200 people before showing another movie, I decided to look at it. Wow! This film deals with the very difficult issue of child prostitution and it does not make any compromise. Several times I found myself in the movie and laughed at others. Talking about an emotional slide. The main actor (Thui Nguien) is a Vietnamese novice (who was only 14 at the time of the shooting) and had to deal with this incredibly complicated and difficult role. She reminded me of Keisha Castle-Hughes from the Vhale Rider, but the role here is much more demanding because she has to play a child prostitute. Chances are that they will win numerous awards. The main story is about a girl whom the family sold to prostitution and held as slaves in a brothel in Cambodia. He meets the American (played by Ron Livingston in a powerful dramatic role we are not used to seeing from him), who after spending some time with her decides to help her. However, by that moment, she was resold and is searching for her in Cambodia. The story turns, and the audience can never predict what will happen again. The acting was strong on all sides with very interesting international actors. Udo Kier (very persuasive as a sex traveler), Virgine Ledoien (moving as a social worker) and Chris Penn (one of his latest films). Asian actors were also great. Although the film deals with this difficult topic, it successfully focuses on the story of a powerful, powerful story. It was shot in Cambodia (some scenes in real brothels), which adds the feeling that you're almost watching a documentary. It looks like the DP used a lot of handheld cameras and big plans, and it's all made it feel like you're here as part of a story. After projection, I listened to others when they left, it seemed that everyone was stunned. This is not an easy movie to watch, and I salute filmmakers who did not record "Hollivood Film". It's by far the best movie I've ever seen at the Edinburgh Film Festival. The opinion divides my husband and several other friends.
