The movie "Holly" is a story about a young girl sold by her poor family and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous "K11" village of red light. In the movie, Holly is waiting to be sold to a premium for her virginity when she meets Patrick, who loses money and friends through gambling and bar fight. Patrick and Holly have a direct relationship because of their "stubbornness," but it's all disturbed when Holly sells the merchant and disappears. As film viewers, then we are pulled into Patrick's quest to find Holly again. Holly then shows his willingness to leave this lifestyle, but his confusion about what is right and what is not. "Holly" takes us through the beautiful and rough Cambodia while we discover that HOLLY is not just one girl. It is the voice of millions of children who are exploited each year and violate without rights and protection. Holly is less extreme than it might suggest, such as documentary films involving four-year-olds and sex trafficking, but it is able to illuminate the Cambodian / Vietnamese trafficking of children into prostitution. It is a shocking story that helps to illuminate the terrible situation in which many children face and their struggle to believe and understand what is right and wrong. Patrick, an antagonist of the movie, is an American merchant with stolen artifacts who also lose money and friends while playing cards and entering the bars. While on the road, his motorcycle runs out of fuel, so he is forced to rent a room in a brothel. During her stay, she encounters Hola, a twelve-year-old girl who was sold by her parents and was abducted into slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick start a friendship of trust and understanding. He reveals a smart, stubborn girl below the traumatized exterior and becomes determined to save her - although their strictly Platonic relationship is misinterpreted by almost everyone they meet. When she suddenly fades, he moves on the road to find her, not to think if she can really help her. Holly is able to escape on the way to another brothel when he jumps out of the truck. and runs into a field filled with mines. The mine started off with a cow, and the truck driver thinks she is dead, so Holi is left alone. During Patrick's journey to find Holly, he met a social worker who is trying to portray him and share the facts with him that haunts the Cambodian region. The idea of ​​paying for her freedom only stimulates the demand, she explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - the next year could be 60,000. "I'm not trying to save 60,000," she says, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick reveals that the idea of ​​how to take him to safety is quickly put to rest when the social worker says that the US will not allow him to adopt it and, although it takes five minutes to "save" the child, it takes five years to reintegrate in society. Patrick is not hit by information and continues his search for Holly. Then the audience shows that Holly arrives to a small town and looks for food for other homeless people. Then he interacts with a local policeman who appears to be a little better than the badger criminals when they are sold in another brothel, and then make a deal with a Vietnamese businessman who then takes innocence. Then Holly thinks that this is her fate, and when Patrick finally finds out, she is ready to "ium ium" and "boom boom" of her distant friend. Patrick is completely confused by this change in behavior, but he does not shy away from his plan to take her away from this world. In the end she was stolen and brought to a safe country in the comfort of the social worker. Holly gets fresh clothes, if she is fed and brought to dance classes, but she is forbidden to see Patrick. This intense desire to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship, she escapes from a safe home and returns to the streets of Cambodia. Meanwhile, Patrick is engaged in the decision to leave the country and escape or stay in Cambodia. His thoughts are still returning to the Holi and during the visit to the bar; An older man sees a picture he holds and comments on his sexual appetite when he had sex with her. It angered Patrick and he hit a man and ran out of the bar. In the end, the police caught Patrick in the eyes of Holly, who was behind the pole. The Holly movie may force the audience to donate money to organizations that improve life for these poor young people, and even campaigns to reduce the number of brothels in the region, but the dramatic weaknesses of the film can reduce his chances of seeing them enough people to make a difference. All in all, I think the concept is better than a documentary and it was not as touching as a movie. The actors have done a great job showing their raw emotion and the real confusion of young people who are affected by this lifestyle, but ultimately, the brutal lifestyle of the region and the desperate images of parents selling their children to sustain their own hunger does nothing to help the children situations.
