After I enjoy this show for years, I dream that I can see them again and share with my grandchildren. I'm so glad to pay a small sum for the memories I found recorded on a DVD. Florida was a caring mother with a husband who likes to work, one spoiled daughter and two sons different as day and night. Michael, the baby is a freelance, and JJ is a clown. I know that many Afro-Americans loved this show, but I know that many can relate and should have accepted it as it was. My heart was sad when I learned that Esther Rolle had passed. Tyler Perry is now the leading writer of today's writer and I support his work, but not as much as Rolle was so cruel in one of his plays. No one should hear bad things about physical appearance. The show began to be less interesting when Daddy James died. He picked up a little when Florida got married again, but fell when she was out of the show. All in all, the show was great and I'm happy to have copies of a part of my past. I am trying to follow the work of the former Good Times stars, and I must say, they are one group that has not been erased by rumors. I think kids today will enjoy this show and I have no problem to sit and watch with children. I congratulate the writer, the crew and the stars for the years of remembrance of memories I can enjoy once more without having to skip the scene. Okay, I watch the broadcasts over and over again. Lately I noticed something that made me think again about the series, but I do not like them. I think Florida was a bit rough when it comes to money the kids made. It was not that children did not need supervision, but it was done in a way that makes Florida motherhood different. I am now bothered by the scenes where Florida had to talk about how other people were not very good. When James was alive, the show made a big deal from James, who wanted his own Fik-it store, but he never lived to see his family from projects, but Florida marries someone who owns a repair shop. A bit of a pitcher in the face of an actor who was supposed to finish his time in good times, showing that he had accomplished everything he was advocating for. Finally, as I watch the shows, I see the series enter the extensions and renamed "JJ". To be honest, after James left everything that was mostly around JJ. It's not a bad thing, just a notable thing. I would not change my DVDs for any amount of money, but time, maturity and experience began to run your eyes after a while.
