Like The Jeffersons, The Good Times was one of those classic American comedies never broadcast in the UK, not to mention it came out in the 1970s - a decade in which I was not yet born. But, like most of the show fans, I watched several episodes on Iou Tube, and after that I loved it. they get acquainted and who, despite the lack of qualifications, encourage their children, who have their lifelong aspirations to fulfill them and take advantage of their chances. James was strict, but loving father, who dared not hesitate to discipline J.J., Michael and Thelma - if they overstated. While Florida, on the contrary, was a righteous, cordial and cautious mother and woman who loved her, although she was in many ways similar to James, as far as their attitudes toward parenting and family values ​​from the Afro-American perspective were concerned. The kids were just as vibrant and fun as the parents themselves: JJ was an ambitious artist with a stupid personality and crazy sense of humor, who often wore multi-colored clothes, whose DI-NO-MITE phase is contagious and known as Arnold Jackson's "Vhatchoo talking" about Villis? 'from Diff'rent Strokes. Michael was smart, who dreams of becoming a lawyer, while Sister Thelma had her dreams and hopes. Her verbal jokes with JJ were mostly hilarious, as did the relationship between love and hate between siblings, who played very well both Mike Evans and Bernadette Stanis. During the season, there were only a few performances, especially Janet Jackson, Debbie Allen and young Garry Coleman. In fact, I prefer the Good Times to say, Cosby Shov, who was in the 1980s because a) I prefer the Evans family in relation to Huktables, both in terms of a) characterization, and b) how I thought he was dealing with serious and difficult social issues, in a way that has resonated with many viewers. It was a comedy, but it was also a social commentary aimed at highlighting the lives of the working class, the Afro-Americans of the 1970s in America. Cosbi Shov tried to satisfy the main audience in the way of "candy", as Huktables were portrayed as blacks who easily assimilated into the American higher class class with which we connected the whites, while the Good Times was much more "Edgier" and was not afraid to solve issues such as drug abuse and children in a realistic way. In fact, I discovered that while Cosbi Shov could be fun to watch for moments, he lacked a bit of "roughness" that Good Times had and from which he became trendy and cooler. The emission jumped the shark in later seasons, as it continued after the character of John Amos, James was killed in a fatal accident (in reality, it was then known that John left the Good Times forever. And so, death his character is written as in the show). Without John, the show has suffered and unfortunately, it has lost much of its charm. However, for the series, Good Times has marked all the right boxes. If they showed it in the United Kingdom during the 1980s. As is certain, as JJ would say, "DI-NO-MITE !!" My rating: 8 and a
