When people think about the center of Chicago, they think of Walter Paiton, Daughters and Da Bears, Rene Sandberg, The Whitest Sok who break the curse in 2005 or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and MVP finals) from the Chicago Bulls- om. Rarely in this generation of people, they think of the fighting side of Chicago, the ghetto, drugs that infected the streets and life in urban housing projects during the seventies. One of the biggest television shows ever and the revolutionary sitcom was "Good Times", which I vaguely remember as a little child on CBS, and now I regularly enjoy TV Land. Good Times is another Norman Lear classic, the producer who gave us "The Jeffersons", the best afro-American sitcom of all time, and "All in the Families" is the greatest show of all time. "Good Times" presented the problems of ghetto and urban housing projects, with charm, well-written and imaginative works, and some great acting, especially by the matriarch and patriarch of this fighting ghetto family played by Esther Rolle and John Amos. Supporting children were also pretty good, especially popular Janet Jackson in their early years, and Ralph Carter as Florida and James Evans, the youngest son whose figure at a young age realizes that life is unjust, and he must learn to stand on his two feet. The oldest of children JJ in the performance of Jimmy Valker is something unmistakable in this show and it's mostly about comedy relief. His emotional age is around 11 or 12, although he looks like a guy in the early twenties. J.J. it's getting boring, and it's thanks to the often rude James Evans (Amos) never to say J.J. to get his life, to find work and to leave the house. J.J. is an ambitious painter, but unlike his younger brother, he is never serious about obtaining a diploma, or even more important for a family who gets a job to help a household that is just above social status. Two classic episodes of Good Times was the one in which character Janet Jackson leads 104 fever, and Florida Evans is desperately looking for good medical help for her; she can not afford anything other than a clinic doctor who is very professional, but does not want to give the family from projects more attention than in a lawful way. The second episode is the one in which James Evans can not afford a low price of $ 104 a month. Evansi will soon get the biggest family barriers that have been thrown out of projects without a place to go. Florida Evans goes to the city of the Social Services Administration to try to get a loan or grant to help her family. However, the government does not consider that the family is poor because it has over $ 4,200 for property for a family of five children who are unjust but unfortunately legally above the poverty line. James and kids want to hustle for money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and does not want to do anything unfair, no matter how hard their condition is. Finally, the family finds a solution to keep the head above water. The "Good Times" classic show of the 1970s is about being over water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans are working hard at work to try and bring their children to the right place and avoid a social stigma of well-being. I was too young to understand the sitcom's message as a little children of the 70s in my first broadcast on CBS, but I really enjoy TV shows in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic sitcoms of the past. day.
