First, I will give my rating for the whole series; ******* 7 out of ten stars. I took three to descend on this series that it suffered after John Amos left. Do not misunderstand me that it was hard to hit the episodes later, but only after Esther Rolle left the season and returned. In February 1974, genuine sit-com (with a dramatic look) were premiered on CBS. It was the first TV show, a show on the Afro-American family that lives in Chicago's 1970s projects. Made by Norman Lear as spin-off company "Maude", he again hit the real chords with spectators. From this performance I have not seen a situation comedy that directly speaks about family struggles within the city. (Well, he was Fox's 'South Center' '94, but he was not restored.) John Amos as James Evans Sr. He was the ultimate father to this family and acted like every father His family together and his children go wrong ways in life. Esther Rolle was a wonderful mother without a mother who was on the same side as her husband when their childhood grew up. Ralph Carter as Michael is a young, but very smart young man for his age, but stuck in a school system that does not meet his academic needs. His character's name is the same as the founder of Mike Evans, who was Lionel Jefferson in The Jeffersons. (Mike Evans passed away Dec. 2006). Thelma is a young girl of 16 or 17 years old and has to deal with the dangers of being a young woman on the ghetto streets. Jimmie Valker as J.J. Evans Jr. is a typical young man who is full of a frenzied guy who does not take enough serious life. Simply put, all my favorite episodes are with John Amos, with the exception of Penny. Gordon / Janet Jackson did the lines. After the death of the character of James Evans, the performance has lost stability and the viewers have gone. Esther Rolle went all year long, not wanting to play another violin for JJ's smart "Dino-mite"! She returned to the next season after securing a guarantee that the writer would get out. Neighbor Florina Vilona Voods was a divorced woman who eventually adopted the maltreated girl Penny Gordon (which was then played by ten-year-old Janet Jackson). Penny abused her mother, played by Totie Fields, mother Kim Fields. In August 1979, the show came to an end, and all of them left projects for a better life. JJ artist sold the idea to the company for comics, Michael went to live in college. Vilona & Penny, the husband of Thelma & Keith + Florida, all moved to the same building in Chicago. Not the most realistic end, but by then it did not matter.
