The Forbidden Planet is a kind of science fiction that is precious in the cinema, especially from the 1950s. It was the Day when the Earth stood the war of the world, but let's not forget this gem that took a story from Shakespeare's The Tempest to tell the story of astronauts on a planet that has a doctor who made an extraordinary event. пробой. It's a type of breakthrough that's not that amazing to look at (although it looks incredible to look at some of these sets in 1956 and that gigantic machine that the doctor creates), but with an emphasis on characters and his themes. A technology that is too received by a more primitive foreign human nature, even when we do not know it is channeled. On the surface - it's in the first ten minutes - it looks standard, if a little more professionally behaved and directed with better skills than B-films of that period. The astronaut's ship is on a mission to Altair-4 to return an expedition that disappeared a few decades ago. However, only Dr. Morbis (Valter Pidgeon) and his daughter, who was somehow immune to the attack that left everyone dead, remained. Morbius seems to be a cordial and very intelligent man, and his technology seems so impressive that the only thing astronauts, led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), can think of reporting to their superiors on Earth. But there is a catch - something kills the crew members, one at a time, every night, even when others are keeping an eye out, then putting an invisible electric fence, invisible something passes easily. In the meantime, there is some romance between the skipper and Alraire, and there is even more aggressive vibration than a doctor: you did not have to come to the planet to start, and now you have to go. What is happening from this is even more fascinating, only at a purely intellectual level, but the Forbidden Planet never forgets that its audience should entertain this story while gaining some useful ideas. Although everyone can remember Robbie Robot, and for good reason, maybe a more unforgettable picture for me is a monster made on the screen with a crew of unsuccessful crew, animated with red electricity and looks so bright that it looks out of Fantasy. Br /> The Pidgeon play is subtle: you would not expect him to be a bad guy, although there is something in the character that speaks of this, and ultimately makes the character far more complex than you would expect. And the other performances are radical, but also great, from Nielsen as a born leader to the Hollywood who provides some great comic relief like Cook (which, I would add, helps in one of the funniest scenes in the movie with these bubbling gallons). The effects of his time are remarkable (sophisticated in a nostalgic manner for today), and music, made by electronics, is beautiful in its "tones". But, after all, it's a scenario and a careful Hilcoka direction that puts this on top above the rest of the B-movie series. When it was supposed to be ridiculous, it was deliberately so. When it's dramatic, it connects pretty well even in sharp moments with the actors. And when we are forced to think about a terrible situation, it gradually appears, with a nuance, does not push us in the face or injected with mega-action. Inspiration for many other sci-fi movies, and a fine marker of imaginary stories from science fiction and books since ancient times, it's a classic and fun classic.
