It should be said that at the beginning there are many, many things I love about the "Forbidden Planet", and that, of course, I consider it to be a "classic" science fiction movie for many reasons. But, in my opinion, the mischief that she gained over the years is somewhat overwhelming. No less authority than Leonard Maltin says: "The Forbidden Planet" ... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of his genre. "Ambitious?" Without a doubt, intelligent? Depending on what part of the film you are talking about, it was certainly the most prestigious science-fiction film in that sense. For a price of nearly $ 2 million (that was 1956, remember), MGM pulled out all flags to produce a great adventure in space, unlike anything seen on the big screen earlier, even engaged artists from the Disney Studio for some more detailed special effects. "Charming" is usually not a word used to describe special effects in the eye -fi movies, but that's the one that seems to be Even the terrifying "monster from id" is only a well-presented figure of cartoons by Disney's people, it's unlikely to scare anyone older than 8. When I see different sets and take into account artistic designs, models, costumes, etc., I do not recall anything but the "Wizard of Oz", with its luxuriously saturated colors and elaborated, if not always convincing effects. So much work has been done in these films that someone is inclined to smile in admiration, without considering that. 'Forbidden Planet' is great for watching. The scenes take place on apparent scenic sets that are fantastically decorated, matte pictures of planets and space in the background, and intricately designed miniature sand dunes, and so on to give the illusion of depth. It's like watching the most developed drama you'd ever see. The most likely and more convincing scenes are probably those within the Krell massive complex, where recordings that show the enormous depth and breadth of this inner space are well performed and credible. But then we come to the actors, damn it. The performances are almost equally terrible, although in fairness it is necessary to say that the dialogue barely exceeds the level of adolescent wardrobe, apart from some excerpts of barely adequate scientific technology. Even the great actor Valter Pidgeon is reduced to such a performance, sometimes he is sad. Very young Leslie Nielsen plays the commander of the spaceship J.J. Adams, and does not convey any conviction or conviction in the entire film. He seems to know instinctively, thirty years ahead of time, that his real forte 'was lying in comedy, as he sometimes seems barely able to maintain a real face by reciting his lines. Every forced reaction, whether it is an anger or a passion or a meditative meditation, seems to have come out of high school. Anne Francis, also very young, is a little better than the supposedly innocent Alte, whom we believe has never seen a human man except her father until the ship's crew appears. (Alta Morbius, now there is a name for you.) Unfortunately, even in this early age, Anne Francis looks like virgin and naive like Elizabeth Tailor in 'Butterfield 8.'. There is a good story buried somewhere under colleagues who comment on Alta and another underground underground in connection with the cook cooking chef Earl Hollmann. (And Holliman turns into a terrible performance. I assume that all these actors went directly from this film to the acting school.) Based on Shakespeare's "Storm", the stories of the dead race, Creel and the fantastic world of machines, they left what the majority people remember about 'Forbidden Planet' and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget the rest of the film and observe the concept of the Krella underground complex. Is it enough to make up for the rest of the movie? You will decide for yourself. Oh, and of course there is Robbie Robot, the idea of ​​every ten-year-old since the 1950s as the robot should look and speak. He's ridiculous. Mystic. So, 'Forbidden Planet' for me is a very, very mixed bag. It deserves the credit that it is an inspiration for the entire wave of sci-fi films and TV shows that followed, including Star Trek. But I suggest that anyone who thinks it is more than a well-arranged sci-fi comic, returns and looks again.
