Like the others on this forum, when "Fobidden Planet" was offered in 1956, I hurried to see it. This story is an interesting phenomenon I suggest because young, old, male, female, science-fiction experts and people who find such a departure can well follow and enjoy this film story and draw lines. set on another planet other than the Earth in the 20th century, except for a series such as Flash Gordon, Leslie Nielsen was loudly weak for his role at the time, but Walter Pigeon, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Hollmann and especially Varen Stevens have made a very good decision. There are so many visual glosses in this, it's difficult to choose favorites from the movie scene, Altair-4 approach, the ship itself, landing on the alien surface of the planet, descending through the stairs on the extensors, landscape, approach of the rocket, Dr Morbius's house seen from the inside and outside, the underground complex and its wonders, setting up weapons, fight with the monster, the final approach to the invisible man destroyers, escape from the planet sentenced to death - all these scenes are etched into the mind of the observer because they discover, together with the participants. Writer script veteran Ciril Humea intelligently recorded longtime director Fred McLeod Vilcock with clarity and imagination. shock is to realize that there are no music at all; the film is transmitted to words, actors and the story of a mystery. It can be viewed over and over again with pleasure - I have been doing it for almost fifty years. Until this famous and favorite film was created, no film has attempted to conceive the world outside the Earth; And for decades after that, ships were constantly falling on the planet - as if the writers had imagined that they were falling off and causing falls. Still the best, many say. This says something negative about the so-called intellectual leaders of this nation - and something very positive, I really suggest those who made this gem.
