When considering films from the 1950s, it is thought of the type of black and white B films that were parodied with the old television show Misteri Science Theater 3000. However, while there were many more films such as Plan 9 from space and robotic monsters than good films, the fifties had some very good, if not fantastic, science-fiction films such as the Day when the Earth stood, the incredible man being reduced, the Invasion of the Bodi Snatchers, the War of the Worlds, and the Other World Wonders. Nevertheless, the best of the crowd, due to its literacy and productive values, was undoubtedly the first major MGM march in science fiction at the Forbidden Planet level, published in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film, directed by Fred M. Vilcock introduced the top-notch special effects at that time, and was endowed with a very good screenplay by Ciril Hume, from the treatment of a screen called Fatal Planet, Irving Blocka and Allen Adler, who adjusted the aspects of Villiam Shakespeare's The Tempest. The film caused the rave when it came out, for special effects nominated for the Oscars, all of its electronic music scores, Louis and Bebe Barron (although recognized as electronic tonalities, to avoid fees for the music guild) , vivid matte paintings - inspired by Cheslei Bonestell, and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), animated by the animator Joshua Meador, borrowed from the Valt Disnei studio. Even more noteworthy was the appearance of Robbie Robot, in his first role in the film or on television. He later appeared in The Invisible Boy movie - included in this DVD as a bonus, as well as several appearances in sci fi TV shows from the 1960s. The Twilight Zone, Night Galleries and Lost In Space - with their own robot often confused, and humorous Appearance in the Gremlins 1984 film. The story is simple but elegantly designed and filled with funny pages that call into question the forced aspect of the 'love story' in the film. In the 23rd century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D - a flying saucer, led by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - who used to be the leading guy before his police squads) is on the way to Altair IV to investigate what happened to the Bellerophon crew on the planet twenty years earlier. After a one-year trip, they meet there with a lonely surviving party, Dr. Edvard Morbius (Valter Pidgeon), prospero, philologist, his beautiful blonde daughter Altai (Anne Francis) - a Miranda figure in the sixties. , and Robbie Robot, a housekeeper who is a Caliban colleague. Morbius warns of the crew of a mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon Party in the first year, but was immune to it. All in all, it's a technically good movie - especially with some of the latest screenings and matte pictures, and the absurdity of adult reactions on Timmi's and Robbie's exploits borders with surrealistic absurdity in Dalian. However, it is obvious that the filmmakers did not have the feeling for the sublime absurdity that the film causes, because it played straight, making it even funnier. What about the main characteristic? The Forbidden Planet deserves all its honor. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a few hours, and much better than Star Wars, which, although twenty years later, looks much more obsolete and juvenile. Only such films as 2001: Space Odyssei, Solaris, Alien and Aliens, and the first two Terminator films, have really equalized or surpassed this classic in depth and effects. It is worth knowing that, despite the prohibition of the "Happy End" of the planet, there is the possibility that the MOTI is still dormant within the Altea. After all, she is the daughter of her father, and she had even more lively nightmares than her father when MOTI attacked the ship the other time. Also, the film wisely only "shows" MOT once, and never shows Krela, because imagination can always cause more fears than the best special effects. The film also makes good use of narrative ellipses to shorten the story, something that far more realistic art films often fail. The forbidden planet is one of those rare films that define, but exceeds its era - unlike other sci-fi films that were quite apparent in the Cold War allegory. Look, and you agree, as well as sleep a little less easily. But even if you do not, there is still a scene from Anne Francis skinnidipping. Only that is timeless.
