There is a good reason that Valter Pidgeon warns Leslie Nielson and his crew from the help boat, which she does not dare to dream about. As Doctor Edward Morbius, Pidgeon is the last surviving expedition to this planet 20 years earlier. Since then, he has married other members of the expedition and had his daughter Anne Francis. They are the only people who remained on this planet, which was once the home of an ancient civilization known as Krel. The machine they left behind still works. Perhaps it works too well as members of the party for help and begin to die in a special way. I see all kinds of speculation about remake and this is a movie that should not be processed because it's fresh as it was in 1956. Conditions would change, now we would say varp speed instead of hyperdrive, thanks to the continued popularity of Star Trek. Perhaps we will not see people in a relief expedition in a flying saucer like a spaceship. It could look much more like the Starship Enterprise or the 2001 A Space Odyssey ship. It's interesting to watch movies of science fiction from different generations and see how the ideas of the future are changing. The story behind the Forbidden Planet is timeless, about the deadly creatures who try to play God. /> <br /> You can not write about the Forbidden Planet without comment on Robbie Robot. This mechanical miracle, compiled by Pidgeon with the knowledge he gained from the study of Kreel, was quite a hit in the day. He got a new life in the sixties with the image of Robot from the Lost Universe. His scenes with Earl Hollmann who plays chefs on a spaceship and his treatment of Earl's request for some local ghosts are very funny. The Ten Commandments and the redundancy of the Red Sea. The bad luck of the forbidden planet to face the Hollywood founder such as Cecil B. DeMille. in science fiction. My favorite among actors is Warren Stevens, who sacrifices Leslie Nielsen to find out exactly what he is doing. Never miss this opportunity whenever it's broadcast.
