Forbidden planet's rate as a landmark in science fiction, carefully keeping within the "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, ergo nerds will love it) while still playing with pictures and ideas of modern values ​​from the 1950s. Morbius's isolated house is a model of modern design with open spaces that go into sculptured gardens, swimming pools and home appliances: Robbi Robot. "San hostesses!" Captain says after lunch and demonstrates the robot's ability to synthesize food and waste. Also revealing in the fifties: Fruedian psychology highlights the head in the explanation Id, although Morbius dismisses it as an outdated concept. In a battle with an invisible monster and a life on the right there is the touch of a Pacific war drama. Perhaps the most favorable post-atomic fear is that science is an enemy, and arrogant scientists will inadvertently destroy destruction in their blind knowledge of knowledge. However, the suburban drama presented by The Forbidden Planet looks like a uniquely fresh sci-fi genre. They are not dumbbells or heroes, but ordinary sailors cross the galaxy with the rudeness and sincerity of the soldiers. Good guys ride a flying saucer, and aliens have long since passed that we do not even know how they looked - even though their music - the "atmospheric tonalities" of Bebe and Louise Barron are extremely futuristic today. Looks from Morbius's house are really strangers with toothed cliffs and pink bonsais. Only the side of Buck Rogers is the interior of the plate. There are lots of visual things. Although we get fantastic monsters and robots for boys, Forbidden Planet is a cerebral film, slow and fast. He works on more than one level at once: claims a science fiction against space adventure, philosophical against domestic. There are many suburban touches. Despite their space conversation, soldiers are trained for a golf course. Morbius's fatal discovery is a modest educational institution, a school. The most interesting character is Morbius' daughter Altaira. She has never seen a man who unwittingly forwarded the crew. She is a teenager after Madonna who designs her outfit for space and uses every opportunity to change her clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera with a replicator in the household. Men who watch a movie may be seen as a naive girl in a miner, but every woman knows that there is no such naive girl in the minidress. Anne Francis deserves a better recognition for humiliating Leuta kisses. Unfortunately, we will never find out if she "worked" with him as he doubts, because the captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for her attention. She is a character who makes an important change in the film. Shocked by the fact that her father compares a dead doctor with other "embezzles" in his party, she turns from her father, her home, to go with sailors to Earth. It is the act of defiance, maturity, which sends Morbius Id's creature over the edge, allegorically destroying its creator, as he did to thousands of centuries before Crele. Maybe Krell had teenage daughters ...?
