The only thing I knew about this movie before I saw him was Robbie Robot. My prejudice was that this was another long line of sci-fi sci-fi movements that were known in the 1950s. How wrong I was. The big studio, big budget and great production values ​​make it a strong candidate, at least visually, for the best sci-fi movie that comes out of the era. I qualify myself with the word visually, because the "War of the Worlds" is much darker and more terrible than the "Forbidden Planet", and it probably fits better into the mold as an encroachment on extraterrestrial territory. What impressed me? The color reproduction of the cinema is immediately displayed, followed by the intricacies and scope of detail in the home and labs of dr. Morbius (Valter Pidgeon). But it was just an introduction to the cake on the cake, the maze of the labyrinth that served as the Creole's stronghold. It seemed that Kreol's technology was even more advanced than it was, for example, in Star Wars. What made me think, the audience for this movie, when it was published, probably remained in the same kind of awe that the viewers watched in 1977 with SV, or in 1986 with "Aliens". Watching on a large TV screen in my living room gave me the same effect, and I'm pretty resistant to hyperbola. It's not too good to imagine "Forbidden Planet" as a direct previous TV series "Star Trek"; Gene Roddenbery himself stated that the film had a major impact on his vision of the show. Followers of this short-lived series will easily recognize the plot elements that have been used here and that have appeared in 'Star Trek'. I had to make a double ride when people from the United Planets Cruiser C57-V headed for the transport room, while the puzzle was presented to Robby, which created an inability to answer the bio element used at least two or three times in the ST series. Where the film definitely had a cerebral reversal, it had to do with the whole idea of ​​'monsters from Id'. If Morbius himself used his subconscious mind to defend Altaire IV. It certainly was a unique concept for 1956, when all other science fiction movements dealt with the Martians or other grotesque cosmic creatures. The film worked on the subtle magic of this viewer by helping me to understand that Morbius was the protector of Alter IV before it was explained by Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen). You know, watching the calendar, the year 2200 is not that far. This film can be one that actually gets right in relation to research and life on other planets. I think, however, that they will have to make sense of the hungry version of Robbie.
