The flying saucer (literally) of some 20 male space explorers travels hundreds of millions of light-years from Earth to check the colony founded 25 years ago on the 'Forbidden Planet'. What they found is a robot more advanced than anything imaginable on earth, a beautiful and completely social young woman, and her father, a philologist who had been chased by a hermit more than the demon of the ancient civilization in which it had fallen. On the surface, this story is a mystery of killing pulp scifi. Some compare it with Shakespeare's Tempest, but this is stretching and, in some ways, an insult to the Scifi genre. It's taken away from what makes it Scifi a movie, certainly, with its storm, but how many hundred movies can you say something similar? Below, this is a warning story about progress and technology and social evolution that is necessary for its proper and safe use. Still, the film continues with all the hopes for our future that we expected from shows like Star Trek. Anne Francis is not the only reason why this movie is best described as beautiful. Special effects, and even the aesthetics of the background, are strong enough to make unintentional directing and uneven action almost unthinkable. Had there been no stupid retro-art-deco from the 1950s, you might think that you watched the 1960s movie. This is the classic of this very special sub-genre sci fi I like to call the 1950s sci-fi, and, although not, in my opinion, the best that definitely must be seen for anyone who is interested in sci-fi film and special effects. A smart plot, now canceled by reuse in six or seven episodes of Star Trek, Lost in Space, and even Farscape, is worth paying attention to and maintaining the interest of most scifi fans. Trekers will be particularly interested in various aspects of the film that inspired the Star Trek series of the series broadcast about 12 years later, although they may be found in disappointed (relatively mild) sexism from the 1950s and the lack of any kind of racial integration. Although I do not mean nitpick, the lack of social progress manifested in this film was one of the main problems I had with it. Someone will probably watch this film only to see young, handsome Leslie Nielsen in one of his first acting roles. Unfortunately, Nielsen's performance is only average and sometimes weak (especially at the height of the film). Valter Pigeon, though pretty good in other films, also exaggerates in his role. Ms. Francis, Earl Holliman and the incredible Robbi Robot are prominent actors in this crowd, although in general character actors fulfill the ensemble a good job. I think the problems with the presented performances are blamed for the directors and editors, as well as for anything. Although they surely get most of the movie quite right.
