This is a movie that has everything, a terrible hero, a beautiful girl in trouble, a noble figure with a tragic maneuver and a really wonderful robot. Forbidden Planet has retained that special magic over the years and does not lose its taste with repeated views (although the sexual attraction of young Anne Francis significantly helps this result). The movie lovers will recognize the young Leslie Nielsen showing the handsome and heroic commander Adams, although those of us who we loved him in a comic role might be surprised by his appearance in a serious role. The prominent and noble Valter Pidgeon is also a prominent player as a secret scientist (Id). Other supporting actors deserve nodding, especially Varen Stevens as smart and resourceful "Doc", and of course, Miss Francis's charms, as mentioned above. This film was an early pioneer in the use of electronic music, in the fifties, nothing less. Credits call them "tonalities," but those of us who tried to think together about the earlier versions of the "Theremin" device will recognize the ghastly and spooky squeals and whistles that are sometimes used in the soundtrack. Nevertheless, he gives a picture of the exotic and foreign landscapes of the mysterious and inaccessible world of Kreel. Special effects are also quite daunting. I remember my fear as a young man who waited for the next manifestation of the invisible "id" of the monster, and when he finally was visualized on one scene of the battle, he literally shook me to his fingers in wonder and awe. The magic of the art of matte is fully exploited in the dizzy scenes of the scientific complex Krel, while the characters break through various labyrinths and passages, guided by the mysterious dr. Morbius. A measure of jealousy that Dr Morbius had such cool toys as Roby Robot. The person of Robbie is quite charming and in some ways it looks more human than some other characters. Watchers of the next shows such as Twilight Zone and Lost In Space will recognize the recycled Robby propeller in some of these episodes, although I remember that he never had the "personality" of the original Robbie. I must admit that I do not understand the complexity of complications until I was old enough to understand various references to Freudian psychology and the danger of freeing the hidden and normally contained fears and anger we carry in ourselves, but we trained ourselves, by force will, to immerse and control by adhering to social codes. Although the key to the story seems to be apparent after it was discovered, dr. Morbius remains unknown (or perhaps deliberately overlooked) until it is emphasized by clear commander Adams, who forces Dr. Morbius to face the evil within himself. He still gives me a clue when Commander Adams pushes Dr. Morbius down to the Corel machine that gave him a superior intellect, who opened the gate of his subconscious to Crelove's power: "Here, there was still the lack of power to operate the Grand Machine. Forbidden Planet remains probably my favorite sci-fi movie ever, and remains timeless and classic for a carefully crafted storyline and wonderful visualization and realization on the screen.
