The first time I saw this movie when it came out. I was about 9 years old. and he found this film very fun and very intimidating and unlike any other movie I saw until that time. a big star star in the constellation Aquila to find out what happened to the colony of settlers who landed twenty years earlier and have not heard since. Remnants of a very advanced alien civilization, Krel-200,000 years have been removed. The "seed" of destruction from one civilization is transferred to another, unconsciously at the beginning. The theme of this film is very good against evil. The first time I saw this movie with my brother when it first came out. I was just a boy, and the scene of the tiger really frightened me as the scenes of the battle with the invisible force of the creature. I was also amazed how things looked in the movie. What truly attracted my attention as an adult is, however, the truth about the film "forbidden knowledge" and how important it will be when we do (if ever) come into contact with advanced (extraterrestrial) civilization far more developed than we are now. Advanced technology and responsibility seem to go hand in hand. We need to work on our own to acquire knowledge along with wisdom how to use advanced technology. This, in my opinion, is the great moral of the film. At the postgraduate school I learned that "knowledge of power" at best, in fact, is not true! Knowledge is a "potential" force depending on how it is applied (... if it is applied at all). [Not what you know, but how you use what you know!] The overall impact of this film can be achieved somewhere in its own future of humanity. It is in itself knowledge is not enough, we must, we have to have the wisdom that knowledge depends on whether we truly control our destiny or we will end up like Krel in the film - just winking. Many thanks to those who responded to previous versions of this article with comments and updates, they are all very grateful !! I hope this story is as much fun as I have in the past 40+ years .... Rating: 10 of 10 stars
