I am always so frustrated that most films in science fiction are really intergalactic Western or war drama. Even Star Vars, which is visually brilliant, has one of its central images, a futuristic "gang that could not shoot straight". Imagine that you come to about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of them have an open shot, and they miss. Forbidden planet, one of the oldest genres, is still one of the best. The story is based on extinct civilization, Kreel, who created machines that can increase the intelligence of every being with quantum leaps. Unfortunately, what they did not ask is that the brain is the center for others thinking of the intellectual. The primitive aspect of the brain, Id, as Freud called him, is allowed to go without control. He is released into sleep, a bad dream comes into the physical existence. Valter Pigeon, Dr Morbius, is the one who raised the brain to this level, and with it he built up machines and defense that kept him just one step ahead of the horror of his mind. His thoughts create horrors that he will soon be unable to defend. Krel, a much superior species, could not stop him; He destroyed them. The party has never been of great interest to me. Other actors are rather interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and she would surely trigger the reaction of the fifties in an adolescent man. The anger of her father is aggravated by her innocence and the astronauts of the wolf in the fifties (because they are more like construction workers on the right path than the true astronauts). They always try to understand "ladies". The chef is a great character, with his hooch obsession. Robbie Robot has a lot more personality than most crew members, and he wondered if Mr. Spock might not be a relative for literally thinking about this artificial creature. The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is a star. Morbius can not go back and he was destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are several science fiction movies that are worth visiting more than once; this is one that can falter right into the 21st century.
