After dark, my sweet is a great, modern noir, filled with passionate characters, earthy roads and, of course, sweating characters. It seems that the majority of the truly great cavalry has happened in the past two or three decades in the south, where men shine and women also shine. Why? Because it's hooooottttttttttt. And because everyone looks better wet (at least men do it - sweaty women leave me sweat). In any case - here could be some spoilers. This film is a wonderful example of what noir should be - a permanent pacing (although some call it "slow" with disturbances), clearly and widely drawn (though not simple) characters, and the tone of the atmosphere. Noir, if anything, refers to moods and attitudes. That's why the great ones are not labeled with your traditional definitions of 'great' acting (see Bogart, Mitchum, Hurt, and Nicholson - they (and their characters) were all just not real - but they had style and sass and crime, the movie is exactly what you want) . or adventures are rapidly moving (again, all the big nights appear to be as slow as a cigarette). The big blades create an environment and you only take a few hours with the characters. After Dark Mi Sveet, let's do it - and enjoy the company of some very interesting and complex characters. Uncle Bud and Koly are intriguing - never letting the audience know what they really are doing - and Patric and Dern (I like Bruce Dern, by the way) are perfect, Dern in particular (see previous comment). They take the basic lines of character and give them depth and cause our sympathies. The story itself is also interesting. There are better plots in the world of noir (barely there is a mystery - it's mostly uncertain), but this one is solid. If nothing else, a simple 'OK' plot has more to do with writing Jim Thompson than anything else. With Thompson, the plots are almost secondary; he avoided maze stories about Hammett and Chandler for a simpler story with stronger, confusing characters. See a novel like Killer Inside Me and you'll immediately see (from the title) what it is about. When it comes to Thompson, it's not what this is about, but about how it works (cite Roger Ebert). So, indeed, a relatively simple story of abduction is not a point and, if you do not like it, it's a good joke for you. Why is this 8star movie, not the 10star one because of the female lead. It's not bad, by itself, but not by Angelica Huston or Anette Benning (see the adaptation of Jim Thompson The Grifters if you do not know what I'm talking about - in addition to being a better movie and you should start there for contemporary noir - this is the best since the 1990s. and causes Blood Simple to be the title of the best of the Chinese Quarter. She just does not have a piece (or looks like it), and although she and Patric have some chemistry, I do not have her.
