I think it's "Anyway ..." a movie that is being shot. Really. Tom Barman spent several years doing it, and it shows: every scene is smooth, it makes sense, ... I guess most people agree on that. One thing that many people criticize is the "lack of" the story. I am afraid that this is a consequence of the fact that we are constantly overwhelmed by the "traditional" narration. I mean: what you can achieve with a book, you can not achieve a movie, what can you achieve with a movie, you can not achieve this only with a story to a friend. The problem is that we are so accustomed to movies, series ... that we are just a recorded version of the story; visual recording of the event - just like watching the news - we expect each film to have these epic characteristics: a powerful story with many unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people see TV, news, movies, series, ... very unusual things, once in a lifetime. And here, in "Anivai ...", there are unusual events, but not in the same "Hollywood big explosion" in a way: the guy is fired, the couple together, the car is stolen ... and of course very common things. And that is strong: we can appreciate all that, that universe, that is art. And I agree that in particular what can be achieved only in films, this atmosphere created by the scorecard and puts the photo in the center. But not as in traditional visuals (visual blockbusters such as Matrix); serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean, in every recording you feel the love Tom Barman has for Antwerp and the urban lifestyle. And it makes no sense in this movie, it loves to "teach" something; and he does not have a great story to tell with incredible shifts in the script. He only shows everyday people's everyday lives, shows the city, everything with its good and bad sides and says: this is us, this is our city, it's life, enjoy it. In essence, "Anivai ..." is not just that great groove movie, but it also has a much stronger "message" (not explicit, maybe not even intentional) from most of the movies they really intend to transmit a message. One drawback: now we will have to wait five years to see the next Barmen picture, and everyone will expect so much ...
