WRITTEN IN THE WIND, directed by Douglas Sirk and published in 1956, as well as all Sirk's films from the mid-50s - pure melodrama. Nevertheless, it is enthralled, a richly developed melodrama, and Sirkov's trademark of the crazy color of expressionism, pulsating, barely suppressed emotions, symbolism and contradiction of the lessons make this film eager. Four central signs and actions are introduced while credits are still rolling. Sirk uses the smart flashback structure to take us to his world ... Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are magnificent as two Hadley "kids", Kile and Marilyn. Drink and sleep with women. He drinks and sleeps with men. Both are worth millions, thanks to Hadley's oil business. Hunki, still poor, Mitch Vaine (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's lifelong friend and Marilyn's dream lover. Get into this dirty mess of Lauren Bacall, a skinny, attractive young woman who falls under Kyle's charms after picking up her phone and flying one night over the village. And Mitch likes it, but Kile gets her. They're getting married soon, and Kyle stops drinking. But it seems that the fate is written in the wind, and it's not long before the marionette (who will "have Mitch", marriage or without marriage), secretly defeated Mitch, the confused Luci and the sad drunk of Kile come to blows. ... Malone is wonderful as Marilee Hadlei, basically deserves her best supporting actress Oscar. She steals every scene she's in. The stack is almost as good, it enhances the melodrama, while at the same time it maintains subtle and silent despair. Hudson and Bacall are much more abstained than the two, but are in line with the characters they play. So, what exactly is this melodrama about? Well, a lot of things. Stack's a powerful portrait of male inadequacy and fear, for one thing. Sirk surrounds Stack with phalanx symbols through the film - remember his tiny pistol, oil slides and the ultimate phallic symbol, Kail's inability to imagine children. It seems that Stack suffers from a massive complex of male superiority, which is aggravated by his preference for Hadson, the desire of his sister for Hadson, and the suspicion that his wife continues with Hadson. With all this wealth, Kile Hadlei is still finishing on the wrong end of the city, buying cheap corn liquor like a "bummer". It's about impossible dreams, and you have to let them go. The river in which Kile, Marilee and Mitch played when they were children, is constantly referenced through a film, symbolizing Kile and (especially) Marilyn's desire for innocence and simplicity of youth. In an excellent melodramatic scene, which Malone perfectly mastered, Marilee stands by the river and is re-imagined as a child, with a voice that Mitch told Marily that she will always be his girlfriend. This is where Sirk is watching a huge emotional chord. Who had not dreamed of returning to that special place in childhood? Who was not, at some point, living on precious memory? Who did not want something they could not? And Hudson's last line of film (yes, he does not get a dialogue in the last 10 minutes, only big plans) remembers that he is "far from the river, Marilea." Incredibly.
