The "Painted in the Wind" was a very successful Universal Picture. Only Douglas Sirk, the man who saw the possibilities in the material he got, could do that. Based on the popular novel by Robert Willard and the adaptation of George Zuckerman, he had all the elements that make up a great melodrama: nymphomania, great oil wealth, alcoholism, incest and a mild touch of homosexuality. Mr. Sirk set the path for what will follow later in the soap opera, mainly "Dallas" and "Dinasti", only to mention two. The fact is that this movie was shot in the whole studio. Most decor is fake. Like many other paintings from the 1950s, "Vicious on the Vind" was shot entirely in the studio. See only those scenes that should take place in Manhattan, or in Miami, or even the lake, you can see how the landscape is painted in the background. Mr. Sirk was no longer concerned with realism as long as he could tell the story in his own way. Recently we captured the projection, a part of Mr. Sirk's revival work, where people laughed at some of the most dramatic moments, especially during the scenes of Rock Hudson, played by a good Mitch Vaine. There is also something picturesque in the way that Robert Keith, played by patriarch Jasper Hadlei, and later his daughter, Marilyn's evil, caresses an oil deck adorned with an older table, a kind of falus object d'art Douglas Sirk probably wanted his actor to give high-end performances, making sense in the way that Dorothy Malone portrays the nimphomaniac Marilee, and to a certain degree, Robert Stacka, who behaves like Kile, the tortured successor of the story. It would probably be an easy explanation of what comes across the screen. The only one that looks normal is Lauren Bacall, who has not been asked that her character, Luci Moore, looks like nothing but a grounded person caught hanging with the wrong audience. Together with her other Hollywood movies, "Written in the Wind" shows the genius of a talented director who gave the public what they wanted to see: stories bigger than life that can only be seen on the big screen
