Director Douglas Sirk once said: "There is a great distance between high art and garbage, and the trash that contains insanity is precisely this quality closer to art." This statement defines his film as a perfect, very unique work that includes classic stage adaptations, adventure and war films, Western and of course, his famous melodramas. Sirk's melodramas were, as the word itself signifies, drama with music. Music sets a tone to his masterful style, and every move of his brush (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a powerful painting on the canvas. But this is not life but his representation, the imitation of life. Sirk never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of the directors of his generation made better use of all the technical devices provided by Hollywood (especially Technicolor) to distinguish artificially from the right thing. Let's remember that his golden period coincides with the time when Hollywood films focused their attention on a social drama (Blackboard jungle, Rebel for no reason). Sirk always knew that the movie was meant to be something else. Another of Sirk's statements sums up this: "You can not reach, or touch, right, you only see reflections. If you just try to understand happiness, your toes meet only glass." "I'm forcing anyone who saw that he wrote in the wind to count the number of mirrors and images that are reflected on the screen. In the end, we surrender. So we find ourselves in a full mirror room in which there is no difference between the actual and the false copy. it can say that Hedley is the right people. The city is not real, with these disgusting oil pumps everywhere. So in this p The action is affected, the decoration is fake, the trick is visible, everything is slightly pushed from the border (the sexual connotation of Dorothy Malone with a petroleum tower, for example.) Sirk has also criticized and theorized. thoughts, lighting is his philosophy. "In the written in the wind, we follow the fall of the traditional way of life, both geometrically and in the light and shadows. The Hadleis House, with its various levels connected to the spiral staircase, operates in a strict metaphorical way. Mausoleum-like house, that no party can cheer. As the tragedy progresses from a dazzling daylight to a shadowy night, Sir's photo becomes an extension of the inner state of his characters, as well as the color of the clothes they wear. The drama is thus embedded in every element of the service of the director's craft. Sirk considered himself a "story band" because he bundled the standard material assigned to his style and purpose. Written in the wind is a good example. It would not work in any other hand. Another director who used a similar strategy was Frank Tashlin, who was the same for the 50th comedy as Sirk for the melodrama. Their films are full of American lifestyle machines, TVs, jokes, washing machine, sports cars, vacuum cleaners - to show its emptiness and decay. I'm inclined to think that their films were looked at in a different way by their contemporary audience. The match played both sides, so it was a camp. We now consider them "cult" or "bizarre" because we are no longer viewers. That's why the fan of Todd Hains 'Far From Heaven' turns into a pastime, because today plays Sirk's work as if nothing had happened between them. Then Sirk turns right into the image that hangs in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the gardener discuss in the film. Sirk perfectly understood the elements of the melodrama. There were always immovable characters (here, Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall) against whom he could compile a series of shared. Its balance through the antithesis is remarkable and it is not surprising that we fit into the split characters, because those are Sirk's. When Robert Stack flies by plane and is tempted by Lauren Bacall with all kinds of everyday comfort of the world beneath them (apparent Faustian echo) and we are strangely fascinated by him, as we are when the sister of a nigga nymphomaniac sister painfully recalled her past Mitch himself by the river. In the Sir's universe studio often imposes "happy ends" that have no negative impact. In fact, they worked great. Sirk was thrilled with the Greek tragedy and considered the happy endings of the Deuk ek machine of his time. Thus, the final scene in the courtroom fits well, and it must be remembered that the entire film is told in the flashback, so we know from the very beginning that the tragedy will fall due to Hadley's feud. It has been highlighted a lot of similarities between the writer on the wind and the godfather of saga. I absolutely agree and I am sure that the parallel is not random. Both share the theme of the old powerful head of a father who is trying to keep his empire while protecting his family. The temperamental son of Robert Stack has an incredible physical resemblance to Sonny Corleone of Jimmy Caan. The action of the sister's sister's struggle is symmetrical. The non-son in whom the old man trusted is common in both films, as well as the fact that both families carry the names of their city. Even details such as the gateway that gives access to the property and surroundings of the house covered with leaves suggest that Coppola was writing in the wind in his mind while setting his masterpiece. Because both films deal with the theme of power: the acquisition of power, its manipulation and inheritance (even the sterility of Kyle Hadley, an accelerating upheaval, a matter that is easily linked to the central theme of power, in this case, a weakness in sexual power). The second big movie that deals with power and uses American life as a representative is Citizen Kane. First, we would not think of the similarities between Velles and Sirk's films, but there are many, starting with oil business as a source of family wealth and, finally, Mitch Vaine (Rock Hudson), like Charles Foster Kane, has been adopted by the tutors , who has his father alive. It is astounding that the same actor (Harri Shannon) also performs Vaine's and Kane's fathers. This detail can not be a coincidence. Written in the wind is a masterpiece in every aspect, in performance and vision, in style and technique, the culmination of this wonderful director's career. Some say this is his best movie. In my opinion, the "Magnificent Obsession", "All That Allows Heaven", "Always Tomorrow" and "Imitation of Life" are equally good. And for those who put Sirk at the level of Dallas or the Dynasty, I do not want them a happy ending.
