I saw this film at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. In order to reflect on the remarks of the previous critics, I feel a claustrophobic feeling and color on the film fairly intensely and convey the sense of limited space, gray architecture, the overall color that makes the urban environment of most people in Eastern and Central Europe. A little bit of a resounding style of a housing project is to describe it, which is how many people live on the periphery of larger cities. I can not say that I am familiar with Bucharest, in Romania where the action took place, but I visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. When I was a student in Russia, my whole group had to pull its luggage seven floors along the stairs of a dashing student building in a student dormitory, just like a heroine works when moving with a woman, because the lifts they did not work. But I agree with the reviewer that claustrophobia and dull colors are excessive because there are, to be sure, beautiful historical buildings, parks, squares that can be found in Bucharest or in any historical center of Eastern Europe, and Bucharest has not received any shot in this movie. For me watching this movie is a good conveying claustrophobia I would feel during my half-year stay there, feeling trapped and limited. (It makes you understand why someone would want to immigrate and find a better life, just as people hope to escape from the United States urban ghetto.) Also, given the climate of homophobia, say , the circus, the USA in the 1980s, two young women who fall in love each other are forced to keep their love very private; therefore, the focus on their interaction in the apartment. It is remarkable and praiseworthy in my opinion that this kueer thematic film was shot even in Romania, and I find the previous reviewer's complaint about a bad movie. quality is rather uninformed and patronized. It is unlikely that the director and producer greatly supported the government and financed their film, and did the best they could with their likely limited resources. The actors were pretty good and convincing; The dialogue was generally well done, and I could identify these women. The film offers an additional reversal of the forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, an energetic, entertaining free spirit with a dark, worrying secret (her admiration and love for the offending, incestuous brother, Sandu) falls in love with Alexander , a book, an idealistic young woman who moves to Bucharest to start her studies at the faculty. The contradictions are drawn, and their personality seems to be complementary, although there is some tension between the ambitious, smart, intellectual Alekandra and Kiki, who seem to be attending college to satisfy their parents. Keeping their love hidden from the parents seems to be tolerable, although we do not get the feeling of tension that is needed, we never see or meet any other students - it's hard to believe - and the tension that keeps their love secrets retrieved. The main threat to their love is Kiki's brother and her difficulty in trying to harden his relationship with him. But Kiki's love for Alexandria seems to give her the strength she needs to finally get out of that relationship, or does she do it? This is focused on the uncertainty of the film as narration develops, and I will not say how it ends. Ironically, Kiki's love "illness" is not love for another woman, but for her illegality, incestuous love for her brother. Therefore, a loving wife offers a potential cure for the love of brother and sister love. Although this feeling of this film is fuming and claustrophobic, excessively limited to the interactions between Kiki and Alexander, he was still attractive and moved to look, and I will give him 7.
