On the March 27, 1957 Academy Award Ceremony, Dorothy Malone won the Best Supporting Actress Oscar Award for her terrible, overwhelming performance of the spoiled heir of the Texas Oil Tycoon in WRITTEN IN THE WIND. Potboiler from 1956, adapted to the novel by Robert Wilder, was a real three-ring circus displaying alcoholism, greed, power, and nymphomania. Malone's performance as Marilee Hadlei, a lonely, rich girl who takes men to ease the pain of rejection from her former childhood soul, was a representative of the film as a whole. Bravely to watch, even as the melodramas of the "lowest-denominator" recourse, WRITTEN TO THE VICTOR is ultimately the work of one man, incredibly gifted director Douglas Sirk, a pre-emigrant from the pre-war War 2, Veimar Germani, who left his European theater heritage behind his career in Hollywood. An extraordinarily learned man, Sirk became a name for himself in the fifties as a reliable director of Universal Studios for Luxurious Soap operas, in particular with the productions of Ross Hunter's SIZE OPSISION, ALL THESE LIBERAL PERMITS AND IMITATIONS OF LIFE. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith offered Sirk the opportunity to work beyond the limiting restrictions of Universal Entertainment Entertainment and created a more mature, "sensational" product, hence the sultry VIND and its tracking, in 1957, TARNISHED ANGELS, both published under the Universal International banner. . No one can assume why Sirk did not seek out high-profile topics, but apparently he directed these over dramas that more attracted his artistic sensibilities. WRITTEN IN THE WIND, Sirk's epic soap opera could be considered; Indeed, it is so rich in human vulnerability and neurosis as it is shown among the very rich that it is so convincing to be seen as any real life of domestic arguing among the rich and famous, perhaps more. Robert Stack (not an actor who is commonly known for his overwhelming emotions) almost coincides with Malone in intensity with his offer of the poor brother Kyle Hadley, a mere shadow of his patriarchal father. When he finds out that he is unable to fertilize his new bride (beautiful Leoninka Lauren Bacall), Hadlei goes deep into the end, escalating a serious problem with a drink with a "secret" fetish that threatens to make him a human bomb. And the brother and sister, as they are, are presented as victims of their past, giving them a human quality that makes them less monstrous (and far more interesting than the 'good' side of the family, mostly Bacall and incredibly handsome Rock Hudson, a young Hudley old friend from a childhood and business associate, a surrogate son to the old man, and Malone's unattainable object of desire.) Despite the overall domestic dependence, it's not so much a story that is right with a panache for pictorial composition and editing, director Sirk draws his audience to this picture with the most advanced m Technicolor cinematography imaginable: every shot in the film is a fabric saturated colors, the sight of tanks like the pink Cadillac approaching the front door of a huge villa in noble decor of a luxury hotel in Miami, the spectrum of shades that almost dazzling in their diversity. and dramatic scenes show Sirkow's useful use of leaned camera angles, shaded lighting and cross section mounting, shown with the greatest effect in a scene in which the rebellious, drunk Malone dances in his bedroom on the side floor to the loud flicker of the recorder while her attacked father is uncertainly rising huge stairs; the scene is so attractive that you swear that you are experiencing a great edgy drama. What you really are looking at is the garbage of an incredibly entertaining kind, stuffed into a suspicious Technicolor and built to perfection with a visual genius.
