"Ruby and Paradise" is a beautiful story about a young woman, Ruby Lee Gissing, who has avoided congestion in order to become herself. Although the title character is skillfully played by the beautiful Ashleigh Judd - in her greatest film role, although she is very proud - the emphasis is not on becoming someone, and the next Madonna (whether Jesus' mother) or upset, a singer with a desire for attention. Instead, it emphasizes the instinct that follows and something introspectively about them, in order to grow into one's ideal, an adult. NOTE: This is not an action movie !!! She uses an occasional voice narrative (written by Ms. Judd) as she writes in her diary - and oh, I see that I just lost a male half of the reader. But be patient with this beautiful film, where we learn that bliss can be discovered - oh, I do not know, I'm carrying water and splitting wood. Actress / director / writer Todd Field, who played Nickie Nightingale in "Eies Vide Shut", plays the noble interest of Ruby Lee, the one who helps her cure her idea of ​​the relationship between the young . But even his character is not the answer for Ruby Lee: No external hero has been imposed on her. The ultimate message is that we are responsible ourselves. Writer / director Victor Nunez, who also wrote / directed "Ulee's Gold", did an amazing job showing how a young woman is growing inside - facing the ancient challenges of a good v. Evil along the way. Supported actors are also starred, and the music that is used, especially the cuts of Sam Phillips (I hear that T. Bone Burnetta's wife) is right - in particular, "Trying to keep the Earth." "Now, when I hear the first few chords of this song, tears pass through my eyes, Pavlovic and uninvited - I do not know if it's music, or an indelible connection with a quiet, charming message of empowerment film. <Br /> <This film is recommended to everyone A bad person: It's NOT on DVD, except in Spanish. (We learned, however, that it is legitimate to make one copy of the VHS version, which is to be I can find it easily on the internet. My beloved husband found someone with a VHS copy and got a copy of the DVD on the movie is occasionally appearing in the ether on the indie channel, usually you can not count on when you need it most as a tonic to relieve the pressures of the world. So buy a copy for yourself. <br /> <br /> <br / > This movie should have a great re-release, and it would be that I was Queen Hollivood. - Figgi Jones
