For the first time I watched this film about his release in 1987 and he was hit hard emotionally, through a combination of guilt over what my fellow white guys could do to innocent people and the hesitation of the outside world to really investigate these crimes against man. /> In particular, the funeral of Steve Biko, which was even more vivid and painfully affected by the South African hymn then played. For a long time I believed this film accomplished what no one else succeeded - to open the eyes of the world to what is really happening in South Africa. I think that I am a normal person thinking rightly and can confirm that this film has changed my way of thinking about not just South Africa, but how to perceive black people as white people. I have never seen any difference between people of any color or religion, but after watching this film, I physically changed my life and spent the last 17 years living in a predominantly black country and helping many people to rise above the present standard of living and achieve what they do not would be considered possible. The greatest reward I can honestly say is that I have received - that I can say that I have contributed in my small way and adjusted the balance slightly. But if more people thought like me and really had something to help black people not to seek reward, then the entire black population of this planet would be a little better. I challenge any right-minded person to look at Crimson Freedom from beginning to end and do not feel the emotion that pulls your heart while you see 700 students who brutally killed in Sharpville for refusing to learn Afrikaans, meaningless homicide Steve Bull, such a champion for the rights of his people, and then, finally, realize that this is not just a movie, although magnificent, but that all this really happened less than 30 years ago. Yes, friends, watch this movie and then look if you can get out and have fun. Can not. I was too upset when I knew the truth. It's a big movie sign. Obviously, Sir Richard Attenborough's intention is to get this message about South Africa. Of course he did it. Unless you support apartheid. God help you.
