Richard Attenborough is a director whose name is synonymous with the Gandhi Award, which won Oscars '83. I did not know about any other of his work as I recently came across 'Cri Freedom', published in 1987. Although perhaps not as popular as his Gandhi, it is certainly equally attractive, if not more, and is freed when South Africa has not yet been liberated from the fence of apartheid. While most movies about social issues come out after the event happened, I guess this has been published over time. The book on which the film is based was written by Donald Voods (Kevin Kline), a journalist who worked in South Africa in the late seventies. She follows the origin of Voods' friendship with charismatic black leader Steve Bick, glorified by Denzel Washington. I can not imagine a better choice for that role. Washington exudes natural charm and presence on the screen, which required Bikin's character. While Woods initially was against what he felt was Biko spreading black racism, after meeting with a man, he could not retreat into his struggles and ideas. The relationship between them is becoming stronger, and Voods and his family understand and become more sensitive to the state of the people Biko presents. However, finally, the tragedy of the blow, and Voods now has to focus on escaping from South Africa, with his book, so that he could announce and allow the outside world to know what is going on. The other half of the film is an exciting story of his escape from South Africa, along with his family, and will keep you on the sticks. It also has some delicious witty dialogue. The scene is between the Bull and the lawyer in the courtroom. Lawyer: Do you advocate for violence? Biko: I stand for confrontation. Lawyer: Well, is not it violence, Mr. Biko? Biko: Not necessarily. You and I now have a confrontation, but I do not see any violence. However, there are moments that will bring you back to the horrors that swept the earth before the better meaning prevailed. A scene in which the army opens fire on protesting school children is painful and heartbreaking. I suggest to those who are not familiar with Attenborough's work, take the time for this. There are movies that make a lot of money. There are also movies that make life. I would love this one more every day.
