What a great movie. I admit it is very ambitious, with a topic that deals with. In just over two and a half hours, it's also a very long movie. But none of these indicators is disadvantageous in any way. Cri Freedom, despite the minor shortcomings that he has, is a powerful, moving and striking film about the story of black activist Steve Bull in his fight to wake South Africa to the horror of apartheid. The truth is that the first half is stronger than the other in terms of emotional impact. People also complained that the film suffers from too much Voods, but Biko is not enough. Perhaps I'm wrong, but even though it's the story of Bick, it was told from Voods's perspective, so Voods is an important figure in conveying Bikini tales to the world. Cri Freedom visually looks incredible. With a cinema that stopped the performances and stunning South African landscapes, it was a visual feast. Especially opened scenes that were brilliantly captured. George Fenton's music has brought the true dramatic weight to most scenes. He was subtle in scenes in the second half, but exciting and dramatic in mass scenes. The scenario was of exceptional quality, the scene in the courtroom with Bika was enough to really make you think this is the right thing. The first half with Bikk as the main focus was always something sensible, whether it was a police attack on South African citizens or Bikova's death. The other half of Donald Woods carries less emotional impact, but is compensated by the way it is recorded, performed and written. There are also parts that are truly uncertain. The performances were exceptional from the whole composition, from the smallest characters to the two tracks, there was no bad performance. Regardless of the accents that are, but it is forgiven so easily, how much you are attracted to performances. in a drama as a comedy, because he gave a convenient subtle performance that fitted the one from Washington. And the chemistry of two men is convincing and never makes the wrong note. Penelope Vilton is beautiful as Donald's Wendy Wife, and she is still a great actress. The accompanying performances were made, and perhaps there were bias, the two were singled out for me. One was Timothy West, who enjoys the role of Captain DeVet. The other was remarkable John Thav in a brilliantly cool comedy role like Kruger. The direction of Lord Richard Attenborough is focused and constantly sensitive as usual. All in all, truly wonderful movie. Ambitious and long, but never stops being powerful and powerful. The definitive winner of Lord Richard Attenborough, and worth the much more praise. 10/10 Bethani Coke
