What a movie! I never imagined that Richard Attenborough could have such a movie in it. Gandhi always left me indifferent, apart from the performance of Ben Kingsley, and I never considered Attenborough a particularly good director. But Cri Freedom kept my interest as lately there were several films. It is an exciting, enchanting political film with great performances by Kevin Kline and young Denzel Washington. It begins as a tough friendship, as Voods sees Bick as a black supremacist who preaches hatred towards whites. But Biko, with his kind words, an optimistic attitude and full transparency, defeats Voods and introduces him to the reality of the apartheid that Voods did not know anything about. It opposes all prejudice and the system that keeps its people on. One night, after an illegal meeting, he was arrested and beaten to death. Authorities are trying to stop this issue because Biko became a great personality in South Africa. But the efforts of Wood come true. But what should be a triumph becomes only a nightmare when Voods and his family become targets for the secret police. This film has an interesting structure. In fact, there are two narratives: first he tells Biko's life and death. This is the incredible first half, dominated by the charisma of Washington in its greatest performance yet. about the Bull. Woods became the enemy of the state, a forbidden person, which means he can not meet people or leave his country. Plus, he is constantly spy on the police. Kevin Kline also gives an excellent performance in this second half. Although the first half is pretty clear, the other makes things interesting by editing, giving bullets to Bull and events that show repression against black South Africans. Some might argue that this is even more interesting, but for me the other half is just as exciting as Voods and his family are designing a bold plan to escape from South Africa. The last minute was so hearty it was in tears. George Fenton and Jonas Gwangwa certainly had something to do with it. Although I've never been a fan of Fenton (I can not stand his Gandhi score), I think the result for Cri Freedom is one of the most beautiful ever composed for the movie. The film, thanks to the music that married for powerful images, sometimes reached incredible peaks of emotion. Cri Freedom is definitely not a movie just to watch for Denzel Washington. This is a movie that is appreciated in its entirety. Acting, writing, music, editing, cinema are combined in perfect synthesis to create the power of the human spirit. This movie deserves a place next to films like Pianists, Life is Beautiful and The Shavshank Redemption.
