"A true story of friendship that shook South Africa and awakened the world." Richard Attenborough, who directed "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi", wanted the story of Steve Bike reviving, and the trip and the troubles that journalist Donald Voods had gone through to get his story . Films use Vood's two books for their information and basics - "Biko" and "Trouble for Trouble". The film takes place in the late seventies in South Africa. South Africa is in the hardship of a terrible apartheid, holding black people separated from whites and classifying white as superior race. Blacks are forced to live in barracks on the periphery of cities and towns, and police and the army often attack them. We showed an attack at dawn in the poor neighborhood, while bulldozers and armed police are breaking through the camp by beating and even killing the inhabitants. Then we are introduced to Donald Voods (Kevin Kline), who is the editor of popular newspapers. After publishing a negative story about black activist Steve Bick (Denzel Vashington), Voods goes to meet with him. The two are initially very cautious, but soon become good friends, and Biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from the Black's perspective toward Voodoo. This encourages Woods to speak against what is happening around him, and makes him desperate to carry out the story of Steve Biko from the clutches of South Africa and the holy white man. Soon, Steve Biko was arrested and killed in prison. Now Voods and his family dare to escape from South Africa to England, where Voods can publish his book on Steve Bull and apartheid. When I first heard about "Cri Freedom", I was under the impression that it was a film devoted entirely to the life of Steve Bull. I've never heard of Steve Bull before I saw this movie, because the events in this movie really were before my time. But this is more about the story of Donald Woods and his trip across the border to Lesotho as he tried to evade South African officials. Voods was placed in house arrest five years after Steve Biko was killed. In order to publish his manuscript on Steve Bull, he had to escape. Because the handwriting would be considered a betrayal in South Africa and this could lead to the Vuds encountering a fate similar to that of the Bulls. Real Donald Voods and his wife were consultants for this film. Denzel Washington was in the movie only for the first hour, and I was disappointed by the fact that I expected him to see him all the movie. But he was incredible like Steve Biko, and he caught his personality from what I read well, and his accent sounded perfect. His performance brought him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Klein provides a great and imaginative performance like Donald Voods, and Penelope Vilton is as great as his wife Wendy. Recording took place in Zimbabwe because it is unnecessary to say that the problems arose when they tried to film a movie in South Africa. In South Africa, the South African gestapo followed the film crew everywhere, so they got bad vibrations and they retreated and went to neighboring Zimbabwe. In spite of everything, the fact that apartheid did not end up to seven years later, "Cri Freedom" is not banned in South Africa. But the movie theater's films received threats from bombs. Richard Attenborough brings the horror of apartheid to the screen with extreme force and determination. It does not hold back at the end of the film when it shows what was supposed to be a peaceful protest of students in a barrack, it turns into a massacre when the police opened fire on them. The film ends with the names of all agents against apartheid who died in prison and explanations for their death. Many had "No Ekplanation". A few were "Epilepsy", which is hard to believe, and many have fallen from the top of the stairs or are "Suicide from Hanging". No one will ever know what really happened to them, but I think it's fair to say that none of these people died in their hands, but in the hands of others; or, more precisely, in the hands of the police. "Cri Freedom" is an unavoidable movie to show and a story about Steve Bull. It is, too, a devastating and devastating display of the beautiful land divided and hellish by the racial segregation and violence.
