CRI FREEDOM is a great example for those who want to review the cruelty of apartheid in just a few hours. The famous film director Richard Attenborough (Gandhi) is certainly no stranger to the genre, and the cooperation of real life Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the main white characters in their book and in the film, gives even greater authenticity CRI FREEDOM-in. Video, which is now being broadcast actually takes a little more than 2 and a half hours because it is inserted 23 minutes of additional footage in order to make two television mini series after the initial release of the film of the film. While the added length is used to amplify the flaws that can be forgiven of film: uneven development of character and special stereotyping, another possible downside (insistence on the fate of the white characters in relation to the African) can serve as a force. Looking at the REDUCTION OF FREEDOM as a political and historical educational film (as I think it should, due to its artistic merit), is the story that black Africans know too well, although the younger generation may now need to see it in a full-impact movie. Whites have always been the target audience of film and books, we hope they will change them. Now, twelve years after the production of the film, CRI FREEDOM is a much more interesting movie for watching. Almost ten years after the reign of the black majority was at least theoretically set, the ideals of CRI FREEDOM from 1987 remain largely unimplemented. Therefore, it remains imperative, as always, for white South Africans, especially the younger ones who have only heard of this action to see it, and absorb the message of the film. In stark contrast to American slavery and the exposure of the Jewish Holocaust, the struggle of South Africans are told with just two or three witnesses: CRI FREEDOM, THE BELOVED CRI countr (OK, count it twice if you turn remake), and Sarafina (Did I miss one?). All three drama was also clumsily treated by American and British actors in both white and black roles. No South African actor played a major role, white, colored, Indian or black!). And yes, I missed another international South African drama, MANDEL and DEKLERK. Although this (also highly recommended) bioproduction was released after the black majority government was launched, MANDEL was played by a Black American (Sidney Poitier, who also starred in the original SA CRI THE BELOVED COUNTRI), while Afrikaner DeKlerk played (bald) very British Michael Caine, a good performance if you can dismiss that the very essence of the Afrikaners is a fierce anti-British feeling. As long as local SABC TV and African movies do not start to deal with their own legacy, CRI FREEDOM is as authentic as you. As white people (especially Africans) are shown in the film, every observer (unusual) of South Africa, even now in 1999, not to mention 1977 when CRI FREEDOM takes place, will generally be considered to be white attitudes towards blacks restrained, even underestimated. Looking at CRI FREEDOM in mind, it is surprising that reconciliation can happen at all, and that is. But CRI FREEDOM at the time shows that much has not changed much in the minds of many people, and that the goal of the Black Africans for freedom and reconciliation is still in progress. Therefore, if you are a beginner of the situation, CRI FREEDOM, this is your best introduction.
