I finally got the desire to see this in the cinema. I saw Fritz Lang's movie on the video a few years ago. I was hoping that the ideal scan conditions would work on their magic. The conditions were ideal in Cinemathekue Ontario. Pristine whole circulation. Intertitles in the original Gothic script in German with simultaneous English translation, precise without too much bukvality. Live piano accompaniment. Ideal. The spell of the film spattered for some time, but eventually she failed to catch, at least for me. This film has no real connection with the Wagner ring cycle as I already knew, but some did not. Wagner adapted the 13th century. Niebelungenlied for its own purposes. The first part of the epic story by Fritz Lang - "Siegfried" - has a lot to be known about Wagner's listeners. (Atila) Hun, and her desire for revenge against Hagen and Gunter, rehristened Nibelung, for the murder of Siegfried. The spectacular fire in this film probably evolved and expanded in Vagnerian's myth in his Gotterdammerung, his Twilight of the Gods and the end of Valhalla. This film remains bound to the ground. Most movies are spectacular. Massive sets rivals to those of "Cabiria" (1914), who inspired Griffith's "Intolerance" (1916). Their decoration sets new standards in barbaric glow. There is a huge bunch of scars, wicked Huna and Art Deco Burgundy. And the battles. Battles that never end. Kriemhild is very successful in his plan of revenge. She manages to destroy everything around her. Her loyalty to her martyr Siegfried does not seem to stop so much from love, or loyalty, but from something closer to the psychologist. Mrs. Macbeth shouted: "Get me out here." She knew she was emotionally unprepared for what she was supposed to do. But Kriemhild does not show normal human emotion, and certainly nothing equals the female principle. She is already "full of the most terrible cruelty" to borrow Shakespeare's phrase from the very beginning. Margarethe Schon and her director convey it with a brilliant look. I do not want to overdo it, but this brilliant is almost the only expression that ever "animates" Kriemhild's face. This is the ultimate in one ton. However, it is obviously deliberate, not just a case of ill-treatment. What we have in offer is a one-dimensional sketch of revenge Furi. Some might see Kriemhild as a strong heroine. I'm just watching the movie as a misogynist.
