In a way, Gnev Kriemhilda surpasses Siegfried's Death, but also loses part of that movie. The story of this story is more cohesive than the first, which is quite incredible. The other half of the actual song is much more embarrassing and much more difficult to pass until you reach top-level battles; Only Ilijade is better. Lang and Harbou decorated Huna. The poet-compiler Nibelungenlied did not know the Hun with his right ball, and as a result they were, more or less, the same as the Burgundians in the custom. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is the main concern of Kriemhild while Rudiger tries to persuade him to marry him), when he comes to Hunland, the first thing he does is go to Mass. Huns are obviously pagans here; They are almost like a cave man. Their display is hilarious, especially Verbal, a joke, which has two marvelous scenes. Etzel's character got more weight. He's much more dangerous. All he does is to resist his fate in the original song. Lang and Harbou are masters in building uncertainties, especially on the banquet scene, which is associated with Verbal's second performance to an amazing effect. However, like the nature of this half of the song, the incredible technical achievements of the film are missing in this, mainly, except for the great sequence in which the Etzel Hall is burning with a nibelung inside. The only thing I have to resist is the way Harbo changes the end. SPOILERS: In the poem, after Hildebrand seizes Hagen and Gunter, they are closed. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and asks him to find out where he hid the hordes. He rejects himself and dismisses his own head to his brother. When Hagen continues to refuse, she decapitates him. Hildebrand (or possibly Dietrich) is so disgusting that a woman assumes that she will kill a great warrior in order, in turn, to defile her, calling her a "devilish woman." Etzel, who in the song is much weaker than he is here, says something stupid like: "Ah, yes!" I can understand why they would want to keep the unity of time and place as Hildebrand brings them out of the castle; keeping the prison situation of these two deaths would make the film very anti-climate. I understand why they did not want Hildebrand to kill Kriemhild: his character here is significantly reduced; his name is mentioned only once. But in order to kill Kriemhild, adopting Brinhild's death from Icelandic sources, it is only to supply the audience instead of challenging them. The poem of the song is that Kriemhild's anger far outweighs what should be in the domain of pure evil. Here, it's easy to die for lost love. Not so interesting.
