Please also take a look at my comment on Die Nibelungen part 1: Siegfried. The second part of the UFA production studio Nibelungen saga continues with the stylized, symphonic and emotionally separate way of its predecessor. However, while the first part was a passionate display of individual acts of heroism, the other part is a chaotic show of bloodshed to a great extent. As in the first part, director Fritz Lang maintains a continuous dynamic rhythm, the pace of action and the complexity of the composition of the recording grows and falls smoothly as the tone of each scene requires. These images should only be viewed with a perfect match with the Gottfried Huppertz score, which is fortunate to go on DVD movies. Now, with this focus on mass action, Lang is presented with greater challenges in setting up. Action sequences in its earliest features were often poorly constructed, but now it simply makes them part of that rhythmic flow, with the level of activity on the screen that looks like an orchestra. But only as part of one made us a Witness of Siegfried's adventures, without any excitement, the other part represents war as a devastating tragedy. Both paintings deliberately lack an emotional connection with the characters. That's why Lang mostly keeps the camera out of action, not allowing us to feel like we are there (which is important because engaging audiences is usually a distinction between Lang's work). That's why the performances are unnatural theater, and the actors are wandering around like detained moonshine. However, Kriemhild's revenge is constantly dealing with emotions and is, in fact, deeply humanistic. One moment of naturalism is when Atilla holds her son for the first time, and Lang emphasizes the gentleness of this scene by building it with the wild, angry driving of the Hun. The point is that Lang never manipulates us to take the side, and in this sense this version has more in common with the original saga than with the Wagner Opera. The climax is exactly the antithesis of an exciting combat scene. Why are Hitler and his associates then? that by such dull eyes, the fact that unfairly hindered the reputation of these films? Because the unbreakable racial ideology of the Nazis has led to the automatic observation of Nibelungs as good guys, even if they kill babies and betray their relatives. For Hitler, their decline would always be a nationalistic tragedy, not a human one. But for us non-Nazi viewers, what makes this picture pleasing is its wonderful sense of luxury and musical rhythm. When you see these fully developed German images of Lang's, you will understand how much is lost in Hollivood. Instead of humiliating him with low-budget potboilers, they should have put him on work on several of those swords and sandals, pictures that do not have to be convincing and do not have to move us emotionally, where it's poetic, the operative tonality that stirs us.
