Canto 1: How Kriemhild mourned Siegfried and how King Attila dragged her Through her ambassador Rudiger von Bechlarn: Kriemhild (Margarete Schon) insists that the head of the murderer of her beloved husband, Hagen Tronj (Hans Adalbert Schlettov), ​​but her brother, King Gunther (Theodor Loos), rejects her request. When King Atila Hun wanted Kriemhild through his ambassador Rudiger von Bechlar, she promises him by swearing in the name of his king that no one will be offended. Hagen Tronje hides treasure in Nibelungen at the bottom of the lake. Canto 2: How Kriemhild goes from his homeland and is received by King Atilla: Kriemhild brings the land from which Siegfried died, and travels to the court of Hun, where he welcomes Attila himself, who also promises to If she's defending her. Canto 3: How King Attila surrounded Rome and how Kriemhild invoked his brothers: When Kriemhild delivers a boy, Attila returns to her empire and asks Kriemhild what she would most like to satisfy her. She asks him to invite his brothers to come to his kingdom. Canto 4: How Kriemhild receives brothers: Kriemhild insists on having Hagen Tron's head, but her brothers maintain loyalty to her friend and again I do not accept her request. Canto 5: How Huni celebrated summer solstice with Nibelungen: Kriemhild asks Athila to kill Hagen Tron, but he refuses, because according to the laws of the desert, the guest is considered sacred. Kriemhild offers gold to Hums for the head of Hagen Tron. There is a fight, and Hagen Tronje kills Atilla's son. Canto 6: Nibelungen's anxiety: Huns lose the battle against Nibelungen, but keep them under siege in Atilla's trap. Kriemhild promises to spare their lives on condition that they deliver Hagen Tronje, but her brother Gunther says German people are loyal to their friends. Canto 7: The End of Nibelungen: After the death of Rudigger von Bechlarn, Giselher and Gernot, Hagen Tronje and Guhther are finally captured. Kriemhild kills Hagen Tron, ends his vengeance by destroying Nibelungen. The conclusion of the poetic saga about Zigfrid through "Kriemhild Revenge" is also told through seven dramatic bands. The nature of the first part is a magnificent story of fantasy, adventure, romance and betrayal; The other part is a dramatic story of hatred, revenge and loyalty. A solid script with the perfect development of characters, excellent performances by actors and great director Fritz Lang produced another epic. Margaret Schon is impressive with a totally different woman, obsessed and inflexible in the desire for vengeance. And costumes by Kriemhild are very impressive, and her acting is based on her face and appearance. I was a little disappointed with the reaction of Atilla after the death of his only son, because I considered him too passive. My voice is eight. Title (Brazil): "Os Nibelungos Part II: Vingance de Kriemshild" ("The Nibelungen Part II: Kriemhild's Revenge")
