An absurdly hilarious and striking human story of jealousy and disbelief about marriage, the Russian pioneer of animation "The City of Cinematograficheskiy Operator" by Vladimir Starevich ("Kamenatov Avenger") is the pleasure of early animation, full of highly effective stop-motion puppets and without lack of imagination. <br /> Mr. and Ms. Beetle have a completely carefree marriage, and both crave for more excitement in their lives. Mr. Beetle's wishes can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer in the nightclub "Gai Dragonfly", whom he visits whenever he goes to the "business trip" to the city. She is the only one who understands it. The dancer of this dancer, an aggressive locust, is jealous of being a gentleman. Beetle stole his lady and, as fate had, he was a film cameraman. The fake grasshopper follows the g. Beetle and his acquaintance in the hotel room, recording their explosions through the keyhole. In the meantime, Mrs. Beetle has also got a friend to add excitement to her life. . He is an artist, and brings her a gift picture, before they both are placed on the couch for some intimacy. At that moment, however, Mr. Beetle returns home and witnesses the whole spectacle. While Mr. Beetle pierces through the front door, a friend of the artist climbs a chimney, but he does not escape without Mr. Boo first casting his fury and frustration towards him. There is a certain irony in the statement that follows: "Mr. Bean is generous. He forgives his wife and takes her to the cinema." He is generous enough to forgive her, yet he was just as unbelievable only a few minutes earlier. At the moment, however, we have not yet forgotten the jealous filmmaker who planned his vengeance, and it is no surprise when he turns out to be a screenwriter for the film that Mr. and Mrs. Beetle visits. Suddenly he crosses into a film in which he enjoys recording a disloyalty of the g. Beetle, and his angry wife hits him with an umbrella before he scares and angry his wife dives through the theater screen in search of a grasshopper. In the final scene, both Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, now somewhat more grateful to each other, serve the prison sentence for the fire that broke out when the g. Do we really hope that the "home life of the Beetle will be less exciting in the future?" This film can look like a story about the arrival and departure of miniature insect species, but Starevic communicates much more than that. This is not a story of bugs? it's a story about us. And that's amazing, right?
