For lovers of animation, this is mandatory, but even the general audience will enjoy CAMERAMAN'S DISSEMINATION, a very early example of 'pixelation' by diligent pioneer Vladislav Starevic. Starevic and his assistants tirelessly manipulated the inky flexible insect figures to tell this story, paving the way for the beloved Villis O'Brien, George Pal, Rai Harrihausen and legions of modern digital effect creators. DETECTING CAMERA is long only for ten minutes, but there are many fun details, as the story follows the love adventures of two bugs from home to the nightclub, hotels, cinema and, finally, the prison cell. There are two short dance numbers in the nightclub (derived from the frogs and elves cavalry), quarrels between the bugs and the grasshopper, and the big donnibrook in the movie, which ends with the projector that flames. Pretty elaborate events for 1912, when even John Bray and Winsor McKee just started, and Walt Disnei was still in elementary school! It is interesting to note, too, what kind of influence the change of silent movie title card can have on the stories. I saw two versions of this movie offered by two video companies, and I looked them back, and although the content of the image is almost identical, two different sets of interfaces speak of two very different stories. (A drawing that someone described above tells another third story, suggesting that there is another version.) The British Film Institute's press, which has media from the rhymes, tells the story of two brother brothers, each secretly married, hidden. this information from one another to inherit the wealth of his deceased father. The second, the Russian press, speaks of a simpler story about marital teeth who are guilty of unbelief. В русской версии г. Beetle visits her girlfriend at the Gai Dragonfly nightclub, while in English version, brother Bill Beetle visits his wife in the music hall. Personally, I prefer direct story and Russian story; the BFI version attempts to get too complicated about what should be a simple story, and some rhymes are a bit unpleasant. However, in any performance, CAMERA BACKGROUND is a wonderful movie, and it would be an ideal introduction to this second great animated work featuring turtles, YELLOW SUBPARTS.
