Mary Pickford has often stated that Tess Skinner is her favorite film role. Well said! She played the role twice, and for this version she produced, she had to buy not only the rights of Adolf Zukor, but even gave her a recognition on the main cover of the film. Needless to say, her representation of this role here is the most victorious. Indeed, in my opinion, I regard the film as one of the premier silent film experience. True, Director John S. Robertson does not move his camera or inch from start to finish, but in Robertson's skilled hands it not only does not matter, it is probably more effective. A creative first-order artist, Robertson is a master of rhythms, camera angles and editing. He also made great natural performances of all his players. Jean Hersholt, who runs heavy, is so disgusting, it's hard to believe that it's the same man as a kind Dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes is one of the best acting in his career. True, this is probably not the way Miss White did, but serves the land perfectly, because otherwise there would be difficulties to explain why the drug consumed the fortune of defense but did not even make the slightest attempt to determine who actually fired a gun that He killed his future. Brother in law! Needless to say, this special quality of a cute hero reduces Jack Ging in a 1960s version that has been completely erased, which completely deletes the author's strong attack on the self-satisfied, middle class. Pay attention to how a well-washed priest moves here forward or suddenly into a break, but then he does not try to help our brave little heroine in performing the duties he himself supposedly ordered to administer. This is a very touching scene, because it is so realistic. Tess also provides an insight into the work of another fine actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was entirely limited to a silent film. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote her life to her husband and two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but lived until 1976, could easily contact Pasadena, but I bet no one had the brain to interview. Another lost opportunity! For me, Forrest Robinson made only a mean impression as Skinner. I thought it was a bit wrong, and a quick look at his filmography proves it: he usually played priests or judges! But, as usual, David Torrence was great. All in all, expensive production with beautiful photography and beautiful production values.
