This film fails to get involved and launch, even in 2008, audiences familiar with modern sound and computer-enhanced techniques. The experience of a 1922 movie visitor who could see this in the cinema with others on their big screen must have been a really deep and completely satisfying experience. It must be wondered if today a filmmaker can make a two-hour silent movie and make it interesting and achieve the same pace of structure and balance as this movie. The quiet filming of the film was pure art, it had to keep its attention through its structure, direction and acting - there were no slopes with more words or computer-generated distractions. Poorly made or uninteresting silent film is inconceivable. This film should be put into context for those who might be upset by recalling Christian themes. This is not a "Christian" movie, it does not sell anything. These topics, together with the current moral standards, often appear in this era - and Sunday in the church was a national past, Christianity is given in most households, so the film only shows the normal life as it was then. The topics would have been true and deep at the time. It is most weird considering the strong support of good Christian thinking about this particular film (and this does not preach to any religion, but only emphasizes the difference between the hypocrites and the sincere ones) that in 1922 the pastor was in an open debate with he condemned Pickford as an example of immorality, along with some other persons he had appointed, to the film industry's representative with a large audience. The New York Times 1922. Perhaps they should have watched this film that also came out in 1922, and learned some lessons. Pastor complained that the film industry began to deal with church attendance has fallen to 500,000. However, the representative of the film debated the following observations; that the presence in the salon also fell, that in the prison there were many more pastors than actors (fact) and that the selection of several examples among many was not representative of the whole. Thus there was a permanent battle between the church and the film industry in the early days of the film. This is a wonderful film about sincerity and truthfulness towards family friends and willingness to sacrifice. Mary Pickford, naive, honest, lively, full of happiness and joy, faithful, witty and quietly sacrificed - though poor and uneducated - was a perfect character. This, however, has not been cast into our throat, but is little by little detected through the film. This is reminiscent of some modern Chinese movies in which characters slowly, thoroughly discover during the film and this is a pace that creates a stronger relationship with the character. The first part has a steady pace that builds all the elements for the last part. The last 30 minutes are excellent film works and must be appreciated that it was achieved without a good sound dialogue - it was achieved with skillful acting and excellent direction. Sometimes it's surprising to realize that at the end of the film you have not heard any spoken word, but it seems like you've heard everything. Supporting the performance was largely performed by Gloria Hope, Jean Hersholt and Lloyd Hughes. The last few minutes are typical Pickford's underestimated humor while she goes out on the excuses to sweep the snow, almost perfect balance and finish. This is a special type of touching humor that should not be underestimated. Chaplin often used this device and copied it from Pickford. Another special observation on silent films, and especially about Pickford's films is that the star often has to hold the camera for most of the movie without the audience becoming exhausted or boring, while the actors are exaggerated. That Pickford is usually the center of attention through most of her movies, but people have not yet been able to get enough proof of her fine acting skills.
