If it was the original version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRI from 1914 (also starring Marie Pickford), I would probably rate it much more, because this type of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was typical for the young. However, by 1922, this film has already begun to show off its years. And, in comparison with many other films by Mrs. Pickford (like DADDI LONGLEGS, SPARROVS, MY BEST GIRL AND SUDS), TESS comes to a very short time - and not every Pickford movie deserves 10 (even if it was the American soul) This does not mean that this is a bad movie - it certainly is not. But I can not see how many gave this film 10. The film has a very long and complicated plot - especially since most films from that time it was shorter.The rich old hand builds a villa on the top of a hill beside the river. At the bottom of the hill there are some dirty squats that hate, but He can not move out So he tries to find different ways to remove them from the earth One ends up in a tragedy when a fiancée of his daughter was killed in a fight with people in the row The man who is accused of murder is the father of dear Mary, Innocent. To make things worse, the only witness of real murder will not speak, and a dead man has gotten his fiancé! So, at this moment, we have an innocent man in prison who is waiting to be executed and a pregnant woman is afraid to say to her daddy's father "in a family manner". The movie has another ton, like a son who falls in love with Maria, but it's best to watch the movie alone. The film is somehow excellent. The action, although very complicated, is also very interesting and the cinema is top-notch. The final scene itself is pretty cute. However, there is so much open sentimentality that you can practically cut it off with a knife. Maria is so good and so cute and so crazy, sometimes the viewer can consider it all difficult to accept. Although she worked great in 1922 (making her the biggest star in the world), she is very old today. This is not true for all her films, but this is certainly true. Otherwise, DVD with Entertainment Entertainment is of decent quality, although several scenes are badly degraded - something that is not very surprising given the age of the film. Also, the only added content is short filmography.
