Uneducated and defiant, the BEAUTIFUL TEMPORARY is a daughter of a fisherman who sits on the land of a rich man. Calm and courageous, she catches the heart of the millionaire's son, but violence, terror and sudden death are what will persecute her near future before she can accept the sweet peace of happiness. Mari Pickford is extremely charming in this wonderful movie. She considered that Tess was her favorite role and she was fulfilling her funny joy and enthusiasm, which made her become the most popular film star in the world for years. The story has all the essential elements for a modern fairytale, and Mary is a wonderful, upset heroine obsessed with various dangerous, stressful situations. Atmospheric atmospheres are first class, with an outside fishing village specially conceived. In an accompanying division, Jean Hersholt stands out as a wicked villain who is trying to force Pickford to marry him. Hersholt, a very gentle soul outside the screen, greatly manages to show the complete moral corruption of her character. This was actually the second time Pickford recorded a TESS. The 1914 version was one of her first important films, but its production values ​​were somewhat outdated by the standards of the 1920s (without close-ups, for example) and Marie, producing her own films and sufficiently strong until 1922. The film she wanted , she decided for the only time in her career to process a movie. The end result certainly fulfilled its expectations. Both films were very popular at the box office. The fascinating study for some future film researcher would be the influence of Christianity on the life of Mary Pickford; it surely flows like a golden thread through the silent films she produced. Although romanticism inherent in the very nature of silent cinema could lead to these spiritual feelings nowadays somewhat embarrassing, we are forced to accept them as sincere thoughts, their own repetition, Mary's sincere convictions. One great scene is highlighted in TESS: Pickford is learning to read through the Bible. She points to Lloyd Hughes (who plays her dear) on a word near the book, which she does not understand. He is tempting for her (the word is obviously "crucified"), and the eyes turned Heaven as the full sense of the Sacred Sacrifice on it, Mary's face becomes positively blissful. The brilliant new orchestral score for TESS was delivered by Jeffrey Mark Silverman that perfectly underlines the beauty and the path of this wonderful film.
