PAGE 3 **** of 4 stars Madhvi (Konkona Sen) enters your boyfriend's house and is empty. He looks over there and then goes to his bedroom and gets a picture - "Ah! the other girl ?? It's two-time baddie and it's really his two times her, but the GUI is this time around. And I say "Brilliant!" END OF SPOILER (The listed scene is not a spoiler ... but for me it was so I did not want to take a risk) Asked how this film was, my friend replied 'oh, that it's just P3 people's exposure "that led me to believe it's bad to watch a stupid movie if nothing more. When I went to the theater, I thought, "I'd better take a pen and paper to record bad things about this movie," but I turned out to be completely wrong? and then some because I could only collect goods. This movie was great. It's great, not because it's an unconventional and non-commercial cinema like a story, but because of the wisdom of the script and how this film tells you brilliantly to deal with a movie that could have been a stupid and meaningless movie if it goes into the wrong hands. /> Konkona Sen Sharma is mercy. She's so damn pretty, she's perfectly attached her role as if she was born to play this role. One of the most charming actors I've ever seen. But this is not the only performance that is good in the film, there are Sandhia Mridul, Boman Irani and Atul Kulkarni. Especially Sandhia Mridul who just fired the screen. (And guess what even unusually accentuated Tara Sharma speaks normally) Movies are acting with some stupid old entertainment celebrities of the film industry and others, and you get an idea of ​​what this movie will be about. And about half an hour through the movie you feel almost the same. But then the film picks up the pace of a good story and never let it go. Even Boman Iranian agrees with this statement ?? "It was a good story, Madhvia." (Thank you). It is a great deal to be concerned with the question of how these people are in style and do not make it excessive, they also deal with social issues and do not make them boring. In the end it's all riding a slide, and Madhvi informs us that you're just laughing at all those people. Just the reason I like to watch movies. An extreme film. The scenario is beautiful, smart and funny.
