Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film to reveal the lives of the rich and famous, while at the same time commenting on the integrity of journalism today. Celebrities endlessly like to see them at these parties, and to be exposed to the media. In fact, the film would allow us to believe that this exposure is EXCLUDING celebrities from the community and that the newspapers have a big hand in it. IMO has much more synergy between well-known personalities and the media, and this is the kind of "I need you, I need you" type of relationship. However, the media needs familiar figures, not the other way around. In any case, in this milieu of an uninterrupted party, the social column (page 3 of the newspaper) was repacked by reporter Konkan Sen Sharma. She is portrayed as a celebrity, very popular at social gatherings. He has a good friend in Gai Abhijeet and the fighting model Rohit (Bikram Salu). She has rooms with a housewife? sassi Pearl (Sandhia Mridul) and an actress who is struggling - Gaiatri (Tara Sharma). The editor of the newspaper is Boman Irani, and Atul Kulkarni plays a firefighter for the fight against crime. The movie has too many turns and characters, but it works at a certain level. It turned out that the rich are mostly corrupted by the core, and the film business has shown that it is untouched to the maximum with scripts for sofa, exploitation of power, hunger for media exposure. In all this, there is a layered homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that seems to have little to do with the story or complication, unrestrained use of drugs, pedophilia, police "encountering" death. In the light of all these wishes, Pearl has a super-rich husband, a social daughter who is left to a sexual encounter in a car, women who are suffering, all seem benign illnesses. Film is Absolutely Excellent Konkan Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role? damage in my opinion. But support is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). That's what keeps the movie for me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites more than he can chew or rework on the celluloid and turn the film into free for everyone. I would like to focus on one or two aspects of social illness and more effectively explore them. He caters to social exploitation, but he also exploits all the massage ingredients needed to make the film successful. We have a number of items within the thematic party in Bollivood, drugged children dance a perfectly choreographed dance at Westbury beat. I hope that the next one from Madhur Bhandarkar will dare to reject even more stereotypical ingredients of Hindi film. The movie is a brave (though defective) effort, certainly worth the hour.
