Page 3 is one of those films that Madhur Bhandarkar makes to expose social dirt. The movie is tempting, but, like most Bhandarkar films, it's one-sided and too pessimistic. This film deals with tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrities. The film reveals the lives of societies, whose lifestyle is catastrophically brave, distinctive and repulsive. They are having fun, taking care of nothing but glory, planning parties at funerals, craving for more money and a greater reputation, doing everything to get enough time in the media, to keep their names boldly printed on daily newspaper columns known as "Page 3" with huge photos that will be at the heart of people's discussion. They seek for care, they are loyal and hypocritical. The film industry is shown as a sleeve, with a casting sofa that is common among filmmakers. Our wonderful heroine, young social reporter Madhvi Sharma, was thrown there. All these Mumbai elite people depend on her articles and she is the right person to be friends with these parties if you want to mention her in your article. Later in the film, we find that even those who are Madhwi friends do not differ from these people of a high society. This was hard for me to watch, although the film is undoubtedly brave, and the issues that are interesting are interesting. The music is average. The only transient songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", which are singing two melodious queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. One song that was especially terrible is "Movies Veronica Films". Writing a movie is pretty good. The other half is far better than the first, because more turns and exposes much more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. There, the movie must be applauded. It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore such crimes out of fear and disappointment in the character of Conca Sen Sharme was very easy to connect. She was great during the entire film and her acting in the last few scenes was particularly impressive. Atul Kulkarni was very small, but he fully responded. Boman Irani is a solid editor-in-chief. Sandhia Mridul is as sweet as Madhvia's roommate Pearl who marries an elderly man for money and is fair enough to admit it. The end of the movie is really well done and provides some relief sighs after unimaginably difficult procedures. Page 3 is a good movie, it is interesting and sometimes moving, but the level of its interest and general quality is undermined by its exaggerated, overly untidy and negative display of the rich and famous.
