Now all children and teenagers in Springwood, Ohio, are dead and expect a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) to remain alive. Freddie (Robert Englund) let him go, and the teenager does not have much memories when he arrives in the new city. When a heavy female psychologist (Lisa Zane) tries to break through a new patient. She finds out where it is from. She brought him to Springwood to encourage some memories of three teenagers (Lezlie Deane, Breckin Meier and Ricky Dean Logan), who unexpectedly got on the run. When they arrived in Springwood, the psychologist had some memory that she had lived in that city before as a child. Although Freddie knows the true secret of his true identity. The director of Rachel Talalai (Ghost in the Machine, Tank Girl) made a dark, but somewhat strange, different sequel with some visual style and fun moments for this horror. / fantasy / thriller. Iaphet Kotto (Alien) has a minor role as an expert on psychologists about dreams. This has some genius visual effects (Not everyone will love the highlight, especially the 3-D) and some good style in your storytelling. This made something of a series of films at the box office. DVD has a powerful anamorphic wide screen (1.85: 1) for transfer (also in Pan & Scan) and strong Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound. DVD has an original theater trailer, Jump to a Nightmare and Cast & Crev information. The series "Elm Street", the eighth disc, has interviews with actors and a team of this sixth movie. The sixth film is also in the 3-D film for the peak of the film, but you can watch it on the 2-D. This is the latest Elm Street movie, while Ves Craven did not revive Freddie in a different, darker style in "Nev Nightmare" and a stupid, but surprisingly cozy spin-off of the horror movie "Freddy Vs Jason". Watch out for Robert Shaie (co-owner and co-CEO of "Nev Line Cinema"), Roseanne Barr, Tom Arnold, Johnny Depp and Alice Cooper in funny cameos. Written by Michael De Luca (John Carpenter's In The Mouth of Madness). From the director's story. (*** ½ / *****).
