After reading other mild criticisms and comments, I felt that I had to come to the bat for this film. Roegovi movies tend to have little to do with each other and expect this one to be one of the ones he believes to be his favorite. What this film is is a thoughtful and ruthless view of faith. The only movie he is - in terms of his religious message - would have to be Tolkien's Rapture. I was surprised that anyone could say that the story is confused or supernatural. It's a simple movie about Catholic faith, wonders and redemption - although you would never have guessed it all the way. It is also the only film about which resolution, literally, can be said to be a player. As (fortunately) I fell Catholic, I know what is being done in the film and I find a kind of love in my ultimate innocence in the relationship between God and man. But, if you are not familiar with the kind of theology on which the film is based, then it will immediately go over the head. As a movie - unlike the story - 'Cold sky' is not revolutionary. While 'The Rapture' is difficult with pictorial significance and movie imagery, 'Cold Heaven' diminishes its film quality. There are no noticeable shots, no sharp effects, no attempt to adjust the content to the form. It's radical shooting, but humiliated. Nor does it have a dialogue or acting to put it in a high drama class. It's a simple story that's just happening. It may look strange; but in the end, a mystery is revealed. It looks ambiguous; but with a line of ambiguity disappears in the infliction of the Catholic dogma. In this sense, 'Cold Heaven' has exactly the same thing in its heart that runs a movie like 'The Sting,' or 'Sixth Sense' or 'Final Descent' or Polanski 'Pure Formality'. All these are movies with a trick in the sleeves. I can frustrate you by the way, but they have a point - obvious, indeed - but the entertainment is, at least partially, that you are busy. Still, even if it seems like something more than a hairy story about a dog with a hit line, it's worth looking at the way it guides and misleads you. Try - especially if you are or have ever been a Catholic.
