While he was in Romania with his CIA dad, Toni (Adam Arkin), a rather talented high school student who was considered a rescuer who finally brought his team to victory over his rival Simpson, said the reader of the palms (.. Romania, people are not allowed many books , so she began to read the palms) that the inferno ("When the month is full, do not make any meetings ... you will be busy"). Well, who would have imagined that .. Tony was actually eaten and his life would change forever. After his father unfortunately dies in an accident in his shelter (!) Under strange circumstances (shooting a son of a werewolf in a metal shelter is not a good idea, especially if the bullet does not leave the room and refuses like a flipper that has disappeared), Toni travels the country through the endless until he is tired of packing, and returning for decades (.. and many US presidents) later to hope he will bring his football team to victory over the Simpson. long time ago. What used to be a very white, pure high school really turned into a ghetto of drug use, violence and perversion. To get an idea of ​​how the celebration of Full Moon high school students in the early 1980s looks like, I think Studio 54 with teenagers. The parody of Larry Cohen on the shoulder movements, among other things, is full of gaga, homage, and jokes. My favorite sequences contain one in the classroom sex, where Tony discovers the 80th grade his transformation of the insects and the introductory scene of Dr. Brandu (Alan Arkin, who steals a movie when Kenneth Mars is not on the screen) is probably the worst psychiatrist on Earth. His job to talk with a jumper leads to two men falling from the balcony ... a jumper and a fireman (initially trying to get him out of it), both furious at Brand! The brand even tries to force Tonia to sign the fluctuation because his body is taught by science to get his fur coat on his wife! Kenneth Mars rolled me on the floor as a trainer of a homosexual football (.. and later in the 80's as a director) who likes to piss his toys on the buttocks .. that scene in which Tony unloads the truth in the sex-ed class is classic. The film is full of inspired casting choices .. just full of funny characters and acting interpretations ... like Ed McMahon as a very conservative military wanderer that actually looks identical to Joseph McCathy next to his photograph in a bomb shelter (.. he always talks about communes) , Joanne Nail as Rickie's outspoken eyes in today's fall on the wolf, Elizabeth Hartman (Patch of Blue) as a mousy, nerdy sexually abused (and abusive) teacher who finds attraction to Tony, James Dickerson as deputy (.. his brilliant scene g and took the line from his police chief, reciting Dr. Brenda, who begins to pronounce words for herself), Roz Kelly as Jane, an innocently dedicated woman who wants Tony only she has constantly demanded that she be raped and Bill Kirchenbauer like Flinn, Tony's long-time friend and now the chief of police who received Jane only after his friend left the city. I can not forget JM J Bullock as Flin's gai son who is trying to fit into school in the hope of finding a lady with hilarious results. I like how the film honors a wolf-like genre like he is often referred to in the papers as Jack Nipper, because he likes to bite his victims on his face ... and I'm not talking about the face. He saw more as harassment than danger. Respecting Carrie and Psicho is beautiful, and the violin is also fun. Koen casts so many spectators on the viewer, in the end he has to keep up. Obviously in a comedy like this one, not every joke has hit its seal, but many do it. The act makes this worthwhile. The film looks cheap on the typical Larry Cohen budget. Pay attention to the scenes from the 1950s in which the old members of the actors who would appear on the road were wearing brilliant wigs. He loved Adam at the helm. He is the perfect foil for jokes that accompany him and the chickens he plays from the Cohen scenario. The film is moving fast, rarely breathing. I loved this horror comedy more than it seems.
