I'm not kidding about that summary and voting! Video distributors have done this as another typical 80-day wrestler movie, but this is in fact the biggest parody of the horror genre you can imagine, making for the horror movie what Blazing Saddles did to the west. I've seen a lot of comedy - good, bad, stupid, strange, etc. (Usually going without impression), and I think comedy must be the hardest genre for filmmakers and actors to work - just need the right Touch to make things successful, and part of it has good ideas. "Full Moon High" is good with ideas - so much so that Zucker / Abrams team "Airplane" and "Naked Gun" can easily be frustrated. One of the best is the presence of Ed McMahon in the main role of the right wing in the style of John Birch. Jokes, non-sequits, sorcerers and word play are literally nonstop and everything, including a kitchen sink, is thrown inside. The ironic tone is very similar to the "Back to the Future". Some people (for example, almost every reviewer here) must be excluded by the spirit of anarchy here, but I almost died of laughter, and this is one of those films in which you never know what kind of situation a situation is running out of. Since the exclusive film of B-film Larry Cohen did not make the right comedy before, he gets the feeling that he was compensating for the lost time by including every joke that he or his associates could remember. Whether it was Mel Brooks, critics would call it a comic masterpiece, but because Cohen made it, it was rejected as it was. Critical reviews called this film "stupid". SILLI? What should be the comedy - serious?! After all, I laughed more for this movie than any other. Koen laughs with everyone - including herself, with many references to her usual brand of low-rent movies; he and the actors must have a complete explosion by doing this. Humor is very Mel Brooks-ish, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watching lots of B-films (especially horror) will love this. Believe me: the film is not difficult to find, and as long as you accept it for what it is - a slide of laughter in your belly without any social value - then you will truly enjoy it! One Anchor: this movie should somehow enter history as the only thing Bob Saget ever played (though in short), which was actually funny.
