I do not know why people besides a lot of low-budget indie movies enjoy this because I'm a fan of urban horror. There are not too many horrible horoscopes there, so when I saw this on the shelf, only the title reached my curiosity. So I decided to check it out and I was surprised ... it's not too often to encounter a low-budget indie horror movie with a great game and a good story. Is that a small budget? Yes. Can you say it's a small budget? Yes ... but when you start to watch a movie, you become so wrapped up in a story that it does not matter. And I love hip hop music and the soundtrack is beautiful! I do not know what's wrong with all those bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "the worst movie ever". Did the idiots watch ANY movie there? There are thousands of movies there, how can you categorize it as "the worst" ever? A video that is not "film" as "zombie" can be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can not say it's the worst movie ever since I did not see every movie there. In the end, these people who gave this film a bad critique are probably from the suburbs. Listen, if you do not like minority, urban movies, ghetto movies, hip hop, etc. WHY TO CARE THIS TYPES OF FILMS ??? !!! Knowing that you do not like this kind of thing? Of course, this is a horror movie, but it's not just a horror movie, but a URBAN horror film with multicultural actors. I do not like TV shows like Davson's Creek or O.C. Movies like "Garden State", "Vedding Crashers" and "I Heart Huckabees" SUCK for me. I'm a guy from Nev Jersey and these shows and movies are my shit. Why? Because I can not deal with them. They do not fulfill my interest. Just common sense. Believe me, I will never look back. COUNTRY STATE 2: ROCK SALAD, MORE 2: Here is a continuation to bother you again from the first sucking of such a bad and hearty typing. Now we are returning to this film, in connection with the saint405 commentary above, I do not know whether this guy smoked a crack or got "stupid" from his drunk father before watching the movie, but for me they all did a great job . The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a VERY good job. I am an ambitious actor and I am a theater actor in my school, and I had to make a play where I had to cry and it was not easy to be emotional in the scene, and I give props to actors who have to work on an emotional scene and can pull it off. Anyone, I liked this movie and I've never heard of these actors and directors before, but I bet I'll take care of their stuff for now and if they read it, GO TO SEQUEL !!! I'm going out. Jerzee Representin '!
