Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come out to play, and even boys in DA can not stop it. This low-budget, direct-video production seems to be timed in line with the release of Land of the Dead, the latest version of the famous series of zombies by George A. Romera. Setting the ghetto and hip-hop soundtrack can provide added attraction to inner city dogs. Ricki (Carl Vashington) works in a medical research facility as he raises his brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But a teenage girl who is bored with dinner in macaroni and cheese in their house will prefer spending time while hanging out with street friends Mark and Kev. It is obvious that African-American high school students do not have much to work on this side of the bay except to deal with drugs and to argue with homes, including rival Latin gangs. Ricky plans to sell the house of his late parents and move to the interior to Castro Valley, a more middle class, and probably a safer environment. Unfortunately, before this happens, shooting from the car leaves Jermaine dead on the porch. Ricky's hit by Ricky are trying to make the last desperate trick. He told Scotti, his laboratory assistant, to steal some of the experimental formula for cell regeneration that they tested on rats. When a double dose fails to revive Jermain, there is no choice but to call 911. But the ridiculous thing happens on the way to the morgue. The boy is revived like a spray, cutting down the zombie, chewing the drivers of the ambulance cars and the tether in the night, bent on the vengeance and the hunger of fresh meat. Feeding food inflicts more casualties, and before the night passes, the Eastern Gulf is a battlefield between the living and bloody undead. The genre of horror has seen more than its part of the cheap filmmakers, from Ed Vood to Herschel Gordon Levis to Charles Band. But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad films. Consider the developers of Val Levton (Cat People, Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Poe Roger Corman, Romer's Night of Dead Dead and Halloween of John Carpenter. The difference between the unforgettable and the horrible has more to do with talent and ambition than with money. Hood Of The Dead Dead is more fun than several hundred million dollars worth of recent expensive horrors. Cheaply has its charms. In really cheap movies, actors wear their clothes in the middle of the right settings. Here the houses of the house have freshly painted walls in neutral matte tones, which gives the gluttony oppressive as well as the Douglas Sirk bourgeois melodrama in the fifties. Lines seem more improvised than the script. "So what are we going to do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for any thing that looks unusual." Ricky and Scotty call their boss, who calls a former soldier named Romero. "I have a huge whore of the problem that we have to worry about quickly." "It's not a problem," Merc says, closing the phone and grabbing the weapon. Everyone has a weapon, and even when it fights against zombies, they are on their cell phones, and who is not today? Information is exchanged with naturalistic underestimation. "What happened?" "We got into it with some crazy moms." "Deja F N 'vu. That zombie is again in the park again ..." Ricky even has to blow up her girlfriend who shakes, saying only: "She came out of her hand." Unlike most zombie films, this gives rise to a motive for a crime. Jermaine was avenging the bangers who killed him, who continued to murmur. It's urban film creativity that involves its own social commentary, an almost guerrilla production that suggests a future of low-budget horror that reflects real life instead of supernatural clichés. The Kuiroz brothers, who protected their name as in the expectation of a new movement, can inspire others to tell stories stemming from personal experience, but not imitate a tired Hollywood product. Taking into account their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Kuiroz have made a cheap but technically acceptable feature of the people they know. Photographer Rocki Robinson is doing the job, Eduard Kuiroz's music is no easier than Carpenter's theme of Halloween, and the hip-hop songs The Darkroom Familia and others add to the atmosphere. The result is promising, if not exciting. They learn their craft and, unlike Levis and Vood, who have never been better, their next one can be one for watching.
