Almost from the very beginnings of the film business, there was a "race". Movies with virtually black actors made segregated poverty studies (more often than they were the owners of the whites) for theater in the ghetto. With an increasing urban flame during the 1970s, this idea was revived by the wave of "blakploitation" images made for urban houses that covered the black actors and a funky atmosphere over traditional B-movie films. This trend has even expanded to horrible features, with titles such as Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill, which are used to versions of the monstrous standards. And did not die with the closure of most urban theaters? just slowly dropped into the video and continues with low-budget editions directly on DVD, such as this one. Ed and Jose Kuiroz's Hood of the Dead Dead, adopts the recent popularity of horror films for the hip-hop audience. Ricky (Carl Vashington) is a young scientist in Oakland who is trying to reduce his younger brother Brandon Daniels out of trouble after the deaths of their parents. After Jermaine was killed by a drug dealer in riot, Ricki decided to use the experimental formula for cell regeneration in which he worked in an attempt to save the life of a teenager. Apparently, his efforts are nothing, and Jermaine's body is taken away. However, the body never goes to the morgue ?? Jermaine is reborn in a coroner's van as a zombie hungry meat. He kills drivers, then goes to the gang who killed him, spreading zombie infection wherever he goes. After hearing Jeremy's friends Kevin (Derek Tailor II) and Mark (Raul Martinez) of attacking the gangsters, Ricki thinks that the only thing to do is catch Jermain and try to conceal the whole thing before he and his accomplice Scott (Chris Angelo) were arrested for the riots they caused. However, they soon discover that the disease spreads too rapidly to control them. By making things simple, the Kuiroz team manages to produce a fun little horor feature without getting to the point where things start to look bad. By the way, they add some interesting parts of the business. When he first confronted a zombie, Scott says to Ricky: "Shoot him in the head like in movies!" ?? Effective as any way to discover how to kill zombies. An additional turn is added when the first blow to the head does not kill the brain, adding discomfort to the viewer. Another good thing is that the soundtrack uses only limited use of the sub-Eminem style rap, setting in standard "angry" music.
