Hood of the Dead Dead had much to experience even before the opening of the loan. First, any notion of "... living dead" invokes His Holiness, Mr. Romero is currently setting a high standard that many films can not afford to stretch. And secondly, my companion who watched the movie claimed to suspect that any urban horror film would have surpassed the seed Leprechaun In the Hood. We're skeptical about watching. We were awarded a surprisingly sincere and benevolent zombie movie. Oh, surely the budget is low, and of course, directors amateurs fill in the actors, but Hood of the Living Dead loves cinema zombies. Cheap? Yes. But when this is cheap, you can clearly see where LOVE holds it together. Ricki works in the lab during the day and as a surrogate parent to her younger brother at night. He dreams of moving from Oakland. However, before this planned flight, his brother was killed in a ride. Ricky's enthusiastic scientific mind is an option that is better than CPR or 911: an injection of an experimental regenerative formula from his laboratory. Unfortunately, the little brother is waking up in an ambulance as a bloodthirsty zombie from Oakland! Chaos and crime! I think it's more economical to eat enemies than to get revenge on the ride, but again, I'm a bad judge about the complexity of urban life. In a response to the bloody scene in which there were four men, I said, "Ah-ha! White T-shirts in everyone so that the blood appears. Economically!" Jordan replied, "No, it's a gang's dress. White T-shirts were for some time banned from Nev Orleans bars. "Oh.) Many movies are placed in someone's living room, so there are many hanging out and waiting for zombies. But the characters are nice and the movie is Sincere - he ghost overcomes his budget. The explanation of the zombie: When a man plays God, zombies arise! Or, maybe: Keep right ila testing approved by the FDA before experimenting on humans! Zombie canon contribution: This is the first zombie movie I saw with the shoot from the drive. As for real zombies, the infection is transmitted by a bite as usual, but a rather unusual shooting in the head does not work - it's a heart attack that kills. Zombies have impulses, whose absence proves true death. And these zombies make pretty cool sounds of Jaguars. Free zombie movie in jokes: a mercenary named Romero. Groan. Favorite Zombie: Jaguar-noise of little brother zombie, of course!
