most of the bad reviews on this website blame the "Hood of the Living Dead" for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) The film is of a low-budget type without practical action; 2) It was so bad I laughed 3) It was something I could do. I will not even discuss the first issue, because it is a very subjective thing, whether you like low-budget and independent things or not. I must say, however, that I still do not understand people who rent a movie like "Hood of the Dead Dead", and then they are surprised when they realize that it is not as polished and sweet as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthev McConaughei. As for the second point, I really do not see what's so bad about laughter. I personally love to laugh, and I like the movies they are being charged for, whether they are comedies or horror flicks. When in "Hammerhead" I saw this girl enter the PUDDLE, and from there came a shark man to eat. I was grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure entertainment. Frankly, laughter only makes me good, and it seems that many people write it as a bad thing. If you just want to feel sad and frightened while watching a movie, "Hood of the Dead Dead" and low budget moves are definitely not for you. But, please, do not come and tell us to think it's funny. We already know that. This is probably the reason why we decided to watch the movie in the first place. However, this is the third point that leaves completely confused. Only a few years ago people rose from the theater to see the "Blair Vitch Project", a way that is more rudimentary, boring, a film without work and a bad actor than the "Hood of the Dead Dead" (and taken for itself) seriously). Moreover, half a million people go to YouTube on a daily basis to see short films "Loneligirl15", which can certainly be done by everyone with a sweet girl, a room and a webcam! Not to talk about all the more amateur videos you can find there. Why do not people blame these pistols for bad acting and non-existent actions? I think this is one of the best things of our time that anyone, with affordable technology and a bunch of friends, can make their own films and share them with people who share similar interests. And I feel a certain admiration for people who spend weekends with their friends making a bad (but refreshing) piece of garbage like this, instead of shopping at a mall or just playing video games. Leave aside your prejudice and your desire to sound like a smart film critic by attacking b-movies, and you will see that the "Hood of the Dead Dead" can bring you almost the same fun as it did to its creators! If you have a taste for refreshing and enjoyable domestic horror films, I recommend "Zombiez", "Ghosts of Eden Dale," "Bloody Eye", "Monster", "Do not Look Into the Basement", "The Worst Horror Movie Ever Made," "Redneck Zombies" "Jesus Christ Vampire-Killer" and "habit".
