The eye in the labyrinth is not your average Giallo ... and to be honest, I'm not really sure that it's really Giallo; but Giallo or not, despite some problems, this is certainly a very interesting little movie. I do not hesitate to call Giallo because the film does not contain most of the things that make these films as they are; but many genre entries break through the mold, and it would look like one of them. There are no brutal murders in the film, as many Gialli do, but this is compensated by the surreal atmosphere and complication that is confusing enough to remain interesting for the duration. The action seems simple enough because it focuses on a doctor who killed Julie, his patient, who sees him for some reason as her lover and father and is offended when he leaves. Then we move into a big house where more people lived, but nothing is actually what appears to be a series of secrets surrounding various events that happened before Julie ... to confess something about how the mind is like a labyrinth. This has never been ruled out, and I rather like to relax and enjoy what is happening, not to worry about when the film (if any) is trying to make it. The eye in the labyrinth is directed by Mario Caiano, the director behind the brilliant Night convicted several years earlier. He does not create an atmosphere in this film as he did in the previous; but the surreal aspects of the story fit well, and the mystery is always maintained, which prevents the film from becoming boring. The film is played by Rosemary Decker, which provides a candy in the eyes and provides a good performance. Most of the rest of the actors are not worth the relevance, with the exception of Adolf Celi, who is as good as the villain of the work and Alida Valli, whom the cult fans will remember from a whole series of great cult movements. The film is explained at the end; which is lucky because I'm sure I'm not the only viewer who was more than confused then! All in all, this may not be a classic thing; but it's good enough and worth a look.
