This little movie is a gentle and relaxed giallo. It turns from some clichés of the genre and adopts a more loose approach. It's about a woman looking for her missing lover; a psychiatrist who suddenly disappeared without an obvious reason. Her quest leads are in a villa inhabited by a group of eccentric individuals. In the right way, murder is never far away. Actors are really pretty good. We have Aldofa Whole (Thunderball), Alidu Valli (Suspiria), Horst Franca (Cat o 'Nine Tails) and very young Sibil Danning (80's screaming queen). The main actress is Rosemary Decker, and although I'm not familiar with her, she works well in guiding the image. One of the main features of Eie in the Labirinth is its music. Usually for giallo there is a jazz-rock fusion soundtrack. This scorecard, composed by Roberto Nicolosi, resembles Miles Davis, especially his work on In The Silent Vai. It's a great soundtrack and really gives this movie a different feeling than most gialli. The fusion gutter emphasizes the weak atmosphere and compliments the sunny, marine landscape that is mainly made of film. This is giallo, so we really have to talk about sets of killings. Well, this movie is a bit short in that regard. It's certainly not deprived of them, but it's a bit too far away. The opening of a san-murder is probably the best in the offer, as well as an unforgettable set-up car. But this is not a very violent movie. However, I do not think it should disappoint too many experienced fans of this genre. The mystery is quite striking and has enough eccentric characters (the idiotic boy Saro and so irritably not called accent?) And moments of bizarre pleasure; while the sleaze factor is supported with whole nudity. The eye in the labyrinth is played as a giallo version of the mystery of Agate Christie, because it contains a group of timeless characters in a villa, on suspicion of murder; we have mandatory flashbacks with details about their connections with the last hours (very unfortunate) victims of the murder. Although this is not an example of the A-genre, it's definitely attractive, because it does not borrow too much from other sub-genre films. For giallo enthusiasts I give this thumbs up and I hope that one day they will get a good DVD transfer. It certainly deserves treatment.
