I have not seen the original "Incredible Journei" since childhood, so I can not compare two versions. This version speaks of three animals, two dogs and a cat, whose owners leave them with friends in the village when the father of the family has to take over a new job in San Francisco. Pets, believing they are abandoned, run away and embark on a long journey through the wilderness. This story is perhaps the easiest shot as a cartoon, but both versions are actually live - action movies made of real animals. One big difference is that in a later version, animals speak human voices, giving each one their own personality, something that has not been done in the original film. (A similar device of speech animals was also used in other recent children's movies such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics are pretty sniff about the use of this device, but it is my opinion that giving animals to personalities helps to strengthen the film rather than to weaken it. Animals were starred by the stars of the great name, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fok and Salli Fields. Both dogs are male and their relationship is parallel between many people in "friend-friend" movies. The shadow, the golden retriever, is a wise, experienced older dog; The case of a younger one is chubby, bold and impulsive. By British eyes, Chance looks like a boxer, but it's actually an American bulldog, which is obviously different from his British cousin. Sassi cat is a woman with a fairly primary and regular personality. She is very proud of her status as a cat, which in her eyes makes it extremely superior to any dog. ("Cats rule, dog praise!"). From the point of view of adults, the film has a series of errors; can be sentimental, some of the incidents (such as the one in which animals are able to catapult a mountain lion into the river) are quite incredible, and human characters are completely forgotten. This, however, is a movie that is mainly aimed at children, and I suppose it will enjoy immensely. Every child who loves animals will do it. (Comments by some professional critics such as James Berardinelli, who complained that animal voices reduced the "size" of the film, only strengthened my view that professional critics are not always the best guides for children's movies. "Homevard Bound" concentrated on its alleged size . One thing that adults will appreciate is the photo of the Californian mountains of Sierra Nevada, and they can also appreciate the film mix of humor and excitement while fugitive lovers meet with dangers such as bears, mountain lions and dick. defends in the wild. This is a very pleasant family film. 7/10
