SPOILERS ALERT Homevard Bound: An incredible journey is an important movie from my life, because it is the first movie I remember in my home theater as a 4-year-old scamp. The story is based on the novel Sheile Burnford, and the reason is why it's not possible to write this as a meaningless Lassie clone. Basic story: Two dogs and a cat happily live in the Family of Seaver, when the new husband of a mother of three children gets a job in the city and they must temporarily move to San Francisco while animals are sent to a ranch to They live for several months. The links between animals and children they care are particularly strong, and the Senka Golden Retriever and Sassi Himalayan Cat are broken hearts as well as children, although a young and happy American Bulldog known as the Case is a little less concerned and a bit cynical (partly because of the voice that explains that he was abandoned as a puppy, buried in a shelter for animals and bought by his family), although his growth as a character in the story provides much of the important narrative. Three lovers escape from the ranch and go into a wide and dangerous wilderness (by the way, fantastic wilderness settings), driven by the shadow instinct in the direction of movement. By the way, they face several hazards, hoping to succeed at home, while the family and hosts of the ranch are suddenly concerned about the disappearance of animals. There are entertaining moments, a great dialogue between the three animals and the hilarious line (see - unforgettable quotes), and the touching friendship that grows among the main characters during narration, interrupted by the moments of sadness (such as when Sassi's arrogance in an attempt to cross the river, it becomes wet, causes it to fall into the river and wash the waterfall, leaving a moment of loss that is deeply felt by viewers. Somehow, I do not see what the addition of a salvage girl lost in the wild contributes to the story and travel they deal with. Somehow it seems ma about unnecessary as part of the story. The ending increases the role more when the shadow falls into the pit in the backyard and hurts the leg, it is difficult to get out and give it up, exhausted, followed by chance as it climbs with him to persuade him to he climbed up, telling him how important he was to him and how he pushed them so far that he would not be able to throw it away so easily. The way this scene (brilliantly done) is not completed leaves the ambiguity that relates to the final scene when Chance and Sassi returns home, but Shadov can not be seen anywhere. Then, as everything seems lost, it slowly appears and re-unites with the family. The conclusion of the chances in the end speaks about the partnership that has developed between him and his colleagues on the journey, and the knowledge of what is really home from his long journey to arrive there, leaves a good epilogue to show how much his character has grown, but also how the other two have got. Wait a minute, I think I'll cry ... In any case, I did not read Sheile Burnford's book, so I'm not pretending to know where the differences between book and movie lie. But this is a movie that all members of the family can watch, and while tots love the animals they talk about, older viewers will better understand the line of complication (as I discovered when I watched the movie after a few years without seeing it). This film is a masterpiece in the cinema and I suggest that, if you have not seen it, you go out and take it! And please avoid continuation (see my comment on Homevard Bound II!)
