"Homevard Bound: The Incredible Journei" is one of those beautiful old pet movies. It deserves a place among the big films of its genre, and even cinema-world in general, along with other animal films such as "Old Ieller", "Napoleon", "Fluke" and "Air Bud". This means that it is more than a movie about pets. Can this be just a "remake"? It's too good to be a "remake"! I know this one by heart, since the early teens (when I was 12 years old). It is a family movie that is precious. It is emotional, exciting, adventurous, exciting, fun, humorous, charming, sweet, nostalgic, beautiful, touching and sometimes dramatic. One of those films that smiling the faces of those who value this type of film. This film has no quality disadvantages. It has a well-designed story, nice characters, great and relaxing instrumental soundtrack, luminous scenes / landscapes of the magnificent Sierra Mountains (in Oregon). Speaking of visurams, not all mountains are: forests, trees, rivers, waterfalls, sunsets ... in the end, all pure natural wonders - really full of panoramas. The main human characters are fine, well-developed and well presented by relevant actors. Robert Hais is brilliant as a good father, Bob Seaver. Kim Greist is as good as Laura Burnford. Veronica Lauren is as good as Hope. Kevin Chevalia is conventional as Jamie's youngest and sweetest brother (his looks really remind me of Kevin Corcoran in "Old Ieller"). Benj Thall is great as Peter Burnford. When it comes to our four-legged friends, Shadov is my favorite. The shadow is loyal, wise, mature, beautiful, caring and loving old golden retriever (brilliantly expressed by Don Ameche). The chance, American Bulldog, is the opposite of Shadov. He is careless, ridiculous, impatient, worried, clumsy, hilarious and likes to play (said talented Michael J. Fox). The chance simply can not stop. Sassi is a symbol of the image of a cat: elegant, independent, very confident and proud, with a typical attitude of cats, but with a certain feline charm. Sassi is a Himalayan Seal Point cat, one of the most beautiful breeds of cats. Sassi has expressed Salli Field, which also works well. Our four-legged friends are, by themselves, great "actors" by nature: Ben as Shadov, Rattler as a Chance and Tiki like Sassi. It is an underestimated movie, but a classic by its own right. His sequel is obviously inferior. This should definitely be on Top 250.
