This comment contains spoilers! There are several actors who have intangible for them. This innate quality is the amalgamation of charisma, panache and svagger. It's a quality that can separate good actors from really bright. I think George Cloonei has Jack Nicholson. You can look at Clooney's subtle touches in scenes such as his one word of goodbye Andi Garci in Oceano 11, when they only despise the name of another. "Terri." "Danni." You can choose any number of Jack's performances from five light pieces in the restaurant to a few good people and his scene in the courtroom. These guys have it. You can add Denzel Vashington to a small and exclusive list of actors who are delighted with this brilliant feature in everything they do. If you look at some of his explosive boundary transcripts in The Siege on his impressive tribute to Malcolm Xu in Spike Lee's feature film, you can see there is no actor working today. I do not mention all of this in order to insinuate that a man on fire is perfect only because of Denzel's work, but he is definitely a production rod. I literally hypnotized with some of his scenes that are raw, emotional and flamboyant all at the same time. He hit the bottom quite a bit because he became disappointed in the life he was leading. He killed and maybe he did something that was best left unsaid and made him a hard-working and bitter man. His friend, and perhaps the mentor, who Christopher Valken played very well, lives in Mexico and lives very comfortably by providing bodyguard services to the rich. Obviously, the job of hijacking in Mexico is so lively that you paid ex-USS and so can be very good at providing the service you need. Creasei needs a job and accepts a job with a family that works well, which seems to be in some financial difficulties. Marc Anthoni is as good as Samuel, Radha Mitchell is sexy as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning are just incredibly brilliant as Pita. I do not know how a child of her age can have such a range to play the characters she does, but her interpretation of Pete is nothing but Oscars. The whole first half of the film depends on the relationship between Pite and Creasy, and if she was a weaker actress, perhaps that emotional synergy would not be so cruel. But Fanning is nothing but extraordinary role. The relationship between Pite and Creasy launches this movie to the top of the movie. Together they are perfect and a real connection has developed between them. Tony Scott is focused on frenetic urgency, and his eye for visual noise has never been better. I'm interested in seeing his next film, Domino. I think Scott is one of today's directors and with more films like this, his name will surely be elevated to the status of the icon. . There is a definite connection between the two of them, and perhaps this stems from the fact that although Pita loves his father, he is not much nearby. He's a philanthropist and obviously he has little time to spend with his family. Soon, Creasi leads Pitu to his swimming competition. She reads her stories for good night and calls her bear "Creasi". It's not just friendship among them, it's more kinship, and it seems that deep parental love is present. The film changes the speed when Pete is ridiculed and held for redemption, and Creasi is almost fatally injured trying to protect her. This is where the story becomes thick with allusions and ripe with deception, because the pieces of the piece are obtained as an onion. And this is where Denzel becomes a tour de force. As I said earlier, I saw Denzel give some extraordinary performances in movies such as Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I never saw him like this. He is obsessed with the possibility that Pita is dead, he becomes a literally inflamed man. He rages in him while hunting and eating his brand. Denzel's anger and rudeness are ubiquitous and can not be easily quenched while hunting every person responsible for Pita's injury. All this justice, as the Mexican authorities always look like one step behind. What is most important for the courage of this film is that there are several movies that actually give criminals the necessary income. I was often frustrated by watching movies where bad guys were easily released. They inflict all kinds of pain on the whole movie, and then kill it. But not in this movie. Writer Brian Helgeland sees retribution here unambiguous and painful. The perpetrators feel the Crisis of anger here and they experience the pain that he frees. There is nothing in his kind of justice. He needs information and someone loses his finger. He wants answers and a homemade bomb is set up in places that are intended for other things. There are no blows here and this is one of the true strength of the movie. Man on Fire is one of the top five films in 2004. get SE. It is equipped with bonus features that include about 6 hours of documentaries and various comments. 10/10
