When I remember I saw the performances for this film and I do not think much about it. It was almost one of those films that when you look at the review, its amazing picture, and when it comes out, you can not hear anything and completely miss it, and your memory does not completely correct the mistake to miss it. Man On Fire was one of those movies. Once I was curious about renting, and I decided to take it home, my precious Blockbuster lease in my hands. I watched him and was a witness of such a wonderful movie. It's like no one else ... drama and action in combination to create something amazingly spectacular. The cinema by Tony Scott is extremely well made and unique, unlike the other film. Subtitles can explain something without listening to real voices, and music is very intriguing for this setting. I entered this film, and eventually I bought it as soon as I left the household and went to Best Bui. I looked at him several times. Denzel Washington (Creasi) is doing an amazing job by becoming a lost man of special forces without a reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita), from the very beginning, returns to life with his immortal love. They connect and become good friends, while they are not kidnapped by the infamous gangster part of Fraternity, La Hermandade. Creasi (Denzel) says to Dakota Fanning's mother that she will catch the killers, fearing that Pita is dead. Here Creasy really shows the person he can become. He uses his contacts from Pitta's abduction and Creasy's hospitalization to find one of the men and he begins his search. My favorite line is in this film, when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that "man is an artwork, in everything he does ... cooking, anything to paint his masterpiece." He plays a very unique role in Creasy's old partner and friend. After finally persecuting Brother "Voice", the leader of La Hermandade. Creasi is organizing a meeting to sell Pita for himself and his brother Glas. In the end, Creasi dies from an early murder, and his wound is also inflicted by mass loss of blood. It's a very honest and sad end, but a big one. I love this film and I recommend it to everyone who wants an unforgettable movie. The story is in depth, everything is explained from beginning to end, and nothing in any way in any way.
