- Kidnappings in Mexico are commonly used as the media that give me their phone numbers, so if you're rich then you need a good bodyguard who will keep you and your children safe. The couple hires an washed bodyguard called Creasi to protect his beautiful child Pete. Initially, their relationship is a bit dull, but after a while, Creasi makes it easier for a girl and the two develop the relationship of father and daughter. One day Pita was kidnapped and Creasy was seriously injured in the process. When she wakes up, she finds out that the girl was killed because of the redemption negotiations that went wrong, and creates Creasy on the way to find men responsible for her death and to make sure they are brought to justice. > <br /> - Keep some Tilenol next to you while watching this movie because you will have to take it after you watch it. I really love the story of going to the extreme for revenge, because most movies usually only want revenge, but they really do not go too far where this movie shows how far a person can do what he thinks is right. The only problem is boring visual style that will either make you hate a movie or hate Tony Scott. I'm really sorry about the cinema because I'm sure that he came in this movie thinking that he would shoot an action movie and he probably aroused, but instead he had a DP for a director who thinks that the entire film should look like they are obsessed with demons. I would not mind that shitty visuals are limited to several action scenes, but when it's expanded through the whole movie then it's when we have some problems. The same boring style that was recently used on "Domino" and the same as with this film, hurt this otherwise great film. - Another person I'm sorry about this movie will soon be great Harry Gregson Villiams who had an impossible task to try to compose music from the jagged pictures. Villiams somehow wrote good music for the film, but I'm sure the film would be more stable then the music would prove to be much better. The sound is misused during the movie and instead of improving the film experience, it seems you feel like you are being punished. Excessive use of the subwoofer is irritating as every 5 seconds, or so you can hear the lowly sound of the low level that comes out of it. I do not know why Scott thought the audience should be bombarded with a subwoofer, but that really separates you from the movie. - The play in the movie is a beast, despite visual representations. Little Fanning does another great job and the scene at the end of the movie just breaks my heart. If at the end of the film nobody cries, then they are dead inside. Denzel Washington breaks the rule not to shoot movies about action and happiness, it plays a great character for him. The whole idea of ​​a man who is lost in life and suddenly because of a tragedy finds a purpose in his life is nothing new, but Washington brings some heart and emotions to an otherwise flat character. I like to test him from being a loner to really learn that he has emotions and after the kidnapping has become a cold instrument of revenge. Radha Mitchell plays Martha Anthony's wife and she, along with Fanning, has two reasons why I can not hate a movie too much. J.Loa's husband is coming and going to the film, but he does not stand out much. Mickei Rourke and Chris Valken have minimal roles in the film, but they have an impact. -The one thing that makes me laugh is how filmmakers try to make up for the shitty way of showing Mexico by the call that is a fine city at the end of the film. It's kind of too late for this if you ask me. Let's hope that Tony Scott ended up with this stage deliberately trying to destroy his career, because the film maker is talented as he CAN and must be better than this.
