You know that you are a little different when the movie has Christopher Valken playing the role of a professional killer - and he is not one of the bad guys! Although this could be done with some clever cutting here and there, "The Man On Fire" is generally a delicate criminal drama that moves in tone from open sentimental to completely brutal - and almost every imagined tone between. Denzel Washington is playing Creasy, a former CIA killer who recently left the job and seeks some kind of redemption for the sins he committed. So far, he has asked for answers in the bottle and the Bible and does not do everything well with them. As the film opens, Mekica Citi is ravaged by a series of hijackings aimed at the powerful and well-being that may have been committed by the police in charge of maintaining law and order in the community. Creasi accepts the position of bodyguard for the daughter of a wealthy business owner who is rightly afraid of her safety. The first third of the film is dedicated to the growing friendship between Creasy and his assignment, Pite, a sweet little girl who slowly but surely breaks into Creasy's original hardened heart and affection. The last two thirds of the film turns into a melody called "Revenge of the Angels", while Creasi systematically searches for and eliminates all those responsible for the tragedy that occurs in the early story. Based on the novel by AJ Kuinnell, "The Man in Flames," written by Brian Helgeland and greatly directed by Tony Scott, is a coldly effective action picture that never goes away from the brutal brutality of the subject. The risk is to ask us to identify ourselves with a man who, for all intentions and purposes, made his redemption by torturing and killing (though reluctant) people. These scenes of slaughter and violence are both intense and uncertain, even if they sometimes border with exploitation. Even better are quiet, intimate moments between Creasy and Pita in the early parts of the film. Washington and Wonderful Dakota Fanning establish a natural, comfortable relationship that helps set the stage for the chaos and turmoil that follows. Washington transmits the film with its quality of stoic justice, making us understand its character. at an emotional level, even if what we do is evicted intellectually. In addition to two leading performers, there are solid performances by Valken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But Washington and the wonderful Mrs. Fanning steal the show. "The man on the fire" would have been better with about half an hour pulled out of the run, but this is even better. from an average criminal thriller.
