Although released among the flock of vengeance action movements (KILL BILL VOL. 2; KALINAR; HALLS), MAN ON FIRE works as well, thanks largely to Denzel Washington, one of the best actors today. IN A MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Kuinnell's 1980 novel (first shot in 1987 with Scott Glenn), Washington plays the former mercenary who now fell out of the flick of Jack Daniels , while his old partner (Christopher Valken) does not offer his old partner (Christopher Valken). a chance to buy. He is employed as a bodyguard for a 10-year-old daughter (Dakote Fanning) of the Mexican businessman (Marc Antoni) and his American wife (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning first work as oil and water (they do not mix very well), he really gets in touch with her, encouraging her to swim better, while at the same time trying to deal with the demons of the past. . It is this connection that will force Washington to return to its old job when Fanning was kidnapped and held for a ransom of $ 10 million, and was almost killed. With almost any other action hero (Schvarzenneger; Segal, etc.), Later bloodshed would be the same repeating thing we saw a million times before. However, the character of Washington, though killing for some reason, does not enjoy particularly what he does. Nevertheless, he gets the help of a very fearless reporter from Mexico (Rachel Ticotin) to uncover La Hermanidad (Brotherhood), a kidnapping gang responsible for Fanning's abduction. MAN ON FIRE is wrong a bit about the work on hyper-cameras, almost montage mounts on the headache, and various movie supplies that are parallel to the course of their director Tony Scott (TOP GUN; CRIMSON TIDE), but which are not necessarily unique to him (Witness Oliver Stone used the installation in JFK or Sam Peckinpah in his classic films of the '60s and' 70s). Still, Scott gets a very good performance from Vashington, as well as Fanning, who encounters much more than a typical movie kid. Harry Gregson-Villiams's Spanish guitar score is enhanced with soundtracks by Chopin, Debussy, and even the classic countri-rock version of Linde Ronstadt from 1977's Blue Baiou. Although the film is quite violent, it's not worse than most of the action movies in the past ten years, and is generally much better than the majority.
