Maslin Beach is a true nudist / naturist beach south of Adelaide, on Fleurie Peninsula, in South Australia. It's also the name of an Australian movie that used the beach as a location. The Maslin Beach is marked as a romantic comedy. It could be a little deceptive, because it's not a "hilarious" movie, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but there are times of carelessness. Just like life, there are moments of sadness. It is also fully recorded on the above-mentioned nudist beach, and the nudity extends along the entire film. The spectator quickly learns to accept it as normal, and concentrates on the plot, not on the abundant amount of meat. park. They take their things to the beach, while as they walk, the voice from Simon talks about his confusion about what is true love. The rest of the film is a study of this, framed by a full day on the beach. The basic story is about what is going on with Simon's love life, but there are many other characters to be featured in several separate vignettes. When they arrive at the beach, both Simon and Marcie look bored. Marcie sees them as a romantic couple 'Romeo and Juliet'. Simone is all bored. Then we meet with Gail (Bonnie-Jaie Lavrence), Paul (Zara Collins) and Jennifer (Jennifer Ross). They walked along the beach and talked about Gail's chances to find the 'perfect' man, assisted by the 'powers' of a necklace that brought happiness to her grandmother. However, there are many interesting people on the beach, who are not all 'attractive' and young people (part of the realism of this movie). To serve patrons on the beach, there is a puff, a short ice cream dealer with a van. This is Ben (Gary Vaddell), who is Simon's friend and his unofficial advisor. I think this character is the main comic element. It's hard to say, because in Ben there is nothing that would make you laugh out loud unless you were drunk, male and very young! Maslin Beach still has a significant redemption feature, which is not to be kept too long on any topic. Since the quality of the acting is variable, the scenario is suspicious and everything about the Maslinska beach is cheap, the lack of continuity is a positive benefit. In fact, there is something in this movie (and not about nakedness) that I find attractive. It is difficult to define what it is, but it can be something that is connected with its openness and an open 'Austrian' attitude towards bodily things. Working cameras on the beach Maslin deserves to mention. Sometimes it is very good, with some stunning static footage and 'plates' of the beach, cliffs and sunset. Since nakedness is the main factor in this movie, framing is an important aspect of the camera's operation. There is no point in rewarding in framing, which means that framing is done so that the camera does not stay in the "private" parts of the body. This helps to ease any sense of discomfort of the viewer because it is within the "personal space" of the subject and makes the film more delicious. It's not an easy task, considering the location to shoot. Maslin Beach is not even a "skin shift" for post-pubescent men suffering from testosterone, nor the 'Mills and Boon' romance for under-valued women. The olive beach does not look anywhere in the genre. Actors are not 'attractive' in terms of Baivatch, and they're just 'normal' people you could see on the beach anywhere. It does not have a message to be transmitted and it would not even be a tourist advertisement, except perhaps naturists. Apart from the Australian accent, recording could have been in any sunny country. What makes this film extremely prominent is the fact that this is meaningless (cinema verite?), And only Australian cinema and other national medium-sized cinemas can consider such an option. At the same time, these medium-sized cinemas have room for experimentation in the search for identity, and the 'flop' will not do too much damage to their reputation. It is always possible, bearing in mind that the Maslinska plaza is now a collector's item, that the film can become internationally popular, but is unlikely. During this critique, I sounded very negative, sometimes on the Maslinova Beach. This is not an actual position, because I saw that the film is very easy to watch. I enjoyed it as a reflection of close realities and real people (and problems). The problems they face in the film are the problems of everyday life, and a bit of extraordinary spectacle. In my opinion, it does not matter and I want more movies to deal with this everyday life. There is a connection with the cinemas of Europe, and especially with the French film. They rarely deal with major accidents or disasters, but everyday. Hollywood is in direct contradiction with this, and is riding at the top of a hyper-actual action / drama / wave of the wave. And the pace is much faster in Hollywood, but this is not a reality. The olive beach is not exactly "Jackues Tati," but it is on the right track, even if it ignores the issues of multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation, and so on, which are of such great importance in the current cinema. I'm sure you'll either love or hate this movie, with little space for the middle ground. <br /> <br />
