"Muppets Take Manhattan" differs in many ways from all other Muppet's films so far. First, he remains the only Muppet movie that is not owned by Disney. Since 2008, the film still belongs to the 20th Century Fox (CBS Fok at the time of its release), although Disney has rights to Muppets. Also, this film has a line of stories that is very non-linear and events that are otherwise unpredictable. Naturally, it is very difficult to beat the original "Muppet's" in 1979, especially since the film had more memorable songs than "Manhattan". However, one of the ways that "Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "Muppet's Film" is perhaps a surprisingly realistic scenario. In the first film, everything Muppets really have to do is go to Hollivood, enter the agent's office, and immediately get a "Rich & Famous" contract. In this film Muppetsi learns that they actually have to work for their desired success, which is much more difficult to do, especially in a fun business than they initially thought. It is an important and often overlooked message, provided it is willing to suspend disbelief that Muppets, being small and made of fabric, do not necessarily live in a spacious place or even eat. Above all, their struggle to do so after graduating from college create a very good story. One more note: The brilliant beacons in the movie were cool, and they surprisingly managed not to remove the reflectors from the Muppet. This capacity exists exists for Henson's testament, and how Muppet's characters were attractive to even adults. Where "Manhattan" falls, and I'm sure people will agree with me, it's with some of the key songs, especially at the end. I thought that the wedding song "He Will Make Me Happy" is too gloomy for such a happy occasion as a wedding. It sounded more like a song that is played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, I hear this song seems to me unusually depressing, especially when the film starts in such an optimistic number as "Together Again" and ends happily for that. "Saiing Goodbie" was also a sad number, but better fit into the film because the Muppets broke up and were not sure they would see each other again. This last song was so down, and maybe even added to younger viewers to see that their favorite Muppet people are leaving the big screen. "Muppets in Manhattan" are generally a good movie, and one that marching in the rhythm of another drum from other Muppet's films, including those newly made after the deaths of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the film is moving in the same direction. I just wanted the film to end up with a better song that was not so melancholy. In addition, Disnei should get the copyright to this movie and give it the right DVD release. Maybe someday. We'll see.
