This was the third Muppet movie, and the last Jim Henson took part in the filming before his premature death in 1990. The first three films in which actors played, all were made and put into theaters before I was born. Originally I saw the first and second wars in the original trilogy, The Muppet Movie and The Great Muppet Caper, sometime in the mid-1990s, as a kid, but I did not see this third, "The Muppets Take Manhattan" It was shortly after I For the first time in many years he saw two predecessors and in 1996 "Muppet Treasure Island". This third Muppet movie definitely did not disappoint me the first time I saw it, and my second look almost three years later may not have impressed me so much, but if not, it certainly did not go too far. > Muppet's musical, "Manhattan Melodies", turns out to be a big hit on their campus. They graduate from college, so they will soon leave, but they will decide that everyone will stay together and go to Manhattan to try to appear on Broadway. Upon their arrival, they begin to search for the manufacturer, but after many rejections, they finally decide to go and find a job. Most of them leave the city, but Kermit stays, and is still determined to find the right producer and unite the Muppet Band. She gets a job at a restaurant in New York owned by Pete. The frog quickly interacts with Pitina's daughter, Jenni, an ambitious fashion designer who is currently working in her father's restaurant as a waitress. While Kermit continues with his attempts to achieve fame, now with the help of Jenni, he does not know that Miss Piggy has secretly stayed in New York and is now spying on him. It starts to see Kermit and Jenni together, and it looks like they are getting closer, which leads to jealousy! When I saw this movie for the second time, at first glance it looked disappointing. It looked a bit hurry, unmerciful, and perhaps even forgetting about the beginning. In this part of the movie there are some funny things, such as Animal looking for a woman through the audience at the college campus, but briefly, the film seemed to me mildly compared to his two predecessors. Fortunately, it was not long before it changed. The film is funny for the most part, with "Saiing Goodbie," a touching song Muppets sings as part, and much that happens afterwards. Two of the funniest works can be angry Miss Piggi after seeing Kermit and Jennies clinging, but it was definitely many times when I laughed, as poor Fozzie tried to hibernate with other bears. The Muppets still have their charm and comic antiques, which obviously help to transfer the film to a greater extent, as well as the action, simple but intriguing to all ages. There are some weaker moments, such as the Order of Muppet Baby, and Julian Donald as Jenni, but none of these problems are too significant, and it's far from destroying the whole experience. I would say "The Muppet Movie", the film that started the franchise in 1979, is best from the original trilogy, and this seems to be the most popular opinion. This third film is probably the weakest of three, but everyone is good. Unlike "Muppets From Space", the third franchise film that emerged after Henson's sad death, at least "Muppets Take Manhattan" is still Muppets! I will not go into details about what I think about Muppet's 1999 film, published twenty years after their first one, because I already explained in my review why it was so disappointing, and although there is some appeal, I am obviously not alone. However, every theater film in which the appealing Muppet that emerged during Henson's life was a good time for the whole family, even if the second and third sequel showed a slight decline in quality after the one that preceded it directly.
