**** SPOILERS **** Film "Sniper" is undoubtedly based on the exploits of the legendary American Marine sailor Karlos "Gunni" Hathcock. The humble, quiet Mister Rogers, who raised the number of as many as 300 confirmed and unconfirmed military soldiers in Vietnam and North Vietnam during his two visits to Nam. Tom Berenger is cool and deadly as sergeant Tomas Beckett who is at the end of his career as a top US sniper, but who later in the film realizes that life as a civilian will be meaningless. Since there is nothing outside of him to work with his skills he learned in American marines, unless he decides to become a mob hitman. Backet reluctantly accepts her destiny as a lifelong professional killer for her country. The story of the movie "Sniper" focused on Sgt.Becket with the help of a former sharp silver medal winner and agent of the US government Richard Miller, Billy Zane, sent deep into the Panama jungle. Two snipers should retrieve rebellious General Miguel Alverazeo, Frederic Miraglitto and Colombian drug king Raul Ochoa, Karlos Alveraze, who supports him in the planned military takeover of the country. We see earlier in the Sgt film. Beckett's scope and take out rebel leaders that I think is the best scene in "Sniper". Because it shows step by step how Sgt. Beckett with the help of his observer Cpt. Papich, Aden Young, is doing his job. There is also a sub-plot that was subsequently interrupted in the film about rebel sniper De Silva, Evard Vilei, who had been persecuting Becketta and who later killed Papich while both were waiting for them to get them out of the jungle by a military helicopter. You would think that the deadly cat and mouse are playing between them, which will culminate when the film is over, but the sergeant. Beckett did not have any problems deploying DeSilva early in the movie using Miller without doubt as a bait. The most hurtful movie was ironic for the last fifteen minutes when the story crossed from one. He shot a film about killing snipers on a Rambo-like Sgt. Beckett and agent Miller are fighting against an entire rebel battalion with flying fights like the London Fog. Sniper is still worth watching because of the fact that it tells the story of a person who is so far not truly glamorous in war films: A lone killer who kills with the precision and skill of a diamond master or a realized neurosurgeon and who does it in total secrecy.
