This film is not a kung fu movie. This is a comedy about kung fu. And if, before making this film, Sammo Hung did not spend some time watching films of great French film director Jacques Tati (i.ie., for example, the Special Jour de Fete), he certainly is on the same wavelength. Personally, I think Taty's films are hilarious; but not all tastes. Some of them told me they were disgusting about his work. I never understood why, but I think that this is because the character that Tati usually plays alone, so completely dead pan, so unchanged about the events around him (which usually causes) that many miss the subtle comic pieces that happen around <br /> < In any case, Tatian's main protégé - or at least his most famous - is to take a pretentious upright little bourgeoisie with sensibility for the 19th century and to throw it away in France in the 20th century where he has to face society that is largely defined gradual erosion of these sensibilities. Usually there are serious difficulties with small things such as recorders or radio. He is a car in danger, but the world is not safer when riding a bicycle. But through all this, he never loses his aprobiacy, stemming from his inner admission that the nineteenth century was more interesting than the 20th in general. In a similar way, the character Sammo Hung whom I play is a boy from the land came to the big city of Hong Kong, fully convinced that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee there made kung fu movies. It brings him in trouble in small ways, for he takes steps that would never be noticed in a small town, but which are considered unsuitable in a big city - such as the moment he appears to be urging on the street, a policeman. he stopped him, only to find that Hung actually pushes water out of his shirt, soaked in the event of accidental crash into the bay. What is interesting about this plug is why Hung did not understand what a policeman is doing - in a village town, as long as nobody is watching, if you have to go, you have to go. In other words, Hung is not really urinating on the street - but surely - and what is the problem officer? Of course, Huns' obsession with Bruce Lee also brings him into great trouble. He attacks a gang of bandits who refused to pay to his uncle-owner of the restaurant. Of course, in Bruce Lee's film, the robbers would be considered excessive, and they would learn their lesson. But in Hunga, Hong Kong, unfortunately, reality prevails, and the robbers return when he is not nearby, in order to defeat his uncle. Naturally, Hung finally triumphs in the end, just as Daddy always did. These characters must always triumph (at least in comedy) because they are completely innocent, and as such, despite their comical mistakes and misunderstandings, they really represent what is best in the people we admire and want to be. We really do not want to be Bruce Lee (who must suffer the loss of all his friends before he gets a chance to win a bad guy), we, in our own innocence, really want the world in which Lee's heroes are <br /> < > Unfortunately, that world exists only on the film. "Ah, but what if ...?" - and we can find Sammo Hunga in his comedy.
