Sometimes realism can act against the efficiency of the film. No problem here. Sets are cheeses, inside and out. The fog is ubiquitous, half concealing the durability of production. If there is a bar, the name on the front window simply says: "Wine and ghosts". The result is a set of claustrophobic scenes. No one shot of the city or even false horizon. It's the kind of Dublin that the story is about, just like Jack Trbosque's films about the dirty, blurred Vhitechapel. Who would want otherwise? How has it been otherwise in the absence of stars that can be banked, with a small budget, and with a four-week schedule? Acting follow suit - unheard Hamm at all. Sometimes, my God, that's a positive. Mrs. McPhillips was roaring after Frankie was murdered outside the house. However, Victor McLaglin provides the right kind of over-performance. The wardrobe pushed him into a too small jacket, so it seemed to be coming out of it as Frankenstein's monster. It seems that all his movements go a little further than anticipated. When you hit your cap on his head, lay on the temple. Large, bright baby, looks like he's drunk all the time. He issues his best friend for a reward that will take him and his future girlfriend to America, not a good guy in the ordinary sense. However, we twitching as he begins to spend 20 pounds more and more, over wild, alcoholic night, because each set and grandiose gestures drained away from his dream. I would not argue, but I understand why he won the Oscars. As for Mak Steiner, wow. Every movement, which is already exaggerated, is not only underlined with the Mickey Mouse music, but it is highlighted in a shiny yellow color. It should not have happened - heavenly choirs, lovely young charms, boyfriend's boyfriend, screaming, while McLagland drinks from a bottle. It would be better if there are no results. <Br /> <br /> Well, how is it anyway? Date - by any measure, but not a product of its time. That's why I admire her. Yes, the symbolism is sometimes awkward. McLagland, the real doll, hitting the head of a higher sign. Fog. A blind. But what impresses me is how little was done at that time. What strikes us today as too skillfully, it was 1936 something quite different from what is seen in most of the programmers who at this time are. If sometimes falls, it does not matter. The film was an act of courage, politically and morally, as well as poetic. (Legija powers had sentenced him for the scene in a brothel.) The director has to overcome his grasp, or what's the script? Looking at him now, however, in 2006, the story is more disturbing than ever. John Ford obviously sympathized with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only from what they see as a necessity. ( "He knows too much for life. What if you went to the Tans-a? Oh, that's not me-I think of all of us, Ireland itself." I wonder if jihadists in the Middle East do not use similar logic to justify their acts of violence.
