In the mid-1930s, Hollywood regained its confidence after a difficult transition. Although all technical sound problems were resolved very quickly, it took more time to solve the issues of how conversational images should look, how they should be structured and how they should behave. Informer is a key picture in that it shows the extent to which impotent moments can be transferred to the story, affirming the image of power without ignoring the needs of sound and dialogue. This does not mean that Informer really returns to golden days of silence. First, many silent images were not so purely visual in their narration and were overloaded with title cards. But what Informer has is confidence to extend moments between the dialogue, focus on reactions more than speech, and allow the recordings to be played simply for the atmosphere. Director John Ford, for all his abilities, was a director who seems to have made an effort in proportion to how much he was interested in the material. If he thought the story was stupid, he did it only half. Fortunately, Informer, with its community description, honor, working class life and the most important Irish environment, was everything Ford loved, and the result was one of his best works. In it, Ford only really uses too many bullets. Is it the first place? Dublin streets wrapped in fog and dark so that their farthest depths can not be seen; dirty interiors in which walls and ceilings push us. The other is the face of the face, striking in close-ups on a common background, usually without dialogue, focusing on the internal conflicts of these people. Victor McLaglin's leader fits perfectly into this character and this way of shooting. him. McLaglen's performance does not look much like it's about 90% drunk. But the other 10% is honestly emotional, because here and there his Gipo Nolan has what alcoholers call the moment of clarity. With such performances Oscars won. McLaglen has spot-on support, among which there are no weak links. It is especially nice to have Donald Mick and Unu O'Connor, who are usually seen only in a comic relief role, once playing dramatic parts (although Meek's appearance contains one or two jokes, a tone of scene and much of his mode of work). is serious). Not only do these two bring incredibly deep performance, their familiarity with most viewers as a comedy gives an extra note of their role in this tragedy. RKO, which produced Informer, may be the most adventurous and ready to take on the risks of all major studies. Thanks to this, we can see a gloomy story with a disdainful anti-hero in its center, which could easily be an awkward, overly serious mess, instead of being filled with an unpleasant atmosphere and the depth of character that keeps us watching and attracts us to our world.
