Like many people here, I started to find my patience on how to deal with this movie. By the end, I actually shed some tears. It seems to be in the nature of most of the old films dragging for 7/8 lengths, and then burning in the end. Older filmmakers learned to patiently beat their time through slow parts, calm in recognition that it is a great gain on the road. But that's not entirely precise. You see, to the previous audience, what our "slow parts" were the main part of the story. They looked there and found an anecdotal and thematic interest. The modern audience, after Spielberg, is in a standing state of waiting to be hit by a slight peak every two minutes when he sees older films. This is the problem of inflation of modern films. Well, that will not happen. It is not necessary to apologize for these films; It's simply that you have to adjust your expectations and personal rhythms when you watch them. At this point, the difference between Avatar and Informer is like the difference between Euripides and the traveling production of Rent. Think about it for a minute or two. Not to burden obviously, but Euripid still deserves a hearing. The "exciting part" for most modern spectators begins with the Tribunal Tribunal IRA and passes over the last few minutes, which, if you are on board at all or even pay attention to that time, will tear your heart out. It is not about a high tone of universal abstract plea for forgiveness; it is the application of one dimvit, and those who complain about the big lummok, for a little grace. It's so personal, and it's a shameful bare appeal. Because, after being angry with Gipoa, irritated by him, thinking that this is the dumbest character of all time, you finally find yourself defeating the sight of Gipo's former girlfriend who begged the other woman to tell her man to help him. The film can be sentimental, but sentimentality is not cheap as some have been charged here. This is about life and death, and as long as you seriously consider the proposal of one life for the client, this sentimentality is drawn out of the most serious things. 8 out of 10. And the mistake of not being 10 out of 10 is mine and, to a certain extent, yours, if you are reading this. We all asked for more, more and more, faster, faster, until we could be set up in 1935 - just yesterday, really - as easy as we should.
