**** SPOILERS **** A Poverhouse movie that shows that men in desperate situations can go so far as to sacrifice their best friends and family members and do not understand what those monsters are. As in bulls like Gipo Nolanda, Victor Mclaglen, it's too late. It was in 1922 and the height of the Black & Tan Irish rebellion against the mighty British Empire with Tansa, the British occupying troops, seeking the assassination of the Irish Republican rebel Frankie McPhillip, Vallace Ford, for the murder of a British soldier. Gippo is a good, really best friend of refugee McPhillip who is unlucky that she does not have a job with her girlfriend Katie, Margot Graham, forced to turn her tricks in the red Dublin district to pay the rent. After the nasty bastard worked through a potential John who wants to spend a couple of hours with Katie, for shilling or two, angry Katie says not so shiny a gyroscope that it keeps her from supporting only the property he has at his disposal, her body. Katie also tells Gippo that he should wake up to reality and understand what a desperate situation it is. Speaking to the mind that Gipo said he would only cost 10 pounds sterling to go to America and come out of Ireland's poverty. , Gippo suddenly remembers the poster of his good friend Frankie McPhillip that he just saw an announcing 20-pound sterling award. It's enough money for both him and Kaita to travel to America. Gipo goes to a local flop house in Dublin and a public kitchen to get a free meal and is stunned to encounter his friend Frankie McPhillip. Frankie tells him he sneaks into Dublin to see her mother, Mrs McPhillip and sister Marie, Una O'Connor and Heather Angel, and if she takes care that everything is safe for him to go home and then go to her Irish Republican Unit outside the city . Everything that Gipo sees in Frankie's face is a 20 pound sterling fee for turning into the police! Without any other thought, after assuring Frankie that everything was fine, Gipo secretly went to the police station and informed him of his friend who later fired and killed him in the police and Tana shooting in his mother's house. He carried out the police chief's hand over 20 pounds sterling, similar to thirty silver, an almost emotional Gipou who takes it and enters through the back door of the police station so that one can see it. You can see on the face and actions of the Chief of Police that he has nothing else to completely disdain against Gipo's betrayal of his friend Frankie McPhillip. Although he was wanted for the murder and the enemy of the British Empire. So low traitors or informers keep even those they secretly work for. Gippo turns out to be his worst enemy after the release of Frankie, because his conscience takes control of his mind. Gipo sees and hears everything, including his unexpected girlfriend Katie, pointing her finger and pointing to Frankish betrayal and death by the British authorities. Gipo's culprit forced him to sincerely and gloriously wake up on the money for the prize, that by the time he was forced to confess his crime to his Irish Republican army colleagues, who had almost dead drunks and drowned Gippo at the trial, the money He was just gone to a party for a drink and a whore. Any good feelings, if possible, that you had for the weak and powerful shoulder of Gippo, was completely destroyed when he was in total despair, in order not to shoot, falsely implied the innocent man Mulligan , Donald Meek, in his crime of informing his friend Frankie McPhillip. Which is quickly exposed as a total fabrication by others, and not from the gipo-guided Gipo itself. The color then throws away the straws pulling for those who would be a bullet in the Gippo's head for the last chapter of this sullen heart and the unforgettable Classic & Punishment classic.
