However, morning television proves an invaluable resource for films that I would not otherwise be able to find. At four in the morning, I got out of bed and started to record 'Informer (1935),' my fourth film from the fertile American director John Ford, and great in that. Launched during the Irish Civil War in 1922, the script was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the novel of the same name, Liam O'Flaherty. Although he was born in the United States, and best known for his "Americana" pictures, both Ford's parents were Irish, which explains the director's decision to direct the film. Victor McLaglen starring Gipo Nolan, a brutal but well-intentioned scoundrel who informs of his old friend Frankie McPhillipu (Vallace Ford) to receive a 20 pound pay prize for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frenki was killed during an attempted arrest, the Irish Republican Army, members of which were both Frenki and Gippo, began to investigate the traitors behind the incident, any trail that approaches them and approaches the real culprit. In the meantime, Gipo was shot guilty over the premature death of his friend, and he descended into a heavy alcohol attack that confronts Don Birnam in 'The Lost Weekend (1945)' in his exaggeration. While Gippo drowns his sorrows in abundant amounts of alcohol trapped in a vicious small circle of depression, his extravagant consumption attracts the attention of research members of the IRA. For a time in his life, Gipo was surrounded by fans (including the funny J.M. Kerrigan), who were greeted with enthusiasm and baptized by King Gipoom for his physical power. However, it is obvious that these people do not feel affection for the man and simply show him the attention to use him for money. An additional 20 pounds brought by Frankie's death could never have bought a Gipo group of friends ?? Indeed, in the bitter turnaround of irony, money became possible only because of the betrayal and loss of one of his good comrades. A relatively simple colleague, Gipo could not fully consider the consequences of his actions and ultimately offered forgiveness because he "does not know what he is doing," but his stupidity can not go unpunished. Criticism has occasionally been set for Ford's film for allegedly propaganda support of a "terrorist" organization. Although this attitude is obviously dependent on personal attitudes {I do not know enough Irish history to judge], there is no doubt that the film shows the Irish Republican Army as an unselfish, dedicated and impartial, proud Irish patriotism if it has ever been seen. However, the main theme of the story is betrayal; driven by intense poverty, an ordinary man betrays the trust of his good friend and deeply regrets his actions. The tortured Gippo plays mainly because of pity, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance that gives a lifelong unsatisfactory existence, culminating with a terrible decision that condemns him to restless death. 'Informer' was John Ford's first great success, winning a total of four awards (of six nominations) including the best actor for McLagland {who grabbed the statue from a triple favorite 'Mutini on the Bounty' (1935) '}, Best Director and Best scenario for Dudley Nichols {who rejected the award for disagreement in the Union}.
