John Ford is one of the most influential and best remembered American filmmakers in film history, his name is usually associated with the western film genre. Nevertheless, John Ford's best film is not Western, but a chilling drama in the Irish struggle for independence in the early 1920s: The 1935 informant. The times are heavy for many in Ireland and burned Gipo Nolan caught in a network of poverty and despair - and the walls are approaching. The gipo is big, but it is not the brightest lamp on the tree, it has a warm heart, but a short fuse, and it seems that he never thinks to the end, but he is not a criminal or a selfish pig. Walking through the streets, hungry without a place to live, the wild Gippo Nolan finds the main lady in her life, Katie Madden, in the streets seeking for her desperate situation and begins to dream of taking her to the United States only if she had 20 pounds for it. As luck would have had, his friend Frankie returned to a city with a £ 20 pound above his head and Gipo is desperate enough to alert the police of Frankie's movement. Gipo, with a new 20 pounds of earned blood money, thinks this foggy night is especially blurred because the guilt is getting more and more and the IRA is investing all its resources in order to find Frankie's informant. Victor McLaglen shows Pippi Gipo Nolan and has definitely earned an Oscar for Best Actor, awarded for this film. His brutal, stupid and gentle turns give the carcartine a dimension, and McLaglen is just the second character of Dudley Moore Arthur Bach of Arthur's 1981 film as the most entertaining film drunkard. The performance of Margot Graham as Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglene are the only members of the actors who really impress. Preston Foster is particularly miscast as an IRA head, mainly because he is obviously not Irish, and JM Kerrigan borders on an irritating during his role in the film, but this disappointing support is the only poor film film. > Often overshadowed by some of Ford's famous Westerners such as The Searchers or The Man Vho Shot Liberty Valance, The Informer is simply one of John Ford's best films - if not the best. Starting with a long-standing career nomination for the Oscars and a win for John Ford, The Informer has won four Oscars, including one for best director in 1936. Ford and the company use shadows and light in the movie is particularly interesting and important to show performance. Gip's walk in the streets tells the dark state of the city and the obvious accusations of street lamps, every shadow constantly reminds him of his dark work. Ford's command was incredible to watch this technique; if The Informer was made 10 years later (creating genres), it would probably be considered one of the best nightlights of all time, but this does not prevent it from being remembered as an excellent classic film.
