Perhaps this is because I looked at the history of Irish problems in the twenties of the last century, and then the sad civil war that affected the Free State after signing the contract before watching this film. In any case, a sudden twist in the end caused tears in my eyes. Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as he was and then should be better remembered. In this film, I think he is playing himself by himself as he would have been without his innate talent and brain. For example, the scene where his friend in a crowd caused men to fight with him was probably quite similar to what McLaglin actually did in the past years when he was a world class boxer. John Ford is partly responsible for this; the IMDb section of trivia shows that it has deceived McLaglen to get a really bad hangover for the scene of the trial. This director could also do much in his actors, even without such tricks. Mostly, though, McLaglan is firmly in control, especially when his character is almost completely blotted (which the actor is hard to do faithfully), and also plays Gipo Nolan with depth and emotional power that surprises someone who only has Videla McLaglen later in his career, in "The Kuiet Man". I especially like the contrast between this role of the IRA man and the more obviously controlled performance given by IRA Man Denis Hogan at Hangman's House. In "The Kuiet Man", of course, McLagland is a landowner in conflict with the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was great and violent, in the old-fashioned sense of the word, but he was also a good actor, capable of a wide spectrum and fine nuances of performance that we would not expect today from such a man. It's a pretty sad commentary on our set of expectations and prejudices. Ford, as usual, pack a lot in a little movie. All the characters are great (although the Commander has mostly interfered with the US accent) - NOTE: Front spoilers are ahead of us! - Knowing that Gippo once pulled out a short straw and ordered him to kill a man, but allowed him to get out of him instead, we really empathize with a man who extracts a short straw for the execution of Gippo, and the mankind he shows, most especially when he goes they took Gipo into Mary's room. John Ford here really shows his genius, getting what could have been a horrible but still expected outcome of the whole story and instead use it to set up a completely unexpected yet very satisfactory ending that makes us think not only Gipo and other characters, but the poor of Ireland during that torture.
