Victor McLaglen, the title character of John Ford's INFORMATOR, reminded me of a circus man from Fellini's LA STRADE. Anthony Kuinn acted as a brutal man, perhaps even under the influence of the pug-face, the Oscar-awarded performance given by McLaglen. Dublin affected by poverty is a true life, the atmospheric image of the painting that takes place in 1922. The dense fog and the long wet night are the main elements of the story of deep Irish patriotism and the struggle of the Irish Republican army. The conflict of individuality and cause is why the INFORMATOR is labeled. McLaglin's big, simple character just wants to go to America and often reminds us of the signs of the price for the map. Two different signs become a psychological center for drunken Irish. One of them is the previous, the second sign VANTED. Would he need it and get the money to go? John Ford once famously said, "My name is Ford. I'm making a Western." After watching this film, he could obviously have done a lot more. The serious social issues we deal with here are sincere and those you are about to think about. And the look of the piece is incredible, it consists of long dark shadows that shriek in a sleepy night in Ireland. Ford has always been known for its luminous, magnificent cinema that has helped to anticipate conflicts in his characters. This is difficult in color, but he did it in pictures such as THE SEARCHERS, painting John Vaine on a sometimes malevolent way. Victor McLaglin's performance not only uses lighting, but also the simplicity of his acting. He pushes a lot. He threw people out. He's a brute who does not know better. However, he should know whether to cross the IRA or not. Take a look at the movie to find out the details. See also McLaglen and the Ford Patriotic Portrait of the IRA. Max Steiner's result is innovative with respect to gestures of characters, putting more emphasis on them. This was usually seen only in quiet films, especially in Čaplin. The topic of naming names or "information" is obviously still important. See only how the media followed this year's Oscar, paying much attention to the scandal Elijah Kazan.
