I have no doubt that Victor McLaglen won the Oscars for the best actor for this film by being divided three times among rebels led by Clark Gable, Charles Laughton and Franchot Tone who were all in the same race. But The Informer is still a good movie because John Ford would not get the first Oscars for the best director, if not. There is no discord in his prize. The film and the story of Liam O'Flaherty on which it is based, involves a poor man silly man named Gipo Nolan who was once a member of the Irish Republican army. He got out of it because of some imbecile trick he pulled out and wanted to get back inside. He's up to the last penny and if he can not come back, he wants enough to go to America. There is a 20 pound reward for information leading to the arrest of a former fellow named Frankie McPhillip played by Vallace Ford. At the moment of weakness he goes to black and thin weapons and informs about McPhillip. The IRA is pretty impatient to find out who McPhillip surprised and are pretty sure it was McLagland. He is not smart to really cover his own songs. He tries to mix up another man named Peter Mulligan played by Donald Meek. He also takes the hammock played by J.M. Kerrigan. The Informer's entire action takes place in Dublin in 1922 from about six in the evening until early next morning. It is necessary to shoot in the dark and shadows, making it possible the first noir thriller. Had it been done after World War II, Informer would have been ranked as a great noir classic, such as Odd Man Out or the Third Man, with which it has many similarities. John Ford knew this world very well. He took a little free time during the insurrection, and then he was in Ireland and had a brother who was in the IRA. His real name before joining him was Sean O'Fiernan. Preston Foster plays the IRA Commander Dan Gallagher. In the book, Gallagher strives and strives for a man than Foster has here. I guess John Ford wanted him to be a nice character that would give the film fans an interest. He makes it clear that Foster has to eliminate the informer because he will catch him and get him a lot more than him and put the whole organization in jeopardy. The IRA scene is the highlight of the film. When Foster asks Donald Meek if he recognizes the authority of their court, Meek is not in a position to say no. Royal Justice and Writing do not work here. Graphically illustrated at that moment despite the occupation of military troops and armaments, the British really lose their control over the population. Naturally, Informer is a rather gloomy story with its John Ford, but a little less. than you would expect. Even while McLaglen spends his money on drunken joy, the IRA is constantly in the shadow watching him and counting each farthing.
