I remember seeing this late at night on black-and-white television, long before the live action version was so glittering in Peter Jackson's eye ... and was very impressed. I finally got my hands this week on a VHS copy that was dropped (and is not it just a couple for the course ...?) I had the opportunity to look at this movie again, and found it still standing well, although not exactly that success The memory is painted. Here I must admit a certain bias. Some reviewers are announcing as confirmed Jackson-lovers, others like Jackson-haters; Neither did I. I was a devotee of the adaptation of BBC Radio Brian Sibleia, originally broadcast in 1981, and immediately recognized the voice of Gollum here - Peter Voodthorpe would repeat this performance almost perfect for radio three years later. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I must say, however, that where I found Jackson movies all the disappointing disappointment, the Baxhi version, for everything that is cut to bone, is actually more accurate. Yes, there are common, understandable changes (here is Legolas, not Arven replaced by Glorfindel as Elf sent from Rivendell to meet with a party) and there is a large telescopic action. (The only exception to this, as others have noticed, is an unusually extended sequence on Rivendell's beard, where Ringwraiths showed a cold ability to freeze and pull Frodo in the middle of the year - who reactivate themselves once they return. the river - then, for some inexplicable reason, simply haunting it in an extended gallop, which is initially nightly but meaningless, planned, and definitely takes too long.) I would also agree that Balrog is unsatisfactory, partly due to poor animation, and that Gandalf too alters everything his hands. But, looking at both approaches to the movie, I feel more than ever that the animated route is the one to be taken. In a story that is half-bribe (which is unusual enough, one thing involved is the cut of Aragorn's story of Beren and Lutien) about extreme literacy demanded by live action shoots, where everything from monsters to t-shirts must be created. detailed to appear on the camera, counterproductive: Latex monsters (or CGIs) are less monstrous than drawn shapes, heroic costumes tend to look pretty stupidly worn on real bodies, and hobbits or dwarfs with non-human body Proportions are easy to animate, but it's hard to film them convincingly. Many critics have cited Ringvraith's sniff in the forest, with his mutilated, semi-human movements, as one of the most terrible moments in the film - it surely frightened me when I first saw him in the dark! The extreme stylization of the introduction (plus the voice that has been done with great skill and economics to summarize the story in several sentences) works well to show the almost mythical era, and the change to the rusticity of the comic - I especially like Proudfeet - corresponds to a correspondent correspondence tons of Tolkien's prose. I felt that there were some missed opportunities in which the potential of animation could have been used to great effect: Gandalf threatened Billboard with his true power in the introductory scenes, Bilbo as if he had become a creature resembling Gollum under the influence of lust in Rivendell and Galadriel's famous speech of temptation were drawn more or less straight, where it would be trivial to distort the scene to reflect the changed perceptions of the hobby. But generally speaking about the changes in detail and palette - the colors of the fire at Bree, the bright colors that reappear in Rivendell and Fangorn, the dirty gray and brown for Moria and the land of the earth - work well to reflect the mood of different episodes, where access to live action simply does not allow you to blur the background or sketch in a stylized environment. As a fan, I did not care either for Jackson's or Baxchy's description of Lothlorien - - Again, I feel that radio soundcape was the best evocation I've encountered in a beautiful, somewhat strange forest paradise caught out of time - and I feel that Bakshi was quite wrong at that time in singing the elvine, but I do not like a small montage at this time, showing that the various members of the Company relax together after their torment in Moria. Aragorn gives a hobby fencing lesson as a charming (and equally non-canonical) spectacle as Boromir deals with hobbits in Hollins in the Jackson version. The display of Aragorn as a convincing wounded meteor is good in this film (Viggo Mortensen's humble Jesus view did not really work for me), although it would be interesting to see how they planned to 'cleanse' the character in the second half for Gondor benefit. John Hurt, not surprisingly, gives a great vocal performance as well as resonant Villiam Skuire in Gandalf's work. Hobbies are, I suppose, meant to reflect modern youth as a personal personality on the audience: I find an animated style (their proportions are much more "cartoon" than those of human characters) works well to distinguish them, and the whole "hairy" leg, here drawn comes much more convincingly than in more literal displays, including many fan-arts. Personally, I have less objection to Boromir as a Viking - he has always been rather a blatant type - rather than a beard-Aragorn (illogically: though both were Numenorians), although I am obviously here in the minority here! The big mismanagement in this image will always be the fact that it was an unfinished project, with a bizarre ending of the voice trying to sort things out. A pity; it would be interesting not to mention less frustrating, to see what Bakshi planned to do from Shelob and Minas Tirith, regardless of the dead ...
