With the release of Peter Jackson's famous Lord of the Rings trilogy, it's even easier to dismiss Ralph Bakshi's animated film Lord of the Rings from 1978 as inferior. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is an essential film adaptation of Tolkien's work, but this does not stop me from enjoying the ambitious pioneering efforts of Bakshi. Jackson admitted that he received at least some inspiration from Baxchy's film and that there are some clear similarities between their adaptations. The colorful picturesque wallpaper of the movie are great and the result is unforgettable. I was mostly satisfied with the drawings of the characters. Couples Pippin and Merri and Eovin and Galadriel do not generally differ visually, Balrog and Treebeard were not impressive, but these points did not bother me very much. However, the Nazgules are appropriately drawn and made sufficiently creepy. The only representation of the character that I tortured was Sam; was made to look uncomfortably stupid. This film is a novel because of its animation techniques. In addition to the hands of drawn characters, live actors are inserted into the animation through rotoscopy. It is quite obvious which characters were drawn and rototyped, but I nevertheless found that the film style was a novelty. The use of rotoscopic live actors for battles was a good decision and helped these scenes to turn out well. The speech was mainly of high quality. Particularly good was John Hurt, who gave an authoritative voice to Aragorn. Aragorn is not my favorite character from the story, but supported by John Hurt's voice, he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My second favorite was Villiam Skuire, whose voice was appropriately strong for Gandalf. The only actor who seemed unsuitable was Michael Scholes like Sam, whose acting was irritating and added to Sam's, unfortunately, a stupid picture. The only other disturbing part of the act is the misinterpretation of the names and names of the place. It was particularly strange that Saruman was often called "Aruman". In production of this film, Ralph Bakshi was expected to have the opportunity to produce two films. So this film contains about half the story, from the beginning of the "Ring of the Ring" until the end of the battle in Helm's Deep in the "Two Towers". The obvious implication of this is that the film story is a very concise version of a story from books. I enjoy the original stories and thorough adaptations, but the freedoms that were taken to compress the stories did not bother me, even the choice to leave Arven out of the story. A lot of the key elements of the story were in this film to keep me busy for the duration and there was even a novelty in that I was able to connect through half the Lord's rings story in 132 minutes. The battles were impressive, and especially the orchestra and the battle at Helm's depth was enormous. Ralph Bakshi's version of "Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and no doubt the numerous Lord Readers of the Ring are complaining about the cuts of the story. However, for me, the disadvantages of this film were smaller compared to the excitement of watching the effective adaptation of the half of the great trilogy. My only strong regret is that I can not see the second part of this "first great story" of the Lord of the Rings, since Bakshi did not get the budget to make a sequel.
