Peter Jacksons version (s) are better films from an objective point of view. In view of this, they are not my favorite screen versions of Lord Of The Rings, and let me explain why. First, actors on the screen are too ordinary and unkind to Jackson's LOTR. The whole head was too much moved into the mill. "Do you claim that those stupid cartoon characters of Ralph Bakshi versions are better actors than real people?" you might wonder. Well, they are not so stupid (except for hobbies, later on them) and they certainly connect more personality than the Jackson party - even with a very limited dialogue time. And that's because of the superior behavior of Bakshi's LOTR. Take, for example, Aragorn. In this version, his voice is deep and charismatic with a lot of authority (Lord Aragorn) and with a spicy raspberry (Aragorn Ranger). This is due to the brilliant acting performance of John Hurt. Compare this with the rather high sound of Viggie Mortensen without a soul and the duel quickly becomes uneven: Hurt kills Mortensen's hands. And there is Gandalf. Probably the most dominant (and most popular) character in the whole saga. In this Bakshi version, Gandalf (Villiam Skuire) is a real wizard. And I do not mean to shoot at the tips of the fingers (not), but its presence is just amazing. He is mystical, powerful and can easily pass from a gentle old man to a scary person. Add to that his look: tall, old as well as ancient oak, long as his body, sharp eyes, magic hooked nose and, of course, classic wizard's hat. Perfect Gandalf, as in the books. Ian McKellen Gandalf in the second hand is simply too boring. It looks too human, it sounds too human, it's too human and does not carry any hat or sword. Yes sword. In this Bakshi version, Gandalf records several bloody orcs killing their sword (as he did in the books). And these are stylish slow downs. Gandalf can not mess up. And it must be noted that while I am sad that I say this, the great Christopher Lee did not bring Saruman alive. Fraser Kerr in this film has done, even with very limited time and screen lines. Before I move completely with the visual aspects of the film, it must be noted that the acting and general presentation of the movie Orci are also superior to Jackson's stupid, bad guys. The Bakshi's Orcs mock their enemies (or each other) constantly with a slumbering, screaming and nasty tongue. They are more convincing than monsters and in my opinion they are more faithful to the book. And finally, Black Riders - or Nazgul. These ultimately bad guys are terrifying spirits in this - not just some drivers who wear black. They speak with a terrible voice, enchanting their sacrifice. My favorite scene in the movie is when Nazguli Jura Froda by the river. While Peter Jackson could not do anything but to show drivers that they were simply tormenting a party, Bakshi throws in the dreams of the nightmare with some cool slow-motion scenes and a thunderous sky. Jackson, others, if technically, are even better. And this is due to some key visual representations. As you know, Bakshi LOTR has a mixture of animated characters (all the hobbits and the main actor) and real actors covered in color. I really do not have the problem to use the right people in animation in this way, but they just do not fit well with traditional cartoon characters. This is especially true in people (Rideri Rohana, taverns, etc.) Orcs are different matter, since they should look very characteristic of other characters. Orcs, although they play people with animation, look far superior to the Jacksons version. They have brown-green skin, shiny red eyes, flat faces and scarlet teeth. The biggest problem in these films are hobbits. Although I prefer almost every character in Baxhi's version compared to Jackson, he has clearly superior Hobbit, in fact they are perfect. With Bakshi you get an irritating and pretty badly drawn humanoid Disney bamboo. And you are forced to spend a lot of film time with them, so be warned. I repeat, the acting is fine with them, but the actors' mouths can not preserve the "immersion damage" that these small lashes make. Well, I've never liked you halfway before. General omissions in Bakshi scripts are well known. Limited playback time (with limited budget) and many missing scenes. Although this film covers almost half the story, it does not work in detail compared to Jackson's version. In summary, the LOTR version of Ralph Bakshi has superiority: -All-Comprehensive atmosphere (feels more like Middle-Earth) - overall sound performance -muzika (really dig a fantasy result of Kont & Rosenman) -Gandalf -Aragorn (One of John Hurth's best roles) -King Theoden-Orcs-Black Riders -Elrond (He's not some fairy-tale in this!) While Jackson's version is better : Because it covers the whole story - all visual effects and special effects - Gollum / Smeagol - Balrog - Hobbits The Lord of the Rings of Ralph Baks hi, even with its known shortcomings, is one of the best animated films ever filmed and he is well portraying the atmosphere of Tolkien's worldly imagination, if not perfectly. I'll give him a grade of 8½ out of 10.
