I love this film and it disturbs me that many "reviewers" place it under Peter Jackson's trilogy. The recorded novel is always interpretative; especially the animated film relies on the vision of artists and should be judged according to their own conditions. Speaking as a purist, this is a finer homage to Tolkien than an updated version. While this film has its own flaws, it remains faithful to the source, especially as far as the characters are concerned. In Jackson's version of Tolkien Frodo is barely recognizable: from the first scenes he was portrayed as a weaknesser, he constantly wobbled, manipulated the forces around him and never stood on his own feet (this is physically and metaphorically true.) You ask why fate chose this bloody biscuit to carry one ring to the Fracture of Destiny. Jackson unwillingly transcribes Tolkien and takes Frodo his finest moment when he allows Arvin to save him from ringwright ... Baxhi's version respects the original, representing Froda who seeks the ghosts "Come back and do not disturb me anymore!" Bakshi supports Frodo's character while Tolkien understands it. We see his fall as the weight of his load increases. Frodo is so important for Lord of the Rings to wonder why Jackson took such freedoms (it does so with many characters), because the character development triggers a plot on his inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film is better exploring the socializing between Legolas and Gimli in a few puzzling scenes that are completely missing in Jackson's version. Likewise, we see Boromir how to hack with Pippin and Merry, encouraging the idea of ​​communion. For me, friendship is more developed in animated version of live action. Tolkien's Poetry is an important ingredient in the novels, and Bakshi acknowledges this in one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the "Merri Old Inn" song, a minute before he stumbles into Strider. The funny melody is coldly opposed to dark themed music when it is a few seconds later, invisible to his friends, but visible to the foes, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most attractive atmospheric parts of the film and cools me whenever I see it. The well-documented budget / time limit limits the final impact of this film, but it was completed, but more viewers may have reverberated. As it is, it's worth a look. Even his critics admit that Peter Jackson inspired much from this prototype.
