Godard once said that it was a way to criticize the film just to make one, and probably the strongest kind that could be made about how Ralph Bakshi said that Tolkien's magnum opus Lord of the Rings was actually made by Peter Jackson. The recent trilogy, for me, is not even complete masterpieces, but they have been given enough room for every book to breathe in all postmodern techniques crossed by classic narration to make them very good, wide entertainment. But as someone who did not read the books, I now watch two versions, live-action (though partially animated in his great visual effect) and animated (though partially done with real) live action as a frame) in in relation to the basic story only, even the full loyalty of books. And with Baxhie's version, it's almost not fair in some way, because what we see is actually not a complete vision, and not what Jackson really had (probably the final cut). Subdued from the return of the great royal greatest buzz of the story, and while the other two parts became urgent, I ended up more of what he did within his limitations, although as such such restrictions make this disappointing. What is also interesting, after I first saw Jackson's films - I'm sorry that I may have reacted differently when I was younger and five years ago - that the basic elements of the story are never you mess up. All that is really needed to tell the story of the ring of a ring is actually quite untouched, and if anything that may be even more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book has gained some clarity in this part. Actors who play parts of the hobbits and other heroes are more or less adequate for parts, with several parts that stand out (John Hurt as Aragorn and Villiam Skuire as Gandalf). The lack of extra characterization ends by making things look like a little face for those who have not even seen other movies or read books and can not put them in context. But there is a certain level of interest always with the characters, and here there is an even more old-fashioned sensibility in the midst of the great aura of the more. This is not a garden variety Disnei's adaptation - nipples and everything, this is the Bakshi film, with its roots of underground animation that collide with the mythical world of the Middle Earth. And what Bakshi and his animation team bring is the one that ultimately gives what is on the screen, in its shortened form, its hit or lack. In addition to being completely complete as a movie, or as a story, the film form is an experiment, to see if something can be completely rotoscopyed. The results eventually brought what is now retro, but at the time, of course, there was something rough, crazy inspiration from the filmmakers. Is it better with traditional animated animations? In some parts, yes; it became a little noticeable, as was the case with Baxhie's American pop, that the main characters move in a way that is somewhat clammy, like some sort of comic book made in a different way. Still, I admired myself very much in what was done. Orcs, for example, found that they were really incredible. They may be the best part of the combination of animation at the top of the live action, especially in parts where there are no combat shots (it's really a real hit-or-miss part, because there is no continuity of good and bad rotoscopy), and the chiaroscuro comes with great shapes the top of the horse. It's terrible in a good way. The wallpaper, although very rough and sometimes too vague, is beautiful along with blends and color explosions. This is almost something for lovers of art films as much as ring nuts. <br /> <br /> How would I recommend this animated film about Lord of the Rings? I do not know, to tell the truth. This is definitely a good cut above another Tolkien animated film I saw Hobbit (and I have not seen ROTK animated yet), and there is some real art there. There is also a stiff dialogue, an all-out segment of two towers with the most intriguing character Gollum, which is reduced to perhaps two scenes in everything. And looking at something so fragmented this ends only by reinforcing the completeness of a recent film. If you are a lover of books who are thinking about checking this, I would say it's worth the opportunity, even if it's one of those opportunities where you watch forty minutes, then decide whether to stop it or not. As far as the integration into Bakshi's other films I have seen, it is an impressively ambitious and punctual achievement, where, like Lynch's dune, he will surely draw a dark line like a mordor in the sand between those who hate him and those who do not like him. t. I do not.
