As an animated film from 1978, this is pretty good - mostly far beyond the standards of the day when Disney did not do anything good in years (and Tolkien was already worried about Disney). It gets the main points for an innovative and careful camera operation, applying cinematographic techniques with relative success. A lot of rotten rotoscopy works pretty well, especially with Ringwraiths, and an introductory narration. However, it is so drastically excessive - perhaps as a saving technique - to diminish the overall effect. The same technique that makes ghosts spooky and extraterrestrial does not go so well in Prancing Pony. As for the adaptation of the story, it is actually pretty good. We lost little bits here and there, fine details like the Old Forest and Tom Bombadill, Gafer and Sackville-Bagginses. We compromise several characters, such as the re-examination of Legolas as one of Elrond's household and old friend Aragorn's, but it's a pretty wise decision for the movie. You have places in books to include references to a larger world of elves and a huge history of the Middle Earth. In the film, you are trading for images and sound that transmit the same elements in a different way. Nothing critical has really been lost here, and even though I have small objections to some of the changes, I'm pretty much satisfied with it. is often referred to as Arumane, a decision that was probably made to make him much more different from the similar Sauron; I needed another look before I was sure I did not hear it. It is also embarrassing that Boromir is the bloody stage of the Viking and irritating from the very beginning. However, Gandalf is excellent, and most of the rest of the vote is excellent. That John Hurt was not only star to play Aragorn; I love his voice. Naturally, when the film ends in the middle of the story, a big disappointment is embedded. What makes him far, much worse is a completely mischievous job done by Rankin & Bass crew below. Had they been allowed to return the king after they had slaughtered him, Hobit remained a great mystery; It seems they are more interested in bad songs than about the story. With all his mistakes, the heart of this film is firmly in place and is struggling to achieve almost impossible tasks. I can only hope that the upcoming series of films will remain true to their vision ...
