More than twenty years before the visionary adaptation of Lord of the Rings by Peter Jackson, there has been an animated effort by director Ralph Bakshi from 1978. An ambitious and reasonably faithful version of the story, unfortunately, was rather obscured by the Jackson trilogy. Indeed, many reviewers here on the IMDb (mostly those who saw the new version first) seem fiercely unkind to this version ... but if a little common sense is applied, and takes into account the time when the technical capabilities were made existed at that time, then they will realize that this is a pretty good movie. Indeed, shortly after this animated film I watched this film in the early eighties, I looked for Tolkien's book and immediately became a lifelong fan of these rich detailed adventures in Middle Earth. So, in some aspects, I owe this film some degree of recognition as a film that has always shaped my literary tastes. Sauron, the Dark Lord of Middle Earth, dumps the almighty ring that gives it to him. incredible power. After the great battle during which Sauron was defeated, the ring comes into possession of a king named Isildur. but instead of destroying it, he stupidly decides to keep him. For centuries, the ring goes hand in hand, eventually it comes into possession of the Hobbit Frodo Baggins, who lives in a peaceful community known as Shire. Frodo from a sorcerer named Gandalf finds out that his ring is in fact The One Ring, the same one that Sauron had sculpted before all these centuries, and that his master asked him once more to regain his dark power over the whole earth. Frodo moves on a dangerous trip to protect the ring with three other hobbyists, but every step on the road is hunted by Sauron's rings, Black Jahachi. Are you following many adventures, during which a company of nine adventurers is formed that will lead the ring to the only place where it can be "unmade" ?? Mountain Doom, in the land of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam at the border of Mordor, which is getting closer to their terrible destination. In the meantime, Gandalf and other members of the company are fighting against a huge army of orcs in the legendary fortress of Helm's depth. This version covers more than half of the original book. The second war is planned to bring the story to an end, but unfortunately it has never been completed. While the ending feels abrupt, it at least ends at a reasonable point in the story. There must be some frustration and regret that there is no continuation in which we could follow these animated heroes to their ultimate goal. The animation is passable, with interesting details presented to various locations and characters. The music of Leonard Rosenman is appropriately exciting and appropriately fits into the epic story. And voices are decent, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Voodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes, who gives a voice to Sam, is rather camouflaged and stupid, which is not well-suited to character. The Lord of the Rings is a complimentary attempt to visualize the stunning book on which it is based.
