This film, in my opinion, is, despite his faults (which I think is a bit *), an ultimate masterpiece and a great and glorious work of art. What is g. to create a perfectly beautiful movie and show off his huge talent and versatility as a director of animated films. He does not receive 1/100 of the credit he deserves for literally saving animation art for an adult audience. If there was no Mr. Bakshi, I do not believe that the animation would have survived the Disney attack. Moreover, with the Lord of the Rings, he created not only a beautiful animated film, but created a completely new artistic form - unfortunately, the one who has never quite managed to get rid of. Most people will complain about the use of rotoscopy in a movie (using live action pictures that are used as background images and often animated using different techniques from what appears to be small toning to full animation). But I feel that people who complain about it simply can not accept an art form that is out of norm. No, this is not a Disney animation. No, it's not a live action. No, it's not "cheating" - it's a new, fascinating and absolutely beautiful art form. Something so fresh, and so new, to feel totally at home at such a fantastic story as the Lord of the Rings. Baxhi's pioneering use of this technique leads to the subtlety of the Middle Earth in a very dark and mysterious way, especially darker than Tolkien's creatures, especially Nazgul, were realized in a way that traditional animation or live action were not possible. Beagle (based very little, as I understand, in the early draft of Chris Conkling) is a very loyal adaptation of Tolkien's works. Where possible, he uses the dialogue directly from the novel and feels like at home in the world that Baxhi created. There are many cuts that are made to become the first book and 3/4 in one 2-hour 15-minute movie, but there are very few changes in the story. There are a few holes that would be nice to fill in. Again, Narsil, the gift of Galadriel, Huorn in the Battle of Hornburg, but again, with the time constraints he had (but the longest animated film) in history), this is certainly understandable (although it seems that you wonder how they could be explained below). Also there is a wonderful (one of my favorite) scorecards of Leonard Rosenman (also recorded by Barry Lindon and Star Trek IV (a result clearly based on his LotR work)). It's bombastic and bold and, I dare say, perfectly. It itself is like an orchestral triumph, but when it is connected with the pictures of the film, it enters a completely new world of symphony perfection. So far away from the typical Hollivoodland tariff that many people turn off. Loud actors are wonderful. John Hurt is particularly distinguished as Aragorn, who just exaggerates the essence of Strider. Character design is also beautifully unique, although not often on everyone's taste. But remember that it is the duty of the adaptation director to show you what he / she imagines, not what you could imagine, and so Aragorn is realized with a distinctive Native American feeling and Boromir appears in the Viking-inspired uniform. That may not be what you imagined, but I can only applaud Mr Bakshi who showed us what he saw. It can also be seen that he spent considerable time with Priscilla Tolkien in the development of a character's character for film. Another word - A flight to the Ford sequence, in my opinion, is one of the nicest beautiful sequences that have ever been caught on celluloid. Bakshi is not afraid to slow down the pace for a moment, and his mastery is clearly demonstrated by the incredible tension that can be built. Bakshi's artistic ability and Tolkien's incredible work are merged in this series with a glorious peak that still needs to be balanced. The recent edition of DVD (2001) by Varner Brothers is hardly missing. Although we can offer our eternal gratitude for the fact that the film is finally available in wide screen format, the package is very scarce. How glorious he was to have a directorial commentary, he was able to see 20 minutes of extra shots that were removed for theatrical release. Another wonderful addition could be a live action shot that was later animated. DVD releases also have an extremely terrible voice at the end of the movie, which is a departure from the simple voice that appeared in the very final frame of the movie. This version is plastered and poorly performed through the musical peak of the score. Of course, the biggest tragedy is that the sequel has never been made. We will never be able to see Bakshi's interpretation of Gondor, Shelob, Faramir, Fracture of Destiny, Eva's fights with the Witch King or Gandalf's conflict with him. We will never be decorated with Bakshi's picture of Denethor or Palatir or the Path of the Dead. It is a shame that, after all, we will accept glitter glitter and glitter Hollywood movies about Peter Jackson's action on these later events in Tolkien's masterpiece, but I suppose it's even better not to have a movie version at all. David
