There is no doubt that HG Wales is the most influential 20th century writer. Jules Verne has some claims that he is the father of science fiction, but his stories are more adventurous stories that use marvelous inventions as planning devices. Vells was deep and brought a subtext into his stories. Perhaps his greatest legacy is that there is very little, if at all, evidence that people believed in life on other planets before the 20th century, where now many people, including Richard Davkins, consider it almost safe. There is no evidence of this, of course, and you can not help wondering if it was Vells who brought this into human thinking? No doubt, Vells planted the seeds. THE THINGS THAT ARE COMEED was adapted by Vells from his own novel. However, it is quite obvious that he is not able to tell the difference between the technical things of writing a script and writing scripts. Dialogue is often burdened, difficult and unpredictable. One of the cases is that two pilots from the opposing sides discuss the nature of the war, "Why we must kill each other. Why?" This reflects criticism, near Orwell's scorn of contempt for Vells in his essay Vells, Hitler and the state of the world, and the truth is that Vells's antiwar message is painfully exaggerated. It would be impossible to believe that the conversation between the pilot RAF and its opposite number in Luftvaffe a few years later It said it was absolutely fascinating to watch a 1935 film that predicted a war all over the world that happened in 1940 and announces the end of civilization. There is a striking and insightful picture as the child detects the drum as a phantom army that is walking in the background and the collapse of society and the fear of Vandern Sickness is beautifully accomplished. Even a fairly lazy narrative about showing the year of placement has an overwhelming nature. These are the pictures that make this film together with Arthur Bliss's rating that makes the film so unforgettable. And to be honest, Vells asks the question "Space or nothing. What will it be?". In short, this is a movie whose mistakes are easy to forgive
