The things that come are a historical film. Together with Metropolis (1927), it is one of the first great science fiction stories. It's also one of the first day-to-day movies. It is significant that filmmakers predict the beginning of the Second World War within a year, and even in a subtle way, the year when they will end in the real world. But then the film is moving away from reality, portraying the world devastated by war (only the replacement of nuclear-weapon toxic gas, which, of course, did not exist in 1936). The last half hour of the movie is incredible with eyes, making the revolutionary use of models and matte paintings - later to become a cluster of science fiction genres. It's sad that after Sci-fi came, Sci-fi would identify with cheap b-films, a stereotype that would not be broken until 2001: Space Odyssey more than 30 years later. Had they got stuck in the quality of the effects in this movie, things would have been different in Hollywood. Raimond Massei and some of his stars play more roles in this movie. Massei plays a major role as a "doctor who" as a pilot from an advanced (for the 1970s) civilization trying to gain the population of a desolate country ruled by a ludicrous military leader (a very effective Ralph Richardson performance). In the end, the story covers 100 years. But this is a big problem with this movie - there really is not a cohesive story. Perhaps in such an episode movie - somewhat reminiscent of intolerance, in fact - it's hard to have a conventional story, but I felt that there could be more material than material, and although the pictures in the last third of the picture are really amazing and worth the price for admission ... the plot is nonexistent and the film itself suddenly ends just as it becomes interesting. Perhaps the producers thought of another future science-fiction innovation: continuation? Things to come is a movie that every serious science fiction amateur should see at least once. Unlike Metropolis, however, it may not repeat the repeated viewing.
