This was the most expensive film ever produced. Sir Alekander Korda and H.G. Vells were upset about bad grades - for good reason. He was and remains far ahead of his time. in addition to seemingly bad directions, probably assembly, at the very beginning, the work is reduced to an astonishing conclusion. Whether his role as the "boss" of Mr. Ralph Richardson, or better yet, his wife, Cedric, as an opponent of the universe, is the central role of Raimond Massey 'John Cabal' - all delivers fantastic performances. Scene with mr. Kordin is an incomparable set, a little girl, who points out an absolutely never-to-be-matched scene, commenting 'Life is only becoming more lovable and lovelier'? who quickly brings tears to each parent / grandfather or grandmother. This is not a film for the young - unless "experienced", and not those who have seen "horror," he opposes. Surely, the 'fake parachute' looks like a hockey --- the use of a 'magnetic cannon', now called a 'mass driver', can be considered ridiculous, against a rocket - give Sir Cordy a break - g. Vells made that choice. and to +/- 8 million, this movie overcame the 'excessive budget' - and he focused on what he could manage. The real power of this biggest cinema lies in 'John'. Cabal's final statement of human destiny - his friend "Carefully" doubts the wisdom of the universe, saying, "We are such small animals." John Caball's correct answer is (paraphrased): "Yes, small animals, and if that's all we are, we have to live and die like that." they stand under a large astronomical telescope. he crosses the night sky with his hand. "Yet, we can have all the Universe, or nothing." - then the final assembly breaks down - "What will it be?" --- This is not "Star Wars", "Blade Driver" --- anything you could consider the "Big" --- this is the Real Thing. I remind everyone of Steven Hawking's last address, to his last "Medal of Honor" --- "Humanity has to leave Earth, or die. '- - the very core of this work - I love' standard entertainment '--- but this' relic', for the wise viewer, offers much more. "What will it be?" be in the right 'mood' - whatever it takes - this will take your breath - I'm 'guaranee' --- in general, for humanity? the most important cinema. Since publishing, I noticed that many commented on the poor media quality of 'surviving' examples. In the 1980s, I developed a 'proprietary' process of 'coloring' that demanded a 'pure' original. That led me to Michael Corde, who unfortunately noticed everything - so we have to enjoy what remains - "sad, but true?"
