SINOPSIS The future of 1939 in England. As the war over Europe, the salvation of mankind will not be found in the politics of the past. The brave new world of science is overcoming mistakes from the past of man. CONCEPT FOR A SIGHT Beware of your leader and what was told to you. Reflection outside the frame can lead tomorrow to the brighter side. There will always be lowering and fear, and learning to overcome it is our only hope. PROS AND UNCERTAINS I've been watching this movie for a long time and it has recently been downloaded from the Internet (it's in the public domain). This is a fascinating work on many levels. Since this is a story about the future, as you can see from 1939, it has obvious shortcomings. This vision of the future is terrifying and weird. This film was the highlight of my day. Special effects are as good as the story. The acting suffers little in the British theatrical sense, as it can rely little on Shakespeare. One of the basic themes of the film is that science and technology can solve all of our problems, which we now know that is not always true. The second line film plot is that charismatic leaders are a curse of human existence and that they will probably always be with us. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The bases of almost all later movies from science fiction can be seen in this film. Scenery and dressing of "Forbidden Planets", technology failures in "2001: A Space Odessi", even lush landscapes / urban landscapes "Star Wars" owe some kind of inspiration to this film. <br /> <br The end of the movie leaves the viewer a little confused. Although he is optimistic about his final series that reaches the stars, it remains to ask us if mankind ever succeeds. Even when we come, there are those who are trying to keep us. This film vision of the future, and interesting is also a bit humorous according to today's standards. Huge flying machines and pistols that could shoot into space have never been realized in the real world, but in 1939 they were considered the next logical step. Many great British actors are in this movie as young men. Cedric Hardvicke and Ralph Richardson are the most famous and their oratorical abilities are obvious here. Raimond Massei is an unusual choice for the lead role, Cabel. His character almost appears as a new Christ who sent to save the world from his own destruction with the new religion of science. This is a good part of the history of the film whose contents are still relevant today, even if the vision of the future missed the sign.
