This is probably the best of all Star Wars films. The starting point of the film was almost like episode IV - space cabaret music and thoughts about Kabare's place, where the seriousness of mobster Jabba Hutta became even more serious. He ordered Luke to die in the basement pit of banthin teeth that crushed the bones, which looked almost like a cross between a bear and a shark. Luk's Jedi forces end up in the end a monster. Adding to the secret rescue of Han Solo, who was frozen at the end of episode V, Jabba was very angry at the fact that Luke was sentenced to death in the Sarlac cave outside. But all Star Vars "good guys", especially R2-D2, had other ideas ... and those other ideas were rejected by Luke's execution; In the end, most of the Jabbin soldiers were killed, and Princess Leah could use force to mortify Jabb. As in episode IV, Star of Death in the VI episode has its appearance. As I analyzed the rebel fleet that attacked Imperial Fighters around the Death Star, Star Destroyer staff, I suppose, accelerated the arming of the main laser, using Imperial fighters as a diversion. The beasts 20-25 who were sorting were ready to attack, but were called and instead, the laser weapon on the Star of Death was surprisingly surprised. Once the shot was fired, the only hope of the rebel fleet was that the defender of the Star of Death would be rejected, and that had so much effect on Land because he wanted to destroy the Star of Death, but he could not until the shield was pulled out. And it was extracted with Land's growing impatience. As in episode V, imperial walkers make their frightening look with their cannons, killing at least one of Evoque ... yet another unusual way of dealing with them. For example, Cubak, like the other Evok, was able to take one of the walkers (and actually used it to destroy behind one of the walkers), and another Evok used the logs to throw out two more walkers. > It's incredible what Luke can do with his Jedi forces on his lightweight sword, like, for example, the scene at the Endor where Luke refuses incoming laser-based speed bikes and uses Saber to throw out a bicycle. Or, at its peak, using Saber to break his father's hand during Saber's last battle with Sith Vader. You probably know the Evoke celebration after the Star of Death broke, along with a short one. exposing fireworks, drumming on the spoils of victory (for example Masks of Storm Troopers), and Luke finally met with Leah after Luke's enemy --- Darth Vader, now dead, was burned at the stake. The celebration involves singing Evox, but I do not think Lucas has bought it - even with great respect for composer John Villiams. On the home movie version, I think that Lucas himself wanted a different end. In addition to the celebration at Endor, he wanted snapshots of celebrity scenes on several surviving rebellious planets, including a celebratory laser video that destroys the statue of Sith. The song of Ewoksa was replaced by an alternative instrumental composition. He probably wanted additional things to prove that the destruction of the Star of Death restored the balance of rebellious galaxies.
