That the scientists acted in the way H.G. Vells was sure to do it in the future, history would not turn out as it was in the things that come. It's been nearly 80 years since Vells wrote The Shape of Things to Come, on which this film is based, not closer to the world that describes it than before, in a way. Although such well-known players as Raimond Massei, Ralph Richardson and Cedric Hardvicke are in the acting team, they are more caricatures than real characters. This is the main disadvantage of the film, dedicated to Wels' philosophy of science, which will solve all problems, and we are the rest of the fools. Massage characters, two generations of the same family, hold that extremely optimistic view. . Cedric Hardvicke is a skeptic who thinks that man is progressing too fast. Ralph Richardson was the commander of war created by the destruction of another Thirty Years' War that struggled with modern weapons. Since the atomic bomb was not invented, poison gas was considered a weapon that almost destroyed humanity. According to Wells, science and conquest can never be confused. Scientists as a group are far above the world's politics to embark on such things. In Wels' life, the scientists certainly escaped from the right-wing Fascist governments of Hitler and Mussolini. However, in order to defeat them, the same people subordinated themselves to allies and formed atomic weapons introduced by modern times. Had they behaved like Wales wanted, someone like Albert Einstein would lead a scientist's junta to establish a new order after the Second World War. Vells has been wrong both in time and in development. Apparently he never imagined a computer or atomic energy. Computer programmers are much more likely to be our rulers in a brave new world than scientists at this time. Still Things To Come, with the help of director William Cameron Menzies and sets that are made, offer an interesting look at H.'s mind. Vells, certainly a respected thinker of his time, although he did not completely correct the form of things that come.
