The first two attempts to reduce the growth of scattered wars and the rule of nationalist barbarians to the absurd. The third part assumes that progress and research towards the Moon is still the key to ensuring the meaningful use of human talents and resources. There are speeches that some viewers reject as naive or bombastic, but which others make with excitement. It displays a space pistol / launcher and helicopter, along with inventive mass communication devices, elevators, flat screens and wireless intercoms. Probably not true in the future in buildings without windows. But it shows a child's vision of endless scientific / technological research. It seems to me to be a film about a group of rational thinkers driven by spiritually-minded minders in their quest for immortality and ethical living through scientific advances and a united world government. The progressive characters (such as the two Kabals) believe that humankind could live forever by preserving our experiments and progress for future generations, always standing on our humanity like on the shoulders of giants. Arthur C. Clarke (author of 2001: Space Odyssey) proposed this film to Stanley Kubrick as an example of a great movie in the SF. Kubrick hated him and said he would never watch a second film based on Clarke's suggestions (source: Clarke's special millennial introduction to his 2001 novel). Although the late Clarke continued to propose him at the top of his list whenever someone asked him about the best movie films. It has a beautiful Menzies art design, but the main special effects (especially toys). I personally adored him and I think he's great recording the zeitgeist of modernity. It's a bit naive about the acceptability of creating a society without crime for a long period of time. It also seems incredible in terms of the inevitability of progress. It seems to me that we can easily return to the dark age or at least become so stagnating in science that we are killed by overpopulation or the inability to escape the next major natural disaster. But it nicely describes the importance of taking risks against public and nanny for potential threats from space accidents and death. The challenge is to choose the side of the progress above the insignificant desires for safety or comfort or happiness: CABAL: "Too much (too much) and too soon, and we call it death." He must go further - conquer away from conquest This little planet and its winds and paths, and all the laws of mind and matter that overwhelm it, then you plan around it, and ultimately through opacity to the star, and when it conquers all the depths of the universe and all the secrets of time - it will begin. "CABAL: "If we are nothing more than animals - we must grab our small pieces of happiness and live and suffer and pro Azita, being uninterested nothing more - than all other animals - or finished. " (He points to the stars.) "That's it - or this? The universe - or nothingness ..." (quotes from the script). If this sounds like a rationalization for dedicating the entire society to progress, members of the Council (World Government) will look like technocrats. But in fact these "technocrats" allow their citizens to become craftsmen or freely seek other passions, and they should be repressed by government bans, laws against science and experiment, and other mandates and restrictive use of power that turn their critics into tyrants . In fact, a huge group of insurgents on the land is feeling downplayed by the development of science and technology in the council, so they try to halt progress and end the freedom of the council to experiment. The Progress-oriented Council will not suppress the freedom of speech of rebels, but only prepares its own gas for peace in emergency situations and only wants freedom and space to continue its progress. So, this is also the Truth about Freedom for Science, as well as the wonders of progress. Many people in our society would really agree with some of these basic assumptions, except in cases of social bias (many want to ban cloning, for example) or naturalism (some do not want to progress freely, but rather we would become extinct at a certain time while trapped on earth) or fear / reason (some believe we are not ready for advanced science / technology because we can destroy ourselves). Ali Cabal (president of the panel) has a response to the problem of danger: "Our scientific revolution did not eliminate death or danger. It simply made death and danger worthwhile" (script).
