H.G. Vells passed his premiere in 1936 and his books to survive had long since passed. He came to the end of his life and faced his crap. At the very beginning of the 20th century, he defended the idea that the world was condemned to failure because the evolution of species, natural biology, on the one hand, and Marxism, the market economy on the other hand, necessarily led to the victory of the weaker due to the simple criteria of the number. The worse was the mass of mankind and the minority elite was stronger. Then he defended a strict eugenic policy by eliminating all those who in some way weakened the human race. First of all, non-Caucasian, with the exception of the Jews who would disappear thanks to mixed marriages. Then, in the Caucasian community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, mentally disabled, all those who are genetically disabled, etc. It was not Hitler. It was H.G. Vells and it was not after the First World War. It was more than ten years ago. Twenty years before the First World War, it published a Time Machine that defended the idea that the human "race", left behind by its own means and due to the greater cosmological evolution of life on earth, would see the differentiation of the human "race" into two types: the working class would become underground the heavy species and the bourgeoisie would become an idle superficial species.The point was that in the novel it was a superficial sophisticated and poorly empty type of prey of other types of predators Wales was convinced that humanity was in danger and politicians were The countries that followed this ban were the Scandinavian countries that had recently left only some of them recently. The film here proposes a vision in 2036 with a world government that is absolutely dictatorial in the fact that there is no choice, there is no parliament, no truly democratic institutions, only peace imposed by military conquests, and the government is dominated by one man or the most one man and his several councilors. And in this future world, all, absolutely all human beings are whites. Vells was able to imagine that humanity was completely white by 2036. Vells predicted a kind of rebellion, but that would have been short and led to nothing. The last sentences are the vision of this white civilization that conquers the whole universe when considering the sky and its stars and planets. Frightening. And it was produced in 1936. What is even more terrible is that neither Hitlerism, nor fascism, nor Japanese imperialism nor Stalinism are mentioned anywhere. But, it is important to have this film in a well-updated edition, because it is vital to have a complete vision of H.G. Vellsa. Obviously, we are far from the Brave New World of Absolute "Democratic" Social Selection, or the Animal Farm of the Dictation of the Pig Proletariat, or, in 1984, the abstract mediator dictatorship of Big Brother. This vision is at least as intimidating as the three others. And I just want to compare Wells with the British writers of the science fiction of his days. It would be unfair to go on. This reveals that in England in the first three decades of the twentieth century, fears prevailed among intellectuals: the fear that the future will be only gloomy, gloomy and dead-end. Dr. Jackues COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Ivelines
