"THINGS TO BE COMING" Movie overview with KVRice Here is another movie that filled the wonder filled with science fiction from another time and place. It's a movie that I saw only in short, but art should be taken as a whole. I saw this film as if it was designed, in a darkened theater, on a silver screen, with swirling film rolls and the audience it shared. This audience and me felt this film! One woman who survived the Second World War was suppressed by the memory of war destruction and complemented by positive, though depleted, ending. Things that from the beginning attracted my attention were initial loans. The first thing we see is "H.G. Vells" in a bold copy-like copy of "Superman" from ancient times. It's not the title of the movie, but the title of the creator, and then before other people are mentioned, such as actors or production, the director Villiam Cameron Menzies is up there! Who? You probably already saw his work, "Around the World in 80 Days," "The Jenkies Pride," and "The Wind Spilled". He did not direct after this Sci-Fi epic opera that he and Mr Vells created, but his film images, sets and designs are very recognizable. This image is very effective. I recognized the images from many other films, which honored this classic. The recent "Hitchhiker's Guide to Galaki" is apparent, along with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia", "Monti Python and the Holy Grail", "Ski Captain & The Vorld of Tomorrow", "Night of the Dead Dead" and more I know, but which titles escaped me. These are real special effects, scenes that are now working with CGI are working with actors, big sets and detailed models. This film was created in 1936, and it is obvious that it meant something to another author. Vells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, playing music, and Korda, a producer, in order to create a masterpiece with message, warning and preaching. Massei speaks, sometimes sounds loud, but I heard lines that I still hear. "These toys that kids today have are nothing like I had when I was a kid", "Help will develop their coordination", "What do we need books for what we need to read for?", "We do not need a car, no where to go, we have everything we need here, "" There will be no war. "But there is war! Naive citizens "Everytin" refuse to see literal writing on the wall. The endless war explodes the Easter Eve. A boy who wants to be a good soldier like his dad is an image that will probably always stay with me. This is the 1936 world that was wearing shadows for Hitler's calm. This war does not end. The toxic gas from the air wars enters the second rank. It's another dark age. No government, service or people wore and cheered for a war that nobody remembers. Plague, warlords and harassment to let airplanes fly for fuel that no longer exists. My loved ones were killed on the street before they could transmit the plague to another. Halfway is a marvelous vintage on Rolls Roice, which is much needed for respiration. A futuristic plane that announces the future enters this country. This future is the third rank. The world was rebuilt with the help of this "small animal, man." Helicopters fly in this movie, before they are invented. The plumber has other purposes than Dalek or Glenn Miller. Wide-screen plasma screens that seduce masses, and speakers that encourage people to tear it apart. "Beware of the earthquake, you are warned!", Warns the city dad on the rampant population. So be warned, this movie could hit you like it hit me. There are some sweet things and wrong calculations, but idealism that causes thought is what is really worth considering again, and I want to see this skilful movie again. Others criticize Mr. Vells's vision. It's very easy to work with 20/20 insights into things, costumes, and phalas. I believe that Mr. Vells '' The Things That Come '' is not a matter of things, but is actually a concept, a social trend, and a philosophical ideal. In addition, we are just starting a new millennium and we are not in the time yet to come. This is not a cheap British British science fiction but worthy Epic Filmed Opera, without singing, which, as a whole, overcomes some of the less outdated shortcomings.
