I must admit a bit of disappointment with this film; I read a lot about how spectacular it was, but the real futuristic sequences, Age of Science, occupy a very small amount of film. The sets are great when we get to them, and there are some stunning images, but this final string is missing in many other things ... Many of the best drama pieces are in the middle part, and then they play like melodrama, which stems from the science-fantastic nature of the "high concept" of all this, and the insufficiently strong dialogue. However, in this part there is much more human life, with the great Ralph Richardson sailing magnificently as a small dictator, the "boss" of Everytown. I loved Richardson's manners and tamed the delivery of lines, rejecting the presence and ideas of a separate, self-confident visitor of Raimond Massey. This boss is a posturing, a convincingly deceived figure, incapable of understanding the nature of his kingdom of small princes ... It's not a big deal, but Richardson does it a lot. Every place probably meant it was England, or at least an English city, pretty representative for England. It was interesting to completely avoid any religious side of things; It seems that 'things that come' turn into a conflict between belligerent barbarism and religion in science that seems to have a small end goal, but to move on. There is a late attempt to raise some arguments and tensions in the last section, and in terms of a more personal 'life', yet it remains quite unhappy. The film does not have much interest in subtle complexity; It goes for barnstorming spectacle and unbearable, dull moralism, every time. And, of course, remember the hedged-beta finale: Raimond Massei spoke lyrically about how things are uncertain! Regarding the question about the movie that is foresight: I must say that it is not at all bad, since it is obvious that it is impossible to get the details of life as something that is right. A larger conception has something for them; the war of 1940, it may have been predictable ... It's been almost 30 years, um !? A nuclear bomb - a "super pistol" or some kind of fabrication - 2036 ... A technocratic socialist "do not believe in the government of independent states", in Britain, after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately, nowhere close to that, guys! ;-) No real politics has entered here, which is a shame; All of this was very praiseworthy for the anti-retaliatory mood. Generally, it is assumed that the dictatorship - regardless of whether it is stupid-luddite-fascist, as a boss, or a versatile scientific socialism - is a * deal *, and these implications are not published ... we must remember that in 1936 there was no knowledge at all about how they would get rid of Nazism and communism - or even as they turned out - the lack of consideration of this seemed insignificant in addition to the scope of the film's vision of other issues. Many earlier things should - and may - be cut out in my opinion; only the shortest material from '40. 'it would be necessary, but this segment has a tendency to become quite difficult, and that's years before we reach Richardson-Massei parts. I wish I had seen more done with Margaret Scott; which is only a little skeptical, intersecting the Mediterranean figure with flashing eyes for negligible purpose. The character is not explored, or honestly explained or exploited, except for one scene I will not spoil, and its relationship with the boss is not explored; but then it was in the 1930s, and then there was such a wide institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is mildly entertaining in two roles; more in the first as an unhappy fellow, praying for war, only to be openly defeated by another Massey character. Sam Massei helps a lot, playing his parts with a mixture of restraint and gloomy pleasure, contrasting well with pretty uncertain actors, except Richardson, and Scott and Chapman, little. I would say that "Things to Come" is undoubtedly a very unusual movie that was made in Britain in 1936; one of several serious British science fiction films to date! Its set design and resource use are hungry, marvelous. However, the script is ultimately too serious and, sometimes, everywhere. The direction is subject to flatness, although it occasionally enhances scenic equipment or two. Still, the photographer and Mr. Richardson are really saving things; or by creating a sense of wonder in technology, and an appealing, rough performance that is consistently running. Such damage has so little substance or real film conception for the whole thing; Povell and Pressburger would be the perfect directors who would take up such a task - they were without British directors as bold visual storytellers, big handlers and dealers in the first-rate dialogue. "Things to Come", as it is now, is an intriguing wonder, worth studying, but far from "Metropolis" ... "It's just like" silly, "in Wales's words, as that Lang film, but with nothing like the stunning power of it.
