This early science-fiction masterpiece by Herbert George Wellows with Arthur Bliss's music is a powerful piece of the film. Adapted from Wels' somewhat different work by the author, it represents a look at the human future with the theme of the war period as a period of "peace." The structure is that after the contrasting pair of episodes of normality and the collapse of the cloud of war, the scenario allows the war to happen. Two families, Cabells and Passvorthis disagree about what can happen; It is too worthwhile to look at civilization "automatic" progress; Cabell is a thinker, a suspect. Their Everytime city - apparently London - is being destroyed by the war with tanks, the magnificent war march of Bliss and the end of civilization. The second part finds the people who lived in the wreckage of what was a city under "Boss," played by a lock Ralf Richardson, whose wife, the wonderful Margaret Scott, is a fascinating dreamer because the guy is related to a particular dictator. It tries to rebuild the old World War I airplanes so that it can attack the nearby tribe of the hill to complete its petty kingdom; a young scientist complains that his work has repeatedly interrupted requests for airplanes - etc. This is Wels' commentary on war and progress. Survivors are also susceptible to plague called "Routing Disease". Enter the modern flying machine piloted by Cabell from the first part of the film, now part of the Coalition of International Scientists Wings Over the Vorld, who are planning to finish the war forever. This modernly equipped flyer has fascinating conversations with the boss and his wife, their attraction is obvious; then the boss sends his plane against them, scientists come with a large number of planes and throw a "gas of peace" on the ruins of Everytown. Only the boss dies, fighting too much against calming. The film then shows mining and slow steps that are made in the carriers of the magnificent new futuristic tower city. In the third section, the future of Cabell is struggling with a future that outweighs the moral of human science. Strange wonders if they have the right to send people to the moon; Cabell defends the right of man to progress and the need to expand his horizons. Son of Passworth and Cabella's daughters are the astronauts who are sent. Theotocopoulos, a religious Luddite, makes a gigantic speech on the big screen at the city forum and leads an attack on a "space rifle", or the launching of a new rocket without Earth's gravity. The highlight of the plot is the successful shooting of space weapons; The crash and ending is the speech of Cabell praising the value and science universally considered to be the deepest defense of the mind ever written. "Everything is the universe - or nothing!" Cabell talks to Passvorthi. "What will it be?" Like Cabell, Raimond Massei gives perhaps the highest performance on the screen; He is attentive, compassionate and reasonable, a real scientist. Cedric Hardvicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman, playing Passvorthi, mimics the voice of convention and fear. The story is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Given the almost extinction of mankind, the idea of ​​civilization led by scientists involved in reconstruction becomes convincing and credible to the viewer. This is a triumph for the director, Villy Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for all those interested. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love; within its constructed boundaries, this is a drama of thinking of a man who discusses two possible human future - progress or his reactionary contradiction.
