I was just a baby in the arms when George Lucas was absorbed in the world by leaving the world of Saga, which records the adventures of young Luke Skivalker and the infamous Dart Vadar, but even today, for 20 years, I can appreciate the genius that Lucas and the incredible imagination with which he was blessed . In a new hope Lucas showed a new way to tell stories as he introduced us to such unforgettable characters such as the exquisite princess Leah, Rougish Han Solo and the witty Luke Skivalker, as well as the one who loved the villains, the evil one Darth Vadar. In the Empire, he's struck by a blow he went on to show that Special Effects can contribute stories and succeed in something that no one thought you could do on the screen. He made a film without a specific end or beginning, and he went to the treat. Return Jedi is a convenient end to Saga that will withstand the test of time. When the Empire Srtikes Back ended with the ending of the stunning Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite, which will be delivered to Jabbi Hut and the young Luke bounced from the discovery of the terrible truth about his Father, we have left the feeling that things are going from bad up. Vadar seemed to have won. How did we ask if rebels ever recover from this blow? In Lucas's enchanting and captivating final chapter, we are guarded on the edges of our headquarters from Han's bold rescue from Jabb's Palace to the last battle on the Star of Death between Luke and Vadar as Luke struggles between fulfilling his duties as a Jedi and rebel combatant. and trying to wake up the good again, which he believes is still in the soul of his Father. Old friends such as the smooth story Lando Calrissian and always a cute Chevbac are reunited for one final battle to end all the battles as a new, darker, dangerous enemy appears in the shape of the emperor himself (played by the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud, how he missed the Oscars mystery.) Desperately wants to turn Luke into Dark Side even if it means betraying his apprentice Darth Vadar. black with his red eyes, a grim white blurred face and an evil laugh, he is a really terrifying addition to the story and the undisputed Master of Events taking place. His new and improved Star of Death is causing a disaster for the rebels, but the brave group is launching the last desperate attack to end the rule of the Empire for good. Lucas has managed to incorporate three different stories at once and hold action in order for the audience to be pinned. We are excited to see that Han and Leia are trying to shake the shield around the Death End of the End Moon forest with the help of some wonderful Evokes (which I really do not believe they are taking from the film at all) to provide some kind of break from tension in the fighting on and in the Star deaths) and disturbed by the legions of Stormtroopers and Imperial Officers. We cheer for Lando and other pilots as they take up a powerful imperial fleet and risk their lives and hooks to fly into Deatn Star to destroy it forever. And we look at the blurry breath that Vadar and Car are trying to turn Luke into the dark side while he in turn tries to bring his father back. But for me the hardest and most demanding of the battles is what goes in Darth Vadar. For ROTJ is the battle of emotions and feelings. Vadar was caught between his loyalty to Emporor and the empire and paternal preferences of Luke. I never thought that the mask could show emotions, but somehow it can not be seen the confusion and pain on Vadar's face during the last stages while Emporer includes Luke. Vadar has more depth and emotion than I believed a bad guy, especially another machine that a person could have, and I think what makes him so accessible. He's in conflict. Pupil as Teacher. The victim as much as the criminal. Without a superfluous end, Vadar's final scene is the most expressive and most beautiful in the trilogy. So, what can I say. George Lucas is Lord Sage. Star Wars are the strongest and most interesting Sage I've seen for a long time and I have not yet seen another saga that competes. Return Jedi has all the ingredients necessary to secure the ultimate Lucas masterpiece that he deserves. It's action, uncertainty, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy all in one and its attractions, wonderful special effects and attractive music make a great movie by itself and the end that Lucas can be proud of.
