After '' The Empire Returns a Blow '' '' The Return of Jedi '' is my second favorite Star Wars movie. Luke went to Tattoine to save Han Solo from Jabba. At the same time, the Galactic Empire operates secretly by building a new space station as the previous Star of Death. If this station remains fully built, it will be the end of the Rebel Alliance. Both Vader and Car are impatient about the delay in the new Death Star, and they have to kill many of their commanders so that the project is made according to the schedule. R2 and C3po are inside the Jabbine Palace send a message from Luke Jabbi, where Lukes turns to negotiate about Hana's life. He gives R2 and C3po as a gift to Jabbi as part of his plan. Jabba does not accept negotiations, because he uses Han Solo as part of the decoration of his palace (Han is still frozen in carbonite). When the same hunter attempts to save the Han solo and make it again in human form, we see that it is actually Princess Lea in the mask. The problem is that Jabba reveals Leija's plan and takes it as his slave, while Han is thrown into the cell's cell. Luke comes as a Jedi Knight to save his friends. At the first attempt to kill Jabba, he falls into Jabb's monster cell (Bantha), but easily kills him. Jabba remains angry and decides to throw Han, Chevabac and Luke into Sarlacc, a great creature from the desert that remains 1,000 years old by digesting 'food'. Luke, Han, and Chevie again have success in the scape, and even Bob Fett dies when Han accidentally throws him in the mouth of Sarlac. Leia kills Jabba and goes after Han, Luke and Chevie, as well as c3po and R2. Everyone is safe again, Luke decides to go to Dagoba to complete his training as Jedi, as well as his promise to Jodi. The problem is that Joda is too old and ill, because she is already 900 years old, and before she dies, Joda tells Luke that she does not need more training, but that she really is a jade, she has to fight Vader again. He confirms Luke that Vader Lukin is dad, and that there is another Skivalker next to Luke. In his last moments, Joda asks Luke to remember his advice on the temptation of the dark side, and Luke to transfer his knowledge of Yedi to other people. When the dying died, Obi Van's spirit appeared to Luke and told him that Lukin's father killed his good side Anakin to become Darth Vader, and that he was more machine than a man since he became a sith. Luke remains worried about killing his father, and says he feels his father still has goodness. Obi Van says to Luke that his twin sister Leia is telling the reasons why Luke and Leia are separated from the baby. He gives Luke the last tip that says that if he refuses to kill Vader, the emperor will win the war. At the same time, the car tells Wader that he must give it to Luke when he appears to him, as Luke is stronger than before, and both have to combine their efforts to bring Luke to the dark side. Now we will have one of the best battles in the Star Wars series. , when the Alliance plans to attack a new space station, "Star of Death 2", Luke will face Vader and Carem, and Leia, Han and Chevie have to turn off the "Death Star 2" field with the help of EVOX. (small creatures that look like little bears) This is certainly one of the most exciting stellar wars of all!
