I can not stop talking about how much I love this movie. This film is one of the least known and one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The film follows the rap group's efforts, NVH (Ni # $% rs vith Hats) It goes from the beginning of the group to the end of the group, after being tragically interrupted. The next group is a documentary by Nina Blackburn. The film is on a small budget, but it does not seem to matter, this is a very well made, well-produced movie, and the performances of all these actors and actresses are excellent. The main strength of this film is writing, there are so many brilliant lines and rap on this movie, it's unreal. SPOILER There are trips on real repercussions, such as MC Slammer, Vanilla Sherbert, Ice Cold, Tone Def, Tastei-Taste and songs (Boots Juice, Grab Iour Dick ) Rusty Condieff made a great movie. In the movie, he plays the reper Ice Cold. The film does not stop, it's ridiculous from start to finish. The film works so well, because from time to time it becomes unusual, but hits that line where it's funny and not go too far there. Listening to the three leading efforts to talk about some kind of philosophy was one of the best parts of the film, as Tone Def spoke to the producer of sound, when you took the bus, you arrived there, and the producer replied, ?? It's deep! The group that displays NVH has some kind of natural chemistry for them. They work so well together, and they manage to pull this movie where there is no movie of the week. What really makes this movie so good is how true it is for some rap groups of that time. Many rap groups had problems with violence, with censors, and as an NVA, the band became popular only when the foundation began to make a big thing out of controversial verses. I like this movie because it is offensive. There's something here that insults everyone in a good way. The movie has a flight on a large number of people who are too out of the tail, the luckiest being of Spider Lee. Where I came to this dialogue I can not imagine. The film has a line behind the line that will roll you on the floor. As I said, writing is great. I'm not surprised that this movie came to such a limited edition. It's intelligent, controversial, and even provoking a movie. This is too much for the mainstream, despite the fact that it is hilarious and almost flawless in its production. There are no big stars, but many well-known faces, including Marc Lavrence, who plays Tone Def. Watch this movie, at least you'll certainly have an opinion on it.
