Ok, my title is kind of dull, and I almost sold this movie. I remember seeing Siskel and Ebert in '94. Talking about this movie, and then one or two. It was not a rep-type (although I could identify Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer music), I was not very interested when they started talking about the movie. But then, S & E showed the scene where the band explains how they chose their name (using some "shady" logic and a bunch of "fictitious" facts), and then another scene in which the band and their rival band both visit the school to promote inclusion (and, of course, the NVH comes up with some "information" about how the leader of the rival group is a loser because he got good marks at school and was on the annual committee). So I left him to see this movie. A few years later, this thing appeared on HBO and I recorded it, just to laugh for hours. Yes, there is a rhythm of "Spinal Tap" ... even the documentary essentially has the same "tone" in placing pistons, and the band follows a similar path (what I'm now calling "behind the music") "phenomenon - the small band has good chemistry, it's becoming famous, too much money too fast, bickering, drugs, some sort of death, a band breaks, then calms down, ends up hoping for more albums in the future, and fades in black.) The only thing that's true is that in Spinal Tap, Capture the band with a little more success in your past, but tap tapping in some points, and in my mind it comes down to a laugh that is Oh, this is his food joke in the backstage, this is where the amplifier wants to go to "ELEVEN", this is where a man makes a stonehenge-sized pint, etc. ... <br /> Contrary to FoaBH, which seems to have more "unexpected" humor, you can see some of them, but there is no big setting for every joke. Sometimes, jokes just sort of flow. "Cundieff and other actors in the band had the right chemistry to function. Also, direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and a bunch of other repercussions of the cartoon type really worked well. This seems to me like a movie you look at once to get the main story and laugh, and then come back and watch to catch subtle jokes. And songs. Is "My Peanuts" Better Than "Big Bottom" (From Spinal Tap)? I do not know - but both are damn funny. The terrible video of Tone Def during his "awakening" phase is so bizarre, but so ridiculous. I could continue for some time, but I save your time and do not waste it on CB4. I watched the first half hour and I got bored. You do not bother in FoaBH. There are a few less funny moments, but you can never say when something is going to happen. Maybe it's my favorite scene when Ice Cold and Tastei Taste (the name of ripoffs, if I've ever heard it) discovered that they shared the same girl .... at one point, you have these two guns pointed to each other and the next thing you know, the manager , a photographer, a girl, and I think even Ton Def is in the room that targets weapons to each other, shifting the goals back and forth. And, of course, someone has been hit. I was surprised that NVH managers suffered similar fates with Spinal Tap drummers (although none spontaneously burnt, I do not think). There were enough similarities that I can not ignore the likelihood that Cundieff saw Spinal Tap before he wrote this film, although it is obviously much more Spinal Tap hip-hop. Although there are some similarities, humor is different, and the movie looks more like a real documentary (maybe because we do not recognize any actor in this thing, even the one who played "Lamar" from "Revenge of the Nerds"). All in all, this film has, in my opinion, "street chalk". Like NVH.
