This film is, in my opinion, the weakest film in the original trilogy of Star Wars, for several reasons. However, it appears at the end of the day as a winner, despite all of its defects. It's still a very good movie, even if its quality depends on the characters that are built in superior rates. One of the problems is the appearance of a movie that is not. It is very consistent with the other two films. I put a lot of things on the departure of producer Garcia Kurtz. The first two films have this dirty, lifelike look with all their technology, and so on. In the "Jedi", on the other hand, even rebels seem to have just come out of the shower and their uniforms were clean. This is a much less textured film. And the creatures were overly muppet and cute. At this moment it seems that filmmakers were more interested in creating a template for future action figures than for the quality of the film itself. The second aspect is the lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" created a completely new experience in cinema and "Empire" led us to extraterrestrial worlds of swamps, ice and clouds, the "Jedi" clumsily repeated the cycles of the location of the first movie. First we returned to the desert planet Tatooine, and then we watched them face the Joyful Dead Star (maybe the car could not think of anything new ... but you think Lucas or Kasdan might have it). We also have these evocations, which are really disgusting bears, in a recycled version of what was supposed to be a big vault-fight at the end of the Star Wars if cash is not running out. It simply feels like a lazy construction. The happiest aspect of "The Jedi" for me is the poor character processing of Han Solo. While he is at the center of the plot of the first two films, he fights during the screen, selling a liner with droids. Instead of a real drama, we were stuck with chromium by pretending that Han still persuaded Leah to love Luke - as if the Empire's conclusion had never occurred, in which he acknowledged his love for him. The whole thing is very fictitious and barely conceals the fact that Solo's character was not part of the central story of this film after his rescue. Ford, for its part, looks bored and has no style that has distinguished its earlier performances. This is more like Ford's performance from the 1990s, boring and watching "above" the film itself. Fisher for her part is visibly high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting figure introduced in the "Empire", is stuck here as an apparent person that we care about in a vast universe battle. Only Hamil, who got an interesting development in Luke's character, is really able to do anything new or interesting with his character. He was probably the only big actor in the film who was still watching for his work. And to be honest, the script gives him much more work than other characters. This is his story, and the other characters are only part of the package. Ian McDiarmid works as well as the Emperor. The film would have sunk too far above the top (as it was sometimes in new films). Visual and in terms of effects, except for the "clean" look of everything, it's hard to find a mistake. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most developed ones ever made. Space battles are very impressive to the end. In the end, this film reaches success based on the achievements of its ancestors. But by itself, it's a satisfying piece of fun and IMHO is far superior to any later Lucas production.
