Brian Iuzna is often frowned as a director for his unpleasant up-fests, but the truth is that his films are in fact not at all bad. Re-animator sequences are not as big as the original, but they are still decent as far as horrible sequences are concerned. The Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best in the series; and society is not a world far from being a surreal masterpiece of horror. This thriller is certainly not a masterpiece; but it shows a great eye to the eye for horror, and the action moves in a way that is always exciting and appealing. I'm really surprised that the horror film about dentistry did not appear until 1996, because going to the dentist is almost an absolute fear - running away from the tiger for the modern world. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; It looks like I'm in a minority. The action follows the perfectionist dentist Dr. Feinstone. She has a beautiful house, a successful career and a beautiful woman - almost everything that most people want. However, his life is deteriorating when he reveals his wife's scandal with a pool cleaner. And his life is not the only; like his patients who feel the full burden of his fury ... When it comes to scaring the audience, this movie is really true. However, the loan must be directed to the director for the removal of the full quota from the fear of the central topic. The fact that he does a good job is summed up by the fact that I am not frustrated that I go to the dentist - yet one particular scene actually made me cover my eyes! The film follows a standard man who starts from a crazy design, only with a Dentist you always get the impression that the movie has more than what we see. It's not very often that a film from the movie can impress the level of the substance - and until this is won, no parody on the upper class is well tied to the plot. The acting, while the B-class, is actually quite impressive; with Corbin Bernsen who took over the lead and was well convinced the audience that he was indeed a man on the edge. I should thank Brian South for the role of Ken Fore in the film. The dawn of a dead star does not get enough work, and I really like to see it in movies. The rest of the actors do not impress impressively, but everyone is doing their job well enough. All in all, the dentist offers refreshing changes for the films of the nineties. The above scenes are certainly satisfied with the fans of the horror, and I do not hesitate to recommend this film.
