The dentist starts in the morning of Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman). It looks like Mr. and Mrs. Feinstone have a beautiful life, a beautiful house in Los Angeles and a successful career with responsibility, but underneath it is very wrong. Alan reveals that Brooke has an affair with Matt (Michael Stadtec) with a pool cleaner, adding to his humiliation. Alan then reveals that Matt also has sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms), one of his neighbors in the neighborhood owes it all to the tax administration, which breathes on his neck, spilled money. Alan begins to lose his mind, he is convinced that everything has failed and rotten, just like the teeth of his patient, and he is on it to fix it. That morning at work begins to take his frustration and anger with his patients, the first wound of a young man named Jody (Brian McLaughlin), a sexual assault is a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after he hallucinates that she is his wife and deliberately performs unnecessary and painful procedure on the other. Alan also starts taking drugs because he is completely lost and goes into murder starting from his adulterous wife and pool cleaner ... Director Brian Iuzna I thought the dentist was a good movie and tried somewhat different. The scenario of Dennis Paolo, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is more a psycho-thriller than a straightforward slasher that came as a surprise to me as I expected the latter, it would be easy to make a teen slasher movie like Friday 13 (1980) with a high number of bodies and wise a dentist, but what the Dentist actually showed is very different. The dentist is in the heart of studying the character of a man who descends into insanity, and doing a good job, although he said that I'm not sure what passes sufficient justification for his later murder actions. It starts at a nice pace, it has a nice story in which I liked the constant connection that Alan does between the ruin she sees in her patients and the ruin she sees in the world around her and is a fun way to pass 90 minutes. It is assumed that anyone with a dentist's phobia should probably give this leak or you will never leave again! I like the ending and where the tables are turning, I will not say more ... The director of Iuzna carries out his usual fine job, in fact, I do not think I saw a movie that I did not enjoy to a certain extent, he apparently and predictably uses the opportunity to play our dental fear with some nice parts of the toothbrushing set, including pulling people out, sexually abusing, performing drug operations and torturing people with a dentist drill. There are also other scenes, a dead dog, someone burning with a knife and cutting out the tongues. Yuzna gives the movie a certain style of what is probably a small budget, he likes to tilt his camera that makes some nice angles and I like the shot in which the camera is above someone with a knife and huge sprinklers of blood on the floor a good wide angle above the head . Technical Dentist is fine, decent cinema, music and production values, although some of the special effects of make-up seem somewhat unconvincing. The acting is quite strong of all those who deal with Corbin who played well. Ken Foree, the funniest and most interesting genre, appears as detective Gibbs one of the best in Los Angeles. and maybe you want something a little different, then this is worth a look. I liked it and I think it's definitely worth the hour.
