I remember being scared of film blood when I was younger, and gradually becoming less and less, until I was poor enough, as I'm sure many other viewers have become, so me are the bloody bloody films that have emerged in the last few They entertained years, but she did not scare me or make me bend. The "dentist" turned it. Setting looks simple: a mentally unstable dentist destroys the interior of the mouth, and maybe the body. However, a smart shift is that the dentist is the protagonist of the film, and instead of being a one-dimensional bad guy with no clear motivation, his development is the most extensive of any character and he is very human and convincing. The spectator thus feels sympathy for him, as well as for his victims, and instead of hoping to come to justice, I found myself hoping to somehow find a way to conceal his tracks and return to normal life. What really "makes" a horror movie is violence. And "Dentist" is better than any other movie that I can think of. First, the film has tons of tension, which is something that modern films usually lack. In one scene (), a dentist is emotionally upset and must first see a patient with a young child. As it enters the child's mouth, you hope that the dentist and child will end the encounter without injury. I will not spoil what's happening. Secondly, when it comes up, it hits all the worst, nervous nerves. Once again, I will not give anything. Naturally, as a movie you have never heard of, there are flaws. Most importantly, this is exclusively for horror fans. Likewise, as the other reviewer mentioned, as it took place only a few days, we do not actually get any background on the characters. And the tension falls a bit at the very end. But, indeed, the fact that we would even want to know the background of the characters is proof of how good it is, and most of the film is hard enough that every little tension can be forgiven. It's strange, after years of getting used to the film, I suddenly want to cover my eyes when I see blood. The "dentist" scared me and was completely unpleasant, and for this reason he received my full approval.
