The dentist is really a good thriller. And quite disturbing. I think we all can agree that chances are that you get into a psychiatric dentistry much larger than running into monsters, vampires, or zombies. That's why this film is so scary. During this film, you will probably think about your dentist several times. Is he capable of doing such a thing ... You better pray that his wife does not deceive him. That's what the story is about. A dear dentist in Los Angeles records when he finds out that his wife is cheating on him with a boy in the pool. (That must be the biggest profession in the world, by the way. Poolboys are always used by housewives when the husband is at work). Since then, our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, can only be revengeful. He can no longer concentrate on his patients and a few are injured. Things are not easier for our dentist when driven by a boring tax controller, a curious policeman and his suspicious staff member. At one point, Dr. Feinstone can not stand it anymore. Now it's not just for a husband, but for everyone who is approaching him. The dentist was written and directed by Brian Iuzne and co-author Stuart Gordon. You can take this as a recommendation for yourself. These two people have already given us some great horror films (and my personal favorites) such as Re-Animator, From Beiond and Societies. With a dentist, they once again managed to bring a fun and very cold thriller. This movie has just arrived on time. So far, the decade has not brought us many great horror films. I do not say that this is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is as good as a dentist obsessed with hygiene. I remember him mainly as an actor in comedy or drama, but he can certainly be psychotic in character. The rest of the actors also work well. The woman who plays Feinstone's wife is really attractive. Also, it was great to see Ken Foree how it works again. The actor from my favorite film "Dawn of the Dead" plays a cop in this movie. Iuzna also handed him over from "From Beiond", 15 years ago, and I thank him for that. I do not recommend this film to everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I will advise you to skip it), but if you watch it, you will enjoy it. You will be horrified ... but this is an additional reason, I think. It's been a long time since I was really scared to watch the movie. It's a great theme in the genre and Iuzna does it in a great way. It's a shame that this film is followed by a completely unnecessary extension. My humble opinion about a dentist ... 8/10
