It's not that many movies really use the fear of going to the dentist that many people have. They have some instruments that really look scary. Give writers Dennis Paolo, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch to extract the maximum shocking value of shock from your premises from your premises. Corbin Bernsen, in a beautifully tinted version, is Alan Feinstone, a dedicated dentist whose train runs out of the trail early. Unbalanced, obsessive-compulsive, he begins to deal with thoughts of rotting, even imagining where there are none, and equates the decay with corruption of society in general. After witnessing to his unfaithful wife, Brooke (Linda Hoffman), who did this with her boyfriend in the pool, she decides to punish her. At the same time, under the pressure of the emasculating I.R.S. agent (Earl Boen, best known as Dr. Silberman from the franchise "Terminator") to make a service in exchange for a mouth-holding agent close to Feinston's financial operations. Feinstone begins to perceive everything around him as being exhausted in one way or another, and goes on to kill while police detective Gibbs (always welcome Ken Foree) takes his mark. Director Brian Iuzna clearly has a great fun with the script. It provides some truly nasty and incredibly entertaining scenes that do the same thing as creating sympathy for the victims as the excitement of the audience. The script gives Feinstone the character of a fine line of dialogue and is generally quite cunning and funny, with great black humor (as Feinstone ordered the victim to "remove the tongue!"). Brooke and I.R.S. agent in particularly effective scenes of torture. The effects of makeup are generally good. A film of great work keeps its momentum forward, as Feinstone, with his tireless pursuit of perfection, shifts from a prominent professional to a murdered killer in record time. , is pretty much lost in the detective role with standard problems, but there is enjoyment in seeing Boehn play his thin side up to the handle. Hoffman and Christa Sauls offer a very attractive sweets. And the pre-glory of Mark Ruffalo can be seen in a small supporting role. But that's all that Bernsen's play has, while he swings his teeth (forgive me for using that term) into my leading part of the plum with complete conviction. "Dentist" is classified as one of the original and interesting horror films from the 1990s. 8/10
