I thought ROTJ was obviously the best of three films from Star Wars. It is surprising that many who voted for ROTJ are considered the weakest continuation in the Trilogy. It seemed to me that ROTJ was the best because he had the deepest plot, the most exaggerated, the surprises, the most sensitive, (especially the ending) and definitely the more episodic film. And I personally love the Empire Strikes Back, but I think that it was slightly less than ROTJ since it was slower, it was not so episodic, and I did not feel so much tension or emotions as I did with the third one. It also seems to me that after I have read these surprising criticisms, the reasons people have cited for ROTJ as an inferior film in relation to the other two are simply absurd and insignificant reasons compared to the pure excellence of the film as a whole. I heard many strange reasons, such as: a) Because Ioda died b) Because Bobba Fett died c) Because little Evoksi won the Stormtroopers group d) Because Darth Vader was discovered <br /> <br> /> I would like to expose each of these reasons, because I believe they have been completely missed. First, who cares if Bobba Fett died? If George Lucas wanted to die, then he wanted to die. Do not misunderstand me, I'm a fan of Bobbe Fetta, but he made several cameo appearances and it was not Lucas' intention to make him a central character in films that Star Vars fans made of him. His name was not even mentioned in the movie ... You had to go to the credits to find the name Bobbe Fetta !!! Judging by ROTJ because he died of a smaller character, I think it's a little bit more ... Secondly, many fans did not like the dying to die. Of course, it was an important period in the film. I was not happy to see him die, but that makes the movie more realistic. All good guys can not stay alive in a real movie, you know. Otherwise, if all the good guys lived and all the bad guys died, this film would be equal to the sweet cartoon on Saturday morning. Another aspect at this time about people who do not like Jod's death .. Well, nobody complained when Darth Vader broke down Obi Van Kenobi at A New Hope. (Many consider New Hope the Best in the Trilogy) Why the death of Obi Van was okay, but Ioda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason why I can not believe it was even said that people found sweet Eucows to overpower soldiers is impossible. That's funny! I can not believe! First, Evoks is located in their native planet, Endor, so they are aware of their home ground since they live there. If you watch the movie carefully, many of the tactics used by Evoks in the defeat of stormtroopers have been through the excellent use of their advantage on the ground. (Since you've lived in the woods for a lifetime, I hope you learn to use it for your own benefit.) They had swords, ropes, trunks set up to travel with these walkers and other traps. Those who were in trouble were in a very unfavorable position because they were numerically surpassed and unaware of the advantages of the forest. The only thing they had was their blasters. To add, it was not as if the Evok fighters were against the storm hunters themselves, but rebel members helped them in that conquest. I thought that if the sailors defeated a combination of the Star Wars helicopter, rebel group, and the huge Ewok-clan with a great familiarity with the home court, that would be a big disturbance. And finally, if this scene was incredible to you .. How did it happen in Empire Strikes Back or in Nev Hope where there was a BIG scene of a group that consisted of only Han Solo, Chevbac and Princesses, which they shot dozens of people and all their blasters were missed while heroses were in full view !! And not only that, heroes, of course, always hit the Stormtroopers with their blasters. Soldiers must have VERY, very bad goals! At least in the Empire Strikes Back, the Battle of Endor was much more convincing because you had two armies that interrupted each other, and not 3 heroes against the legion of warriors. You do not believe me? Check out the battle with Cloud Citi when our heroes escaped from Land's base. Or when our heroes rescued Princess Leah and fired at them (somehow missed them) while Han Solo and Luke were trying to get out of the Death Star. The last reason I want to talk (others are just too stupid for me to spend time here) is that people did not like to discover Darth Vader! Well, in many ways this was a big part of plotting in the movie. Luke tried to find whether Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skivalker. It would be disappointing that the film was finished without Luke seeing his father's face because it made it complete. According to Annakin's discovery, he symbolized the transition Darth Vader suffered from having a dark side (in the helmet) and a good man who was Annakin Skivalker (removing the helmet). The point is that Annakin died again turned into a brighter side and that was the point of the helmet removal scene. In fact, this is what I would do on that scene, that I was Luke's father ... Is not that what you would do to want to see your son with your eyes before you die, and not in the helmet mechanics? On the other hand, I think it's a subconscious or conscious expectation for most people that the sequel MUST be worse (even if it's better) that the previous films are another reason why ROTJ does not get much recognition as to how much deserves. I never go into a movie with this deception, I'm always trying to get into a movie with the attitude: "Well, it could be better or worse than the original. But I can not know for sure. Let's see." That's the way I go with an open mind and not I'm scared to think that the superior movie is not as good as it really was. I'm not sure who criticizes these movies, but I asked many students and adults about their favorite Star Vars film and everyone tells me (except for one person who said that Nope Hope was their favorite) that she ROTJ. I believe that the results on these polls are terrible and quite daunting. In the end, Jedi's return was the best of the Trilogy. This film was the only one that kept me in 135 minutes. There was not a moment of boredom because each scene was either tense, exciting, surprising, or all of the above. For example, an emotional light battle between Luke and his father at ROTJ was better than the one in the Empire returns every day! Finally, I hope that people will see a phantom threat with the open mind, because if the fans start looking for nitty, insignificant details (or see it as "just another sequel") in order for the film to be destroyed like "This movie smells because Luke is not in it!" then this merit film will become another spectacular film that will be the object of ridicule like ROTJ unfortunately suffered. <br /> <br />
