Director Brian Yuzna had an uneven career in the horror genre, creating masterpieces such as "Return of the Living Dead 3" or "Bride of Re-Animator", but at the same time he made terrible films such as "Faust: Love for the curse "or the central" Seed ". Apparently, he was better at the Producer's headquarters, where his work on Stuart Gordon's films was excellent. "Dentist" is one of his smaller work as a director, but he has a slight advantage. The film and its lack of pretensions make it a very pleasant experience. She talks about Dr. Alan Feinstone (who greatly played Corbin Bernsen), a successful dentist who someday finds that his perfect life is not as perfect as he thought when he discovered that his beautiful wife (Linda Hofman) had an affair. with a boy from the pool. This event is bothered by the mind and puts him in the killing while he is refreshing to the world, which is so "dirty". The space is very well processed by Iuzne, while driving us on a drive after Feinstone's day of revenge. What makes this movie different from most slashers is that we are not in the victim's perspective, we follow Feinstone because he is the main character. We are witnessing how a prominent professional goes to psycho-murder in one day. Iuzna manages to give the film the exact amount of uncertainty, but adds a good dose of dark humor that really helps the movie. Most of the success of the premise is in Bernsen's performance as Feinstone. It can make you feel at the same time sympathetic and hatred towards him, and the subtle humor that has his character is another aspect that helps the movie. The rest of the actors are not that good, and I think their sub-act hurts the movie more than they should. A significant exception is Ken Foree, while the detective is trying to catch Feinstone. Although his part is quite small, he works fine with him. With the dentist as a killer, bloody scenes are expected, and Brian Iuzna delivers excellent SFKS in the correct amount. It's nice to see that he does not go over it as he usually does, and I dare say that this is the peak of the film. It has the exact amount of the upside that is expected, nothing less and nothing more. Iuzna refrained from their common excesses and the result is excellent. Although this is not one of the most famous films of Iuzna, I would say that this is one of his best. Of course, this is not a classic material like his masterpieces, but it's a movie that entertains and never becomes tired or boring. It's a simple, inexpensive movie, but for what it is, I think it's shaken. 7/10
