I remember this film especially when I was a teenager, my best friend told me all about this film and how she was crazy as a child. Of course, I'm a bloodthirsty girl I am, I had to go and find this movie. Now I do not know how to put this without losing credibility, so I'll just say, I actually enjoyed watching this movie! I know it's stupid, not the best story out of the bloody and terrible, but that's what I asked for, and the Dentist delivers fears, blood, sex, and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I need a fun movie like this one to get rid of it and get it from myself. Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and purity. On the day of his anniversary, he spies his wife Brooke to have sex with their dirty man in the pool, Matt. In his dental office, Feinstone's first patient was given to young Jodi Saunders, for his first dental examination. Feinstone begins to clean Joda's teeth. At first everything goes smoothly, until you imagine that Jody's teeth are brown and broken. His teeth pulled out, blowing Jodie into the right. Yoda's mother takes her crying, a bleeding child and angrily leaves. Feinstone sees her second patient, the queen of beauty April Reign. Alone with April, Feinstone gives it a sediment with nitric oxide so it can fill the cavity in one of its molars. As he gets lost in unconsciousness, Feinstone imagines that he has turned into his wife. She starts kissing her and caressing her on the dentist's chair, and then starts to suffocate her. April starts coughing and half arouses from gas. Feinstone pulled out of the trance and quickly pressed the april blouse again. Feinstone decides to finish the day before and sends his staff and patients home. Later that night, Brooke met Feinstone in his practice. He reveals his new patient room in the Italian opera. He encourages Brooke to try out a dental chair. When she does, Feinstone ties up her chair and seduces her with nitric oxide. With opera music that flickers in the background, he starts pulling Brookine teeth. Feinstone went deep and definitely will not allow anyone to get his own way of cleanliness. Honestly, no matter how stupid it sounded this movie, I had a lot of fun watching the Dentist. The best scene is no doubt when he teaches this nasty IRS agent to a hygiene lesson that I'm sure he'll never forget. Man, I do not think I washed my teeth so much after I was looking at a dentist. Yes, I warn you, this film is not in any way for the weak, it's very bloody. There are stabbing, gun shots and just those brutal scenes of dental torture that will make your stomach turn. However, I somehow enjoyed this movie, if I ever want only a good movie made for true horror fans, I slip it into my DVD plaier, and that's the "tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Um, yes, I'm trying, give me some credit. 7/10
