After the testimony of his wife (Linde Hoffman), who deals with sexual relationships with a boy in the pool, a slightly unstable dentist dr. - The original and entertaining horror film by director Brian Iuzne was a welcome change in the rhythm of the usual terrible rice that fade out in the late nineties. Although the "Dentist" is intended to be cheesy, a fun little movie, Iuzna ensures that the film brings shock and excitement that many more serious films are trying to distribute. Despite suffering from a lack of background for central characters, and thus allowing events to be built in a few days, the film is intriguing, generally well scripted and well-managed, allowing the viewer to retain interest even during crazy moments. The "Dentist" occasionally suffers from withdrawal, but unlike the much worse sequel from 1998, there are only sporadic unforgettable moments, and generally speaking, the film is nicely followed. the role of sadist, disturbed and perfectionist Dr. Alan Feinston. The way Bernsen can express his words verbatim, especially in terms of abusive and immoral sex (especially felation), something is a little miraculous. Although many actors may have problems displaying a psychopath obsessed with purity, without being too harsh or funny, Bernsen seems to really fit into the personality of the character who is trying to show, and in that way makes the movie even more enjoyable. If the dentist did not intend to be fun, an almost comic, horror film, Bernsen would probably be much more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the actors (including the pre-glorification Mark Ruffalo) failed to record very good performances and although the film was not really damaged, stronger performances could add more credibility to the film. The dentist is not a horror film that is seriously understood, but it is certainly pleasant, especially (I suppose) for lovers of syrus of horror. Those who were angered by the number of clones 'Scream' (1996) from the late 1990s could be considered a refreshing change, as I did myself. A rarely boring and generally well-timed scenario, as well as a skilful guidance, helps make the "dentist" one of the more enjoyable cheerful horrors of the 1990s. In addition, some grizzly and (in general) realistic scenes of dental torture are presented, which should retain most of the happiness of happiness. Far from the perfect but far from the bad, "Dentist" is a movie that is easy to watch at least once. My rating for ?? Dentist '?? 6.5 / 10.
