The main topic in this Dirty Harry is that revenge is the best-served food. Sandra Locke is cold in this movie because she is beautiful. Locke is normally "8", but with a deadly pistol in a purse, "tense" for bad guys, she climbs up to the scale to "10". After being raped, along with her younger sister, a few years ago, Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, tried to block an attack from her life as she could. Her sister, though, is almost comed by the trauma, so memory is never far from her mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of her attackers on the street in S.F .; she buys a pistol, traces it to the bar, let it pick it up, when they are alone in her cigarette, they start to love, she shoots him .... once in the genitals, once in the brain - - this in the introductory scene !! I have to love this stuffing stuff. It has its own priorities. In addition, Jennifer is a professional artist, putting her rage on canvas TO NOW. After making her first perp, Jennifer curiously looks at Det. Insp. Harri Callahan is working on a fresh site of crime after the body was found in Caddiu. Then, she offends some creepy teenage hiccups who bother women on the street, visit her sister in the nursing home, then hunt in San Paolo, CA "along the coast" where the rape event occurred many years ago. With more bullets in the suitcase and more determination in her mind, our hero reminds us of rape in her head as she approaches the execution of each next rapist. It's not uncommon for us right-wingers, when it comes to determining the sentencing or execution of a violent criminal, do not be sad about their poor humanity, we remember the CRIME and THE PATRINA it was inflicted upon. These events remind Jennifer to pull the trigger on each of the attackers - once in the genitals, once in the brain. During the film, the scenes of Jennifer's revenge are soured by good, 'Dirty Harry' blows some gangs in the café, remember 'Just Forward'. Later, he threatened to step on a little boy (who just insulted Callahan) in the elevator in the courtroom, like that he will attack a dog ** and leave a young female civil servant staring at Clint as if to say "I want to have your baby." My favorite scene is only about 30 minutes in action, when Harry threatens and scares the killer mafia boss named Threlkis in a fatal coronary disease during his granddaughter's wedding at the Ma Hotel Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Kum II) does a wonderful job as a sinister Mafia Don, even if he is in one scene, dying in the most convincing way. However, Harry's problems are not yet over! The Hunter's gang and Threlkis supporters in the elevator are trying to they kill Harry in two closely ordered scenes, and most of the bad guys end up terribly dying. Yes, some of the games with the gun appear as unexpressed violence on the screen. It seems Clint's director is tired of filming this movie. But there are only so many ways that you can send a man with a bullet. However, punk children die much more creatively, because both have burned and drowned in S.F. Bai. It warms my heart. With so many violent intentions directed at Insp. Callahan, his bosses, are sent to San Paolo to try to find the background to "kill the vasectomy of the caliber", since the crime is Jennifer Spencer now known, but not before Harry delivers one of his famous sermon-liberals wizardry. I love this Harry. While our hero bows to local policemen and citizens in San Paolo, two other murders, the same M.O., were on the sleeves, the lazy fisherman and the equally nasty hardware entrepreneur. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They consider that both of them agree on topics such as law and order, guilt, and so on. Can a hot love scene soon come up? We have stated that we believe exactly that. The characters abound in this Real-Man who encounters the drama Real-Voman, and we meet with a flying bulldozer called Raie Parkins, which is both irritating and funny. Raie set Jennifer's rape for her "boyfriend" years ago, and she'll eventually get her. The Chief of Police in San Paolo, played by Reliable Eastwood's actor Pat Hingle (hanging judge at 'Hang Em High'), is crazy with Callahan's detective work on a 22-kilogram vasectomy until we find out that his adolescent son was one of the gang rapists. Similar to Jennifer's sister, Janing's son is now an adult in a coma, but he is crazy for guilt. But it can not end here. Boy rape boy, Mick, now kinky-hack a criminal, drive from Vegas becouse Raie dropped ten cents on Jennifer, calling him to San Paolo to prevent more executions. Mick sleeps in Rai's house, but his moment is wrong, and he is arrested before he can spend more time with Raie, mainly due to the fact that he has since been sent to the Eternal Lesbian Island by shooting from Jennifer's Revolver. Psycho Mick is finally charging bail, with Jennifer for him. There is a desperate pursuit, while Harry tries to prevent these two from killing each other. Everything turned out well in the end, with a good girlfriend and a good guy who together go to the sunset to the beautiful blues song Roberta Flack.
