Despite the feelings of most Star Wars fans, in my opinion, "Return of Jedi" is the biggest film ever made. Since the first time I saw it, depth, intensity, special effects and moving story have flooded me. The film was so well composed that he managed to withstand the test of time over the past 20 years. Filled with a powerful action, as the highlight of the original trilogy, George Lucas gives us an exciting ending of the "Star Wars" saga in the Jedi. After "The Empire Returns a Stroke" left us to hang out for 3 long years, we finally found the end of the story in "The Return of Jedi". Darth Vader, in an emotional turmoil, suddenly visits a new unfinished Death Star that oversees its construction. The car was first seen in this film as it has the ultimate plan to destroy the rebel alliance and bring young Luke Skivalker to the dark side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chevie and droids all travel to Tatooine to save frozen Han Solo from the villain; Jabba The Hutt. After Han was saved and Jabba defeated, Luke returned to Dagoba to find a dying Yoda where he learned the terrible truth; Darth Vader is actually his father. The rebellious heroes are reorganized with the rebel fleet. Now they have joined other species and races, including Mon Calamari, rebels must make a plan of attacking everything or nothing to destroy the Death Star before it is over. While Lando is leading a space attack in the Millennium Hawk, rebel heroes must disable the Shield of Death Star Shield on the Endorian Forest month. The rebels here are on a furry but powerful Evox. During an intense battle in two parts, the third battle must be played while Luke willingly surrenders to Vader in an attempt to convince him to leave the dark side. In the emotionally charged sequences of Luke, he must face his father, for the Emperor empties his dark emotions. While young Skivealker is about to face his death in the hands of Palpatine, Vader turns his teacher's evil way to save his son's life. Filled with a deep, timeless story of the good against evil, "The Return of Jedi" is a spectacular, emotionally charged movie that redeems well in all of us.
