When this film was originally released, it was promoted with the imaginary term "Dirty Harry is it Again". Regardless of the lack of originality in this game, it is more than compensated for by complete and complete accuracy. "Sudden Impact" retains all the aspects that made the previous three Dirty Harry films so successful - a narrow pacing, a powerful plot, powerful supporting characters, endless game of guns and humor with dry bones. Some of these elements are not only reserved, but also enhanced - this is the darkest, bloody and most obvious right-wing franchise award. The operation is a bit intriguing: after killing a funny number of Hooligans, Inspector Kalahan was admitted to a forced "vacation" from his superiors in the dormant coastal city of San Paolo. He is in charge of investigating the background of the recent victim of a murder that was killed in the genitals before he left his (no doubt significant) misery to another shooting in the head. Early in the film, the audience was acquainted with the identity of the killer - an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), who hunts for the bully raping her and her sister at a fun fair ten years ago. This incident is featured in a very disturbing flashback, whose cuts are repeated before each new assassination. As more and more bodies appear with the same M.O., Harry becomes clear that both the chief of local police and his new love interest (guess who?) They know more than they say. To make things even more complicated, former rapists understand who hunt them and starts hitting hard. "Sudden strike" offers tireless action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood directed this film and is professionally engaged in a series of pieces that culminate with an exciting climax. Performance Sondre Locke effectively transmits the bliss of senselessness and fragility that characterize her character. It is, as already mentioned, justifiably wondered if another actress (who was not Eastwood's companion at the time) could have brought more charism and dramatic weight in the role - Theresa Russell and Cibill Shepherd jumped into the head as potential candidates. Members of the supporting team that significantly increase weight are Albert Popvell as Harry's partner Horace, Paul Drake as a psychotic Mick, and the true theft scene-Audrey J. The unexpected which shows the evil Rai Parkins. However, the film has some significant problems - some of the underlying (hostility between Harry and the gang of twenty-one hooligans, mobs revenge against him) take up too much time on the screen and in fact have nothing to do with the larger story. Their only real use is to lift the number of bodies to absurd levels. In the first half of the film, sometimes Dirty Harry shoots people more often than he has to use the toilet. However, the film moves at the highest speed as the game progresses and the game of triangulated cats and the mouse between Callahan, Spencer and its former torturers presupposes prominence. This second clock clearly shows that a more modest and slightly refocused scenario would give Sudden Impact the potential to be a first-class, neo-noir-style thriller who could take the series to new levels but still contains more than enough .44 magnum heroics to satisfy Harry loyalists. Instead, we get a film that Eastwood and Varner Bros obviously wanted to make - a top-executed but prototype action movie of the '80s, which mostly refuses to specifically spark intelligence of the target audience. This is by far the largest stock market in the box office and it is not difficult to understand why. Although not a movie that could have been, it's still a big, fun party. Even after repeated reviews, this will make your day.
