In the masterpiece of Don Siegel in 1971, "Dirty Harry", Clint Eastwood was a super-stylish, super-cool, non-portorous, non-stupid film cop with his role as eponymous Inspector of "Dirty" Harry Kalahan. Two sequels followed, of which the first, "Magnum Force", was trodden on the strangely politically incorrect attitude of the first, who bitterly criticized many critics, but delighted the audience. The second sequel, "The Enforcer" was once again a grit and promoted as "the dirtiest Harry of all of them." This title, however, really belongs to the fourth film in the series, Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact", which is undoubtedly the bravest, the most dangerous, the most violent and dirty of all Harry's films, and, in my humble opinion, the second - Best of the original masterpiece. *** Warning! In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) is trying to get people to be alone with her. What these people do not know is that mysterious beauty is their former victim of rape, eager for bloody revenge. How fate wants, the toughest policeman in San Francisco, Inspector Dirti Harry Callahan, who is again suspended for anger by his superiors, spends his free time in this small town ... "Sudden strike" is the most dreadful Callahan film in several aspects. . The film is extremely large and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. Not afraid to use his 44th Magnum to stop the trouble, Harry treats "punks" because they need to be treated and even let the person get away with several murders because the killing of revenge is justified in his opinion. Clint Eastwood is, as always, brilliant in the role of Harry Kalahan. Everwood displayed cold and poor estimation as "The Man Without a Name" in the dollar trilogy of Sergio Leone, and he did it again in Dirty Harry's films. "A sudden shock" gives us the dirtiest Harry we've ever seen. Estudiant real girl Sondra Lok fits well in the role of vengeful beauty. Big Pat Hingle, who had already collaborated with Eastwood in Ted Post, in the West Hang Em Em in 1986, plays the police chief in a small town. The film also includes a wide range of truly disdainful characters, including a pathetic criminal played by Kevin Major Hovard (best known for his role in Full Metal Jacket Stanley Kubrick) and a woman named Rai Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan), undoubtedly one of the most repulsive and disparaging women characters ever in the cinema. Albert Popvell, who played bank robber in the famous "Do you feel happy?" The scenes of "Dirty Harry" and the black militant leader in "The Enforcer" is also part of this, again this time as Harry's colleague and friend. All in all, "Sudden Impact" is the bravest, dirtiest and probably the most violent of all "Dirty Harry" films (although "The Dead Pool" is not very good), and my second favorite after a great 1971 original piece. Absolutely required for Callahan fans, and highly recommended for all lovers of police thrillers and movie bad scenes. My Score: 8.5 / 10
