Clint Eastwood would again appear as detective Harry Callahan, who had been tired of the battle, but would also make a fourth record in the Dirty Harry series. 'Sudden Impact', like other add-ons, brings its recognizable style and tone, but if it's anything, it is most similar to the original in darker and dark moments (and it gives the classic line "Come on. Make me a day"). ?? but something of his humor must be seen to believe. A bulldog ?? called the meat head that writes and farts. Oh yes. However, the interesting fact is that this listing was only one in a series that it was not entirely set up in San Francisco. The story follows that Detective Kalahan attempted to assemble the parts of the murder in which the victim was killed in the bends and then between the eyes. After I got into trouble with my superiors in the office and triggered the alarm that triggered the criminal scourge of his blood. He was ordered to leave, but fell into a working departure to the coastal town of San Paulo, where a similar murder happened in the case of a vein (a bullet in the groin and between the eyes). There, he begins to dig up dirt, which leads to the idea that someone is seeking revenge. To be honest, I did not break much about Eastwood's move, but after many repetitions of the review, it was practically anyway. it grew to me to the extent that it was probably ranked with the first extension of 'Magnum Force'. This well-summed story actually gives Eastwood another angle to work (although it feels more sophisticated to deal with revenge characteristics that at the time had spread), pretty literally with something that punishes but badly harm. It's like experimenting with noir-thriller interfaces with characteristic features to help develop the emotional drum and possible moral framework. Its use of images is long lasting, due to its smooth atmosphere. Dark tones, dark light? as a scene in the end, similar to some Western silhouette of the silhouette (Harry with his new .44 automag gun) moving towards stunning plundering on fishing docks. This is a striking scene that builds fear! Mixing terribly cold with ordinary brutality and groping. It looked like it turned out. The big plus of these films are dialogues, until I call "Sudden Impact" first class, it provides enough exchange and unforgettable lines? "You are a legend in your mind." Do not you like to hear Harry who makes fun jokes before he takes out his piece? The action of beating when it happens is excitingly disturbing and intense? The only way to go and hiking flying with a bit in the form of straight passages. Lalo Schfrin would return as a composer (after 'The Enforcer' scored Jerry Fielding's goal), producing a methodical fun kick, which still breathed those grim signs into the textual fresh result that started from the beginning. a job behind the camera (where he worked with Dirty Harry) and gives the movie a lot of scope with the amazing background framing in some flawless tracking scenes, but also with sharp angles of instruments in these dramatic moments. As a dinosaur, Callahan still has bumps, going further from that smooth glance to do the job and probably showing a little more heart than you would expect from young Callahan. turned Harry's quest for justice on the badge, even though he did not always agree with that. I just realized it was a strange, real heart change. Her order of traumatic Torture (meaninglessly raped with her younger sister) is hidden by a glass of silent intensity. When the anger is dropped, it is tactically correct in its outcome. Paul Drake is perfectly dangerous and dirty as one of the targeted bullys, and Audrie J. Unimpressed by repellent sparkling and large mouths. These people are really ugly bunch of juice. Pat Hingle is as firm as head of a small coastal city. In the smaller parts, Bradford Dillman and the pleasant potent Albert Popvell (regular in the series 1-4, but under different characters). How can you forget it in Dirty Harry? yes, he is a bank robber who at the end of the quote of the trademark "Do I feel happy? Well, are you, punk?"
