This final entry into the films of STAR VARS George Lucas is often considered the weakest. However, this does not mean that it is completely worthless entering the series. On the contrary. Of course, it's not as revolutionary as its predecessors, and sometimes slower, but the RETURN OF THE EYE still offers a lot for the price of the reception. The first third of the film, where Luke and his friends rescue Han from Jabba Hut's palace, is a classic. Jabba, a truly disgusting lump of stuffed meat that speaks with its tongue, not only makes a great criminal, but also an unforgettable one. It must have been a nightmare to build this giant doll, and even less to give it spark and life that we see on the finished product. In fact, what makes this sequence fun is the smart use of dolls for various members of the Jabb's Court, including the scary, killing Rancor and the scary charlatan monster. It's built on a masterpiece to its climax and strikes all the time. Things become a bit slower about the second act, where Luke reveals that he and Leia are connected with blood and when we travel to the forest of the planet Endor, the home of a small, but stubborn Ewoksa. Most complaints on RETURN EATs that I read seem to be focused on these furry creatures, in that they somehow obstruct the tone of the saga. I disagree, though this moment is probably a little longer than it should be. However, their leader, Vickett (played by Varrick Davis) is a beautifully unforgettable creation, and seeing how they cope with the Imperial Troops technology with their simple, natural weapons, provide a fine contrast. We come to the third act, however, the pace is restarted, while we are crossing between the Evoke fight against the hull, Land and rebel forces that are launching an attack on a brand new half-finished Death Star, and Lucky's final bribe. with Dart Vader and Carem. This latter is associated with the Jabba Palace sequence as the culmination of the film. Mark Hamill bends back his acting heads as Luke Skivalker in these scenes, and seeing him as a full-fledged Jedi Vitez makes an unforgettable performance. Also, as an icon, such as the voice of James Earl Jones, such as Darth Vader, he rivals only a bumped, like a crone-like Emperor, playing with a deliciously rugged, scary evil, Ian McDiarmid. The tension between this three increases the excitement of this peak, which is appropriately darkened and over-emphasized. STAR VARS films always set standards for special effects, and the technical work in RETURN EAT can easily hold the candle to its predecessors. Fighting in space combat is just as exciting as ever, and a speedy bike ride through the forest is a knockout. Of course, since this film was created after THE NEW NADE and THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, it probably should not be so surprising that special effects have reached even greater levels of excellence. The acting is the classic STAR VARS tariff; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher all mature and deepen their roles, and Anthony Daniels provides more funny moments like C-3PO. Joda only appears in two scenes, but he uses it most. And yes, there's also John Villiams' music. All in all, while the RETURN OF EATs slightly shifts in the middle, the first and third ranks are in style, making this a pretty satisfying finale One of the greatest saga ever. In 1997, George Lucas re-released the classic STAR VARS in digitally renewed (and rearranged) "special editions", in which effects and / or footage appeared as well as some improvements. Of the three, RETURN EATs seem to have caused the most excitement with the fans of STAR VARS. Perhaps this may be due to an unbearable (though ridiculous, if not so easily offended) musical number "Jedi Rocks" in the Jabbin Palace, which, although technically incredible, hinders the flow of the film. However, I loved the final montage scenes where we see victories on the different planets of the galaxy. This DVD version has even more settings - we see more montage final scenes (especially on Naboo, where we hear what sounds like Jar Jar Binks screaming, "Vesa free!"), And, in that it's probably the most controversial change, Haiden Christensen as a spectacle Anakin Skivalkera in the final stages. Probably because of intense (and unjust) contempt, the fans are for his somewhat clumsy work in EPISODE II: THE KILLING OF THE CLONES seems inevitable for the fans to put this edition on their own. However, if you watch STAR VARS saga chronologically (and thinking about it), chances are you might react a bit differently. However, this is a question raised by fans, so it is probably best to warn them in advance. As far as it is nice that Lucas publish the original versions of these three classic films, he nevertheless stands by what he said that these reconstructions are "definitive" editions of his classic trilogy, and when they watch STAR VARS movies like One complete saga (as Lucas intended), in fact, makes sense to keep them technically and soundly consistent. Original movies will always be engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are equally fun if they can give them a chance.
