Director / star Clint Eastwood "Sudden Impact" is an intriguing addition to the Dirty Harry series - a combination of rough film and genius creation. He is central and dumb in parts, brilliant and classical in others, with a tempting, attractive pace. Here are a lot of episodes of the first film - the make of the show "Make Me Dai" reminiscent of "Do you Have Happiness" one, one of the villains is so sudden as Scorpio of the first movie, the actor who played Little Baddie in the first returns here as Harry's partner - just to name a few. Harri Callahan is still in conflict with the high-ranking factors in the department, still malicious, still difficult, but now he is older and more tired. His constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict - respect and respect for the law in relation to the desire to serve a pure spirit of justice, and two things are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the basic theme of the series. The first film posed a simple question: "What about the rights of the victim?" - (do they overcome those of the criminals? Reverse? Is Depends?). The answer to this film was controversial, which caused a continuation (a very pleasant "Magnum Force") that was about to pull the boundary between Harry's brand of justice and pure, soulless vigilantism. Dirty Harry, like many of Clint's other roles, is the personalization of revenge, the protector of the unprotected. This film, however, returns the victim, in this case Jennifer (represented by Sondra Locke), who decides to retaliate for raping himself and her now incapacitated sister by ruthless hunting and the ritual execution of men (and one woman) who committed the crime. Without entering the whole film, I will say this - I mentioned earlier that "Sudden Impact" is responding to the first movie - it actually spuns in a few references and jokes from a whole series (confusion regarding the captain's surname is an example - I believe this is a deliberate joke). The relationship between Kalahan and Jennifer is tidy - did our surgeon police find a friend for the soul in this woman? And is she an avenger or a victim justified by her and her sister's rights? The exchange between the two at the very end of the film is a poetic breakup of the series, which I personally (as a fan) found quite mobile. The latest scene makes Sudden Impact the legitimate peak of the Dirty Harry collection, the perfect answer to the conflict set in the first movie. (Not to mention "The Dead Pool" - this great movie was a relatively light and tense, yet comic thriller with Harry Callahan, not a movie about the character that defines this film). This film did well in theaters - the audience in Reagan Eri found Harry and his guy quite attractive, and the president himself often quoted "Come on, make me a day."
