It's weird to watch a movie in which some scenes work pretty badly (even if compared to other films in his legacy), while others in the "sub-storey" or accompanying story are surprisingly provocative and powerful. The sudden impact is one of those cases, where Clint Eastwood as a star / producer / director shows when he can be at his best, or at a time when he deals with crime / mystery / detective story in his Dirty Harry celebration. We get that line "make my day", and not like in the first movie where his "whether I feel happy" the speech was playful and cold for the first time, and the second time ultimately tough as nails, it is changing here. He, as usual, enters another division with the department, when trying to fight crime, especially robbery (inspiration for pulp fiction?) And quick search for a bus for older citizens. He was told to "go on vacation," and that's the last thing on his mind. All this main plot is not very convincing, except for the expectations of stories and lines, which only contributes to frustration. But soon his story melts with the background Eastwood develops from the very beginning. Meet the character of Sandra Locke, Jennifer Spencer, which we soon learn after some (appropriately) mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister were victims of a cruel, unjust sexual assault (wrong, full rape), and sleek, on a secret mission, taking revenge. Her scenes and stories are the most powerful parts of the film, the most intense, and ultimately when she joins Callahan's story (he gets the facts in the same small town where the murder is concerned), the film finally finds a focus between Eastwood's classic form of clearly defined good against evil although it is sometimes blurred, to be sure). Eastwood makes flashbacks, not to say too much about them, professionally, in a fresh, experimental style; The trademark Lalo Schifrin is totally atmospheric in these scenes and in others. It almost seems as though the sensibility of the art house got into Eastwood's really easy way of telling, which helps make the movie visible. It is a pity, however, that in the end it goes even more for the expected (or perhaps not expected) points, and up to the third act, Callahan does not have much to do except the usual "it's a blacksmith ... Vesson ... and I". However, Locke makes a very good performance (more subtle and more touching than the one in Gauntlet) and an exciting peak in the amusement park. In some way I work and I do not agree with Ebert's remark that it's like a "musical spot" in Eastwood's style. I admit there are comparisons with the simplicity of both directness, but the scenes where Eastwood breaks the shape are superior to those in any music video. It's rough, it's hard, it's not in line with the first two 'Harry's' pictures, but hey, there could be a worse way to spend a few hours with Mr. .44.
