After "Star Wars: New Hope" redefined the science fiction, and "Empire Rejects the Stroke" redefined "Star Wars", it's hard to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy can be as good as the other two, but this really works well . The first part of the film is resolved by the rest of the film, with an elaborate escape plan that is in line with the incredible tension and the action of the first two films. Then the film returns to the rebel alliance and what happens in the war. There is a lot of action in the construction of the scenes until the final confrontation of the rebels with carem. When the battle begins, the audience is already at the edge of its seat from everything that leads to it, and this final battle is even more intense than those from other films. This climax is definitely denser than the action of any other part of the trilogy, with the most vulnerable to rebellion. This is continually changing between the terrestrial battle between the rebel crew on the mainland (including Han Solo, Chevbacca and Leia), wildfire fighting (including Lando), and the conflict between Luke and Emperor on the new Star of Death leading to another duel with Dart Vader. It's really intense because the rebels are continually losing a battle that will determine the outcome of the war and there seems to be no way out. Although I think that Evox's idea of ​​surpassing the storms was somewhat far-sighted, it did not look very unrealistic, as there were more disruptions that rebels could use, and not a real threat to those who were in trouble, although they had some luck in Fighting them. In the end, there are one or two twists that nobody saw, which may not be as striking as the "Empire Strikes Back," but it still ends well with a very spectacular trilogy. With the brighter tones of "New Hope" and even more sinister tone "Imperia Returns a Blow", this film really completes them by combining these two in this great finale. A special edition of The Jedi Return was focused on what would be nice to change, since it did not need much of the original. Fifteen years of technological advancement did not make up for fifteen years of worsening as far as the scene is concerned, and there is still an occasional missing TIE fighter, but in addition it was good. The dislocated Sarlaac's mouth came to the moving tentacles and a huge head that looked like a trap for the fly, which definitely added uncertainty. Also, the discotheque was taken out of Jabb's Palace, and the poor ending of the original was replaced by a huge celebration of victory that covered the entire galaxy instead of the small village of Evok, which was the case with the original, and that is not really the ending story as big as it deserved. It's hard to say which of the three films was the best, but since it's all part of the same story, the whole trilogy is like one great, extraordinary movie. THREE must be seen for film lovers.
