The avenger has long been fascinated by the audience, as it evokes a sense of fast, secure justice; good triumphs over the evil and bad guy gets their deserts. That is, in fact, one of the things that made Dirty Harry Callahan's character (played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He wears a badge and works within the law, but in his heart, Harry is an avenger, who expresses justice in his own way, which often brings him into conflict with his superiors, as well as with the criminals he leads. But what attracts the audience; anyone who has ever been stuck in bureaucratic nonsense of one type or another, enjoys seeing someone cut the red tape and proceeding with it - even if it's just on the screen. And this pleasure derived from the sight of justice - and quickly - is one of the elements that make "Sudden Impact", directed and played by Eastwood, so successful. In this fourth series, while doing the murder, Harry encounters a bona fide vengeance at work - an individual whose justice is parallel to his, with one exception: Whoever it is, definitely does not carry a badge. In his unique way, Inspector Kalahan again ended up on the bad side of the department and ordered him to take a break. So he; like Dirty Harry can. In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry found himself in the midst of a murder case, which he quickly linked to the recent murder in San Francisco for the unique M.O. the perpetrator. Undoubtedly, Harry encounters the resistance of local police chief Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to take over the tactics and methods of the big city elsewhere. However, Harry continues the investigation, which ultimately includes a beautiful and talented young artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry discovers a link between the victims; The burning question is, however, where Jennifer Spencer fits into the picture? The creature is in top shape, both in front and behind the camera, and is probably the second best of five. -film series, right behind the original Dirty Harry. It's been seven years since the last Harry's offer (The Enforcer, 1976), but Eastwood goes back to character with power and renewed strength. And this is definitely the benefit of being in the director's chair, because he is able to re-capture the essence, not only his character, but also the "spirit" that has made these films so successful, and he does so by knowing the territory and By establishing a continuity that, apart from deleting the seven-year gap between # 3 and 4. As with all the movies it directs, Eastwood sets a deliberate pace that perfectly works for this material and creates enough tension to be interesting and involved from start to finish. The script, Joseph Stinson, is well written and formulated on this recognizable style of 'Dirty Harry'; The dialogue is charming, and the story itself (designed by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most interesting of the original 'Dirty Harry', as it successfully tries to play on the personal aspects of the drama, rather than on fully action. The characters are well drawn and convincing, and of course, this is a film that gave us one of Harry's best phrases: "Go ahead, make my day ..." As Hari, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make this character so popular: It lives on a personal moral code, a true individual made of the kind of things we imagine as pioneers who have settled this land and made America what it is today. Harry personifies this feeling of freedom and justice that we all strive for and keep ourselves so dear, perhaps more than ever before. No matter who we are and where we come from, it's an indisputable part of us who wants to be Harry, or at least have him nearby. "Dirty Harry" is an icon of the film, and it is impossible to imagine anyone other than the Creator who shows it; For better or worse, Eastwood is Dirty Harry, without question, just like Sean Conneri James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. Sondra Locke is fully effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, a young woman who was in crisis and consecrated, or how she sees 'justice'. It manages to make a stubborn determination regarding vulnerability to its character, with a convincing, introspective approach that is far beyond what is typical of the 'action' genre. Even in the midst of violence, Locke focuses on Jennifer and the traumatic events that led her to this stage of her life. Her portrait is a perfect complement to Istvud's Harry, and becomes, in philosophy and work, something of his colleague. In the accompanying roles, two performances stand out: Paul Drake, like Mick, makes the best. psycho 'from the dynamic rendition of serial killer Andy Robinson in the original Dirty Harry. With a very limited screen time, Drake establishes a truly disturbing presence that is convincing and convincing, which adds a lot to the pure visceral reaction of the audience. This is a guy you can not wait for Harry to take care of the end. Audrie J is also effective. Unofficial, whose role, Rai Parkinsa, is a style of 'low life' that can be found in any bar in any city. It is a performance that causes a response to the intestine level, and greatly contributes to the credibility of the film, in helping to provide the necessary sense of realism. Supporting film includes Albert Popvell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Ms. Kruger). With the perfect combination of drama and action, 'Sudden Impact' frees justice that is fulfilling a break from reality; the perfect justice of the not so perfect world, which makes a satisfying film experience. 9/10.
