Who says that zombies can not be turned into useful members of the community? Certainly not those who create "Fido", which lead us to a version from 1950, which was never the country, where they turned into the undead butlers and servants for the growing middle class. Timmy Robinson is an American boy who becomes emotionally tied to a new family family - a recently resurrected zombie Timmi gently named Fido. All this has enabled Zomcom, fraternal organizations big guy who found a way to zombies (who originally brought to "life" radiation from space) do rukovodljivim and docile - at least most of the time. <Br /> <br /> This weird, modern rotation on the television series "Lassie" - which could easily be called "The boy and his zombie" - slyly satirical retracts into such concerns as obsessive social harmony (here keeping-up-with -Joneses means having more zombie officers than people in the neighborhood), sterility of suburban life, corporate control of civil affairs, corruption in a small city and nuclear family values ​​- everything is played in a beautifully designed ambience of colored houses and impeccably landscaped lawns. The film does not release the audience over the head with its message, nor does it embark on an infinite hyperbole to generate laughter. Instead, this is a small, subtle, petty satire that causes grateful gossiping, not full crowds. Much of the humor comes from the conflict between the environment and serenity kavalirskog attitude towards death that showed the fine citizens of the community (Life Magazine switched newspapers Death Magazine). Despite some igrivoj graphic violence, the film stays true to the spirit of innocence that is usually associated with the 1950s and with the poor, the low-budget horror films that were part of the pop scene in that decade. > <Br /> K'Sun Rai, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are friendly and attractive as Timmy and his parents Cleave-Esquire (with a little ominous tones), while Billi Connolli achieved an almost impossible task, bringing a large part of humanity and the depth of role resurrected corpse. This is what "Lassie" may have had when Timmy's best friend hit the rabbit.
