In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead," we met in London where lazy men and high-power are equally compelled to fight the carnivore, reviving versions of their friends and family. At the end of the film, it is suggested that zombies are harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" represents us the epic "Shaun" set up in America in the 1950s, in a hilariously witty and original "what-if ...?" Movie. The film is set after zombie-apocalypse, for change; after the horror of the wars of zombies, the creation of ZomCon and their patented zombie collar, which make the bodies so obedient as lambs, ended. Every city in the world is fenced off by a wild zone, once a fertile area devastated by survivors of zombies and remnants of apocalyptic wars. The idyllic Villard town is your typical, untouched suburb of the 1950s, with a small difference; social status is measured by the family size of domestic zombies. Unfortunately, the Robinson family has no zombies, because of their patriarch, Bill, the fear of the reanimated dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen both suffer from the pressure of life in the suburbs, until the day Helen bought a zombie in an desperate attempt to impress neighbors. of a couple of violent abusers, and the two of them form a connection with the classic cliche "boy and his dog" ... a boy and his zombie. Timmy names his "lover" Fidoa, and soon becomes help for Timmy and Helen to escape the prison routine Bill put in. Robinsons must keep their relationship with a sudden wild zombie epidemic and still manage to keep their beloved Fidoa. Matrix "Carrie-Anne Moss as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelli as Fido)," Fido "has been a zom-com for years. With some rather entangled sub-folds - for example, sweet and disturbing feelings that Helen and Fido start to have for each other - and a sharp comment on the suburbs of the 50s and zombie genre, the movie manages to perform the worst (and best) in his characters, while still allowing you to take care of them. "Fido" is far from the best dark comedies I've ever seen, one of the best movies I've seen for a long time, and THE THE best zom-com of everovatnog "Shaun of the Dead".
