In the alternative 1950s, when the outbreak of the undead (caused by the mysterious "dust") contained through the use of special electronic necklaces, a young loner, Timmy, finds a friend in Billy Connelli, a newly-acquired homemade zombie family. Fido quickly becomes a surrogate father to Timmy, whose real dad is not able to adequately express his love for his son (or his wife who is hot in the hut, played by the beautiful Carrie-Anne Moss) who is psychologically grieving like a child (when he was forced to kill his father, who tried to eat him!). Timmy encounters a place of harassment, however, when the necklace of his spoiled friend goes to blink, and he attacks and kills his older neighbor. With authorities on Fidov's track, problems with a couple of local abusers, and his mother who connects with their assistant, Timmy will be able to keep her new friend? Refreshing performance about the whole zombie shield, Fido is a totally entertaining, deliciously dark comedy that should attract everyone with a slightly distorted sense of humor. Taking Romeo Zombi-stih and transplanting it into a small city from the 1950s, America is a brilliant move, and the result is simply one of the most original films dealing with the whole 'reanimated' dead theme I've seen. Connelli's Fido is a cinematic zombie worthy of inclusion in the Undead Movie Hall of Fame, along with Dai of the Dead Bubble, and Return Of The Dead Deadman Tarman; I often do not feel empathetic about the corpse while walking, but the performance of the Great Jin is so nice that I actually found myself fighting for a big blue bag of manure! The rest of the actors also make commendable appearances, with young K'Sun Rai (as Timmi) and Miss Moss who deserve special mention? Rai, because, for such a young man, he puts in a particularly safe turn, and Moss because she is so damn tasty! This is the third zombie movie I've been watching this week (others are somewhat disappointing with the Planet Terror and a pretty fun flight of live dead people), and, to my surprise, it's also the best. The director Andrew Currie has given fans of this genre something truly original and precious, and is a talent for watching in the future. 8.5 out of 10, rounded to 9 for IMDb.
