OK, I did not know what to expect when I saw the front page of Fido, honestly when I encountered it in a video store, I was tempted to rent this movie, but nothing about it did not attract my attention. But when I looked at Netflick, they advertised this as crazy if I liked "stupid" horrifying films, so I thought I was just trying to. I'm so glad I watched it, this was just a great movie, it was absolutely hilarious and so charming to watch. As I said, Pleasantville meets with Night of the Dead Dead, it's just a great concept, what happens after a mega zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they entertain themselves by leaving zombies as "handsome" citizens. This is a very foreseen horror / comedy movie, I think many people have been so scattered with Shaun of the Dead that this got a boot. But it's a great story, and the actors were perfect and they did this in a really funny movie. In the fifties of the last century, an alternative universe in which radiation from the universe turned the dead into zombies. This radiation is still troubled by humanity, as are all those who die after the original contamination is turned into an undead. In order to continue a normal life, the communities were fenced with the help of the ruling Zomcon Corporation. Zomcon provides the collar with accompanying remote controls to control the hunger of meat zombies by using them as slaves or servants. In the town of Villard, the housewife, Helen, buys zombies despite the zombie phobia of her husband Bill. Their son, Timmy, makes friends with a zombie, calling him "Fido". One day, Fidov's collar is defective and he kills their neighbor who turns into zombies. Timmy "kills" a zombie neighbor. When a couple of local villagers are blamed for missing neighbors, they capture Fida and Timmy. Helen comes and saves Timmia and Fida from the bully and they're trying to forget about the whole thing. A few days later, the body of the neighbor was found, and the murder is linked to Fidom, which was taken to Zomcon, where it is reported to the public that it will be destroyed. Timmy teaches through friends that Fido is simply working at a Zomcon factory. Timmy is moving to save him with the help of his neighbor with a zombie girl in the hope of getting Fido back. Really very much recommend this movie if you have the opportunity to see it, it's so stupid but fun. Billy Connelli did a great job like Fido and brought, without a sense of punishment, many lives in the character. I think the scene that smiled at me most was when Timmy had to bury the old lady Fido attacked and killed, his last words were so funny to him, "that you were not very nice, but you liked the flowers, huh?" "and I buried her in the garden, not to mention a neighbor with zombie girl, sick, disturbing, wrong, but classical laughter. I still love how, although this is like the Leave It to Beaver-eskuire type of the world, it still has much worse in the movie. If you have a chance to see Fid, take it, I promise some good laughs. 9/10
