As soon as I heard about this movie, I knew I had to check it out. Well, I heard about it, then I found a trailer. After that, I knew then that I had to see him. And I'm so glad I did. Want to see classic television blended with zombies? Not? Then get lost. FIDO is a movie that does not differ from anything I've ever seen. Well, actually, that's kind of. It's like a Lassie episode and a Zombie movie. Although in combination, it is brand new and original. FIDO is about a guy named Timmy and his new Fido. Well, this new pet is not a cowardly parrot or some puppy dressed in a tassel. It's a re-animated dead guy ... zombie. A large cloud of radiation affected the Earth that led to all the dead, which followed the Zombie Wars. Although through the genius of Reinhold Gigher, the leading scientist of ZomCon, he discovered that if you destroy the brain, the zombie will disappear, which will give us the advantage and victory in the Zombie War. Although due to prolonged radiation, when it dies, it becomes zombie. What can be a problem especially for older people. Although Zomcom is advancing again with more discoveries, especially with a home collar. The bar stops the zombie need for human meat and thus makes it harmless as a pet. But not all are perfect in this zombie utopia, collar, old people are dying and .... so I'll just let you watch this incredibly unique movie. FIDO is a fantastic idea that is being realized. With the actor's acting star and brilliant writing, FIDO rises most in the genre of comedy / horror. There are many fun and original situations that really made me entertained. Although I watched a movie, I personally think that the film would be better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the film does not last too long and moves from scene to scene at a good rate. It will probably become a cult classic in the end, because it's not a funny loud comedy or even a horror movie. The film is a comedy / family / zombie immersed in a 1950 vibe. If you thought that everything I said here was interesting, check out this movie. But if you're still on the fence, swing your leg back and stay there. 8.5 outta 10
