When it comes to the creation of the universe, George Lucas is an undisputed master and his final film Star Vars is very, very good (and more appropriately judged in relation to the two previous films in the original saga). After the recently seen Revenge of the Sith, this film is in perspective. The final battle looks even better because he knows what Anakin Skivalker has been through the manipulative hands of the emperor. He also makes a final battle between Luke and Vader Gorka in view of the love he felt for Padme and the love she felt for her children. In fact, while new films (especially episode II) are inferior to original films, they are good only for one reason. They make old movies even better. Mark Hamill works an extraordinary job in this movie. He really makes the changes through which Luke crossed. To be honest, I think he should have become a great actor based on these films, because he really does a great job. Harrison Ford is still good. However, you can feel that he has Raiders and Blade Runner between the two last chapters of Star Wars, as it seems to have grown slightly. Adds even more comedy (apparently inspired by Raiders) a person who works great. In short, Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher was never really a good actress, but she does a decent job and is certainly passable. Ian McDiarmid appears in this film and after seeing episode III, I can say with certainty that he is one of the finest criminals ever. James Erl Jones still gives Vader a voice, and he's still very, very good. In the sense that the movie looks pretty safe to say that Star Vars looks better than in one of the previous (two) movies, but this has always been Lucas forte, so that is really expected. The final battle around Endor is very well made both in terms of general effect and in terms of tension. It was also a nice touch that Lucas decided to hold three battles at the same time as adding total tension to the climax. The only thing I feel is retiring the movie from the otherwise deserved 9 Evox. These little creatures are so boring that they almost destroyed every scene they are in. In addition, I think it's a little kiddy when a group of teddy bears with arcs and arrows can defeat Squadron Squadron with laser pistols and a powerful machine. All in all, Jedi's return is a very good movie, but the fact that Markard Markand is less accomplished than Irwin Kershner makes the overall feeling of film less than brilliant. Also, George Lucas' s foolish decision to add Evox to the universe makes the film lacking brightness. 8/10
