A year earlier, I watched TV news when a story about filming a zombie movie was broadcast in my area. Since then, I have paid special attention to this film called 'Fido', because he finished the production and started playing at the festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido began playing in my local theater. And, yesterday, I read a newspaper article saying that Fido does not attract the audience in a limited edition, with the exception of our local theater. In fact, this is surpassing all the other shows in The Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course, this makes sense because many outlets want to see their city on the screen or see themselves wandering around in zombie makeup. And for all the other residents who have not yet seen Fido, but they think about it, I can say that there are many pictures on the screen, from school to city park to the forbidden zone, which you will recognize. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley look nice. It's a beautiful landscape in a zombie movie! However, Fido is a very good movie. Yes, despite the shortcomings, it's better than most other films that play in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie in which any one is replaced by a member of the undead. This is a smart premise. And the film goes even further, using the advantages of the 1950s emphasis on the harmonization and playing of the Cold War paranoia that led to McCarthyism. In addition, it builds on the idea that zombies can tame or train, which George Romero first presented on the Day of the Dead. He longs for a zombie servant, so he can be like all the other women in his block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is against this idea because he had to kill his father's zombie once. Finally, the family gets a zombie called 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly) and adapts to life with the undead. Billy Connolly inspired the casting. He is able to convey Fidov's confusion, longing, hatred and loyalty only with his eyes, trembling body and grunting. Connolly shows that he can better play underestimated characters from his unusual comic. This is his best role from Mrs. Brovn. Fido follows the rates of other recent demos such as Shavn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeimoon. Being someone who appreciates Bruce Campbell and Misti Mundae films more than those of Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer humor above the mountains in my horror. However, I understand the criticisms of those horror fans who feel that Fid does not have enough 'immortal massacre'. Nevertheless, I am sure that the patient spectators will be rewarded with a humorous humor. The film has broken down in its third act. It's as if the writers were so wrapped up in the sweet premise of the domineering zombies of the fifties, they forgot about the story. However, given my interest in comedy horror and my confession to watch the neighborhood on the screen, I evaluate Fido 9 out of 10.
