Long ago, in the galaxy far, away ... There was one boy who was only two years old when the original movie Star Wars was released. She does not remember the first time a video film, but she also does not remember life before him. He remembers the first gift "Star Vars" that got ... a shoe box full of action figures from the original set. He was too young to fully understand how much this gift would be special. But years later, he would get what has been downgraded to date as one of the best gifts he ever received: another box of action figures, ten of the last twelve as he was supposed to finish his collection. Now it's legendary in this boy's family that the last action figure he needed, Anakin Skivalker, stopped producing and carrying in stores, and how this boy went about ten years (until he came to college) trying to find one and finally buy from someone on the floor in the dormitory bedroom (do not ask ... it's the University of Northern Illinois). I can not review "Star Wars" as a movie. It represents absolutely everything good, fun and magical in my childhood. In my head there is no separation from Christmas, birthdays, flying and winter growing up. In winter, my friends and I built snowy fortresses and pretended that we were at Hoth (I was always Han Solo). My father's father built a house with trees and it served as the village of Evok. They also had a huge pine tree whose lower branches were high enough to create a kind of cave beneath it, and that made it a great place to convert that we were in the Iodine's home. I am foolishly foolish when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think that people either simply understand it or not. I do not receive the appeal of the Lord of the Rings or Star Trek, but I understand the terrible flocks of fans who follow them because I'm a mad fan of George Lucas movies. I do not feel the need to defend my opinion of these films as the greatest of all times. Every time I put them in a DVD player, I feel like I'm eight years old again, when life was simple and the biggest problem I had was finding out how to find Anakin Skivalker's figure. > Rating (for the whole trilogy): A +
