Perspective is a good thing. Since the release of Star Wars Episode I: A Phantom Threat, claims and counter-claims about how the episodes II and III will take place, they have drawn attention from the 'original' Star Wars films, making them part of a cohesive whole, rather than being old and new films are separated into separate trilogy. New films have made it possible to put new perspectives on older films. This new perspective allows us to appreciate what was often considered the weakest of the original trilogy: "The Return of Jedi". Often mocked by his "sweet" factor, ROTJ is in some way powerful as an original and just a little less impressive than the almost perfect "Empire Rejects a Blow". Indeed, the 'sweet' element of ROTJ, namely Evox, remains a weak link in the whole series. Did George Lucas put the furry dwarfs in the movie solely for trading opportunities? Only he can answer that question. This sweet factor on the side, the film is a brilliant full circle and evolution of saga. Following the conclusion "The Empire Rejects the Stroke," Luke Hamill traces his friends from the Rebel Alliance in Tatooine, his home planet, to save Han Solo (Harrison Ford), a space pirate who turned the rebel hero captured by Jabba Hutt for debts. Skivalker has changed the man since he left Tatooine with Ben Obi Vano by Alec Guiness to fight the evil of the Empire. Now all in black, Lukina's discovery of his origin left him confused and torn. His psychological makeup is not as strong as it would suggest his outward appearance. Although he could always help his rebel friends, he craves for another chance to face the evil Dart Vader again, despite his uncertainty whether to destroy him or ultimately turn Dark Side and join Vader on the side of the emperor. The early scene in Tatooine is impressive, from Jabbin's to its floating palace and the "all-powerful Sarlans" - the intent that lives in the sand. Lucas's CGI movie improvements in 1997 actually exacerbated the overall effect of Sarlac, making him fake and exaggerated. The Battle of Tatooine is remarkable and one of the more unforgettable. saga. Luke almost annoyed Jabba and his friends, proving that his strength as Jedi was now almost complete. When Luke returned to the Degobah system to visit the ill Iodine once again, the viewer was lowered by Yodin with a marked lack of time. Undoubtedly, the star of the Empire returns a blow, the Ioda is completely erased from the story while the progress of Luke's fate takes place on the screen. ROTJ is actually Lucky movie, maybe even more than original. His journey carries a movie as he approaches the conflict with Dart Vader and his fate. Other insurgents certainly work in his shadow. The relationship between Carrie Fisher and Solo is almost non-existent, unlike the "Empire". In fact, Leia's character is only developed in ROTJ, Solo's character seems to fade as the aspects of his personality become too familiar in the first two films. Their roles have the task of working together with the rebels to destroy the new star of death that is nearing its end. This time the car monitors the final stages of construction. The Empire intends to break the insurgency once and for all, while the Emperor plans to bring the mighty Skivalker to his side to work together (or is it a replacement?) Darth Vader. The Emperor is a different kind of evil for this film, less cunning than Governor Tarkin (Peter Cushing) of Star Wars, a deeper psychologically darker than anything else. He played great Ian McDiarmid, the car is just one of those characters you love to hate. All other actors are well entrenched in their roles. Hamill is surprised that Luke experienced more, making his guy's progress from a teenager, an impatient student to an enlightened warrior, one of the few real development characters of the series. Ford's role is poor, because all of his charm and charisma were spent in the first two films - he was still REAL star of the first movie. Fisher's Leia has more incentive, at least to the end of the movie where she finds out about herself that she was never sure of it ... Add to favorites like Alec Guiness like Kenobi, Ioda and lovely Chevbacca, C-3PO and R2D2 and the series remind family more than the acting team. In spite of the noisy forest battle of the film that includes Evoke and Empire, it ends well and includes the sequence of fighting in three directions: on Endor, in the universe and on the Star of Death, each with very impressive special effects. Music, as always, is brilliant and perfectly recording the mood in any case. As "Blue Danube" perfectly functioned for "2001: Odyssey in Space," the result of John Williams is a part of the folklore "Star Wars" as Light Saber and Silk. Luke left the left end open for interpretation, which means there could be more episodes. Sci-fi fans have re-created their versions of the episodes VII, VIII and IKS in their heads over and over again. ROTJ works when they get a chance, and furry cats on the side are a good ending of the series. When all six episodes look together, this saga might be the best ever made. Is it already? The addition of episodes I changed the landscape of the series. Therefore, the "Return of Jedi" can now be viewed in a different light and give him a whole new gratefulness almost 20 years after its publication.
