If you love horror movies with lots of blood and blood, tons of jumping moments and irresistible, escalating scenes of painful death, then look elsewhere. If you love a calm, cramped, imaginary horror that discards blood for the sake of a sincere sense of fear, then Vendigo is for you. Considered, under stress, George, his psychoanalyst Kim and their son Miles moving to the snowy landscape for a long weekend break away from the city. On the way up, George hits the deer with his car. The deer hunters are not thrilled when they realize that George has finished his pursuit. Especially, the disrupted hunter Otis takes it personally. Follow the family to the holiday home, taking care to see him. He spied George and Kim as they had sex. He shot through their window with a rifle when they were not at home, letting them discover the evil holes in the windows and walls when they came back. When Kim took Miles into a drug store in town, Miles attracted a small sculpture in the showcase, carved to resemble a man with a head of deer. A Indian man tells Miles that it is Wendigo, the spirit of a forest that has a taste for meat and is always hungry. Miles takes the figure home with him, but is persecuted with the death of a deer a day earlier. That afternoon, when he and his father went on a sled, George was shot and Miles chases through the woods of a creature that he barely sees ... or is he just in shock and imagining the whole thing? A few hours later, George hurried into the hospital, and Miles, still squeezing his statue, or blinking, dreaming or searching for the vision, to which Vendigo returns. This time, the raging god, who eats meat - part of the tree, part of a deer and part of man - hunts Otis, who finally crossed the edge. Vendigo is a beautifully made film, almost completely silent, but for the wind that winds through the snow-covered trees. Okay, the monster is somehow a fake look, but it's a little flaw, more than compensating for the genuine feeling of tension and horror that gets caught through every movie frame, and the creepy backdrop of the silent, snowy. the countryside. The performances are great, especially by Jake Veber as cunning and thoughtful George and Patricia Clarkson as his sweet, but non-stupid wife. They are a happy couple with their usual problems, and it is precisely the strength of their relationship and their love for each other that makes this film powerful. Watching this movie is often like watching someone's home video, so real appearances are. This film is not for everyone. Many people can be completely boring, waiting for the terrible Lovecraftian Beast and the bloody vengeance that has never come. We can never be sure whether Vendigo exists even when we look at it through the eyes of a sensitive child, and later, through the eyes of the lunatics. This is more psychological drama than a horror movie, but it has more than enough creepy elements to satisfy lovers of subtle horror.
