Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and son of Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) move to the country for a winter weekend relief from the hurried metropolis of Manhattan. By the way, they hit the dollar and ended up in the snow. There is a group of hunters who have been tracking money. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is crazy because the accident broke the horns of the males. George, Kim and Miles were upset by Otis, and worse, we quickly learned that Otis learned where they were staying. In the meantime, Miles is given an Indian Indian whom he has just seen. Is Otis a psychopath for our heroes? Is there a vendigos in the forest? I can see where Vendigo would have a series of problems that would attract spectators. The film is quite low budget, with technical limitations that are often displayed. Most of the film, and perhaps everything, is not actually a titular creature. And maybe a fatal blow for many people, he has a very ambiguous ending, with a series of questions unanswered. If such ending discourages you, and you do not like films that aim to prompt you to think about what it means, do yourself a favor and avoid Vendigo. I personally love movies like that. I usually prefer some ambiguity. Marketing Vendiga is aimed at those who want a fast, frightening movement of beings, where they would expect a great battle with some supernatural monster that was ultimately defeated, and everything is neatly bound except for the opening for Vendigo 2: Monster Returns, but that's not what it is this movie. Vendigo is much more imaginative and poetical than the surface of such a movement would suggest to most people. Heck, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, reciting Robert Frost. Frost song and George's comment that Frost can challenge complex images and atmosphere from seemingly simple things, the key to film. One of the best things in a movie is its complexity. In a way, there are four different films that appear at the same time, a thread from each character. In George's thread, he is not the happiest or most handsome guy in the world, and he has some parental problems. For him, the film is a realistic, awesome descent of his life from bad to bad. In Patricia's thread, she seeks rejuvenation of her life and family. She is a psychologist, mostly denying the problems around her, hoping that they will leave and be better. In Otis thread, he is even more fortunate than George, and George's coming to his life symbolizes the final "crack" in his psychological armor. And in Miles's thread, which is probably the most important of the film, life is like a great song because of his youthful innocence and the interpretation of the world. But this is a story of horrors, though, though one with a hint of hope, and events in the film Miles's poetic interpretation give a dark turn. However, when everything is said and done, it seems that the only one who retains her calmness, because of the poetic perspective. Although the low budget movie has many well-executed higher budget ambitions. Fessenden and director of photography Terri Stacey find great shots in beautiful locations and create interesting slide shoves such as editing (such as maps or Indian images from vendiga). There are also more interesting traditional installations, such as the Miles Nightmare. Vendigo is better recorded and mounted from many large budget films. Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The appearance of "Vendigo" eventually helped me and was appropriately undefined. Lighting was usually good - there were several times that the dark scenes were not as clear as they could be, but it seemed to be more a problem with the stocks of the movie (it could be digital instead) or transferring. I thought that the performances are good and far more realistic (if you appreciate it) than most movies. Although I did not really notice the result, it must have been okay, or I would notice it with a negative estimate. All in all, Vendigo is a very good movie that deserves to be viewed without prejudice, as long as you do not mind thinking about the movies you are watching.
