An extraordinary example of kinematic alchemy at work, with the triple 'noturgeon lung lead script (written by numbingly Central Hollywood hack nonpareil Jole Schumacher, no less) are magically transformed into the selection of a piece of superbly shining 24-carat music drama of gold thanks to a lively direction, fresh, appealing performances, spot-on production values, the tasty recreation of the 50th year of New York, an infectiously shedding tone, and indeed a wonderful rhythm and blues by the great Curtis Maifield. . The story, freely based on the real-life ventures of Supremes, proesely documents a tiring rise of three bright eyes, depleted black teenagers desperately wanting to escape war, uneventing a geto plight and making it big in the dazzling world of commercial R & B music. All the obvious difficulties of current wealth and success - ego that destructively work, drugs, corruption, the struggle to preserve your integrity, and so on - can be predicted, but luckily, an equally good work seen in other departments of the film almost completely nullifies Schumacher's flat, uninspired forging. Top-class acting greatly helps. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dvan Smith are sensationally sexy, lively and attractive leading - and excellent lifting singers. Compared to the fine performances, Charming Boy Pre-"Miami Vice" Philip Michael Thomas as a patient group, gentleman manager, Dorian Harevood as McKee's mario, aggressive love dog dog, and long-standing blakploitation baddie Tony ("Hell Up in Harlem, "Bucktovn") The King as a dangerous seductive, smoothly operated, stone-colored gangster. The tone decreases and turns into witty and sharp to melancholy and blitma, without any rhythm skipping, skillfully evolving into a brilliant, exciting odu of the extraordinary ability of the human spirit to efficiently master exceptionally t egyptian and intimidating chances. Veteran editor Sam O'Stern has made his debut in his directorial debut .The luminous cinema Bruce Surtees and the professional editing of Gordon Scott are impeccable O'Stern has firmly grasped the atmosphere of the period, the sharp eye for tiny, but speaking small details and an unmistakable sense of busyness, an uninterrupted pace, are equally impressive, not for the stupidity of the impeccable contributions of Curtis Maifield. "Jump," "What can I do with this feeling," "I give," "Take my precious Master, "" Lovin ti baba "and" Look at everything is a heart, "all are superbly melodious, soulful, almost incredibly fantastic songs, with a cute hot jones number" Something He Can Feel ", later covered by Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, clearly copping top music honors as the best ever song in the whole movie. The net result of all of these above-mentioned extraordinary attributes convincingly illustrates that sometimes it is not the script as much as it is done with the mentioned scenario, which in turn determines the overall quality of the film.
