It was a double interesting experience. For some reason, the greatest scientific mind of the 20th century has never been the central figure in the film *. The closest I can imagine as films with Einstein are CHAMPAIGN FOR CAESAR, where (as "deus ek ma-china") a big man explains the point on the radio quiz, proving that Ronald Colman is, after all, gave the correct answer in BULLSHOT, where the great Albert is one of the top ten leading physicists and scientists who have been drugged by cannabis by a villain, intending to steal some of their machines. It is significant that in these two cases, the IK is about comedies. So far no one has tried to make a serious film about Einstein's life, as John Huston's attempt to do at FREUD with Montgomery Cliff. I suppose it is too difficult to bring the world of mathematical equations or the secrets of electromagnetic field theory into an exciting dialogue. But then, just three years ago, Russell Crove and Christopher Plummer made a PRECIOUS UM. Maybe no one really tried it. (* After that, after I wrote this, I remembered the successful comedy IOUNG EINSTEIN with Yahoo Serious ten years ago but that was an exception and it was a bastard.) Another surprise was the actor who plays the great Alberta. It was Valter Matthau, who took the time out of a series of films he worked with Jack Lemmon in that last decade of their career. Matthau was a highly capable and talented art actor, in comedy and drama, but his comic characters were usually variants of his "Vhiplash Villie" Gingrich from FORTUNE COOKIE. They were connivers and gonizers. They would later dismiss their criminal tendencies because we liked them, but they remained dirty guys. But his Albert Einstein is really cute. More like his Kotch than as Villie Clarke. He plays Alberto as a good old uncle Alberto. It seems that Matay's Einstein lives in Princeton with his niece, Catherine Boyd (Meg Rian), and she sees with the abominable professor James Morland (Stephen Fri). But Fry's car needs to be repaired and taken to an automobile store where Ed Valters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins falls on Ryan, who is attracted to him - but he thinks he misses the mental equipment he admires. Good old Uncle Albert, with the help of three of his friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher and Gene Saks), decided to give their help to Robbins and make it an apparently unrecognized physical genius. This will open the door of romance between him and Ryan, provided Ryan is impressed and Fri does not ruin things (as he hopes to do so). The atmosphere is sweet, as when Matthau and his friends are deployed. to a super-physical quiz that helps Robbins to deceive (shifting the positions of their bodies). The plot ultimately leads to a clear lie that the brilliant Robbins constructed an atomic rocket - which brings the interests of the nation in the shape of President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). It was a charming comedy, and an interesting stretch for Matthau in that it was not so hyper as normal, but far more submissive.
