About 1986, I saw a film accidentally on television. I was 6 years old. It was similar to my accidental view of the scary ending. Do not look now in 1987. I went to Venice next year in a quiet terror, hoping God would not have found my parents to watch it! Would you mind my parents knowing that I was watching Les Valseuses while I was a child? I would probably avoid the topic with my dad even today, and my mom probably disagrees with life after death. I do not know if they would like to see it anyway. From getting into and capturing a woman in a residential building on the first scene to descending down the mountain paths with glazed saturated eyes, I'm never sure whether this movie is a senseless piece of garbage that neglects a sexual revolution or is a sexy movie that will free you from watching you realize it you can never be so insulting. It is definitely violent. She has a violent look at sex, practically without a confession of love. Even sucking a young baby mutates into a greedy sexual act of exploitation. But the scenario is very erotic and (God's so British) excites! Do they suck their breasts for their own good? It's exploitation. Then why do I get wooden? The guys go in search of an experienced older woman, find the ex-detainee, mother? I do not know. It ends in a really terrible suicide. I described it to my friend JB Nelson, who has the cannibal of Holocaust-courage, and he went eeuurrghhh! There is no maternal love for this film, quite the contrary. Mocking up where the boys started. Why are they shooting a girl in the leg? Why are they coming back? Should women be punished to learn what is right from men? I'm thinking about two films, one of which I wish I never saw, and another made me wish that I was not such a cruel world. The Sweet Avai / Madonna, which a bunch of insanity does not calculate, has never been so offended that a woman is punished for being a slave to a man and his may Madonna saying that everyone respects a guy who is so angry that I can not use punctuation! Once in America / Leone, God, why do Noodles do it? It destroys the path to the joy that we have been following all our lives. I'm so close to finding love with Deborah. Now they are both destroyed. Why Sergio? Why? There is no rape in Les Valseus but a lot of sex and nudity in abundance, both sexes. Very honest, no titles. No fantasy, there are no perfect Hollywood smooth moves. Jokes, yes. But there is too much darkness and jealousy and deceit to be called sexual comedy. Forget to carry on shooting A naked hair salon in the Cos Cos It will come back and you will hook it with your vengeful son and former mistress and learn how to descend from it. Two things that I can not stand are movies for rape and prison movies. Les Valseuses is not a film about rape! God, no one will want to look at him now! It's a great movie!
