Yes, you read that right, kids. Michael Bay was supposed to study this film before making some of his over-transformed, excessively unnecessary "Transformers" films. "Robot Jok" is better than both and probably cost less than the Transformers team spent on personal coach Megan Fox. Fortunately, this little robotic jewel, originally known as the film, seems to have developed a cult that was followed by Charles & Albert Band. I kindly recall that I watched it on VHS during the first video release of the early 1990s, and although some of the cold-blooded policies / stereotypes were already outdated (only Bend's happiness that communism would fall while the movie was sitting on the shelf waiting to be released, and?), it's still pretty damn cool B-Movie. They do not really look like this any more, or if they do, they cross Bai's route and CGI things to unbearable proportions. For those who are not familiar, here is Robo-scoop: somewhere in the future and after the Holocaust, "large-scale" wars are forbidden. Disputes between nations are now solved by mano-a-mano (or maybe it should be machine-o-machine-o) by one representative on either side, fighting each other in the robots of the Shogun Varrior style. Whatever the 'bot' goes from winning for the fight for "your" side. Gary Graham (who will later play detective Sikes in the TV series "Alien Nation") plays "Achilles", the biggest Robot Jock in the market (aka good guys). Achilles was undefeated during the previous nine robotic fights (ten were the maximum number of battles before retired "Jock") and at the beginning of the film he faced his counterpart from Confederation (ie, Russian!), A psychotic Alekander (who at the top of the "evil of the Russian" stereotype, a bad guy from the notorious turn of Dolf Lundgren as Ivan Drago in "Rocka IV"). The game is called unresolved when Alexander violates the rules with an illegal robotic movement at the last minute and ends with not only the shameful Achilles, but also kills the entire crowd of spectators. It is anticipated that the match will end, but Achill simply wants to retire, drop his helmet and continue with his life. Instead of breaking the Spoiler Rules revealing much more, I will simply say that there are many turns, behind the scenes and other difficulties for Achilles and his fellow "Joke" before two robot titans finally collided once again in the final. I hope I do not want this movie to be some sort of masterpiece of science fiction, because it is not. Robot Jok is simply fun. Let it be a slightly higher concept than your average B-sci-fi movie, and although budget constraints are occasionally released (especially in scenes involving some painful obvious corruptions on the green screen), it's still the best movie ever emitted from Empire / Full Moon Pictures. Scenes of robot fighting are very well made using old school stop / model techniques, and sets and costumes do not look half-full. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon has definitely recorded stars with this picture. Unfortunately, for them (or for the studio) it was not quite enough, but at least we got a hecky cool movie from the deal. Conclusion: if you want to be an aerial and visual attack for 2 hours, feel free to rent a movie "Transformers". By the end you will probably feel like you spent all that time watching someone else play video games. If you want to have a rock'em, sock'em robot, use Robot Jok well.
