"The Matador" is a dark comedy starring Pierce Brosnan as an ardent fiancee who is happily married to an American businessman (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although it seems that the Sardonic Julian (ironicly called "Noble") on the surface of "a solid guy", below him is only a mass of neurosis and insecurity, a man who realizes that the chosen profession left him practically alone in the world and without a friend. Thus, on his birthday, he arrives to Danny, a man who lived his life by playing the rules and which became strangely intrigued by Julian's "unconventional" way of life. In fact, they both find each other in a person they would never be able to, but want to become in their quiet, frank self-evaluation moments. Although the movie reminds little of the "Analyze This and" Midnight Racing "to feel completely fresh and original," Matador "still earns points for the complexity of its characters and the quality of its acting. Brosnan, who he looked old and nearly used, teeth his teeth in the role of Julian in a way he had never before. Playing a man who seems incapable of making a serious connection with another human being, Brosnan is a moment of cavalier, and then the next true and sympathetic. keeps us out of balance, so humor never makes it not kidding or getting up Kinnear is also great as a Regular Joe businessman who is even more attracted to Dark Side while his relationship with Julian is deepening Hope Davis works great like Bean Danny's loyal and beloved wife who, like her husband, found intrigued by this mysterious and "dangerous" figure from a world that is far different from the one who knows it. Sometimes we feel like "Matador" is something that takes away us, not quite deep in the depths of our situation and premises. In the end, it seems a little too light, a bit too irrelevant to register the impact that it should have. It could be because this is the debut of the feature film for writer / director Richard Shepherd, and he has not yet managed to calm his film. Nevertheless, it is appreciated that he does not always go on obviously and firmly focuses on the two main figures in a piece, rarely settling for a banal setting or a slight laugh. Matador is a flawed, but generally fun comedy that will, I hope, signalize a new stage in Brosnan's acting career.
