Maria Braun's marriage (MMB) is about a German girl (Mary) who marries a German soldier (Herman Braun) right at the end of the war. Having married half a day and a night, Herman is sent back to the front. In order to make ends meet, Maria begins to work in a bar for mostly US soldiers and meet a black soldier. She said that Herman died on the front and that things were developing between her and an American soldier. Herman entered them, in bed, and after the conflict between him and the American, Mary killed the American. Herman acknowledges the murder, ends up in prison, and Maria swears to wait for him. The earth is in disarray; It can be seen that people leave everything for their cigarettes. There is food shortage. In short, the survival time of the most capable. Basically, this film projects Maria's viewpoints - those attitudes that allow themselves in the circumstances, as a metaphor for the loss of the soul of Germany after losing the war, and how it continues to be renewed. For example, Maria has the following conversation with the seller (who plays Fasbinder himself); The seller is trying to sell her an excellent copy of Kleist and notes that "Kleist quickly burns, does not give enough heat to the cold." The seller answers: "It's another way to look at it. Right now, that's probably the right way." Maria meets with a French / German businessman, Karl Oswald, after embarking on a first-class trunk. She decided to connect with Karl, "You will not have an affair with me; I have an affair with you." She also takes responsibility in the company, and after a while has full trust in the company. When Karl says "I guess we just have to wait for a miracle," she answers: "I prefer to do miracles, then wait for them." In her own words, she became the "Mata Hari of the Economic Miracle". In many Fassbinder films he tried to expose psychological processes behind social mechanisms (see Freud); In other words, he liked to show his camera on shit, false social mechanisms, conversion. The direct approach Maria takes in this film is successful in transposing this ideology. For example, she calls Karl and when she picked up the phone, her request is immediately to the point "with whom she should sleep with someone". As Fassbinder said: "The emotions that people feel do not exist at all and were just some kind of sentimentality we thought we needed to function properly for members of society." He also noted that his films are anti-emotional. Especially I liked the scene when Karl and Maria met in a restaurant in Munich (apparently, Hitler himself was often visited by him). Mary appears under control, and Karl is a bit on the underside, as if Mary's "brutal honesty" had expired, as if it were no longer fully in line with the situation. Karl says: "I have to tell myself again and again that I love life." Maria answers: "It's not life, like we signed a contract to enjoy life. And then we go to eat and talk about food." I suppose that this is true of Fassbinder's attitudes about relations, that he never surrender to anyone completely. And why would you, if it is the central part of most of his films about "What Love Becomes in This Society - Goods, Instrument of Power, Weapons." It is noted that it is typical of Fassbinder that the scenes with Maria and Beththie are woven with expensive dresses in ruins after the war - with clothes being essentially a wrong period. What I think he wanted to show here were those attitudes, when you feel bad, "you can always put your make up and face the day that looks great." But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any errors in the film can be corrected in the next project. After finishing movies (about 4 years old), like other people rolling cigarettes, it's not surprising that this movie has some very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the scripts, said that Fassbinder was probably dreaming the whole scene with Mary and the American in the park overnight. Hanna Schigulla is brilliant as Maria. Basically, it just looks open in the camera. Mary's words "It's a bad time for emotions, but I like it". There are different opinions about the end. After Karl died of a heart attack, Herman finally appeared. (Herman went to Australia after he left the prison to "become a man again.") After the testament was delivered (written to her and Herman in half), Mary forgets to shut down the gas on the stove when she lit her cigarette, and blew her and Herman. It's obvious to me that she did it by chance. At the same time, she must have been upset when her dreams come true and come true. She must have felt like she was no longer alone. She felt as if she had survived herself.
