Maria Braun married in the midst of a fight around her and her husband Herman. The blast pierced the building, and she and Hermann had to sign papers on a pile of ruins on the street. Perhaps this might strike something like a difficult metaphor for what will come: marriage on the rocks, so to speak. It is a rush in which a husband goes to war and is held in a Russian prison camp, inaccessible to helpless but hopefully proud Mary, who stands beside the depressed ruins of a railway station, because some come home, others do not, with a sign waiting for Herman. The problem arises, as happens in the melodrames of Rainer Verner Fassbinder, and as one of his best and most provocative, we see that Maria (an unusually beautiful Hanna Schigulla in this role) will make two faces: she will stand with his man, even if it means working at a bar for US GIs, and even after hearing from a fellow soldier that Hermann died, he will still stand by him while sleeping with black GI and approaching his child (that is, of course, until it reappears and the murder takes place and he takes a tail to be sure), or and the German businessmen (effectively sympathetic Ivana To the right) and becomes his lover and sometimes rising star in the company. Mary will do everything she needs to be successful, but she will always be married. It's hard to say there is something about Maria that is not fascinating. Money, sex, power, all this becomes interchangeable for Mary. She is like a feminist who has her cake and eats her with a hot smile: she gets a husband, more or less (actually much less than the last ten minutes of the movie) while she gets things - a man who loves her whenever she can, a new and expensive house with her servants, secretarial, money - that others do not get because of having been with a man, or being too weak in a position to be anywhere elevated (like the secretary, he played interesting enough. Maria is sexy, confident, and alone, with an idealized life that going against the life that should be made in the shade. She says for two men - an American soldier and poor old and sick Oswald - she loves them, and at the same time he will keep those rosy, confused and painful husband Hermann sent from Canada after being released from jail. She throws a profile that would The feminist liked to show, but she understood where she was coming from and was going all the way. Fassbinder uses this inherent contradiction, and it seems that moments with Mary against the convention of melodrama (for example, Herman on a twisted and half-naked Marija and GI are just a masterpiece of the scene, Maria re Lesson no surprise or injustice, but pure luck to see if he's there, let alone alive), while holding their pistols as a director of such high-sounding techniques with a story that should be predictable. But that's not real. It's like a big metaphor for a country that after the war could not get into normality. Several times Fasbinder puts the sound of the radio in the background, and we see Mary walk around her family house, the crowd and the hustle and bustle around her, and the radio talks about a divided Germany, about things that are still very nervous, a mess. Maybe it's the only way to get out of it, or maybe just my interpretation. It's hard to say, indeed, under Schigullin's face and eyes, anyway. It's such an incredible performance, indeed, one of those who captured the glamor and the attractiveness of an old Hollywood female star, while the dirty ethics of a girl on the street. The most controversial costumes are seen in one scene when it finally comes with her husband, where she plays in one of those super-lustrous black lingerie and high heels, and then goes on a dress without thinking about it. This is almost the essence of what Maria is, and Schigulla is beautifully lowering him, a stubborn but somehow loved figure that is worshiped and confused by men around her, sometimes in a single sentence. That's what Fassbinder makes in his beautiful first part of his "trilogy"; While I may have preferred Veronica Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun may be as good as a study of the character, what makes a woman tick and point (almost) nothing to lose.
