'Student from Prague' is an early feature-length horror drama or, say, 'authorenfilm' (ie Authors). This film is a member of the movement of many movements that tried to give a reputation to cinema, or simply profit, adapting literature or theater to the screen. Fortunately, the story of this book with moving images is good. Using the song Alfred de Musset and the story of Edgar Allen Poa, she focuses on the theme doppelganger. Unfortunately, the movie that is the most interesting film is the double effect of the exposure in order to make Paul Vegener appear twice in the scene. Guido Seeber was a special effects wizard for his day, but he is not very good at positioning the camera or moving it. Film scientist Leon Hunt (printed in Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative), however, made an interesting analysis of this film using a framing to enhance the theme of pairs: characters are separated left / right, near / far and frontal / diagonal framing characters and recordings. Nevertheless, the film consists mainly of extended long-distance recordings from a fixed position, which is noticeably primitive. Worse still is the lack of editing; There is very little disassembly of the scene and the scenes are retained. None of this was unusual for 1913, but at that time there were several advanced films, including better parts of 'Atlantide' (August Blom, 1913), 'Twilight of the Women's Soul' (Ievgeni Bauer, 1913). and short films by DV Griffith. The expanded universal dictionary from 1926 would provide significantly better remake. Moreover, the remake has the reason Liduschka character, except that the occasional problematic deputy and surrogate of the viewer. Here, the obsessively acting gypsy lurks, seemingly, with a mask of invisibility. I know that their world is silent to me, but I suppose, with their lips moving and such that their world would not silence them, so how can Lidus turn around on the shoulders of others and not be noticed? <br /> <br Still, this is one of the most interesting conceptual early movies. Vegener, who seemed to be the main mind behind this film, in addition to playing the role, would later play the lead role and co-directed The Golem in 1920 - helping further the introduction of supernatural strings in German cinema. (Note: The first version I looked at lasted about an hour (it certainly was not completely finished) and was in a bad condition with sometimes colored faces and such. Since then I've seen Alpha DVD, which at 41 minutes, there is a lack of a footage present in the aforementioned printed edition and also has fewer and very different cover cards, but visually not so bad though.)
