One of the most important artistic movements in the history of the film was, undoubtedly, German expressionism, an extremely atmospheric style of filmmaking created during the twenties in Berlin. Classic films like "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari". (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Simphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement, and although the movement did not have a long life, its enormous impact on the cinema can still be felt, especially in the horror genre. One of the key figures of this style would be director Paul Vegener, director of the 1920s "Der Golem, Vie Er in die Velt Kam", as in his debut as a director, seven years before the creation of the classics, he already experimented with expressionism in film. This first prototype of German expressionism was by chance another horror film: "Der Student Von Prag". "Der Student Von Prag" ("Student from Prague") is the story of Balduin (Paul Vegener), a student with the reputation of being the best swordsman in Prague, but who is always in financial trouble. One day, Balduin saves beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in the lake after the horse accidentally dropped it. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon she finds out she will have to compete with her rich cousin, Graham Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Korner), who also wants to marry her. Knowing that she can not offer much, Balduin wants to be rich, and that is where the sorcerer Scapinelli (John Gottovt) enters the scene. Scapinelli offers Baldua an endless fortune in exchange for what she finds in her room. Balduin accepts the proposal, only to discover in horror what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. Free-inspired by the short story of Edgar Alan Poa "Villiam Wilson" and classical legends about "Faust," the story of "Der Student Von Prag" was conceived by German writer Hanns Heinz Evers, a master of horror literature and one of the first writers who considered script writing to be valid as any other form of literature. Written at a time when the film in Germany was still developing as an art form, "Der Student Von Prag" shows real willingness to really use a movie to tell a fully developed story outside the camera trick or a series of scenes. Like most screenwriters of his time, Evers' script is still very much under the influence of the theater, although Der Student Von Prag begins to distance himself from that style. Even though he is a little bad in developing his character (especially on accompanying characters), Evers manages to create an interesting and complex protagonist in the person of Balduin. While the "Der Student Von Prag" was the director's film Paula Vegener's debut and the second film by Stellan Riy as a director, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what the film could do when done correctly. Offering great benefit to Guido Seeber's cinema, two young filmmakers create a strong Gothic atmosphere that predicts what German filmmakers would do for the next decade. Vegener would learn many techniques he would use in his series "Golem" from Seeber and Rie. Despite the very limited resources, Rie and Vegener are able to create an incredible and highly convincing (for their time) visual effects for Balduin's reflections (also played by Vegener). Already an experienced actor at the time of this film, Vegener directs actors with great talent and also tries to move away from the stagnant style of previous filmmakers. As Balduin, Paul Vegener is very effective and probably the best in the movie. This certainly helps his character to be the only one that is fully developed by the writer, but it can not be denied that Vegener was very good in his role as a poor student who loses more than his mirror in that contract. John Gottovt plays a dark Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that matches the character as a glove. Little is said of Scapinelli in the film, but Gottovt is sure to inform us that he is the power to be feared. The rest of the main actor is less fortunate, because Grete Berger is quite average as Countess Margit, and Lothar Corner makes a bad Graffe von Schwarzenberg. However, it must be said that Lida Salmonova was fairly good in her expressive character and Fritz Veidemann made a great baron of Valdis-Schwarzenberg, showing the dignity that Lorner's character should have. Given the films that were in those years in other countries and the fact that its remake (made 13 years after this film) is overwhelming in every possible way, it is not difficult to understand why "Der Student Von Prag "did not stand the test of time as other early films. The film's main problem is certainly its extremely low budget, because the film was significantly shorter than what Evers' story should have been fully developed. This makes the shop sometimes overly vague, or even incomplete, as if something in the narrative is missing (of course, there is a possibility that the existing impression is incomplete). However, "Der Student Von Prag" is a very interesting early attempt of a complex story of horror and uncertainty in the film, which, although inferior to what other filmmakers had done at the time, left a strong impression in history. As a direct predecessor of the German expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the enormous importance that Der Student Von Prag has in the history of the German film, probably in the history of cinema in general. It may look obsolete even for its own time, but given the limited resources its director has, it is really better than most of the films of that time. As a film that launched Paul Vegener's career, and thus German expressionism, "Der Student Von Prag" must be seen for everyone interested in this part of the history of the film. 7/10
