1927, and Hollywood has been on the map as the center of the cinema world for more than a decade. Now that the location of the industry is worth millions of dollars and a vertically integrated studio system has been established, some of those in the quieter premises of this film making factory took time for a little self-interest. The last command, although her heart may be a classic story of a formerly prestigious man who has fallen into difficult times, frames that speak in a gloomy view of how cinema recklessly restores reality, and how its production process could be mercilessly impersonal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who was on the scene long enough to know. At the center of attention is the man who at that time was among the most famous Hollywood immigrants ?? Emil Jannings. Prior to coming to America, Jannings mainly worked in comedy, being a master of the chimps, and hastily well-performed performances, often as pompous authoritative figures or crazy old ones. He enters the last command as the last one, and at first it appears to be another Jannings cartoon. However, as the story progresses, the actor demonstrates his range, showing by turn a delicate weakness, peaceful dignity, and ultimately terrible power and presence in the finale. He never ceases to be overly exaggerated (German acting tradition does not know anything about subtlety), but he constantly keeps our attention absolute control over every aspect of his performance. The director was another immigrant, even though he was longer in Hollywood and had no background in the European film industry. Nevertheless, Joseph von Sternberg was painting the image of an artistic and commanding Teutonic China Meister ("von" was, in fact, fictitious), and a very characteristic approach to the craft. In this picture, his handling of the pace and tone should be mentioned, an excellent example is the first of the Russian flashback scenes. We open with a carefully constructed chaos with movement in the converging directions, which the audience becomes part of when the camera pulls back and adds on the screen. Then, when Jannings arrives, everything settles down. Jannings' performance is incredibly quiet and measured, and when players around him start to reflect this, the effect is that his presence has restored order. Sternberg seems to show repulsion to violence, allowing the worst moments that are unfolding outside, yet they imply that they have occurred with the flow of images that is almost poetic. In fact, he seems to have no real interest in the action. At the scene of the rebellion, Sternberg occupies an objective position, and his camera is finally pulled into the position of the fly on the wall. Compare this with the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex combination of points of sight and intense close-ups that pull us in the middle of their interaction. As a person on the set, it seems that Sternberg was similar to the cold and insensitive director who played on the screen by Villiam Povell, and in fact Povell's portrait is probably something that he is a deliberate parody on which he himself would Sternberg was. Unfortunately, this rough relationship did not make it easy for him to work with him, and together with his focus on his technical resources over his human, the less performance in his paintings leaves little to wish. While Jannings shows the classic hamming in Charles Laughton mode that works dramatically, no one seems to have told his colleagues that they are not in comedy. Evelyn Brent is pretty good, giving us some good emotions, but she's over there and there. The only performance approaching Jannings is Povell himself. It's a little strange to see the normally kind-hearted star of Tin Man and the Great Ziegfeld playing a figure that is so strict and without a sense of humor, such as Ninotchka's man, but he works fine, revealing a dull emotional intensity beneath the hard heart. The last command could easily break down several feathers in studio offices, as it usually happens with any disdainful commentary in the process of filming a movie, even a relatively pitiful example like this. At the very least, I believe that many studio heads would be dissatisfied with the "behind the scenes" view, because it jeopardized the mystique of filmmaking, which is still very alive at the moment. It turns out that such an influence is the image Jannings won as the first Academy Award for the Best Actor, as well as the nomination for the best writing of the Liaison Bureau and (according to some sources, although the question is a little unclear). nomination for the best picture. This is significant, since the Academy at the moment was a small institution, and the first prizes were more than ever the enthusiasm of the Hollywood elite. But, elite or not, they recognized good material when they saw it, and they were ready to reward it.
