Thats Mi Bush is above all a fun show of Parker and Ston, I thought. It's often very funny, and quite subversive and crazy. South Park fans would definitely get something here. Another surprise is the value of production here. A lot of money has to be invested in this, and it shows. A lot of expensive details. It's not a small show. And Comedi Central is not an extremely rich channel, but they obviously invested a lot in this show. In a way, I realized that the death of this show was too expensive. It could have been cheaper and went to the will. Critics liked her, and she had her little fan base, but she was not able to attract a big audience. As we know, the show ended after eight episodes, almost 1 season. As I really liked the show has its own mistakes. The emission issue is something that does not know what it wants to be. As if trying to be a sitcom and a parody of comedy at the same time. Actors do a good job, and some of them are well drained, but in my opinion they do not always get 100% bizarre humor that they should present. I personally think that the show needed some characters that were more on earth to do shoving. In South Park, you have Chile and Stan, somehow a real touch in the worse universe. I think that's what South Park does for it. You need some sensible characters that you can rely on in a realistic way, which makes crazy things much more interesting because it forces you to take them seriously to some level. If everything is archetypal and stereotypical, it's hard to get emotionally involved in the show, which is really the biggest problem. Kyle and Stan are characters in South Park who have a sense of insanity in the show. There is nothing like this here, and this performance suffers from it. The second is Parker and Stones, who flirt with the Republicans. The only thing about them is that I do not get what they are trying to do. Without representing Bush as nothing but a stupid Homer Simpsons, the character's character is somewhat subversive in a world where many people who can not stand him and think he is the worst president from Nikson, and the parallel comedy world of Letterman so that it only satirizes every move he makes. .. but it's hard to understand whether Parker and Kamen actually mean something. It's like a joke on us, but somehow it does not hit. It looks awkward because it does not even remind you of the real Bush. Besides, I thought the performance was very pleasant. Some jokes are hilarious here. The life supporter who survived the aborted fetus is probably one of my favorite jokes of them in any show. And the show is packed with great material, and sometimes it's crazy funny if you use your head a bit while you're watching.
