Zatoichi Outlaw was the first film of his own production house of his hero (Shintaro Katsu), which is perhaps why this is somewhat smaller entry into the series, although not at all weak. He talks about our hero who comes across two towns, rival bosses and a mysterious rhino that helps the poor, and from this set he spins a story that unites tragedy, violence and little interest, all of which serve to raise the unreasonable but inspired fencing that is one of the trademarks of the series. It is a fairly predictable plot that can not be surprised, but it is connected with style and an interesting thing. For example, a useful ronin is a noble, undeniable, revolutionary character, disturbing the established order without being painted as a truly sympathetic or heroic figure. Zatoichi himself makes one or two mistakes and causes damage to his actions, while the ruling system encourages the exploitation of the poor. It's a sharp world, with one or two more visceral than the expected moments in the fight, although things are not as exciting as they could be. Shintaro Katsu turns into a typical braveric performance like Zatoichi, blending wisdom, deadly skill and secularity with a subtle sad feeling of vulnerability, while solid work comes from Rentaro Mikuni and Effective Ko Nishimura (later emerging as Katsu's superior Snake) Magobei to Hanzo trilogy) as the two main bosses in the film. There is also a good emotional upheaval from Iuko Hamade as a criminal. The film loses through a climactic pace and not so well-designed sequence of events, there is at least one slightly disturbing leap in time and the strength of the plot becomes somewhat lost, which means that when things warm up to the end of the movie, no matter how exciting, the emotional impact is also lost . The action or scenes of Zatoichi using his brilliant skills are well managed by director Satsuo Iamamoto, although some of the gambling is less interesting and the film is built in a working way, not in a really inspired way, without vivid characters or strong personality of some other rates. Still, I have enjoyed this, it has its drawbacks and it is not one of the best in the series, but it still has a sweet enough dose of fun, a good story, and a decent dose of Zatoichi's brand that is genius and weird. It is recommended for fans of the series, and a reasonable starting point, classical things, although not true.
