This is one of Stranich's strangest films because of the very unusual pacing and the role Ichi plays in the movie. Interestingly, this is the first Zatoichi film that was filmed by Shintaro Katsu's new production house. Now, instead of playing a blind swordsman, Katsu is in charge of filming films. This could easily explain why this film differs from the previous 15 films in style. As far as Ichy's role is concerned, the film is quite different, because it is not as much in the movie as it usually is. It's easy to fool him and actually, for a while, he does a lot to hurt people instead of helping! Zatoichi Roiaburi begins when Ichi talks to an old lady trying to use her blindness. Strangely, in this scene, Ichi says he has been blind since he was a little bit, although in an earlier film he says his blindness started when he was eight years old. It's a little mistake, and only a crazy fan like me would notice. This film takes place in a period of at least six months and probably lasted for a year - so you can see what I said about the strange pacing. Most of the movies in the series take place for several days or weeks. Ichi comes to the city where the boss (Asagoro) is struggling to be nice to Ichi because he knows about the reputation of the blind man. The boss is pretty charming and surprisingly Ichi is completely preoccupied with the evil man. At the same time she meets another boss (Shushui) - a sort of guru for the poor. Shushui warns people to abandon any violence, and even Ichi falls under his teachings - giving up the blade for many months. Shushui's teaching is very similar to Daoist teachings from China - nonviolence and acceptance of life as it is (for good or for bad). For months after he left this city and thought everything was fine, Ichi learned that as soon as he left, Asagoro showed his true colors - the enslavement of women, the oppression of the poor and versatile jerk. In a way, Ichi is responsible for this because he helped Asagoro and counted on him as a friend. Now, Asagoro has captured Shushui and several innocent people have been killed because of the actions of the evil boss. When Ichi returns, he does not automatically accept that Asagoro is good or evil, but he is testing it wisely. This part with the scarecrow is inspired and leads to the final where, what else, Ichi kills the villains and releases Shushui. This finale was very good and it happened in the rain. Then the final scene with Asagoer and the walls is excellent, although cutting the head is a bit raw according to today's standards for special effects. the previous 15 (which often seems very similar). In addition, it ends very well. The minuses (next to pacing) are that some may not like to see the Ichy so wrong, and the scenes with Ichy and other blind people involved in the comic relief fall ... very, very, very straight. They are sticky and infertile ... it's kind of an apartment.
