After about 7 years of rocky road to NBC, it was decided to do just one last Super installation. The series has been on the bubble several times because they did not have numbers that would mark it as blockers of the TV clock. She always had a large, hard core of the rigid corpus of followers. Almost as if the series with the full title "HOMICIDE: LIFE ON STREET" (1993-99) was some kind of "Mr. In-Betveen" series. It was too big to simply cancel, but it was not enough for the 'raids' case to end. During an uncertain stay on Friday night, they presented some of the best and most breathtaking artistic clocks. There, I said it Art, Art! But please, remember that we are thinking of an artistic, but not only a false, pretentious, pedantic, politically correct preaching. When it was finally, it was certain that it was the end of the line for "HOMICIDE". ; this super episode was prepared as these 2 hours were filmed for a TV movie. Seeing all the events of the past season and the parade of regular characters, the production team came out and gave us what turned out to be super-fired. OUR STORY? ????? As we join the story, we find that the commander of the murder unit in Baltimore, lieutenant Al Giardello "pulled a needle", retired from work, that is. But 'G' is not ready yet to really retire. So, instead of the rocking chair, we see that Al is running for mayor "Charm Citia". While you are in the City, making some campaigns and speaking, the former Detective Lieutenant takes the bullet killer. He lives, but in a comet state, he was taken to the hospital. The news is spreading rapidly and as if officially called, we find all detectives of the Baltimore unit that we saw in a show that appears to offer their services and help. There is a big meeting of all these former and present rubber shirts as they enter and follow every advantage and ability to lead. The manufacturer has found a way to deal with those who have previously died in making their memories in the story. They managed to answer some long-standing questions and even introduced some here to unpublished ones. The whole story ends the series in the most satisfied and original way. But at least for now, we will leave it as "classified". Bringing everything into a neat, small package, this TV movie certainly gets our support. As for the evaluation of "HOMICIDE MOVIE", we must give him A or A +, even. But, regardless of the degree here, he did not achieve as high a level as a typical Sunday episode.
