Over-stroke mobile suits that can destroy the entire army - Check! Weapons that barely need to be directed and still destroy everything - Check! Mobile suits on the basis of angels - Check it out! OK - his Gundam series. This, Gundam Ving, has a good character development, complexity in the real world, interesting ideas and pretty candy. With the characters, initially poor Relena Dorlan (later Peacecraft, then back to Dorlan) is getting stronger and more independent (though still absolutely fascinated by Heero Iuiem, the main character of the series). The aforementioned Heero, initially a cold, tough bloodline, is becoming more and more human, and still remains in character. And looking at the lost Millard Peacecraft (which is Zechs Markuise) floating between the OZ, the freelance and the Witta Fang command shows how some people can really get lost in their creations. Complexity The political and military situation is also quite good - reflecting how the real world works. However, in 49 half-hour episodes, it has become little responsibility that this complexity is not used in full potential. Ideas in the core of the series - the necessity of fighting, the desire for peace, etc. - are the ones they are responding to today. In retrospect, the series was ahead of its time, which is with the "war on terror" and all that. But his research into these ideas, monologues, especially those of Treize Kushrenade, is an incredibly dramatic piece, forming some of the best texts in the series. But sometimes good writing is sometimes extremely bad. which dramatically causes it to lose something from its edge. As for sweets, what this one has in the chest, all from mobile suits to the battle ship Libra (No, not tampons) idiot!) is designed well, and explodes in large orange spheres (which is bad, because better animation would have better explosions). But who cares ?! Things explode, and that's all that matters. In short, the pure complexity of the series means that if you miss a few episodes, you missed a lot. Poor writing can leave you to bother, and sometimes animation makes you go "VTF?!?!" But this has been compensated in the classic style of animation, its scale, the spark of incredible dialogue and its mature research that is expected of such Japanese animations.
