Another alternative story of the Gundam universe (G-Gundam is the first), Gundam Ving is another different view of the Gundam verse. Famous elements are found, but Gundam Ving is actually different from his colleagues. Gundam's greatest creatures are nothing but terrorists who are fighting against a lonely organization. True, the series does not actually become a war show until episode 7, but in reality the real conflict, Eve Vars, does not happen until later episodes. The greatest positive results of this series are the characters. All the main characters are written in 49 episodes and you can truly feel the same with each role they have invested in. Another big plus is a fantastic character and a flair design series. Design puts some of the other Gundam colleagues at shame. One of the biggest critiques of this series is how many UC fans claim to leave the original UC saga. Why Gundam Ving gets this tail when the UC Clone Gundam Seed is clearer than me. The truth is, there are many moments that have been raised, but their word is in new ways, and there are different differences. Through the series, Zechs is more exaggerated in the Alliance and in the way of the OZ, while the Red Comet was a great Zeon symbol. Another big difference is the fact that Zechs loses many soldiers under his command, so the other nickname he received in the early episodes is "The slayer of his people". Char did not get this badge. The problems with this series are not the philosophy of the mumbo jumbo but two problems. The first is the re-used animated shot of the Gundams attack. It's safe to watch tanks for heavy-weapon, MS and airplanes for the first time. But on the fourth re-use of these scenes, they become old. Another problem is that the entire series should be held throughout the year. If you really think about all the events that appear in the series, much is happening in just one year. But I suppose you can easily dismiss this fact when you ignore introductory introductory lines. As ranking, this is probably the best of alternative Gundam stories and a great introduction to the Gundam world. After all, this was the first Gundam anime that was broadcast on US television.
