Gundam Ving is an amazing shov from the beginning to the end, every episode is a pleasure to watch. The story is typical Gundam's tariff, in the future, the Earth's population grows to the extent that we are creating space colonies to expand. The story, however, is set in a completely different reality than any other Gundam show. It's a year after colony 195 and the corrupt government of the Earth, known as the Alliance of the Earth's Sphere, forcibly take on free colonies. In order to combat the control of the Alliance and even greater threats (an evil militaristic organization hiding within the Alliance known as the OZ, which later takes control of the Earth and colonies), selected colonies send out 5 super powerful mechanisms to the Earth to try to save the colonies from the threat which will soon come. These bellows, known as Gundams, are fighting against the OZ and trying to restore peace in colonies as the OZ takes up the first phase, completely eliminates the Alliance and takes control of the Earth and its colonies. Gundam Ving, as I mentioned earlier, is probably the most advantageous Gundam watch series in my opinion. Much of this is the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before it, but the stories are far deeper and more complex than most other Gundam series. Gundam Ving has more depth and emotion than any other Gundam show I've ever seen. It seems that this series more focused on the character and relations between these characters than on the epic space battle. Now do not misunderstand me, this show still has many epic battles in it, and the show still maintains the epic atmosphere of the other Gundam series, but this is achieved by the story being followed by an ensemble of 6 or 7 characters as Unlike only 1. No matter how you look, this is truly one of the most memorable and interesting Gundam series out there, and I recommend every fan anime, or sci-fi in general. The show has incredible animation and superb action, but the depth and intricacy of the story is what makes you go back for more. The characters are so well drawn to the end of the show that you will love each of them. This show is definitely the one that should not be missed. Perfect 10/10!
