I'm not a big fan of most anime, but Gundam Ving is really something else. Gundam's wing lacks all this stereotyped melodrama that you can think of when you think of anime, since the number of jokes made during 17 hours is only in double digits, Gundam Ving gets everything to work. Gundam Ving has so much political thriller as a series of stocks. Large sections focus on diplomatic affairs of the war, not just on battles. Although combat animation does not have extreme details in cases where it would be only pain for animation, individual duel between gundas are almost artistic works that consider the animated use of complex mechanics and fast movements. As far as I know, these 49 episodes plus one film series were picked up by the cartoon network in 2000, and then professionally synchronized. The dubbing is simply impeccable. Not only does each word say that it coincides, but that the voices really make the characters much more convincing. Many believe it's best to watch anime with subs in English, but I just do not have the determination to do it. Not only are the voices good, but the result used in the series is quite impressive. I will only say that he searched me in vain in order to find a soundtrack. The action of this series is what really attracts spectators, and no, it will not hook you to a dramatic drama such as Lost that was made just to connect you. a deep explanation of the action would lead to many spoilers, as many characters do not even have names up to several episodes in the series. The basic idea of ​​the series is that the country and its now independent space colonies have difficulty maintaining peace. So began the war, which led to military strikes and developed diplomatic situations. I feel that more details would start to give information, which is crucial to conspiracy. Here I will end up saying that this series is great for anyone who loves anime, anyone who thinks that all the anime is stupid (they have a good reason to think so), and anyone who wants to enroll in anime with a serious tone.
