Matador is better at thinking, because at that time you look at him, he looks so easy. Humor is always medium, never ungrateful, but it never breaks. The story is a very simple thread. Characteristics of the plot are often recycled properties, namely the unscrupulous bad guy who needs a friend, and the flat lace good boy who needs to have safety in life is united and learning from each other and in some way complement the lifestyle. I also think that bullfighting is parallel to the story unnecessary, because it is simply a cruel thing and symbolism is hardly powerful enough to bear. However, this is a really good movie, because although it looked so thin at the time and does not affect it, it's not. It has a subtle way of connecting with the audience. I believe that the reason is slow, but surely gives the audience something they can take with them, because although it is a formula that is nothing new, even the most humor, and the main characters, practically the only characters in it , are somehow happy and familiar. Forget that you call them real. That's not what I think. What I'm saying is that although Pierce Brosnan's dirty, married, drunken, comical character, he is firmly caught by the writer and definitely Brosnan, who aggressively communicates how much he enjoys in his breath of fresh James Bondless air. The character of Greg Kinnear looks exactly the same in his hidden script, but he gave some very unexpected footnotes that for a moment due to the light of the film passed by us, and then they hit us just a moment later. Then we realize that the film is not easy to analyze this, or the airplanes, trains, and cars have repeatedly spoken again. The truth is, he says something. The peak of the film is such that it wants to partially be a thriller with reversals. But, given his lightness, how can this be the focus of the film, although the plot led to him? No, the focus is what Brosnan and Kinnear come out of their incredible relationship with each other. Strange, Matador is a film about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and regret daily, and even though we do not understand why Kinnear is so mild and accepting that Brosnan is continually interrupting his life, he slowly realizes that Brosnan rescues Kinnear from his own version of his feelings as a means of redemption. The last scene of the film stays with me. It's, I mean, a place where the subtle influence of the film aside eventually leaks.
