Since the title in English and IMDb lists the primary language of this show as English, I will focus on the English version of Gundam Ving (2000), as shown in the released DVD set. My current review for the whole series is under the IMDb entry "Shin Kido Shadow Gundam V" (1995). Very little has changed in relation to the plot, script and the characterization of its adaptation to English and Really it depends on your taste to choose the language in which you will watch this show. The Purists can stick to the Japanese they want, but for a "more realistic" experience I recommend the English path because all the characters, except Heero Iui, are not Japanese (most of them are actually a white man with few -Apanish Asian.) One thing, the personality of the characters encountered more "d "but in the Japanese version, the contrast between the characters is stronger due to some - or - take on performances but a very good acting group of actors. Pilot Ving Gundama Heero Iui is a highly trained soldier who suppresses his emotions, but slowly learns the value of his humanity. Delivery can be criticized as "bad behavior," but very well suits Heer's personality. The death of Gundam Duo Makvell, always cheerful in the face of death, gets an accelerated course in nurturing the value of life and friends. He is probably the best actor in the whole show, master starring Scott McNeil. Perhaps it sounds too old for his age, but Duo's English voice is easily classified by his irritating nasal Japanese voice. The Trova, Pilot of Heaviarms, is a lost lonely soul that until now had the sole purpose of fighting; despite his inner desire to establish relationships with people around him, he only knows how to kill, not to be friends. Kirby Morrow gives a gloomy but realistic performance like Trova Barton. The winner of Quatre Rebarba was released by Bravo Svaile, who has no problem with exhausting the nature of character and breaking his innocence while experiencing horror. war and death of the first hand. The big plus is that Kuatre no longer sounds like a girl (and pronounced by a female actress in the Japanese version), but a bona fide typical 15-year-old guy. Impulse but determined Vufei Chang, which Ted Cole expressed, may look a little overwhelming, but he plays a sharp contrast with the more dull roles of Heero and Trove. Relina Darlian sounds older in English, by Lisa Ann Bailei. This may not be good with her youthful personification in the early series, but as her character matures later in the story, her voice follows the suit and ends very well with the character's development. Zechs Merkuise would be one of the drastically changed voices compared to the Japanese version. Both voices show different sides of the same character. His Japanese voice is an ooh, authoritative and commands respect, adhering to his high status and charismatic nature. His English voice Brian Drummond is more muffled, sounds more cunning and "more like a snake," highlighting Zech's secret nature in terms of his hidden goals and firm belief in his ideals. OZ members are miked bag realli. Treize Kushrenada, uttered by David Kaie, gets more realistic and more effective performance compared to his Japanese style of speech that is larger than life. However, Ladi Une does not convey his split personality as contrasting as in the Japanese version, and Lucrencia Noin only sounds ......... most of the time. Pilots for cannon fodder and military leaders have nothing to say. I would be grateful if you took time to give different characters different accents to reflect their ethnicity. Maganac Corp's voices were largely uninspired, but could have been more interesting if accent was given to them in the Middle East. Members of the Romerfeller Foundation also sounded better with some shabby European accent reflecting their status as nobility. Despite the unpleasant acting side-by-side, the main actors manage to maintain the performance and it results in overall less over-the-top and more realistic presentation of the Gundam Ving script. Very faithful to the original Japanese letter, keeping all the basic ideas and themes of politics, war and human nature. Unfortunately, it also retains the defects of the original Japanese letter.
