Mobile Suit Gundam Ving is the fourth series of the Gundam Chronicle. Unlike the previous items that focused on mass wars, this is a little different; Instead of having an army against the army, this leads five teenagers (due to their ability to fit into adults) and their machines are called "Gundams" because of the metal alloy used in their construction. . What causes the problem, since gundams need to be destroyed, replaced "Mobile Suits", which are piloted by less destructive arms and weapon platforms that run on A.I. and used as infantry. The whole point of the series is the metaphysical question that gives Gundam Ving the edge over the greater part of Anime that seems to be here. Especially because most of the anime is adapted to popular magazines, such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuIasha, all of Shonen Jump, which is now available in America. Mobile Suit Gundam Ving sets, except in most anime, in the fact that Gundam, instead of exaggerated battles between mortals who resemble gods more, is very humanistic and seems to enjoy the fact that it is dramatic instead of melodramatic and that events take place in the Gracefulli series. Normally in the anime there are more than a few series that think that the best way to make a "small" battle is that it takes half an hour - something that would never happen in real life. Gundam outperformed this by ensuring that everyone knows that the characters will die, the machines will be destroyed and restored, the battles will be lost and won, and never seem to make the actions themselves satirical. But the spell of Gundam Ving is in the details and what this series has to make more anime is grateful for it. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magic or overwhelmed martial arts, Gundam Ving is a hard science fiction from a country that hates a stubborn science fiction. (NOTE: The author wants to conclude that the Neon Genesis Evangelion is not a hard-line authentic science fiction because of the religious theme that is at the heart of its series) they like Star Vars, but they hate A.I. (Movie). That's why Gundam Ving and Gundam SeeD are now both producing both Japanese and American releases at the same time with two voice teams. The American audience must only wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to capture a synchronized or subtitled version or even mounted SeeD episodes that are broadcast on Cartoon Network. The emotion is that these two sides that lead the war are technically backward. Heroes are those who defended the rights of the richer and aristocratic citizens of the Earth from the band of terrorists who advocated victory for any and all costs that comprise the protagonists of Mobile Suit Gundam Ving. This is not war, this is a "total war". Every person, every building, every street is a target of attack, both on and off the ground. My only complaint, and the reason it did not get a score of ten, is that it's about three - a quarter of a way through, it just goes a bit out of a few episodes, and no one seems to be changing. Something like the current flashback, which is fine because of what it reveals about the characters, but at the same time pulls what should be beer between the project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and overplaied-on-Cartoon-Netvork (2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Ving: Endless Valtz film more than compensate for the slack.
