The team of archaeologists reveals the real treasure? Crown of Queen Sheebe. From Egypt, the crown should be transferred over the steamer to San Francisco. But it will not be an easy journey. There are many potential thieves who would like to grab the priceless gems contained in the crown. Fortunately for all involved, Mr. Moto is ready to keep the crown on his way. However, this does not mean that somebody will not try to grasp the treasures. After the disappointment of Mr. Moto Gamble, I went to g. , but, of course, fearing the worst. But in the first 10 seconds of the film, I knew that I would be more comfortable. I am a mastermind in the style of the 1930s, which has anything to do with archaeological excavations in Egypt. Seeing that Moto is disguised as a German archaeologist (Imagine that Peter Lorre acted German?), The initial scenes really attracted me. Dark, evil characters lurking in the rainy night; shots from open windows that barely miss the head of the hero; sophisticated and presumed secure alarm systems that just beg someone to test them; and masters of criminals who are believed to be dead? These are the elements that are found in many of the good mysteries of the 1930's that I love. And Mr. Moto takes a break. A few other bonuses for me included always pleasing Lionel Atvill in a nice little role, a comic relief from G.P. Huntley is actually funny, and a return to form for Mr. Moto. I already mentioned his mask in the movie introductory scenes, but athletic Moto is coming close to the final of the film. The moto is like a whirlwind dervish of activities while going for their prey. All this and I did not even mention the wonderful performance Lorre turned. In any case, Mr. Moto takes vacation is a winner. As much as I hate what Mr. Moto's series has to end up after this rate, it's understandable when you think about it. The Second World War was around the corner. And after Perl Harbour, a film with a Japanese hero would not have gone well. At least the series Mr. The moto ended on a very positive note.
