Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit man. Or "a mortality mediator", how he wants to be called. He is a drunkard, a feminist, and in the midst of a crisis of middle life. At work in Mexico City, he encountered Greg Kinnear, an unreliable businessman who thinks he has just hit a recent field but is not sure. They meet at the hotel bar late in the evening, after both of them had too many margarita. Sounds like a setup for a comedic thriller by numbers, right? But it's not. Instead, Matador is a funny and sometimes touchy character study. Avoid every craft that would suggest the above summary, sometimes even setting just to tear them joyfully. It's a movie that respects his characters enough to just let them continue with it, without the need to push them into unnecessary plans. but it's unjust for both performances. Bond is a semi-formed idea, a product of everything that has passed; while Julian is a completely shaped character with his own motives and drawbacks. He existed in his dark world for so long that he forgot how to talk to another human being. When he meets Daniel at the hotel bar, he sees his contrast: a normal type with normal work and normal problems. He envied Danny; The hit man became obsessed with his life, sees himself getting more and more closer to his inevitable "burning," as he says. But when Danae opens about the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty scarf. He is a man who, in his words, "runs from any emotions". Kinnear keeps his opposition to Brosnan's performance and puts Danny Witte on with his charm without any effort. He is the perfect foil for Julian; While this other drunken courage and hedonism, Danni is on the ground, with only a hint of eccentricity. But he goes even deeper than his established personality, showing us how much each man will leave when he faces financial and family failure. He is most visible in three key film scenes: the hotel bar; a bullfight during which Julian tells Danny what he is doing for life, and leads him through the general assassination attempt; and the scene in which Julian appears in Danny's House six months later. This scene also introduces us well to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis) instead of panicking in the presence of a hired killer in his house, only asks with a forced calmness, "Did you bring your gun?" The script is not as good as it could be after rewriting. One or two lines look somewhat forced, and a couple of jokes require a little more work. But in scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) just say, writing is great. The movie should not put characters in any unusual situations (other than encountering a hit man, and says a hit man appears at your doorstep). It only allows them to speak, slowly pushing them to the required drawing points. There is action, but only when it is reflected on characters. One important instance is when Julian inserts a job in Budapest because he constantly sees through his rifles. The rest of the film is about characters, how they interact, how they affect one another. And finally, it's about friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At one point, Julian told Danny that he was his only friend. And that really means.
