It's very difficult to rate this movie. As a fun value for spectators of the 21st century, it is unsuccessful. However, for pupils of early sound films and history, it is a gem. "Shov of Shovs" was a magazine shot to compete with the successful MGM's "Hollivood Revue of 1929," which still remains intact along with its Technicolor scenes. The purpose of the all-star magazine was to show a studio with quiet stars in voice roles, and show that they can make a transition. However, Varner Bros seems to have forgotten about this and used many works and stars that they did not even have under a long-term contract such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie, and even a march band. In the meantime, their biggest talent - Al Jolson - is noticeably absent. Even with a high salary he could not be forced to join. Almost every work is excessively long and the film is played like a dozen of such short trousers that have no continuity. The final is too long, but it's really nice with all of his dance numbers. The most important in the film are two numbers from Vinnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the bathtub". , several numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrimore, Shakespeare, and Chinese fantasy "Li Po Li" with Nick Lucas and Mirna Loi. This last number is the only part of the film that survives in Technicolor, and it's really very attractive. Really, the players in these good works were long-standing Varner Bros. stars, so the director may have known how to play their strengths because he was familiar with them. This film acts as a recording of an unusual spot in film history - in 1929, which was a bridge between the two era - the silent and sound epoch, and the hysterical 20th and Great Depression. Only two years later that same film would play a completely different role, as Varner Bros would leave his silent stars and the stars they hired only to produce early musicals in favor of those stars that gave Varner Bros their recognizable urban look. and feeling - James Kagney, Joan Blondel, Edward G. Robinson and others.
