I again saw this movie as a task for my class of management. We mainly commented on different management styles and ideas about the quality (product). I hired this one in the 1980s and I remember that it was a good (but not an excellent) movie. I always liked the style and delivery of Michael Keaton. He was perfectly suitable for the film. I'm surprised to see some low ratings for this movie. I give you not an Oscar, but it has a decent comedy value. This is more about subtle comedy than about comedy farsi. I also find some of those who considered it to be an inaccurate film about cultural and business differences. I beg to differ. I again inform you that there is a lot of general and dramatized, but again this is a Hollywood movie, not a documentary. Based on what I've read about the differences between car makers on both sides of the Pacific at that time, many of the main ideas were true for the time. as part of the company as a whole. Teamwork is prominent. Maybe they made the company above everything. Where American workers have more to do with working relationships. An individual was more important than the company. I'll surely get some email via hate through that comment. Another difference is how quality has been reviewed and whose responsibility is to fix it. In many Japanese plants, defects or problems are examined and fixed at the time they are discovered. Instead of one feature in the movie, it says that it was a problem of dealers (a car dealer). manufacturers are still struggling to keep up with the Japanese. If someone is more interested in the subject of American, European and Japanese car manufacturers, I can recommend a book that studies this topic in more detail and is made in the same time period. The book is called The Machine That Changed the World by James Vomack, Daniel Jones and Daniel Roos. It's a study by the carmaker during and before the time this film covers. The pieces are too dry, but I think you'll find that he also supports a lot of the movie.
