The road, as early as the 1980s, long before NAFTA was composed and corporations began to cast their national identity, the United States and Japan were one in the throat of world production. Remember the sayings such as 'Union Da!', 'The Japanese Lead This Land' and 'Americans Are Lazy?' As Reagan's epoch collapsed and corporations approached the global market, director Ron Howard made one of several trips to the comedy genre with his hit Gung Ho in 1986, which attracted 36 million dollars in US cash registers. Although it is dated in many ways, Howard's story of facing cultures at the workplace still offers a firm truth for industrial life today. 'Gung Ho' focuses on Hunt Stevenson (Michael Keaton), a representative of the Hadleville Auto Union, a small, depressed city at the foot of Pennsylvania. Stevenson was asked to visit the Assan Motor Company in Tokyo (similar to the Toioti), which is considering an operation in the US on an empty city plant. With hundreds of people who were out of work and a city on the edge, Assan decides to move, and Stevenson is engaged as a link between company officials and workers on the assembly line. 112 minutes of Gung's Ho's is a humorous look at these two sides, while equally taking into account their strengths and weaknesses: on the one hand, an American workforce that values ​​its own traditions, but it is often caught in the madness of pride and unionism; on the other hand, Japanese workers who are extremely dedicated to their business, yet do not have personal satisfaction and sense of self-esteem. In Stevenson, we find an American working class of average intelligence with skills to talk to people through misunderstandings. With the survival of the jobs and the majority of Hadleville on the line, Stevenson proves a nice guy who does not want anything more than a real chance, although his wisdom will immerse himself in great trouble. In addition to the answers to Asana's head, we are witnessing a delicate balance between Stevenson and his union colleagues, many of whom grew up. These include Buster (George Vendt), Villie (John Turturro) and Paul (Clint Howard, Rhone Brother). The head of the Japanese actor is Gedde Watanabe, also known for 'Sikteen Candles' and' \ Volunteers. "Vatanabe plays Kazihiro, director of a factory that has lost luck and begins to feel sympathy for American life. He is constantly in the shadow of Sait (Sab Shimono), nephew of Asana's CEO who desperately wants to take his place in the order of the key. Although they have given a light touch, these characters are well aware of the transfer of the idea of ​​Japanese working culture. While Hunt Stevenson dominates the script, Michael Keaton has to give a solid performance for this movie. Gung Ho is a real success for Keaton, who also collaborated with Ron Howard in 1994, The Paper. He recorded this film during a series of easier roles that included Mr. Mom, Beetle Juice and The Dream Team before embarking on 'Batman', 'A good cop' and 'My Life'. It is also difficult to dislike the performance of Gedda Vatanabe as an unusual man, who first wears Japanese emblems of stripes before joining Stevenson to make the car plant a cohesive unit. cuts, including Vendt, Turturro, Shimono and Soh Iamamura as Asanov's executive director Sakamoto. Mimi Rogers delivers a romantic interest like Audrei, Hunt's girlfriend. Edwin Blum, Lovell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel joined together for the solid writing of Gung Hoa. Random music, which received the BMI Film Music Award, was composed by Thomas Nevman. Gung Ho songs are from wall to wall 80, including 'Don't Get Me Vrong,' Tuff Enuff 'and' Vorking Class Man '. 'The success of' Gung Ho 'actually led to a short-lived TV series on ABC. Though more impressive as a social comment twenty years ago, Ron Howard's film still has its comical value. It's available on DVD as part of Paramount Videscreen collection and has been slightly changed. Audio options are provided in English 5.1 surround, English Dolby Surround and French 'dubling', but are subtitles in English. No accessories, even a theater trailer. With the plus side, the Paramount digital transfer is pretty good, with a bit of grain after opening the loan and high quality sound. Although it would be beneficial to use several add-ons - especially as 'Gung Ho' was a success in the box office - a little complain about the film itself. *** From 4th
