Matador is a weird movie. His main character, Julian, who plays with the unusual mix of charm and imbalance of Brosnan, is not your typical hero. Julian is a murderer who is experiencing a late middle-life crisis. Having spent 22 years in the cold-blooded profession, he was now under stress and desperately lonely. And so, after an accidental meeting at the bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he caught up and started a dormant, awkward friendship. Danny, an essentially good guy, deals with some things in his life, and can be used by friends for truth. The two of them create an unexpected connection, and Danny is held to hear Julian's story, even after learning the "frustrating" truth about Julian's work. hero assassin (movies like 'Assassins' and 'Grosse Pointe Blank' come to mind). But Matador differs in several key ways. First of all, killing and murder is implied but never really displayed in any detail, which means that if you are an action movie in search of adrenaline, this movie will probably disappoint you. Second, unlike most anti-heroic films, Matador does not try to show remorse and redemption from his main character. Julian's job is simply presented as 'that's what's' a thing. This is unusual, since 99.99% of people would consider murder to be a terrible money. Nonetheless, this non-anatomical approach may be what makes the film authentic. Although we do not like to admit it, almost everything could become earthly after we did it for a long time, maybe even murder. Did Julian's victims deserve to die? Who pays for people to kill? Who knows. The film never deals with these issues. The focus is on Julian, and his demise is in real friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in the newspaper, you would have a passing thought that people like him should be torn from society like cancer, but forced to watch his life are drawn by his intense humanity. Sympathy for the devil, I suppose. Brosnan's appreciation of Julian's is well done and deeply disturbing. He did not completely divorce himself from his good looks and smooth charm, but he just added disturbing toys into the mix. Strange or rude remarks in polite conversations and sudden shifts from sweet charm to childish tours and sad desperate pleas for acceptance. This prevents you from guessing his understanding of his common sense and how it will affect those around him. It's like listening to a pianist who occasionally and unexpectedly hits the wrong note while playing, but he does. Movies that have only a second major role, Danny, are not nearly as fatter. Kinnear turns into a solid performance if unusual performance as ordinary Joe with the regular life and problems of Joe. The film actually does not have any huge shocks or M Night Shiamalana. to hit the end and that was satisfactory. She has no deep philosophical or spiritual insights, yet she felt very human. And there was no pounding of the heart or hunting on the gun, and yet I thought that the pacing was well done and that I was never bored. Perhaps the only real message here is about the human need to reach each other and create one another, and how these needs do not have moral assumptions. Even the killer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. It is a commentary on the strange, random world we live in. Good movie; worth watching.
