Sherman set up a machine for ... 1986. The United States just came out of its worst post-war recession, while Japan enjoyed an unprecedented industrial boom. The manufacturing industry was still a significant part of the American economy, and factory workers were a good example of an "average American." The word "reduction" has not yet entered the general vocabulary, but everyone knew this phenomenon. Bruce could hear on radio singing: "Foreman says these jobs are moving, boy, and they will not return to your hometown." Chrisler just saved Uncle Sam. Baffle stickers can be seen saying, "Buy Americans - a job you save can be your own." "Gung Ho" makes a better job of capturing the mood of the American industrial workforce than any other popular film made in that period. Certainly the film has its own flaws - some loose topics and mediocre acting from all but Michael Keaton and Gedda Vatanabe. But the story really talks about East and West encounters: Keaton Hunt Stevenson personifies America, boss and self-confident outside, but unsure below. Vatanabe's Kazuhiro personifies Japan, at the top of a crowd with a successful system, but is wondering if there is anything else that can be learned from their western rivals. The action of the film, which is wrong, simply provides a framework for conflict, and possibly synthesis, of their two personalities. Keaton's acting overshadowed everything else, and practically a real movie itself. I have always admired Keaton for his ability to deliver lines that feel improvised, regardless of the scenario that he follows. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a cute, kind man, a natural leader with a wise series. But he has a fatal maneuver common to many of us: he does not want anyone to disappoint. He will distract the audience with inspirational anecdotes and even lie, instead of pointing to the ugly truth. Kazuhiro is a Stevenson mirror image: shy and introspective, but also because of Japan's upbringing, reluctant to be the bearer of bad news. The scene in which Stevenson first came to Kazuhiru with employee complaints perfectly fits the Japanese approach to conflict in the workplace. Kazuhiro replies to Stevenson's complaints: "I understand what you are saying," but he will not reject his demands aloud. Stevenson interprets this wrongly as an agreement and goes, saying, "Well, we have solved that." (This is still a problem in Japanese-American business relations in the 21st century!) Finally, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: that the factory works smoothly, to meet production targets and fulfill its responsibility to workers beneath them. In the work to achieve this goal, each of them must take a page from the book of others. Kazuhiro's family is becoming increasingly "Americanized", which is an obvious example. Also keep in mind that Stevenson thinks it's strange when Kazuhiro explains that he had to publicly apologize to his workers for failing them - and yet, later in the film, Stevenson is doing exactly that. and his resolution is a bit of a ball, but hey, this is a comedy. If you can overcome the defects of the film, there is a great story about self-realization and openness.
