Many ignore the fact that this is not just a classic because of the fact that it is the first 3D game, or even the first photo. It's also one of the first stealth games, one of the only (and definitely the first) really claustrophobic games, and just a pretty well-rounded gaming experience in general. With graphics that are terribly obsolete today, the game enters you into the role of B.J. (do not even think * I'm trying to write his last name!), American P.O.V. caught in an underground bunker. You fight and search the road through the tunnels to achieve different objectives for six episodes (but, let's face it, most of them are just an excuse to surrender your weapons, surround you with the Nazis and send you to throw away one of the Nazi leaders). The graphics, as I have already mentioned, are quite obsolete and very simple. The least detailed basically is any 3D game released by a professional team of creators. However, if you can go over it (and some would say that this simplicity only contributes to the effect the game has on you), then you have one good chance. The game consists of searching for keys, health and ammunition, destroying the enemies (the above-mentioned Nazi, and the "head of the enemy" per chapter) of different gravity (which of course grows as you move on in the game), unlocking the door and looking for secret rooms . There are a number of points after each level is beaten ... passing through as you were fast (basically, if you win 'a couple of times', what is the time that the dough should go through the same level, this can be quite fun to try and win, and with how difficult levels are to find your way, they are even challenging after many plai-throughs), how much Nazi gold you have (collected) and how many bad guys you killed. Basically, if you have 100% of any of the above, you get a bonus, helping you achieve the desired high scores. The game (mostly, but not always) allows two contrastingly different ways of playing ... secretly or shooting anything and everything you see. You can either run or walk, and a knife is also among your weapons ... running is heard as soon as you enter the same room as a guard, such as shots. Many guards are standing with their backs facing you, which means that you can go out behind them and stab them ... almost silent. In your inventory, you can get less than four weapons and two keys ... more about weapons later. Keys unlock a certain door. Most of the doors in the game are not locked ... only two types need keys, and these keys are only introduced at later levels (restart levels, reset weapons, health, points and live in each chapter). Much of the later game is being pursued in search of them. Now, as I have said, this game, like many of the periods (late 80's, in the early 90's), is based on the collection of additional lives ... personally, I think it is completely and completely useless (there was mercy released from here ... I think (?) of the next 3D shooter and more), as you can save whenever you want and "using life" resets weapons, health and ammunition, as at the beginning of a new chapter (which is really pain in the later Levels where you need * heavy artillery Now, I'll be firing on the bush more ... to go to the weapon! You start with the mentioned knife (which is silent, but effectively close) and with a gun ... nothing special, but good to preserve ammunition, unlike the next two bad boys. Your third weapon is the German SMG ... sub-machine gun. It's faster and automatically, and some Think T2 Think Predator Think about unloading massive amounts of lead into Nazi fans with such a pistol It's certainly fun as it sounds. Most bosses of the enemy use it, so be ready. I will not reveal the identity of these bosses of the enemy, however ... it is for every player to discover for himself (or her) himself. The sound is excellent ... very sharp and realistic. As you hear the tear of a machine gun fire, slamming the metal swing of the doors that are behind you or the Nazi spinning surprise or warning in German, you really feel like you are trapped in those dark and depressing systems of the bunker. It connects me nicely with the level design ... as you pass through seemingly innumerable, almost identical corridors towards the next elevator that leads you further, you are caught by a claustrophobic mood. I almost got the illness of movement several times (although it may have some connection with a little sleep, a lot of moisture and unusual heat ...) from the gameplay. Although the level of detail is not very high, what is there is great. The remains of the victims, guards and countless Nazi symbols ... the list continues. The game also has a lot worse ... because the limited graphics mechanism, John Romero and the team certainly put all the blood and womb they could play. What remains to be said ... first of all, is not surprising that there have been countless other 3D shooters. Of course, the cracking of weapons and different levels of height (stairs and the like) did not come until the next entry into the genre ... Doom ... and it was Duke Nukem 3D who introduced the feature of changing your view (going behind the left and right , adding his vertical dimensions), and the jumping did not come down to the third, later title (the first Kuake, perhaps? like the rest of the genre, owe their existence to this.) Fill Luger, open the door to enter the bunker and step into B.J. shoes ... he deserves recognition, even (or perhaps even separately?) Almost fifteen years after what first appeared. I recommended this to all fans of 3D games
