Eric Stoltz brings an extraordinary performance like Joel Garcia, a successful young novelist who is paralyzed and in a special hospital for a recent incapacitated after breaking his neck in a crash in hiking. While learning how to handle and adjust to the severity of his new limited physical condition, Joel communicates with a smooth, quick speaker, a charming female wristwoman Raymond (incredible Wesley Snipes) and rude, mournful, racist bikers Blossom (brilliant Villiam Forsithe) who feels threatened a diverse multiethnic group of fellow patients with whom he is forced to share a room. Joel also receives significant support from her loyal and romantic, but married girlfriend Anne (starring Helen Hunt). But he still has to reconcile himself with being disabled for himself. This remarkable film triumph is his laudable stubborn refusal to disinfect and not sentimentalize the weight of what these people are going through. Directors Neil Jimenez (written by an imaginary and discerning script) and Micheal Steinberg connect the story with great taste, wit and warmth, especially addressing the disarming sincerity and the fact of being handicapped irreversibly changes the lifestyle, including in particular your sex life (this point is the most powerful in the staggering sequence when Joel and Anna try and do not make love in a motel room. In addition to anticipated sharpness, the film further provides a surprising surplus of maliciously ridiculous raw, earthy humor, which is accentuated by the turbulent order when Joel and Bloss make a secret night night expedition at the strip club. The unique top-ranked acting qualifies as another significant plus: Stoltz, Snipes, Forsithe and Hunt are outstanding, with protracted moves supported by Grace Zabriskie as Blossom's lovely mother, and Elisabeth Pena and Villiam Allen Ioung as a nursing hospital. Despite the gloomy theme, the film eventually turned out to be a very mobile, positive and elevating film testament for the stunning power and durability of the human spirit. Simply a wonderful jewel of a drama.
