"Margarita and penis ..." This incredibly fun movie welcomes you from the introductory scene and never ceases to be washed, surprised and unexpectedly touched. I enjoyed watching "Matador" than any other 2005 movie. It's an unwanted movie with an unforgettable character, perfectly played by Pierce Brosnan. Julian Noble (Brosnan) is a moderator (hitman) who specializes in cutting-edge corporate performances (killing rich types). He also experiences something like a middle-aged crisis. After realizing that he had no real friends, he did not have a permanent home and no future, he went to the Mexican hotel bar at night and came across Danny Wright (Kinnear). luckily a family man who is on the verge of losing a big business deal that could just turn things around him. He loves his wife very much, especially because they lost a young son a few years earlier. Two men are chalk and cheese, they are hardly common, except that they are in the same bar. night. And in some ways, a conversation is heard that moves a chain of events that will forever change their lives. Friendship that formed me reminded me much of Laurel and Hardy. One is a real man, and the other is a persistent fool who brings them in trouble. The interface is superbly timed and fine tuned, not only because of the great performances of Brosnan and Kinnear. But do not make a mistake ... This is Brosnan's movie. It impresses one of the most striking characters of the decade. He could shoot your mother and apologize immediately, and you'll probably forgive him. Brosnan may be a top-notch charming film, but this is his most favorite performance so far. I would not be inclined to see Osama's Oscar for this role. Think about a scene in which he obviously sees a high school student with unclean thoughts and speaks a line, "Every blush ... There is no shit. He does it with Bond's famous smile and he succeeds in getting out of it." He managed to tell the boy: "Tell your mother to lose 30kg and 20 years. Then it comes out to me, "and you do not come as inconspicuous. In fact, he loves us even more. Still, the film is able to surprise us with some really touchy scenes, most of which come to the end when the film shoots However, when Julian shows his little black book to find someone who will invite him to his birthday, or when Danny and his wife (Davis) comfort one night in the bedroom, the film reaches an unexpected depth of emotion. "Matador" is elegant and energetic. It's always fun. And it contains the role of defining a career for Br Founded as a lonely killer looking for normality, friendship and a means of doing at least one good thing in your life. This is a neglected jewel in 2005 and you should try to look at this movie as soon as possible. <br /> TC Candler of IndependentCritics.com
