Enormous entertainment for both adults and children, this movie works on numerous levels: there is everything from a car crash to a cake to some very good (but subtle) adult jokes. Glenn Close is on her supreme evil best that Cruella ('Call Me Ella') De Ville. After three years in the clinic for the modification of dr. even fur from a puppy that she so intensely wanted. He even has all his fur coats located in the dungeon of the extraordinary castle in which he lives. But that would not be a Dalmatian movie with no excuses and the crux of Cruella and you know that something will change her modification of behavior. And now she needs another puppy (102 Dalmatians) to finish her notorious scheme this time. Ioan Gruffudd is immediately referred to as a film hero who leads a shelter for dogs "Second Chance". Although he was in Titanic and I did not recognize him in the last year's television version (like Pip) of 'Great Expectations'; Well, he was "Fifth Officer of Love" in "Titanic" and I did not see "Great Expectations," so I'm not terribly surprised. Gerard Depardieu makes a wonderful twist of Cruella. On prances and postures in the most unusual and unheard of furry clothes you've ever seen? and it works well. His 'Vicked Vitch from the West' homage is ridiculous. Tim McInnerney is a wonderful Cruella-and-not-so-evil henchman ?? He was also Alonzo, 'Cruella's butler,' in '101 Dalmatians', and you can recognize him from all the 'Black Adder' Brit-Coms. He plays his usual stupid, benevolent, slightly mutant character to great effect. Costumes for the costume are usually given for the entire bone in the film. This is unfortunate because Glenn Close's clothing is incredible? it's incredibly detailed (notice her cuffs when released from the Modification of Behavior Clinic) and worthy of that character. Her clothes merely deserve an Oscar nomination. Animation takes a special place in my heart? but the comparison of this film with the original animated film is like comparing apple with orangutans: this can not be done. It is enough to say that the '102 Dalmatian' is even better than the film version of '101 Dalmatians', which came out in 1996. It's a good movie for the whole family.
