My Taking: It uses its famous plot with fine performance and a few true moments of excitement. The plot is well known. An innocent man was given the intention of killing the president of the United States, the first traitor in the United States Secret Service. While secret agents are encouraged by him, he is trying to prove his innocence. Of course we know his innocent, and the real culprit is right around the corner, but SENTINEL still entertained me. At this time in which the thrillers are reduced to too absurd and too many action sequences, THE SENTINEL is a good licking to all good old-fashioned political criminal thrillers. The famous story is elevated by neatly exciting sequences and brilliant performances. Michael Douglas, the perfect man for this job, is Pete Garrison, a longtime agent of the secret service, who is conceived as a part of the plot. to kill the president. Former colleagues in the secret service (Kiefer Sutherland and Eva Longoria) are looking for Harrison while trying to find out who is behind the possible assassination and traitor in the Secret Service. This leads to many scene scenes that, surprisingly (and grateful), are never incredible. The scenario also offers a sub-page that includes Garrison that has an affair with the first lady (played by Kim Basinger). Fortunately, this was not unnecessary, like most sub-clips for such films. The director of the film is Clark Johnson (S.V.A.T.) who thrives to make the film good. Although many criticized him as "should have been a TV movie", I have to disagree. I agree, this is not the perfect movie, and most of it is inspired by other action thrillers and political intrigues such as IN THE LINE OF FIRE or episode from the TV series 24 (which is very similar to the style and the star of Sutherland). ), but in spite of that, this film goes to serious heights and does not leave even its minor details. The performances are great (with a superb acting performance, which will certainly be, even with a script by numbers. All in all, I assign it *** 1/2 is not perfect, but not far from it. Rating: *** 1/2 of 5.
