At first glance, this movie looks like the Keifer Sutherland series 24 for the big screen. With the focus on the conspiracy to kill the president of the United States, the race against time, and the many agents of the Secret Service, the agency in the center of attention in Sentinel. But wait, the protagonist turns to be Michael Douglas's character Pete Garrison instead, a veteran agent of secret services known for having been shot in 1981 for Reagan. SS agents are specially trained to "take a bullet", which makes them special - who is right in the mind will be placed in the line of bullets and targets? But Garrison interferes in the plot of the assassination, and he has to stand for his life, while at the same time doing his own investigation of the plot. All this was due to his failure in the polygraph test, due to his adulterous banging of the first lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. He has Clint Eastwood shades in the line of fire. Both of them contained older actors, and old veterans were heroes with few historical references, who took a bullet in their duties. While Eastwood's film has an even more mysterious villain in John Malkovich, The Sentinel suffered from the lack of a central powerful criminal, preferring to share responsibility for murder among many forgets by former KGB criminals and a mole in the Presidential Detail. With Douglas fleeing from the law, he becomes similar to Dr. Richard Kimble from a fugitive, hunting for an obedient man while at the same time relying on his own mind to outwit his fellow agents, which proved to be very interesting. to watch - despite the smooth processes, it is still reduced to the performance and laxity of individual agents. Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, the top-notch television stars of today from the 24 and the Housekeeping, are in the role of support. as secret service investigators who deal with Garrison's possible interference in the plot of the assassination, and sometimes they seem to have withdrawn from the CSI site with their forensic skills. The beautiful couple had chemistry that could resemble X's files Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, but unfortunately these two had very little work. We know the reason they are in the movie, and that's to bring their fans to theaters. Also, the role of Longorie was not able to shake off the sexy mum Gabrielle, and here she is in pretty low cut blouses (Sutherland actually talks to hide her) and tight pants (ogle-fest for fellow agents). Still, there is still a rather interesting view of the lives of possibly the most expressive and most comprehensive details of protection in the world, as well as the typical threats they face every day, including the monitoring of the threats of every individual in life, the most powerful man in the world. It's a decent uncertainty and a research thriller, with enough ground for fun. But one thing, like most of the final action sequences, has a sufficiently large hole in which you can fly through the jumbo jet.
