Charles McDougall's summary includes the screening of 'Sex and the City', 'Desperate Housewives', 'Kueer as Folk', 'Great Love', 'Office', etc. So he comes with all accreditations to make a TV movie version of Meg Volitzer novel SURRENDER, DOROTHI success. It mostly succeeds in preserving this potentially skeptical story of the sudden death of a loved one and the way in which people react to the surface in her life. Sara (Aleca Davalos) beautiful young single woman follows her best friends - gay dramaturge Adam (Tom Everett Scott), Adam's instantress Shavna (Chris Pine), and married couple Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with her little son - in a house in Hamptons for a summer vacation. The group looks happy to travel to local ice cream from Adam and Sara), resulting in a car accident that kills Sarah. In the meantime, Sara's mother, Diane Keaton, who has an active social life but intrusively invites her daughter continuously with the mutual greeting of 'Surrender, Dorothy', plays elsewhere: when she receives a phone call that Sara is dead, she immediately comes to Hampton, where her supreme personality and sadness create friction among Sarah's friends. Slowly but surely, Natalie reveals the secrets of each of them, progressing when she talks about Sara, as if she were to revive it. Natalia's thirst for truth at all costs leads to big changes in the group and only through the binding love of the deceased Sara everyone is eventually gathering. Diane Keaton is in her best roles. who walk the thread between drama and comedy and her presence keeps the story together. The scenario has its moments for good lines, but it also has a lot of stuffing that gets a little hard and dark making the actors obviously uncomfortable with the lines that are given to them. Yes, this story has been told many times - the impact of sudden death on the lives of those whose privacy has been changed by discovery - but the movie moves along with the rhythm of actors and has enough true entertainment that it's worth watching. Builds Harp
