What if I could lead G.I. from the Japanese army should return to the past 400 years in the midst of the feudal wars that led to the formation of the Tokugawa Shogunate? Great pitch right? The film does exactly what it says on the box. Fortunately, the writers did not try to explain, usually ridiculous in science-fiction films, the scientific nonsense of weather transport. Not how and why. They just do. However, the sequence of time transport itself is a trippy as hell and quite beautiful, if not a bit obsolete. Not as stupid as one might imagine. The rest of the film follows the T premise, but while she loses a little money with various underground nodes that follow the arrival of GI in medieval Japan, pick up a devastating battle. No doubt, this is the main sequence of the day. The whole concept and the film itself, probably originated from this simple phase: what if G.I. equipped with the latest modern warfare, to fight the samurai? And the boy delivers it. The main sequence of battles that lasts over half an hour is probably one of the best of its kind in the action / war films of the '70s. Not only is it irresistible and exhausting with pace and length, it is also a great style and technique that only unique rooms like G.I. Samurai can deliver. I mean, where else would you have the opportunity to present tanks, ninjas complete with shurikens, helicopters and samurai in the same frame? The G.I. the lead led by Lieutenant Ibrah literally crawls through hundreds of statists, shooting them with machine guns, mortars, shells and tanks. These mish-mash styles are one-legged firmly rooted in the vast Yiddish gepard of Kurosavin Kagemusha or Hiroshi Inagaki by Samurai banners, while others are in Western action and war films. It has stylistic touches (such as beautiful slow-motion images and bloody violence) brought by Sam Peckinpah or Enza G. Castellaria to Keoma in mind. Japanese cinema was always influenced by Western and other Hollywood works, and vice versa, and G.I. Samurai effortlessly turns this East-West-West pot into an exciting movie. Film makers of luck all take this seriously, and the film has a huge benefit from it. Not that this language-to-face mentality is completely absent, it's just that they do not try to pander to such a bad-to-good audience that enjoys laughter on their movies. The budget was probably difficult, as can be seen from hundreds of stats, elaborated costumes (very decent for production that is not traditional Yiddish gays) and special effects. Work with cameras and editing are superb, much better than a movie without the higher artistic ambitions they deserve. Of course, this is not without flaw. There are many "song" scenes, where all kinds of Japanese rock, disco and countri songs played in the 70s (there is a scene of love, a scene of love, an interesting scene "war is hell", etc.). The songs themselves are quite silly and dumb and diminish the whole thing. Although it spends about an hour for an hour, it mostly flies like a bullet. However, some scenes, flashbacks and sub-folders in the first half could be trimmed for a stronger effect. Actors also deserved to mention, with such prominent names as Sonny Chiba, Isao Natsuiagi (Goiokin, Samurai Volf), Tsunehiko Vatasa (The Iakuza Papers) and Hiroiuki Sanada, all hit the real notes.
