First of all I would say that I somehow remember that I saw this film in my early childhood, I could not read the subtitles and I thought Sonny Chiba was Sean Conneri. But I really liked the concept. If you are not able to at least partially suspend your adult skepticism and accept your inner seven-year-old, you may want to avoid this film. That's what he said, since I just watched the restored 137-minute version on DVD, I must say I enjoyed it, although not as much as I was seven years old (I remembered the ending). There are some aspects of the film that are worth the criticism, the first 15 minutes and the last 15 minutes have some really comical moments, my favorite was the contrast between the scenes that took place in the last 10 minutes and the curious choice of music ( listen to lyrics). For an action movie there is great attention to the personal stories of individual soldiers and the social dynamics of the team, because the pressure of their journey on the way takes its toll. By the end of the film, I decided it was a good thing when it was seven, although the 'guff' relationship was a bad thing. For the action movie there is also quite a satisfactory action. especially a couple of epic battles between water and hordes of warriors from the Shogun era. The filmmakers have ensured that as many fatalities as possible are bloody and, we face, witty. I thought this was a great aspect of the movie when I was a kid, and I am not ashamed to say that I still do it. I also like the fact that modern soldiers at all do not spend a movie walking on egg shells trying to avoid changing the continuum of the weather space, have machine guns with heavy caliber, mortars, rocket launchers, tank and helicopter. That's what I would like every powerful IMDb user to do in their boots. In short, movies that are worth watching, the viewer regrets that there are no more films made with similar premises, and at the same time offers some tough indication of why a film such as GI Samurai is so unique.
