What is the best way to start a movie review like Der Todesking? Let me start by saying that I have just come directly from watching this movie, and the pictures are still deeply engraved in my brain - and I do not think it will soon be moving. It's probably fair to say that if you are on this page you have a good idea of ​​what a movie is, even if you have not seen it. If not, allow me to warn you that this is not a jewel with a moderate budget that has been lost for several years and a "Near Dark", nor is it a low budget, a shocking, "fun" B-movie. What is low-budget art, she put forward in a simple, but harsh way. The idea is simple - seven stories that run around, and end with suicides by the shattered images of broken corpse. Sounds simple, even boring? It's not. The words actually can not describe how this movie becomes powerful until the moment you are halfway; Practically attracts you to whether you want to go or not. I could find out here about technical advantages and disadvantages; maybe I stress that the scenes are obviously recorded on super-8 cameras and that they are sometimes unstable. I could point out that some of the sound effects are out of sync in a way that opposes every Fully movie, but in the end, all this seems to be insignificant. For now while extreme films are going, I've seen the hardest of them, yet Der Todesking started me in a way that few others managed, despite not being particularly bloody and having very few scenes that I would considered "free". In fact, the most exciting scene I found was the last story. I will not ruin it, just to say that the emotional agony of the characters drops from the screen and sympathizes with you, if you do not crave for its end. Of course, this is not the best movie ever made, and in many places it seems rude and maybe a little amateur, but despite these drawbacks Der Todesking is an experience I would recommend to anyone who likes challenging cinema. If you are someone who loves watching movies or "nice" movies, or just wants to make a profit for something brutal and meaningless, that's not what you're looking for. Whether you are enjoying it or not, you will not forget it in a hurry.
