I read a little advertisement in a horor magazine in the early nineties about Liebe des Totes (love of the dead) or something like that. This, of course, awakened my curiosity so I ordered Nekromantik 1 and 2 and Der Todesking (King of Death). Nekromantik movies are OK, even interesting and unique in their approach to the subject Nekrofilija (even if they are obviously a horror opera, and not the intention to cause fear in the minds of viewers, they are actually quite fun.)> TODESKING , on the other hand, in my opinion, one of the best films ever recorded. It consists of a series of scenes that show many aspects of death. Death as an enemy; Death as a liberator, Death as a very physical decomposition of the body. The film is a metaphor of life. It shows how fragile life is and how short our lives are. It reduces its viewers to the child we are actually. The fact that we really can not understand the nature of Death, and therefore the process of dying, is the essential message of the film. This is the most realistic movie. Never Buttgereit is trying to hide death behind white roses or anything else. No matter what moral standards you set, death is inevitable, and sooner or later there will be no fiction but your reality. This applies to you, dear readers, as it relates to movie viewers. Some juvenile reviewers do not understand this, which is completely justified, because they will, of course, live forever ... This is not a film about exploitation. Why? Because death does not exploit people. She's picking us up. We grow up for seven days, and then we return to the Schopenhauer state before birth, or Death. Buttgereit gives us his version of the oldest story. Whether you decide to consider it "optimistic" or "pessimistic" depends on you. At first glance it can look very dark. Consider, however, that something is to live, something else must die. "Who wants to live forever?" I believe that when Buttgereit displays the body, consuming worms, it shows not only degradation, but also the GENERATION of a new life. Is not it better to die and give life to worms, then to birds and eventually become earth, than to live a living dead zombie which is one of the favorite genres of the genre? When you realize this, you see Der Todesking to your true context. Sieben Tage Hat Voche, siebenmal letzte Stunden. Seven are on the week (weak, deadly!), Seven times in the last hour. Do not be afraid of reapers, Buttgereit tells us, because the reaper takes only what is ripe. And apples that are not digested for food are rubbing! Have a good life, colleagues IMDB'eri! (And watch this movie, which can be compared only with Ingemar Bergmans) The seventh stamp "in terms of depth and universality"
