The author of "Nekromantik", another feature film by George Buttgereit, "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. Turning around a chain letter originating from a group titled "The Brotherhood of the 7th Day", the film features seven episodes, each of which consist of one day during a week, where suicide is accessed by various characters and situations as long as the letter is written in the rounds . Do not touch this if you love Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy happy or even "normal" movies or expect a movie to be good only if it's focused on the acting. The nihilistic, avant-garde approach Der Todesking explains well why Buttgereit's films are not banned at all in Germany, their home country, during the 80's and most of the 90's. Der Todesking is not really focused on the characters that appear on the screen, but the absurd apathy or depression of the lives of most people consists mainly of it. Buttgereit does not find reasons for continuing life, just the reason to stop, and to choose how and when you die, you can be the king of death, Der Todesking. Buttgereit movies are generally hard to categorize and Der Todesking is no exception. With the same team and almost the same acting as all his other films, "art film" would certainly be the closest description each time. Der Todesking has an original method for recording, creating moods and handling a central object in almost every scene. During one scene, the camera slowly, is constantly washed in 360 degrees, while the person lives in a small one-bedroom apartment for one day. During the second, Buttgereit uses sound and film corruption to show the collapse of the mental state of a man while he remains in his despair. During the third, seemingly pleasant scene, the screen shows the names, years and occupations of real people who committed suicide, which allegedly guarantees the ban in this film in Germany. Episode episodes (and especially this one, as the scenes are only vaguely connected, mostly suffer from discordance, and Der Todesking is no exception. While all episodes have the same focus of death and its consequences or consequences in all its variations, there are very powerful episodes, but episodes or even two may even look like a filling material, partially exhausting the overall power of the film - yet, the infinitely strong interferences displayed by the decomposing body manage to hold the film together and clean it from the vague moments Atrag to the status of the size. The general atmosphere is confusing, amazing, very depressing, and sometimes even disgusting - so much that dozens of people remained in the middle of a movie during a theater performance at the film festival I participated in. <br /> <br> This is one a film that leaves a lasting impression and I recommend it to everyone who seeks a special experience and something that will surely be remembered in the years to come. It is not recommended for fans of a bad heart or time of display, this is a small, different movie that truly raises the feelings in the audience. Regardless of whether this confusion, surprise or even hatred, it is unlikely to be cold because of this, in my opinion, the best, achievements of this small indie crew. The main theme of the film, "The Die Fahrt Ins Reich der Menschentrummer Part I-III" was released in a limited 666-inch 8 "vinyl edition, which is now much sought after. You can still get a classic masterpiece By getting the "Nekromantik" soundtrack CD, which I'm a Lo-Fi Synths Movie Music Music movie is dark and unusual, almost unusual, makes up an essential part of the film's atmosphere and something you would very, very rarely hear in some other way.
