"As the first touch of pleasure and guilt, as a spontaneous youthful flirting of obscenity and fear, as the climax of opposing emotions," one of the film's fans said after watching LOVE TO TOP, the misinterpreted title version of modern director Michel Deville. MOUTON ENRAGE. Vincent Canby at the New York Times, however, immediately after the premiere of the 1974 film, said: "LOVE TO TOP, which was opened yesterday at 68th Street, Plaihouse, is a French comedy from 1973, which vaguely recalls the number of nineteen-fifty English comedies about the rise and rise of cynical youngsters who possess and possess ambition.However, the significant difference he mentioned was the fact that LOVE TO TOP does not deal with the English language system ... (January 27, 1975) < After the estimates left to individuals, of course, the test of time is What he can say with certainty after more than 30 years is that we can hardly find such films as LE MOUTON ENRAGE where decadence seems to be innocent, where ties appear youthfully enthusiastic, where feelings occur so manipulatively . For fans of Romney Schneider, it seems useless to point out that this film must be seen not only because it gives a unique performance (as it did in all its roles) at the height of its success . career (9 years before her sudden death), but because she is particularly attractive here. It's not TRIO INFERNAL, so to say, 'forced escape' and ridicule of the Romy's sweet picture that she encounters for years with Sacha's sacrificing her biggest discouraging manifestation, but a film in which a brilliant actress is given a fair share. She plays Roberto, a woman who becomes the object of lust for the main story, cried by Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). He is the one who takes financial profits from lusty relationships. This movie boasts truly unforgettable and unique recordings of Romija and gets some of the best scenes. Roma sex movie here is unforgettable. Another powerful point of the film is its performance by developing individual perception. As it seems immoral, the director perfectly uses contrast: convention vs. pleasure, innocence against decadence, the right of lust against instrumental affair. Nikola possesses most of the characteristics that viewers can love or despise, and they can be attractive or disgusting; however, its characteristics are that the viewers must seriously treat, more to say, they are the ones that we all have to accept. That is why one led to the peculiar, gently wild, erotic unique world of the protagonist. Although she is sleeping with many women, there are two women who represent certain opposing worlds for Nicole: Robert Groth (Romi Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, loves them, he can not refrain from the craving for his bodies and the desire for money; however, he notices them differently. Nevertheless, despite the "adult maturity" theme, he is emotionally like a little boy playing with a toy on a table - some sort of 'detailed insight into the male mind ...' in a way of comedy, Of course. Finally, there are also very good performances, which makes LE MOUTON ENRAGE a little underestimated. Not only does the mentioned Roma Schneider brilliantly perform a job with viewers with an extraordinary insight into her role, but young Jane Birkin seems convincing in the role of young, inexperienced streetwalker Marie Paul, Jean Louis Trintignant allows Nicola to be seen in the right way. This artistic merit lying in performance goes with incredible music Camille Saint-Saens, a melody that will ring you for a long time. Therefore, in addition to some of the disadvantages of film, such as dated colors, slow acting (sometimes), possible clichés (as noted by some viewers), merit should be significant. All in all, LE MOUTON ENRAGE is a clear manifestation of the opposite manipulative tools in life. It is worth seeing as a moment in Romy's career, an introduction to strong eroticism, a chain of opposite emotions, love and hatred, respect and disdain in relation to the first orgasm and the first angazam ... But were not we, people, 'viewers', film lovers built on such contrasts?
