I can not say too much about California, but unfortunately I have not yet seen the whole thing (I managed to see it only in parts of Fuse). But what I've seen is absolutely great! I am Brad Pitt's admirer, but I admit that not all his old films are good. But this role, I just, his acting is great, his character, Earlley, looks so normal, and good is fine, creepy, darkly weird, but you know normal for a peasant of that type, I suppose. And the performance by Juliette Levis, although I can see how some can be angry about it, I think it's amazing. Unfortunately, I have not seen an end yet, but reading other reviews here sounds good, but disappointing. I must admit that David Duchovan (I'm sorry if the spelling is incorrect) is a bit flat, but it was okay for him. The image of his wife was better, and I thought her performance, although not the best in the movie, was pretty good, a portrait of the avant-garde / older sister type. Especially the scene where Early and Brian are going to play pool, and Adele and Carrie have one way together. I watched that scene at least twice, and I still think the acting in it is just wonderful. One is because of the emotions that Adele describes after she spoke of the three raping them and how she feels about Rana and Kerry's reaction to it. I think all about it is perfect. I mean, maybe that's because I can connect a bit, I'm not sure. As for Brad Pitt who plays the serial killer, which we actually see once; I thought it was great. Some Pitt movies I've seen are only average or not worth the attention. I do not think I've ever seen a horrible Pitt movie or if I do not have it because of his acting, these are other factors. This film was not one of them. He got a great performance in California. I swear I'm not just a random one and I love him for acting not only because he looks good, I think his character in this movie is not very handsome or cute in any way! Pitt is sometimes dark, thoughtful, and scary. Still, he is also cheerful, funny, nice and even loves Adele. It is allowed that there are some places that have forced me to come to the TV and strangle him, but that's probably just me (and the character Pitt played in the movie.) But it also shows how much Pitt's acting was in this movie, which is why I forgot He played a character, that's what he needs to do good acting. Anyway, I wish I could say more, but that's all I can really say, and if I did not see the end, I saw most of the movie through what I caught in Fuse and as I'm writing this . I record it to the DVR and I hope that I will be able to write a fuller review later on. I just wanted to share my thoughts about a movie that I thought was something really cool and something that looked overlooked (not needed!)
