I saw this film many years ago and left a lasting impression on me. Unfortunately, I've hardened many movies over the years and I did not expect California to impress me after I recently watched. I'm glad to say that this is just as disturbing and viewed as it was a decade ago. There are two things that really give this film a power. The first is her acting. We have an incredibly disturbing turn of young Brad Pitt like Rane Grace. Knowing Pita, like all of us, as one of the most distressing hearts Hollywood has ever had, it is refreshing to see him playing such a lousy, unattractive character. Pitt pulls out the show without the use of white trash clichés or parody, and manages to remain truly scary throughout the film. an old girl with forty years of experience. Levis is able to cause pity (for the station of her character in life) and contempt (for his naivety), but she supports her performance with the kind of subtlety rarely seen by an actor so young. Personally, I think it is a tragedy that neither Pitt nor Levis were nominated for any awards for their performances here. David Duchovoni and Michelle Forbes are perfectly customary as a juppy couple who unconsciously ends the journey through the US with Pitt and Levis. Duchovny is appropriately geek and naive, and Forbes seems to be cynical and close, but both actors are able to convincingly display their characters' changes as they are equally intrigued, repulsed and weirdly attracted by Pitt. Fine casting and evenly brilliant acting aside, this film really takes us to the balls of the ball through its flawless pacing. At the time of the release of "California," Hollivood released a number of beautiful character characters ("Single Vhite Female", "Pacific Heights", "The Hand That Rocks The Cradle", "Defamed", "Sleeping with the Enemy" etc.). Most of these films followed the same formula, the only variant is the nature of the relationship between a good and a bad guy. "California" does not wander too far from this territory, but its first two acts are the perfect example of a slowing triloger, and we stick to the very edge of our seats waiting for the tide to turn. /> When the penny falls, and Pitt is released to play a maniac bad guy, the movie completely changes the speed and the last twenty minutes do not match with the rest of the movie. However, the action is dense and fast, and the resolution is appropriate cold. The fight is over, but the scars will always be there. Much of the narration (which gives a bit of a boost to the X-Files Duchovons) is a little fictitious. Of course, this was supposed to be from a book written by Duchovon's journalistic character, so it can be argued that a self-conscious narration is intended to be nodding to the type of sensationalized style in which most journalists write. The film is largely successful and certainly over 90% of the trillers over the past twenty years. It is highly recommended, but not for weak stomach or mind. This film disturbs more than one level. But then, it was supposed to be.
