I first saw California (10 years ago) and still remember that I was very impressed. That's why I wanted to see him again and all I can say is that he still has not lost his power, although I'm used to much more when it comes to movies than I was ten years ago. > 'California' tells story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of roaming the plain and heading for the state in which they say they never fall, they choose to travel by car. She wants to write a book about the most famous American serial killers and she will make the appropriate images. But because their car uses a huge amount of gasoline, they decide to take another couple with them, so they can spread the cost of the road. Only one pair responded to the ad, so they will automatically be lucky. But they had not yet met and when they first saw the other couple, when their journey had already begun, Carrie was shocked. Not wanting to have prejudice, she can only conclude that Early Graice and Adele Corners are a bad white waste park. She definitely does not want them in her car, but Brian does not mind taking them with them and deciding to stop and pick them up. At first it seems that the couple does not look so bad, but gradually the Early Graice turns from an inconspicuous hill to a merciless killer ... Not only is the story very impressive, it is also acting from our four tracks. Brad Pitt is incredible as Earli Graice. His performance in this movie can be his best ever. The same for Juliette Levis. She played a childish and naive girl who does not want to hear a bad word about her, and she does it very well. However, David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise. Both of them have done a very good job and I'm really wondering why we never heard anything from Forbes from this movie, because it really shows that it has a lot of talent. All in all, this is very good and impressive. a psychological thriller with a very powerful story, but because of graphic violence, I can imagine that it may not be in every taste (although I do not see a different way to show the serial killer in a convincing way). Personally, this film really liked me and violence did not bother me (it's part of a story that's too important to be omitted). I award this film with 8/10.
