In the same spirit as Natural Born Killers, another movie that was not so popular with critics due to excessive violence, but also that I loved, California is a film that clearly glamours violence, but I like to think it happens in the final act. Somehow, as at the beginning, The Basketball Diaries glamor the drugs, but it shows the bad side to the end of the film, which is far worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic iuppie with an artistic iuppie girl, who is in this violent sexy black and white photo that is mostly reserved, I do not know where, the place where the nudity goes for art. Maybe I really do not understand. In any case, Brian and Carrie (Duchovna and Michelle Forbes, who flawlessly respond to this role) make the perfect couple for a documentary tour in known places of homicide. Brian, the writer, will write the book, Carrie can take photos. Being Artistic Types, Brian and Carrie are not completely financially prepared for such a trip, so they announced someone to share gas and travel costs, and contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Levis) . He is early on parole and is assigned to work at home at a local university by his conditional release officer, sees ad on board, and decides to leave the state for some time, violating his conditional release, but also leaving the place of his landlord's murder, so they will not have to deal with a boring murder investigation. Two birds with one stone, you know. The film has an unusual ability to display two stereotypes, artistic carpets and oily garbage for a trailer, without resorting to clichés or even ending with any kind of caricatures. . Brian and Carrie are artistic liberals, but while Carrie captures Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated by his early status as a fugitive, as can be seen on the scene where Brian shoots at the Earli's pistol. He never shot a gun before, he was fascinated as a little child. As Adele and Carrie returned to the hotel and Adele discovers such things on her childish journey as the fact that she had "broken her" from smoking early and was not allowed to drink (Rana does not think women should), Early and Brian at the local bar. Brian reacts angrily to a drunk who tries to start a fight with him, and Rani first gives advice to Brian about what to do, and then he comes in and prepares a quick lesson for a guy. "Hit him, Bri, he's coming." This is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it's so funny that it's early to say, when the boys drag it, bloody and traumatized, but also because we go back to the hotel with girls, so we learn. much at the same time about two pairs, their differences and conflicts that are likely to arise because of them. Additionally, since Bryan had benefited from early action and Kerry was horrified by what she heard from Adele, this also illustrates a different way in which Carrie and Bryan react to Rane and Adele. Clearly, up to now, you can say that this is not your typical thriller for an unusual couple, in which the folk nation finds themselves in the rural population and all kinds of stereotyped disorder arises. On the one hand, it seems that it is too convenient for Brian and Carrie to go on a tour of murder sites and that they are just accompanied by a killer in real life, but on the other hand it is a great way to oppose the glorification of murders inherent in traveling overseas, designed to bring glory to murderers and their crimes. While studying the killer's actions in the past, Bryan and Carrie eventually find themselves in the face with the material they are studying, and realize that the murder is not so beautiful or morbidly fascinating when it is in your face as is the case with unconnected murder studies. It's gone. I am constantly amazed by the versatility of Brad Pitt as an actor. Consider, for example, his roles in movies such as California, the 12th Monkey, the Battle Club, and the Ocean 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks in that he can change his appearance drastically or sufficiently enough to adapt to a given character, and completely is convincing. By the way, in vain I tried to be Early Grace for Halloween this year, but I just could not get my hair and chin. I even got a hat cap, which I thought would be the hardest part. It's easy to understand why many people did not like California or why they think it glorifies violence and murder, but I think what glorifies it is done with the intention of explaining the audience's understanding of its topic. A film that did not glorify violence, at least initially, could never be as effective as California, but the film perfectly structured it. All glorification is embodied in Brian's and Carri's fascination with the idea of ​​murder and the aura of the places in which it is happening, but their realization, and ours, are embodied in the real thing they meet with Earl and Adele. The very purpose of the film is to describe the difference between the idealization of violence and the perception of horror in its vicinity and reality.
