It's a movie on the road, with a killer on board. Brian Kessler (David Duchovni), a sophisticated, urban writer, wants to conduct field research on American serial killers. But neither he nor his girlfriend, Keri (Michel Forbs), have no money to visit the site of the murders, so they announce that someone shares travel expenses. With whom the young couple, Early Graice (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend Adele (Juliette Levis), are ending up with two better examples of "poor white garbage" that you will never find in the whole cinema. Indeed, Early and Adele are what makes this movie so entertaining, banging, flirting, trusting, thinking, speculating, glamorous and otherwise behave in a way I have not seen since the reprise of "Beverly Hillbillies". Early idea of ​​California: "People think faster there, because of all the warm weather; cold weather makes people stupid." That's enough to convince Adele: "I suppose it explains why there are so many stupid people here." To which Ran proudly answers: "It's safe." Early continues to give Adela's instructions about California: "You never have to buy fruit, everything is on the tree's account ... and there are no speed limits, and I hear your first month's rent is free, state law" <br /> <br /> But the poor Earli has some, good, mental problems, which become more apparent to Brian and Carrie as four travelers move westward through the US. "California" is more and more like "Hitcher" (1986), and Earli begins to act more and more like John Rider, a maniac stopper, whose terror seemed so unstoppable. "California", the acting is uneven. The Duchovist performance is flat. Brad Pitt is surprisingly efficient, despite being outraged sometimes. Michelle Forbes is as great as an avant-garde, photographic artist. But my choice for the best performance goes to Juliette Levis. With her nasal voice and a heavy southern accent, she is astounding, like naive, very animated, children like Adela. At the end of the movie, the film relies on the twilight zone, while our passengers enter the nuclear nuclear test area in Nevada with a rudimentary old house filled with polarized dolls. The act turns pretty unruly into unnecessary and meaningless violence, a place that is somewhat disappointing. All in all, however, "California" is an entertaining film, thanks to the smart concept, great scenario, especially to the other half, good cinema, great dialogue, and this wonderful performance by Juliette Levis.
