Although I am grateful to this vague gem of 70 Italian films from exploitation in the recently released side-set of Grindhouse Experiments, and although it is also available on a disc under the fake and stupid alternative title "Escape from Death Rov", I sincerely think it deserves a real and luxurious DVD edition, completely in its original spoken languages ​​with subtitle options (synchronization is really horrible), refreshed image quality and special bonus bonus options! I do not even need a refreshed image quality or bonus function, just to be able to watch a movie in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a cheerfully accelerated mafia / crime with a lot of violence, comedy (which, of course, does not always work), feminine beauty and two witty main characters. Toni Lo Bianco is great as a little bandit who pretends to be the greatest Don in town. When true criminal master Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in the city, he sees the opportunity to climb the ladder by offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little thief, but they eventually form an unusual team when Frankly's entire criminal empire turns against him, and the new French criminal master even kills Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and go to Marseille together to get Frankie's vengeance. The scenario of this sadly neglected criminal gem lazily changes fierce action and uncertainty with pieces of comedy, such as a grotesque car ride through narrow French mountain roads. The construction according to the typical sequence of mafia executions (led by Riz Ortolani's excellent rating) is extremely tense and actual killings are sadistic and merciless, which is probably the reason why the film is considered to be somewhat classical classes. The film does not have a strong female role, because the beautiful and stunning sensual beauty of Edvige Fenech unfortunately appears in several scenes, and then still in the background. There was nothing less than men behind the camera, responsible for top cinema, than Joe D'Amato. A great movie, recommended to fans of Italian exploitation, and I hope to see him soon in his original version.
