I've never heard of Leos Caracas all the way to his Merde segment in the last few years in Tokyo, and it was easy to highlight three stories of the movie. It was not my favorite of short pants, but it was the most unique and most effective. "Lovers on the bridge" was the first of his full featured features that I saw, a virtuous romantic movie that uses images and music to communicate a vibrant young love that flows into poetics. Although classified as neo-nouvelle vogue, his films owe a silent film as an experimental narrative of the sixties. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in L'atlante, Jean Cocteau and Gui Maddin, from Godard and Truffaut. In Boi Deets Girl Carak from the 1984 debut he uses a black and white and difficult reliance on a visual representation for displaying emotional states. It combines exaggerated Maddin's worlds, but it is based on reality that never seems quite stable like Cocteau, but thanks to its expressions, it becomes more accessible, more emotional and more attractive than Vig's films. The story of Boi Meets Girl is simple and similar to Carakov's two next films that make this trilogy "Young Lovers". A boy named Alek who played Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alek in the next two films of Karakas) was just dismissed from his girlfriend who fell in love with her best friend. In the first scene, he nearly killed his friend on the promenade, but he does not stop at the murder. He walks around reminding of the sounds of his neighbors who are having sex, and her girlfriend and best friend are getting intimate relationships. He steals the records for her and leaves them in his friend's apartment, but he avoids direct contact with any of them. He walks around and finds a way to a party, where he meets a suicidal young woman, and the film becomes part of "No Breath" and part of "Lamp". Later it is advised by an old man with a sign language to "speak for yourself ... young people today It's like they forgot how to speak." The old man gives an anecdote of work in the days of silent film, and how the actor shy from the stage became a confident "lion" when he was in front of the camera. Here's where the movie turns around, but an open reference to a silent movie is a crucial scene because it overlaps the style of the film (silent and expressionist) with content (a loving young man who tries to raise courage to say and do the things he really wants). Although Alek is initially conceived and a torrent of romantic words that ultimately exhaust him, he is a shy actor who becomes a lion, thanks to an increase in his inner feelings that can not be easily squeezed from moment to moment. , except for the desire to fall in love. In the film there is a scene in which Alek pulls from a party to a room where guests hide their children and babies, all who cry in the choir fill the room until they light up the tape of the children's play and make them quiet . Unexpectedly due to television, TV ends with playing the secret of a camera in a bathroom that reveals that a housewife cries out in her wig for someone she is missing. Even while Karak is self-reflective and self-confirming the very type of angst-riding that comes from the old story he is trying to say (a room full of cubs), he is mature enough to see through the initial irony of love in the whole movie cross. Even the rich old, the bell ball has a brother who is missing her. On the second scene, the former astronaut staring at the Moon who once walked in his youth while drinking a cocktail in silence. Although he is grateful to films before he speaks, Carac is a master of music, knowing when to shoot at the "Holiday in Cambodia", or in the early David's song, the sounds of a piano-playing man, or girls who quietly shaking. In a guy lucky girl, when someone gets heart broken, we see the blood from their shirt, when the couple kisses on the sidewalk, turns 360 degrees, as if it is tied to the carousel, when Alek enters the party and it feels like it's not in place, because the most interesting people in the world are attending; as well as a famous writer who can not speak of a bullet that is placed in his brain, or a misshapen universe from 1950 that stands right across the astronaut's path. This film is a missing link between Jean Pierre Jenuet, Michel Gondre, and Vie Anderson, whose stylish flowers and strange stories of curiosity have a parallel with various visual, musical and emotional characters in these Carak films. Each line of dialogue, every piece of music, and every effect and change in this movie echoed with me at some emotional level, some of which lack the articulation words. There are many stories about dating a girl with a boy, but rather than to explore the banal details of any particular event, this film records the ecstatic truth of adolescent passion and disappointment. Other movies you want to watch can be awaited. Take a look at this first. If I were to make films, I would like to be like this, in fact I want all films to be like this, where transit becomes greater than life, and life itself becomes a dream.
