Put yourself in Carlov shoes. She is an overloaded, unnoticed administrative person who is invisible. You know her: she trained three of the last three bosses, knows where all the bodies are buried and maybe look at you in the mirror when you wash your teeth. There is always time for another ungrateful task and makes him better than most in spite of a serious disability, she has a work desk on the way to the toilet that becomes the storehouse of half-finished cups of coffee and asks to spill it. What? You do not want to hear this? Well, it can not, and you can not even hear your hearing aid go away. Prepare to experience life from the perspective of hearing impaired. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) needs a change in her life. Love does not lead anywhere; Friends rely on it to satisfy their domestic needs and the only way out is the beginning of a collapse that practically remains unnoticed. She will not take a break - the contract is critical - so the only alternative is to hire an assistant. Carla submits requests that transfer her real needs: a 'well-strengthened' man. This brings the applicant to an endorsement that reminds us that we should be cautious with our wishes. Paul (Vincent Cassell) does everything wrong since the beginning of the job interview, and his engagement clearly shows Carlin's interest in his non-job-related qualities. She sees potential in this ex-thief and how the story unfolds, their relationship grows in a very unusual form of co-dependency. Pavle has a difficult transition that returns to the world outside the walls of the prison and is located in another type of prison: one of the offices, and the other in slavery for the payment of old debt. His skills as thieves help Carla to win the political battle in the office. However, Paul sees a great opportunity with Karla's skills in reading lips and attracts her further into the world of intrigue. This is a brutal film noir, unrated and probably suitable for older teenagers. Karla grows stronger, professionally and personally, as the story progresses and her inability gives her clear advantages over the rest of us. She grows as a woman who reveals her sensual side while using her resources to overcome obstacles competing in the male world. Two main characters are designed for each other, in a strange way. Without Paula, Carla will remain in her role as a mower. It has our sympathies, hopes and best wishes, even if by the way it does not make the best decisions. You hear the world through Carla's ears, from clumsy settings of hearing aids, muted sounds, all without sound, to relatively different voices when you see who is talking. When one main meaning is disabled, we see that Carla intensified the power to compensate. And we can all use that feeling to hear not only what people say, but what they actually mean.
