VVE Armageddon, December 17, 2006 - Live from Richmond Coliseum, Richmond, VA Kane vs. MVP on Inferno Match: So, this is the fourth match that is inferior to VVE and it's Kane vs MVP (ask why it was the first game on the card). I was just looking at the final parts where Kane puts MVP's asss on fire while they're on the hunt and then the MVP runs around the arena while yelling? they eventually discarded a fire with a fire extinguisher while the MVP was spreading around the entrance ramp. A funny and visually very fun ending. 7/10 VVE Tag Team Championship: This was originally meant to be Villiam Regal & Dave Tailor vs. Brian Kendrick & Paul London. However, GM Teddy Long comes to the ring and announces it will be a fatal 4-way team on the ladder. MNM and Hardis are thrown away and it's all a chaos. One word to describe this eye opener? vov. Man, I really can not remember how much pain there was in this match, and words can not do justice to it. There was a special place where Hardis set the ladder in the watch position, and Jeff jumped from the top as Matt held the MNM for murder, then VHAM! Nitro took it away, and Merkur apparently ruined it and bleed it like a hell with tears on his face. He had to take him and Nitro continued the match alone. The second place was when Jeff started London as he jumped out of the ladder. There were other high meadows that are astoundingly astounding too much for memory. London finally unloads the belts to win in this rave shov-stealer. 8.5 / 10 Boogeiman vs The Miz: The two men throw themselves in the ring and around him until Boogeiman explodes for victory, and then fires worms over Miz's mouth as usual. 5.5 / 10 for these three minutes incognito. The United States Championship: Chris Benoit (c) faces Chavo Guerrero in another typical Guerrero match. Some good places included a superflex from Chavo and an unusually long chain of German supplements from Benoit. Vicki Guerrero comes in a ring with a belt to knock Benoit, but Benoit is scared and it takes a long time to decide whether to put it in Sharpshooter or not. This allows Chawu to go on a roll-up, but Benoit raises him once again and Chavo is locked in Sharpshooter. Game over. A nice battle, although sometimes slow. 7/10 VVE Cruiserveight Championship: Gregory Helms (c) against Jimmy Wang Iang for this, in a pretty moderate game. The game had some good flying points? the most important thing is Helms to move from the top? but the mass did not look like she had entered the game after attending a match with ladders, and Iangu needed more air. Helms won the match after taking Yang with a knee-deep kick. 7.5 / 10 <br /> <br /> Pogrebnik v. Kennedy in the last-team match: After a series of matches between the two, this time it's the last game, another ever of that kind and the winner has to take his opponent out of the arena in the car. Pretty good for what these two can offer. Kennedy handled a good portion of the Taker and even freed himself from the chokeslays to throw Taker from the Armageddon set about 15 feet below; and thank God for Kennedy, otherwise it would be brutal. Kennedy almost won a victory until Tucker returned to the dead car (I loved the camera's view of the dead car). Tucker then missed a Kennedy steel pipe and instead smashed the window of the dead car, but later took Kennedy to open the chair and followed the consecutive chokeslam and Tombstone. Kennedy was unconscious and Tucker took him out of the arena to win. In fact, I was really interested in the readiness of these guys to take / give real ill footage. 7.5 / 10 Santa's coming in the ring, I'm going "What the hell is"? as well as many children in the crowd, and then the word "underwear competition" enters my ear. Break time. Batista and John Price vs. Finlai & King Booker: a story about harizms against technical characteristics. This match was, in fact, a rather good main event with a momentum that rationally went from one team to another and kept a good uncertainty. Even Finlay has got some legitimate good shots this time to his opponents (I somehow doubted his strength against the champions), and he and Booker mostly failed to try to deceive? except at a time when Booker scored the scepter in Price in the throat. Batista hit the Bomb at Booker for victory, failed to see F-U; The price is in any case performed by 5 Knuckle Shuffle and I think that he also did STFU. This was probably the best technical game of the night and the participants really did what they could without the ladders 7.5 / 10. Since it's an on-fan VVE fan, I have to agree Armageddon has been enriched with numerous eyes which attracted attention, and the match on the ladder eventually swallowed half of the show; The Last Ride match had quite nervous spots, and the main event was also very good for his category. All other matches also led to their billing except perhaps Boogeiman vs. The Miz bout and all the useless competition in the underwear. All in all, Armageddon was a very fun pay-per-view, and despite some major delays earlier in the PPV chronology, Armageddon wants us to be honored with respect this year. PPV rating: 8/10.
