Armagedon PPV The last PPV from 2006 <br /> <br /> Smackdown brand. The results of the match before us ******** <br /> <br /> We launch the show with Inferno sword. Kane v. This was okay. Nothing about wrestling here. This was about visuals. All in all, this was not bad. There were a few close places here with Kane who came too close to the fire, but in the end, Kane won by hitting the MVP in the fire back. Nice opening. Let's continue. Teddy Long announces a new match for team titles: London and Kendrick will defend themselves: Regal and Tailor, The Hardiz and MNM in Ladder MATCH !!!! Let's move! Match Two: Fatal Quadruple Scale. This was a total massacre. Judging by three out of four teams here, you expect chaos. The freckles were incredible. Total spot-fest. Once, Jeff went for Poetry and Motion, and London moved and Jeff fell to the ladder! Soon after the conversation, Jeff is placed at the top of a rope with two scales nearby while MNM will kill Jeff, Matt will save and Jeff will hit the "see-all" shot by Joei Mercuri! Merkur was injured. His eye is fast closed and difficult to open. Merkur is out of the game and Nitro is still there. He will fight alone for titles! Regal and Tailor then capture London and rub it face to the ladder! Jeff climbs the ladder and Nitro in the kill place, falls through the ladder to catch Jeff! Avesome! In the end, London and Kendrick retain team titles. What a match! This was crazy. I can not understand why VVE did not publish it so far. You'd be scared to zoom in. I'm sure the repetition value will be good. Merkur has suffered a broken nose and eye razors. He's in the hospital now. Be a good kid. There is no way that anything else will be at the top. Next: Miz v. Boogeiman. (Ugh) This was nothing. Will Boogeiman ever fight? And Miz's a shit. After a crazy mass, this is killing them dead. DUD. Chris Benoit v. This was a strong game. I have enjoyed. At one point Chavo hit a super-killer! Benoit hit OSAM German supporter! Benoit wins with a shotgun. Good things. Helms v. This was a good game. Unfortunately, stupid fans did not care about this. WHY? Helms and Iang are very talented and well fighting. I agree with JBL. He strayed into the crowd. The JBL is 100% accurate. Learn to appreciate this or to get out. <br /> Mr. Kennedy v. The Undertaker-Last Ride match. Not too much. This was a cocktail, with a few exceptions. At one point, Kennedy threw Taker from the top of the stage to the floor. The city was fine. The reaction was disappointing. The final place was Taker-stoned Kennedy on a dead car and he won the match. Unreal. Kennedy needed this victory. They both work hard. However, Kennedy needed this victory. The builder was supposed to lose. The creative was screwing again. Next is the stupid thing of the dive. I love women. Not this. Bar Torrie was not here. It's refreshing. Judging by the crowd, Laila was supposed to win. VVE wanted Ashley. Think about this bathroom interruption. Next. Main Event: Price and Batista vs. Finlay & Booker T. This was also nothing like that. The focus was on Price vs. Finlay and Batista vs. Booker. Batista and Booker can not work well together. Finlai is trying to make the price look good. The ending was messy. Finlay hit the Batista knee with a target and Batista did not sell the shot and finished the match. Lame. Generally speaking, Armageddon would have fewer goals, but the match on the ladder was the main event here. There was enough money there. A few others were solid. The last word: A good PPV with the ladder on the ladder is the savior. Smackdown is not a bad show is not tempting enough. The smackdown should stop allowing the Price to be together. Let Smackdown get on his two legs. This show proves that Smackdown can.
