VVE has produced some of the worst paychecks in terms of its history over the past several months. Ciber Sundai, Survivor Series and December to Dismember were terrible at the very least, and therefore relied on their B brand shov, Smackdown! to try to finish the year at a high level. Armageddon had two big matches in the last Ride and Inferno matches, three championships were on the line and an interesting main event in the form of team-mates with Batist and John Price vs. King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to one of those championships that brought us not only a game of the night, but also a game of the year when Teddy Long gave the fans an early Christmas present. T-Lo changed the VVE Tag Team Championship match with Champions, London and Kendrick to Regal and Tailor on four Ladder matches including MNM and Hardi Boiz. I will not be reluctant to answer this, too, because nothing I can say will not be able to do it by justice. This must be seen to be believed. There were many high points and much more brutal shocks and accidental landings. One move I need to talk about is the one that Joey Merkur took to the ambulance directly halfway. Jeff Hardy jumped onto the ladders that were placed in a visible position with Matt Hardy, holding both MNM members across the opposite end to take full strength. Unfortunately, for Merkura he did not raise his hands to protect his face and took ladders full of strength in his nose and left eye. This was evil. His face was currently in chaos for everyone to see it, and it is not surprising that Merkuria's night had ended early. Later we found out that his nose was broken and cut under the left eye. Be warned. This is not for a weak heart. The ending of this car in the game came after Paul London managed to take both the belts of the championship to win. I've been watching wrestling for almost 15 years and it can not be better than this match. Incredibly. The night is open only with the fourth inferno game. Kane took over the MVP in a good game, but everything was in the form of a visual, not an action. There were a couple of close talks with the flames for both competitors, but in the end, Kane forced the MVP to flame after they both ended out of the ring. The MVP was running around the ring while his ass was on fire and was a sick part of me who laughed at watching this. May I suggest to Michael Haies that the MVP will leave next week at Smackdown! The second trick of the night, as well as the second match of the triple major event, was the real war last Ride match between Mr. Kennedy and The Undertaker. This was a tough match from start to finish and was the best in the Undertaker and Kennedy series. The used pillars, chairs and a scene had the Pogrebnik thrown 15 feet away from Armageddon and set on what should be a concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was clear that this was nothing more than a mat crash and the mass did not appear. The end came after The Dead Man Kennedy headed the car soon followed a tombstone. In other significant events from the card. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero in another solid match. This was a very good fight that Benoit hit 8 German supplements at Chavo at one point. Benoit also wondered whether to put Vicky Guerrero in a shotgun or not. Luckily, he felt and let her go. This led to Chavo attempting to turn only to confront him in the sniper for submission. Another shot on the card was a championship championship between the longest champions in VVE, Gregory Helms. and Jimmy Wang Yang. With a lot of flying and dangerous spots, some of which ran out of the ring, this was much more deserved than the audience's response than what it received. JBL showed it best when he adored fans in Richmond, Virginia, that he was sitting on his hands during this and that at one point he even started bored. Helms picked up the duke after a javebreaker maneuver with knees on Smackdovns! Resident redneck. Boogeiman scored the table in a worthless match. I hate Boogeiman with passion. Just worth listening to the JBL about the Table. JBL is a golden comedy. The last night of the night was a major event. World heavyweight champion, Batista and VVE champion, John Price joins to take over Finlay and Champion Champion, King Booker. There was no chance that the match could surpass Tag Team Championship from before, but he still entertained. The game would be unforgettable if it was given an additional five to ten minutes, but how many times have I already said about the VVE games this year. King Booker was pinned at the end of the match after the great Batistabomb. So 2006 was completed for VVE in terms of payout schedule per view. The year began on a horrible note with the New Year's Revolution, but it ended in a high with Armageddon. This Ladder sword will remain memorable for a long time as one of the biggest ladders of all time. My hat is off for all eight contestants who, in addition to their bodies on the line, give fans a hell of a sword.
