"Death Gives Hands" is one of the key early episodes of "Columbo", which helped to define the show in the next thirty years. This is the first of four performances by Robert Kulp (three as a killer), who play the same role in each performance. In this case, Culp plays Brimmer, the head of a large private detective company, who is asked to investigate whether the wife of the wealthy newspaper magnate, Mr. Kennicuta, has an affair. Although it is true, Brimmer decides not to tell Kennicut, in the hope of being able to blackmail his wife in exchange for information about her husband's business associates. She reacts badly to this suggestion, an argument arises that quickly becomes violent while Brimmer strikes the face. Since he was carrying a big ring, he hit the ground and killed him. In this episode there are some really priceless moments. One of my favorite scenes is where Columbo pretends to read his palms, although it's actually cunning to discover the shape and size of the Brimmer ring without acknowledging that he knows the killer was wearing a ring. Columbo is Columbo, he just reveals what he really knows when the right time is to rotate the screws a little. So in the beginning, he stupidly plays the role of a fairly simple man who is excited about the "rescue line that crosses the hill of the moon," or some equally funny mumbo-jumbo for reading the palms. Another great scene is when Brimmer tries to offer Columbus a job for his company, effectively bribing him to stop pushing his nose. Again, Columbo does not reveal that he knows what's going on, he pretends to be respected and excited by this job offer. And there's another Columbo who tells Kennicut, in front of Brimmer, that he wants the killer to hear their conversation. He wants to tell Brimmer that he is on him, without accusing him directly, so he has decidedly cruelly (but understandably under these circumstances) decided to play smart games at Brimmer to panic in panic and do something stupid. What, of course, he has! All the time, the grieving Kennicut is not aware of the subtext of this conversation. It's just the end Columbo explains to Kennicut (not shown on the screen). I will not discover how Columbo finally knocked down the hunt for killers, but let's say that potatoes are involved. .. Really very good episodes, probably the best of the first series. If you liked this, then you will also like "Double Exposure", also with Robert Culp.
