This was the first regular film episode of Columbo's film, but it is nevertheless shown as the second after Steven Spielberg's "Columbo: The Murder of a Book". It is also one of the best! Bernard L. Kovalsky was a great creative director! No wonder he was later asked to direct three more Columbo films. The film has some real creative and innovative footage, and the movie as a whole is clearly made with style, passion and eye for details. Each clip is connected and the reason is that this movie is better and it looks better than any other average made for a TV movie. It's definitely one of the better-rated Columbo movies. It is the original Columbo entry for several reasons. Murder was more or less accidental and was an impulsive act. So, the killer of this time has no time to plan a "perfect murder" in advance, and then he will purify any trace and must resolve the bodies. The killer in this film is not treated only as a man who committed the crime, but rather as a man who helps Lieutenant Columbus solve the murder. This makes the characters more interesting and layered, and it also helps to make Columbo's way of dealing with the whole crime more interesting and for that reason. Of course, Columbo begins to suspect him quite early and as always comes to a solution by making him vulnerable and looking dumbier than he really is and gaining the killer's trust. This is obviously not a spoiler because in this way every Columbo movie is set up. I liked the story of the movie and how it progressed. It also helps the movie to have such nice music. At the time of this film, Peter Falk really made his Columbo character, and the character in it has already been fully developed. Robert Culp is really great as a short Brimmer. It is interesting that she will play again in three different Columbo films and one episode "Mrs Columbo", only in completely different roles. He even played the killer again in several of these films. Otherwise, he was not the only actor who did it in other later Columbo films. Also, the great Rai Milland appears in this film, as the victim's husband. All in all, it makes great early Columbo film and among the best from a long series of films. 9/10
