OK. I admit it. I am one of those nerds who spent many hours with my favorite DVD player and my beautiful TV watching a series of science fiction. Star Trek (Nekt Generation) was my first space in the space, and since then I've regularly exchanged partners. It seems I've seen everything, and my favorites are "Lekk", "Farscape" and the new "Battlestar Galactica", in other words: the latest, most modern opera space. But, I also fall in love with the old-fashioned, cheap, like the magnificent quadrangle of the BBC show Blakes7. Here the budgets are smaller than the hobby, it seems that special effects have been made on Commodore 64, but who cares when the scenarios are sharp and intelligently written in dark humor, acting dead serious and sometimes even high class? > <BR> But why do they always speak English in the space future? Because this is NOT a future, it's a fantasy for kids. However, it can sometimes be irritating. I, as a Norwegian, have often cursed this horrible fact that never makes a series of genres, such as science fiction, for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought about the fact that it could have happened. But it is, in fact, once, even in my homeland, Norway. I was two years old when the so-called. Fjernsinsteatret (TV Theatrical Section) of our National Public Service Nrk produces these three episode Blindpassaser (The Stovavai). When I first heard about it, I was not surprised by the fact that the show has so far been shown only once in Norway, which made it impossible for me to really see it. It was on Swedish, Danish and Finnish television, at that time, but that was a long time ago. There was no video or DVD release, no surprise, and when it was shown on a home theater, it happened in Bergen, a city away from Oslo (where I live). And there is another fact about the Blindpassager that I was not surprised to have written by two Norwegian authors Tor Age Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo basically introduced the genre SciFi to the Norwegians of the seventies; they published anthologies and wrote what they called the prose pronunciation. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of two writers, and he has written several great and entertaining novels, even masterpieces, some of which are hilarious, such as "Bazar" and "Sivsoverskens Distre Frokost". No one else than this guy, also a laughing drama player, could not make the Blindpassasser scenario. When I finally looked at it, it was because of the strange Swede that recorded three episodes on the VCR in the 1980s, in the end they managed to convert it to DVD and to they give it to me. He was a good guy. So I sat and watched, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scratches and errors; but the thing went by and I was surprised that I finally loved it. External scenes with space ships and planets are better than those in Blakes7, and they are credited with Caprino's studio (made by the famous Grand Prix Flaclip), and the interior of Marco Polo (a spaceship) works better than that I expected. The acting is typically theatrical, but it works better than when they play Ibseen, in short, and Bjørn Floberg plays his role as well as Trini Lund. The legendary actress Hennney sighs his lines in a serious and relaxed tone that fits the genre, but this is the game of the ensemble, and I will gladly say that Ola B. Johannesen carries a mustache with nobility, and Marit Østbie is really hot spaceflight of my standards. But is it really so good? Well, it must swallow a rather abrupt ending, a pretentious critique of "modern society," but that, indeed, is not really fantastic, but charming, cool, nostalgic and pleasant. One and a half hours of classical Norwegian SciFi.
