Sur me levres or READ MI LIPS is a fine little thriller that also examines the lives of "outsiders", people living in the periphery of our vision and struggling with the need to "fit in". Director Jackues Audiard with co-writer Tonin Benackuist has created a tense, tough, quite fun little thriller that brings some significant statements about extraordinary individuals and their concerns. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is an ordinary Jane, mostly a deaf, thirty untraceable secretary for a company whose life is social and sexual isolation and whose view of the future is pretty gloomy. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel), a recently released former prisoner who answers the ad to be a Carlin assistant. At the first meeting, there was mutual physical repulsion: Carla was hoping for a well-prepared, distinguished man who could fulfill her fantasies, and Paul is a rude, messy, crippled guy who is not impressed by being a clerk. Their concepts change pretty quickly when Paul rescues Carlin's job by completing her request to steal a letter that cost her work, and Paul discovers Carl's ability to read lips that he sees as a way to spy on criminals from his past who threatens his life for the owed money . So, a couple of teams join forces and together enter into a dangerous tension filled to get Pavel's safety and freedom. The connection is full of the edges and the edges of the seat, each of these characters who fulfill the roles in their lives and who suddenly fill the walls of the isolation. Devos and Cassel deliver the performances of the brow. and the rest of the plaster is equally strong. Once again, Alekandre Desplat produced music that boosts tension, and cameraman Mathieu Vadepied finds all the appropriate lighting and angles to suggest the worlds of isolation of characters as well as Hitchcock's sense of tension. Director Audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is both sensitive and transformative to the story: it shows us the difference between 'listening' the world with and without hearing aids, and thus makes some strong social comments. This is a fine film that remains in the ranks of the best genres of the French film noir. Recommended. Builds Harp
