All of you who despaired watching the emptiness and disadvantages of the latest Disnei Studios production comes something that should heal your wounds ... Once and for all, Bug's life brings proof that purely synthetic images that perform a good scenario provide more interest than fake drawings "manually made-old-Disney "(see Lion King, Pocahontas, and all the latest productions in which you regret that Bambi's magical wallpaper and atmosphere are gone forever). Bring Life to Life (1001 Pattes to My Colleagues in French Cinema!) Helps to avoid all the imperfections that arouse you in the middle of a movie and say, "Hey, this thing is computer generated!" There are no bad parts, a huge effort that shows its efficiency in the background and the overall look of the sets, the stunning 3D bird (near perfection in its imitation of reality) ... and that is just to mention the technical aspects. > <br /> The script, my friends, the right backbone of the movie, has some thickness! Interestingly, and obviously thanks to the Lasseter team, there is virtually no musical sequences in the life of the bug. Which means the story is long enough and rich to get rid of those 3 or 4 minutes that some kids appreciate, but most others do not like it (same for parents or anime fans like me). This film reminded me of a really old movie with Steve Martin and Chevi Chase: 3 Amigos; it basically had the same background story (the entire Mexican village that lives in fear of several bad guys hires armed people (who are finally pretending to be actors) to protect them, etc.). Simple but effective and brilliantly adapted to the colony of frightened ants that face the wrath of evil insects. From Microcosmos, many movies tell stories of insects, their lives, fears and hopes, but I think that the life of the bug is the most fun and best-loved of all. The process of humanization is perfectly achieved ... And the whole audience was enchanted by the adventures of Flika (aka Tilt in France). Thank you very much for the Lasseter team, especially for the last 30 seconds. It's so strange and great at the same time to see the whole theater caught in laughter while bugs / actors forget their lines or hit the camera ... Finally, especially for those of you who have seen French version, other greeting cards give doubles actors who have made excellent synchronous work on this movie. The life of the bug is really good fun, and I think it will soon become part of my collection of videos (a privilege that is given to an extremely small number of movies, which is not a warehouse problem :). Go and see, it's an order.
