Picard had a tremendous success over the years with CGI animated films they shot. "A Bug's Life" was the second of a number of features that they made so far, preceded by the feature-length debut of the company, the revolutionary Toi Story, which was the first feature-length CGI film. I remember when this tracking was advertised at the time of its release in the late nineties, but I never saw it until November 2006. I watched it twice a month, and three years later I saw it third. time. It never impressed me so much how likely any other Pikar film I've ever seen, but after three views, I still think it's better than some of the movies I've seen from DreamVorks Animation. Island Ant is home to the colony ants. These ants are forced to collect food for the grazing gang coming and taking it every year. One member of this colony is Flick, an inventor with a bad reputation that causes trouble with his inventions, although that does not mean it. One year, when the colony just finished preparing its annual yield, Flick accidentally broke into the brook before the pickers come for it! The Hopper leader, Hopper, decides to give them a second chance to raise food and prepare it for the rest of the season, but will have to double its offer! Flick suggests to the royal council of the colony that he go and find "warlike bugs" to fight the locusts when they return. Princess Atta, the future queen, let him go on this mission just to stay out there to cause trouble while the colony is trying to collect food for another offer. The inventor finds a group of bugs he thinks are warriors, but after returning them to the Antarctic Islands and getting to know them, they find out that they are not actually warriors, but circus bugs! The main reason why this other Picard feature has never been completely amazed can be a figure. For me, none of them really really stood out as much as she could, and generally seems a bit unexpected. Fortunately, however, it is not like "Shark Tale," a film with a very idiotic and inconspicuous main character. "Bug's Life" has a pretty nice main character, for which viewers can tune. The story sometimes seems a bit unexpected, but in most cases it's good to keep the movie at least moderately entertaining, and sometimes it has some good tension, especially later. Humor, as well as some other aspects of the film, is not as good as it could be, but definitely there are fun moments, some of them include Francis, a male bubble that is sometimes mistaken for a woman. You can always expect a great animation from Picard, and the animation in this effort is no exception. With all that this movie can offer, it may be a little disappointing when it comes to Picard standards, but it's a reasonable family fun.
