Karla works for investors who say she is unattractive, unwanted and desperate. She's also deaf. Her boss offers to hire someone to alleviate her heavy burden, so she takes the opportunity to insure a male company. Help comes in the form of Paula, a tattooed hooligan who came out of jail and apparently unsuitable for the manorial routine of the office environment. Between them an implicit sexual tension develops, and Karla is determined to keep him in spite of his unwillingness to accept a working week. When Carla withdrew from an important contract that she negotiated with a slimy fellow, she used Paul's crime by returning the deal back. The colleague quickly realizes that she is behind the robbery, but when faced with her, Pavlov's willingness to hit people in the face comes in handy - but this criminal operation has its price. Paul is given a "transition" by some mafia acquaintances as a reminder of unpaid debt. He formulated a plan that uses Carl's unique ability to read lips in order to discard a gang of violent bank robbers. Now is the turn to Carlo to enter into a terrifying new world. The fourth feature of the director Jackwell Audiard, 'READ MI LIPS', begins as a fundamental romantic drama between two marginalized losers just to shift the speed half way to a sharp thriller in which their symbiotic defects turn them into winners. The waters are excellent; They easily assure us that this strange couple could really connect. Karlin's first encounter with Paul is a favorable farce in which she is trying to sail out her harsh restraint and maneuvers from the prison only to find out that until recently she was a prisoner. Emmanuelle Devos, who plays Carla, has this almost exclusive ability to move from inexperienced to luxurious and back into the frame. Vincent Cassel plays Paul as a dog in a corner that really looks like at home when he receives a beating or makes up a print that will probably kill him. Like many French movies, 'READ ME MY LIFE' It seems, at first, that it's nothing special, until you scratch it beneath the surface and find that it's probably for everyone. The only boom is a sub-page about the missing widow of Paul's conditional release; A device that seems to have been made only to help turn the main move of a story into a neat little glass. The French 'New Wave' in the 1960s was the first to introduce the concept. 'genre' in the movie, and I always felt that every medium is somewhat compromised when you need to use the tag system to define it; so it's always a pleasure to discover a movie that seems to overtake the genre, or better still, defies it.
