When I first watched A Bug's Life for a long time, I could not see the comparison with last year's Happi Feet. As for the main story, they are very similar, the exiles are doing what they can fit in, and at the same time trying to be special. It only shows that the film could have been better without his liberal conclusion. Many people disagree with me when I say that I really like Pikar's sophomore effort. It certainly does not manage to capture the glow of storytelling about toys, nor is it animation from this world. However, the story is superb and the characters are wonderful to spend time. With a lot of laughter and a moral center for lifting, I could look at this and other classics studies. It has a lot to find strength from inside to overcome all the chances. Between our leading Flick, who should keep his self-esteem in order to save his colony, the colony should open their eyes to a new way of life for the future, and circus bugs discover that they are more than rude freaks, all evolving into a better bug to the end stories. Even Evil Hopper is fully trained and threatened with the right reasons. He does not do evil, but instead realizes that the ants exceed him 100: 1. He needs to be afraid of him so that he does not have to worry about finding out the truth. This is largely a life cycle, but not one that can not evolve with age. When thinking about animation, it's actually pretty good. Compared to Antz, the rival movie of that time, this is more realistic and less cartoon. Water is processed well, as well as leaves. You do not have to look beyond the ants' eyes to see how much detail went into production. Reflections and humidity, despite the smooth exterior, show realism. All mistakes are also well made. Flies in the city and a crazy mix of creatures recruited to save the ants are never saved, whether it's a small role or an expanded one. And in the city we see that making is in the environment. While Ant Island is beautiful, it's just outdoors. Bug City contains lots of garbage that doubles as buildings and clubs. It's great to show humor and inventiveness to see what the animators used for everything. From ice cubes like circus benches, a box of animal crackers like a circus caravan with a complete guide to feeding the side and a crazy compilation of boxes to create Times Squares billboards and facades, everything is done well. As for the greater part of the humor, you have to admit the acting talent for the wonderful delivery and the inspiration for selecting the roles. Nobody could do a male bumblebee better than Denis Lirie with his fierce reason. I dare think of someone better. Our tracks are excellent with Dave Foley as Flick and Juliet Louis-Dreifus as Princess Atta, as well as with always fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Space not only steals many scenes from the movie, but also occupies a central position in the bloopers during the loan. Yes, and Bug's Life was the driver of animated releases from Picard, a tradition that continues. With many error jokes in languages, you also need to provide props for enormous support. Full of those acting actors, these are people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and the late Joe Ranft as the Heimlich worm that brings the greatest laugh. All in all, maybe it is the simplest story on the Picard screen, one that is told in one form or several times over the years, but is inspirational enough and fresh enough to provide a pleasant experience. There are joyous moments, sad times, and even accentuated scenes of uncertainty with the arrival of birds to join the party. Together with a few of my favorite Picard characters, Tuck and Roll, there's not much to worry about that I can remember to say about it.
