Lately, I watch many of Tom Hanks' films and old Chaplin's movies, and even some of Bean's early performances by Roven Atkinson, and it seems that they all have their own unique charm that permeates their work, something that enables them to identify themselves with the audience of all ages , in a way that only makes you feel good. Bug's life has the same charm, it is related to real life that allows us to easily suspend unbelief and accept many spoken insects, because although they say, they continue to work as real mistakes. It's as if the team that made the film has found a way to bring us into the child's mind and allow us to think like them, to imagine the mistakes that a young mind does. Honey, I was reduced Children were one of my favorite movies when I was younger, and to me, Life Buga is like a more realistic version of this movie, even though animation is so amazing and this style The storytelling story only opens so many more narrative possibilities. I try not to compare it with something like Toy Story (which I still consider to be the best computer animated film ever made), because the story of Bug's Life is not as good as a story about toys, but again, almost nothing is. It's important that it's still a wonderful party. The story relates to a colony of hard bugs that have an impressively developed society, mainly oriented towards the construction of a food harvest, most of which will go to tyrannical locusts, far superior to strength and general cruelty. , and we hope that it will still be enough for the bugs to survive the winter. We are dedicated to some grazing visits, which clearly show that if the bugs provide an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be terrible. And by chance, the similarities between this devastating level of food extraction is astoundingly similar to Mao Tse-tung's wicked compulsion for food from his own people during the "Big Jump Forward". Fun and excitement begins. when Flick, the main character, set out to find a gang of suitable warrior insects to return and assist in the defense of the colony from the locusts. You see, he spilled all the stuffed food and put everything in great danger, so he felt his responsibility, but he inadvertently ended up hiring a fighting group of circus performers. Great for the audience, not so much for the safety of the clan. The film was released in the late nineties, when so many films appeared to have come out in pairs, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and Arrival, Bug's and Antz's life, etc. The comparisons between the lives of Bug and Ant are inevitable, although it is clear to me that Bug's life is far superior film, and not just because Voody Allen does not play who kisses and plays the main role. This is a big family party!
