Such a joyful world was created for us in Pikar's A Bug's Life; we are immersed in a universe that can only be documented on film, but more accurately in a universe that can be documented only through the world of animation. For those who have forgotten what rich and vibrant world animation can offer? when in the right hands it's ?? Bug's life is a warm reminder. We leave the film with an equally warm feeling, and a sense of satisfaction that arises from only high-altitude film productions. It's just the second Picard's animated feature. Disney's subgroup made their spectacular debut and perhaps a completely inattentive stamp on the film world three years earlier, in 1995, with their Toi Story movie. It was a movie that defied the conventions, re-invented and breathed new life into animation and defined a completely new level of excellence. Now, they are returning to their second-class efforts, which, to be honest, attract us to cynicism before we look at the film. After all, this is an ant film. Well, all insect walks and holy bugs are covered in the Life of Bug, but it's an ant that is the focus of this film, because people are the focal point in drama, romance, and so on. How can such an insignificant species of animals, such as an ant, act as a protagonist of the film, let alone provide the whole premise of a feature film? They must be joking. However, we forget that in Toy Story a bunch of items from a toy box could become the largest, most inspiring and favorite pile of animated heroes and villains ever invented. The guys in Pikar manage to do the same feat and manage to convert a bunch of dirty and miniature bugs into the most expensive and pleasant gamadi band you'll ever encounter. Not only are they all completely polite and cute? there is no unpleasant character; Even the wicked people bow down to the characters? but they are colorful, eclectic and idiosyncratic. A series of characters is also huge due to the lack of a better term, only adding rich layers of distinctiveness that have been put on Bug's life from the very beginning. We start from our main character and our hero. His name is Flick (David Folei), and his character is at least a general. Of the thousands of faithful and obedient working ants living on a lush, beautiful Ant's island, he is the one who is considered a black sheep of the clan, as seen in the introductory moments of the film when he inadvertently destroys the seasonal harvest. The problem arises in the fact that the harvest of ants for a bunch of greedy locusts led by Hopper (Kevin Spacei), who are eager to continue with their anger and autocracy among people. small little ants; when they appear on Antigua Island for their annual banquet and see that their offer is gone, they are crazy because of the lack of a better term. Hopper proposes that the ants be saved from total extinction in the hands of his pack; However, it is a negotiation that is simply impossible to fulfill. The gears and clock mechanisms in Flick's head now full of flames, despite his guilt and shame, and offers to leave the Ant's isle in search of some mighty warriors who can come to the rescue of the colony and fight against Hopper and locusts. > <br /> If you think about it, And Bug's Life has some great similarities with the lines of Akira Kurosawa Seven Samurai, or the American remake of The Magnificent Seven, in which the village of an unhappy but benevolent nation is endangered. from evil and evil enemies? a lonely village resident asks for help in the big city, finds it and returns to the colony to get rid of evil. In Bug's Life, help comes in the form of a circus troop, which Flick misinterprets as warriors in a fight in a bar room. From these scenes a lot of fun comes out. , and a lot of fun emerges from these bugs from the circus troupe. Among them is the eruption of the erudite (David Hide Pierce), a thick German cousin named Heimlich and a quasi-femme fatal bubble, which is in fact a big and male bumblebee (Dennis Hopper). It is extremely pleasant to watch these bugs on the screen, because it looks at bugs and insects interacting on the screen, as well as the whole film collectively. As I said, a lot of fun and joy comes from their characters and joyful interactions with one another, which give way to exciting lines, wonderfully tense and attractive situations and the overall glittering film. What makes Bug's life even better is that the film is not limited to children, because many people think that this is, even though the kids would really find more fun from this movie? The situation in a cliché child is a bit more than we would like. However, it's easy to ignore this mistake and it's incredibly easy to enjoy this movie. Although Bug's life may not be able to reach the giddy standards and standards set by his predecessor, this is still an excellent movie, and the beginning of something that promises here. Pikar proved that they are not just a single-hit miracle, but rather a gifted and talented group of filmmakers in Hollywood. They endlessly lift the rod, and when one always manages to reach their standards, it is always in its own right. What else has to say about the Life of Bug except: see; it's not very good to see people from Emeriville in California, but this is a lot more than his year ?? and I'll be damned if this is not the best animated feature in 1998. 8.5 / 10
