(originally the response of a film reviewer who said that Bug's life was too fast, too fast - he was "stunned and exhausted" by the visual, and seemed to ignore the story altogether) Well, firstly, I have 26 Years, I have a job, I go to school and have a fiancé. " Maybe I'm crazy and really good at hiding ... but not only did I get out of life's life Bugs exhausted or stunned, only when I saw him the second time, I could even even begin to really appreciate the art and humor of spectacular visual effects - because when I went to see this film for the first time, so I wrapped myself in the story and characters that I FORGETED that I should sit there and that they were "thrilled" visually. How can you not sympathize with Flick and his life from time to time? "Hell", I really identified myself with this little ant (not to mention some of the other bugs) in much more ways than one ... and that in itself tells me more about what an amazing movie is, than the whole book on her beautiful candy. Of course, it's wonderful (every grass, wood, rain ...). Of course, what they can do with technology is incredible (you can read their lips! Try!). But this film is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, and not just the luminous explosions of movement and color. No, Bug's life would be static if it was all without a story. But, I'm glad to say, it's not! Bug's life has a real heart. Yes, there are many things that happen, as well as the story, as well as visually, but that's because the story and the characters really have depth to them! Just because a movie for children does not mean you need to turn off the brain at the theater's door - kids are smarter than you think! Besides, I think the PIKSAR crew did this for themselves, even before their children ... and it shows, in the amount of heart in it. This film is moving, touching, funny, intriguing and generally enthralling. The development of characters in such a performing ensemble is incredible, there is a large amount of character growth, not just the protagonist - so rare in animation and often in films in general. They will not strike you with their dots when you make them - each scene, each frame has a reason to be there, and no free videos. Not always explicitly pronouncing the word exactly what is happening means subtlety, to me, people; it means that it does not "dumbing in" your movie and assume that the audience is stupid, which is mostly not. All I can think of is if you can see the Life of Bug and do not feel anything, then you never made a big mistake, hurt your friends, you were in love, in love, frustrated not to hear anyone, lied to someone you they felt like a social worry, excited about the new idea, they came up with a great idea, had what you thought was a great idea, it was inconvenient for a moment and safe in the next, felt the pressure of responsibility, rose for itself and loved ones, I stood opposite the crowd, felt like a failure h, felt like a great success, felt the need to change life in the lives of others ... well, you understood the point. Final words: A + rating from me; please, if you want to see it, try to see it in the theater (video and video will NOT work for this movie); If you liked the Toy Story, you will probably love this (PIKSAR knows how to make a movie with your heart); if you love him, see him many times or you will not know what you are missing (the amount of detail and subtlety here is significant); and whenever you feel very low, just pretend it's seed, okay?
