Two adventurous teenagers, best friends, travel to Thailand for one last experience before they leave and go to college. It looks like a fun time to visit an exotic country until they get to know an attractive alien who seduces them on a trip to Hong Kong and puts drugs in their luggage. The local police seize them and find that justice in Asia is very different from justice in the United States. This is the main story for the "Broked Palace" and it was good. The film is doing a decent job of showing arbitrary and corrupt judiciary systems of third world countries. In fact, the display was pretty mild, because the prison conditions are often far worse than the ones shown. It serves as a reminder that no matter how badly we think that our judicial system is, it is intact compared to most of the rest of the world. Unfortunately, there were too many unnatural situations in the movie. It hindered the story. The whole attempt to escape was a false fantasy. To think that friends could smuggle money for bribes in jail in a lined bra, without being detected by guards who systematically checked everything that visitors brought, they assume that either guards or viewers are completely blocked. The story also fails to lead to the closing of the story of how the drugs arrived in Alicein (Claire Today). Did she really agree to transport drugs? We left it to guess. It was intriguing to be guessing about girls' innocence during the whole movie, but we're ending the movie, we never really know if one or both girls are guilty. Apart from this significant drawback, the ending was excellent, and the results were unexpected. The acting Claire Today and Kate Beckinsale was very solid and well made. The Danes, who were oversold and over hiped, actually came as an actor in this film. Although her portrayal was often immature (as was her character), she improved as the film progressed and the circumstances became more and more difficult. Beckinsale, unlike that, wandered under radar all his short career and shine like sweets that suddenly find themselves in jail. Her best performance in the film. Bill Pullman was wrong as a lawyer. His counterfeit style is an advantage in movies like "While You're Sleeping", but as a lawyer in a third world country on a crusade to release two innocent girls from injustice, he had a wrong personality. The tourist sight of Thailand was interesting, but that did not make me go there. All in all, the entertainment movie has become incredible in the parts by inserting some funny scenes. I gave her 7/10.
