Although I do not think that this was perfect, I agree that it was the way above the one that was assessed here. No, the Broked Palace was not perfect and that the plot was made many times before. This does not mean that it should not be repeated if it is good and I think this film had some powerful moments. The actress Claire Danes, as has been mentioned many times, was as flawless as Kate Beckinsell and I think Bill Pullman was absolutely brilliant as the accompanying performances (Pullman's wife, broken policeman, skipping or traveling, or whatever his name is). Cinematography was also greatly filmed, there were many good things for this movie, even if there were some negatives (the three main ones I found), too. to-friendship between girls-in fact, the individual personality of girls-did not develop deep down to the late mid-image. It would be unlikely that interest would be lost before it, because in spite of the positive results, more character development had to be done earlier and that certain scenes, like when the girls were initially arrested, were almost covered, so there was little jump . I think it would not be appropriate for this type of film. That, however, is not my main problem. I WARNING-WARNING-SPOILER. The end, which has been mentioned for over ten times, was AVFUL. It was terrible in two respects. First, although it was predictable and very hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and powerful ending, but in a film like this, there is a Sense that justice will be served and I myself have sat down to see. I was sincerely shocked by the ending and it was excellent by everyone involved, but I think both girls should have come out or, in addition, at least the policeman should get what came to him. I mean, nothing happens to bad boys, they all get out. Very disturbing. Also I do not understand the ambiguity of the end. I understand the endings that were inspired to think, but it was not a mysterious movie or the "Clue" movie that we watched, and I would like to know something about what actually happened, who was to blame, etc. Let's decide to do it ourselves, but since I somehow doubt that there will be a continuation, I did not want to continue to guess it. at the top of the list, I would rate it with 7.5 and say that it is definitely worth a look.
