In the film Brokedovn Palace, directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate a high school diploma on their way to Hawaii, but they hear that Bangkok, Thailand, are much more fun. They changed plans and decided to go to Thailand without telling their parents the change of plans. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a nice guy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He tells them they will sell their first Hong Kong ticket for three economic tickets, so they can spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and, when entering the airport, were arrested for drug smuggling. They were convicted and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. I think Kaplan was trying to show the audience that it was wise to make good decisions, because in one case a bad decision could change the direction of life forever. Also, a friendly face may not be as friendly as we think when we discover the true intentions of this friendly face. These girls decided not to tell their parents that they had replaced their plans and that they had changed their lives forever. Things have a strange way to show us what kind of decision we made to the verses the decision we were supposed to bring. Sometimes life is not just right, so it's important to think about the elections we are long and hard to think about because we can never return and change the choices we made. This film has a great setting; It was shot mainly in Bangkok, Thailand. This film also has great music; Several of my favorite songs are Delerium 'Silence', 'Damaged' by Plumb, 'Deliver Me' by Sarah Bightman and 'Parti's just started' by Nelli Furtado. I went out and bought a soundtrack after watching this movie. These girls were young and naive and did not think well about their plans, a mistake anyone could make, so this movie is good for every audience. It does not matter that they are young or old - we are all human beings and we are subject to mistakes. Although I did not like the way this film ended, leaving me at stake - who actually smuggled drugs? - I'd definitely give this movie two thumbs.
