We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but there really are only one or two people you feel very close to, people you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danny) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. You can see it from the beginning. Together they graduated, together go to parties and decide to go together to Bangkok when they should go to Hawaii. They are also arrested for attempting to smuggle drugs into the Third World country and this is a disaster. The rest of the film is about survival and not giving up hope. He also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone. Brokedovn Palace is a very good movie, it's not great and it's due to the few questions I want to talk about. But first I want to say what's good about the movie. And for starters, the acting is superb, and you can not look beyond the two tracks. Danny and Beckinsale are perfect in their roles. Alice is always fiery and looks a bit rough around the edges, but she looks more fun than Darlene. But sometimes this game can bring her in trouble. Darlene is always a little conservative and although it may sometimes cause irritation, she would better serve two girls to follow her path instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is adequate as an American lawyer living in Thailand. The movie is well recorded. The interior of the prison, although not the same as Shavshank or Natural Born Killers or Return to Paradise, but it shows the necessary (but not insufficient) hopelessness of the situation they are in. We see that the two girls are struggling to survive every day, but you can see that their spirit goes out every day. The Brokedovn Palace is excellent when it talks about friendship and shows how they must rely on one another to survive. The other thing I had to comment on is the soundtrack for the movie. This enhances and improves the mood of the film to perfection. The song you hear in the trailer is also played back in the movie and when playing, you feel the state of women in this prison. You can feel how much they have to feel and how desperate they are to go out and return to simple things in life. And it makes you look at yourself and realize how happy we are to live in the company we work with. We easily compared it to some countries and we believe that music is the perfect catalyst for thinking about this topic. Some music is performed by a group called Delirium (I think) but it's Sarah McLaughlin (wrong writing, but how is her last name written?) She makes the lyrics, and her voice is beautiful and haunted and adds so much What I did not enjoy in the movie was something from the nonsense that girls are exposed to. I will not say what they are doing, but when you see it yourself, you will know what I am talking about. I also did not feel that the prison they were in was so bad. It looked more like a prison for minimal security, and this may be because when there are similar circumstances in other films that invite men to work in a foreign country, prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I did not get it here. All in all, this is a great movie and really makes you ask the question: "How far would you go for a friend?" That is a difficult question and perhaps one that none of us could honestly answer until it is put in the same situation. Let's hope it never comes down to it.
