I've seen this movie for a million years (5 years precisely) for the first time. In the light of recent events in which Australian wife Schapelle Corbi was imprisoned in Indonesia for the so-called smuggling, I decided to watch this movie again. I did not get out of my heart because I was a hot girl for hot girls (just read my review of Laurie Shov's exit). Some of my wet eyes ran away, but hardly the bins were filled with tears. Why? Not because these two heroines were not completely worshiped and helpless, not because the film was not heartbreaking about the two children at the height of their lives in almost inhuman conditions. Why then? Why did not I cry? I wanted to cry! When I rent a movie like this, besides running me, I feel like I do not have tomorrow, I feel poor and I like it. This film was simply too short to do it. It was as if the script was reduced to the main elements of the action, and while it did, the psychological aspect was rejected. Clare Today and Kate Beckinsale did a great job showing the emotions of two friends, but this movie just screamed for more videos of these girls in their depressing (and pressure) surroundings. A mental journey is missing here for some reason. You see only the key moments of the subject (which are very touchy, I admit), probably because of poor editing. Sometimes I felt that these girls were walking around the postcard. Relations with family members could also have been a little more attentive. What about relationships between girls and parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You see him, but the film does not offer the whole picture, unfortunately enough. Still, this was a great movie, and in the end I even had to bite my lips a bit. . But I suppose this has more to do with the acting skills (and appearance) of actors (and music), but with the merit of the director. To be honest, I hardly knew who Kate Beckinsale was before watching this movie (again). Now, I'm a fan! Great movie, until you expect it to be a classic movie.
