In the late 1800's, San Francisco, poorly trained Errol Flinn (like James J. Corbett) works at the bank and enjoys local "battles" with his colleagues and drunkard Jack Carson (like Valter Lovrie). One day, beautiful Alekis Smith (like Victoria Vare) enters the "Comstock Bank", where Mr. Flinn works. Flinn is thus taken away by the elegant beauty of Mrs. Smith, he offers to carry his retro bag. Smith was secretly taken away with the handsome Flinn, but he was delayed by his daring. Flin's good work (in fact, an attempt to take over) gets him a free membership in his favorite "Olympic Club", practically includes gymnasium (with boxing equipment). However, Flinnon is a foolish way and practically jokes (he tears men on parallel bars) irritates the members of the club. When an English boxing champion visits a club, members try to fight Flinn against a man. They hope that Flinn will resign, humiliated by his defeat - but, Flinn wins! For the first time, producer Robert Buckner is compiling a nice package for Varner Brothers and director Raoul Valsh. Mr. Buckner certainly enjoyed the success of his contribution (screenplay) to the brilliant studio "Iankee Doodle Dandi". Unfortunately, this story is positively funny. There was "Gentleman Jim" - this story is allegedly recording the autobiography of real James J. Corbett "The Rick of the crowd" - but this film must be made much meaningful. Flinn is a very attractive leading man; he maneuvered the script easily, and should have been recognized, in the early 1940s, as an excellent actor. Many of Flin's characteristics were (are) overlooked as high performance, and this is one of them. Smith works well with his female interest, skillfully conveys emotions to the viewer. Director Valsh makes the nonsense smooth and extravagant. The supporting actor is gentle, from the noisy Alan Hale (such as Pat Corbett) to Lon McCallister ("Paging Mr Corbett"). <br /> <br /> ******** (1942) Raoul Valsh ~ Errol Flinn, Alekis Smith, Alan Hale
