James J. Corbett, the world heavyweight champion from 1892 to 1897, proved to be Errol Flinn's favorite role. Maybe because he did not have to hold a sword or to be in the west. He was tired of the robber, and he said in his autobiography that he felt mistaken in the westerns and that he could not understand why people loved him. It's a nice movie, but it's hard to tell the real story of James J. Corbettu. As shown, Corbett was the first scientific boxer to win in the heavyweight category, the man who used the brain and speed rather than the brute force to win. Defeated John L. Sullivan and lost to Bob Fitzsimmon's crown heavy category. He was also a compulsive woman, and it was similar to the man who portrayed him. Of course, this is not shown on the screen. The character who plays Alexis Smith, the banker who falls after him, has no basis in reality. Corbett was actually drowned twice and was obviously unfaithful to both his wife. Although after he lost the title and after the event of this film completed, he suffered a great personal tragedy. His father was at the time of depression, probably because of finances, because he hardly lost his betting on his son to beat Bob Fitzsimons, shot at his mother, and then turned his gun on himself. Murder / suicide can barely mingle with a happy clan that Alan Hale presided over. One thing I liked about Gentleman Jim. Vard Bond got the role of his career in playing John L. Sullivan. Director Raoul Valsh received an excellent performance from the Bond as a great, but sympathetic Sullivan. Even with some of Sullivan's bad spots that do not reach the screen as rampant racism, Bond's painting is essentially John L. and the best thing about Gentleman Jim. Speaking of racism, one thing to say was that Sullivan while the champion refused on the basis of a race to meet Peter Jackson, who was black and from Australia and probably the best heavy player of his time. I say probably because Corbett met him as a challenger and fought for 61 rounds to the draw. This fight more than any other created a request for the game title Sullivan-Corbett. Of course, when Corbett was the champion, he refused to give Jackson the title. Maybe he did not want another 61 marathon with someone who might have been better that day. Mr. Jim is not Jim Brown's story, it's Errol Flinn's movie that plays like James J Corbett. But Corbett was alive in 1942, no doubt he loved the film and loved Flin's portrait of his life. It's the way you would like to remember him.
