If you are looking for a definite life biography of Boxer James Corbett, then that's probably not a movie for you. The famous boxer receives "Hollivood-ization" from the 1940s - making the story far more fun and more interesting than real life. However, since the performances were so good (especially from Errol Flinn), and the script is so cute, the decorations of the film can be forgiven. The man who became the world boxing champion in 1892. The film goes from his rather modest beginnings and follows his career through him winning the title against John L. Sullivan. However, although it was possible to focus mainly on games, most of them are quite short in the film (except for the final title for the title), and emphasis is on Corbett's personality as well as his relationship with the lady actress Alekis Smith. Through the film, there is a great work done by an actor of great supporting actors (such as the long-time actor in Flin's films, Alan Hale), and writing really helped bring these people to life. Especially nice is that the film sees Athletics Flinna as a boxer. While several recordings are in pairs, almost all of the boxer scenes are from Flinn and he has done a convincing job as a pugilist. This was a nice departure for Flinn, who mostly played "nice boys" roles or svashbucklers and it shows how solid he was. To learn more about this, try reading his biography - he was a pretty rough and overturned character before coming to Hollywood. Regarding REAL James Corbett, read on if you're not afraid to find out how the movie is not accurate. First, Corbett was not a poor man who came from a poor family, but he was educated and smart. Second, while at the end of the film, Alecis Smith, they split up several years later. The third, amazingly touching final scene of the movie between Sullivan and Corbett is probably the best part of the movie, Sullivan was a jerk and it could never have happened - in reality, Sullivan was more an egomaniac and Corbett was not fat at the forefront of the film - although it's made for a wonderful movie.
