Freely based on James Corbett's biography "The Roar Of The Crovd," Gentleman Jim is a beautifully translucent image that perfectly combines not only the rise of Corbett's prank prancer, but also the wind of change with respect to boxing. The story follows Corbett (perfectly poured Errol Flinna) from his modest beginnings as a bank banner in San Francisco, up to chances to fight with the former boxing champion who ultimately leads him to the battle against the scary world heavyweight champ John L Sullivan beefcake, personified by Vard Bond). Not all battles are in the ring, and these are all spin off vignettes in Corbett's life that make up this great fun image. There are problems of class that need to be overcome {perfectly played while colleagues members of the club pay to knock down a wedge or two and Corbett must not only fight to gain respect from his so-called peers, but must overcome his ego as it grows as fast as his reputation. Together with the beautiful Corbett family, and with their stoic humorous support, Corbett's journey is as enchanting as he is joyous, yet still as daring and brave as he is, he is a very nice character, and that's the character that corresponds to the marked. Nickname received from Gentleman Dima. The film never lags behind for a moment, and this is proof that the director is Raoul Valsh, although we eagerly anticipate the final fight, the outer ring keeps us firmly. It's been fun, even the love interest of sub plot does not hurt this picture {thank you iou Alekis Smith}. Sequences of the fight are very good, and perfectly show how Corbett became a champion, and his brand of dance rings around combatants is now firmly placed in the history of boxing. As the final roles are all dropping to the ground as a meeting after the fight between Sullivan and Corbett, all this brutality is put into context, and there is a place where humility and humility become a real winner, and as far as this viewer is concerned ... ... ...... it will do it for me to be sure, 9/10 for a truly wonderful picture.
