Flinn, known mainly for his roles (and his sleeping antiques), takes a different view of this film and works beautifully. Playing in the real life of boxing champion Jim Corbett, Flinn turns a charm full of strength as he breaks from a crumbling cashier in San Francisco to a celebrated pugilist, all of which at the same time putting one eye on Deb Smith. He and the best friend of Carson attend an illegal battle against naked joints and are arrested along with several other men (and a dog!) Including a prominent judge. The next day, over Smith, he gets a chance to enter a judge's private club. Use this opportunity to take the good grace of your exclusive members and find a place as a boxer club. His unusual skill in sports will soon be received by all those who come, including world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond). Flinn is a magical spell here. He is a symbol of charm, charisma and attraction in this role. It looks great (especially in the hangover hanging with white hair and wearing a white syndicate suit) and practically doing all of your own stunts (impressive!) Its delivery on the line is delicious and it is credible and compassionate, and at the same time a chilly rascalli. Smith smokes class and taste from every pore and is good for Flinn. At this stage, he needed a female costar who could resist his progress and reputation (at that time he was subjected to legal force for rape) and she did so beautifully. She is repulsive in her freshness and cavalier attitude, but can hardly help, but under his enchanting spell. Bond is incredibly large, muscular and tall, yet unattractive when asked by the script. Amusing support is provided by young and upbeat Carson. Fravlei is his self-confident suicide as Flin's manager. The rest of the actors are excellent, including Flin's rude family and assortment of humiliating Nob Hill types. The whole thing is nicely placed and surely focused. Several sets are incredibly presented. Some of Smith's dresses are bordered with scarves, but she very well suits the exciting hairstyles. It's a great look at the earliest boxing days in the championship, but it's a lot more. Some of them (such as Flinn's characteristic features) are enhanced or exaggerated for fun, but a lot of it is authentic (like the methods and bones depicted in combat scenes.) One line is especially memorable: "I believe I love you more than you , but it's completely possible that I love you more than you love me. "It's a classic romantic dialogue (and there are also more than a few cunning scenes scattered).
