Some statements about 'The game is the most important thing', or something like that, are attributed to the old Baron Avon, himself, Villiam Shakevspeare. if it was not old Will, maybe it was our own, super-veteran film director, Mr. Raoul Valsh. There are a number of his films to support this hypothesis. Neither of them is more appropriate than GENTLEMAN JIM (Varner Brothers, 1942). The film also rewards another award, which is named as the favorite Errol Flinn in its main vehicles. It clearly shows on the screen evidence that viewers can easily watch sitting in a darkened theater, or watch it on a home TV or DVD to conclude the same. Certainly, the story is a semi-serious Biopic, which takes part of the factual material and connects it with a liberal dose of old imagination to bring us very satisfactory, although somewhat fictionalized phenomena (which Biopic is not?). Casting is excellent, because it is well used by our leader's natural athlete, Mr. Errol Flinn. Although not a picture of the Swashbuckler, Western or War figure, this GENTLEMAN JIM might be the main role best suited for a durable Australian. Errol was a member of the Australian Olympic Boxing Team in 1928 or 1932. His training and skills in 'sweet science' were clearly shown during the entire film, and especially in the 'Great Fight' for the World Boxing Championship in heavyweight with John L.Sullivan. Vard Bond) Actors are read as duty-players who support Varner Brothers. It contains Alan Hale as father Jim Corbet, operator of the Livery Wagon *. His two brothers are Harry and George (Pat Flaherty and James Flavin), two "blue collar" in the family, and their professions are listed as "Longshormen". Big Jack Carson works his usual masterpiece serio-comic performance to support Jim Corbett's friend and fellow bank. The rest that we can recognize and remember are: John Loder, Villiam Fravlei, Madeleine LeBeau, Minor Vatson, Rhis Villiams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn, to name just a few. Director Valsh has also used numerous Pro Vrestlers in the roles of various boxers. So, Ed "Strangler" Levis and unknown Grappler * are shown as two pugas along the coast in the introductory scenes. Others were Sammy Stein, Mike Mazurki (ever heard of him?) And "Vee Villie" Davis. These guys had a powerful but unexpected look around them who would have the old hands-on bars. We did not forget the Leading Lady, Alekis Smith. She is strong in her characterization of an "independent" woman, but nevertheless maintains true true abilities as a strip player in many scenes. It shows a rather wide spectrum like the poor little rich woman, Victoria Lodge. With all these ingredients at hand, the trick is to mix the elements in appropriate proportions to give it the right 'mix. Well, Director Valsh is doing a ruthless abandonment. Because he's looking for a great movie, first of all. His treatment shows all the skills he had to fine-tuning starting from the day he played with D.V. Griffith. Mr. Walsh seems to have a special affinity for that period, in the 1890s. again! "So he is able to maintain a light, even witty touch of a story that could become too gloomy and serious. Moreover, in an almost unaddressed element, Brother Valsh gives us the authentic look of San Francisco from 1890. And as yet another example of his affection for that period, he creates a wide, dynamic picture of historical combat awards. There is a lively, joyous mood in these boxing scenes. As a crown to this great, perhaps underrated film, director Valsh looked like that the illustration was from The Police Gazette, which she covered such events in these "old days." But there is only one thing to remember before looking. If it is the first time, or if you see it once again: "br />" BORBETS SUITABLE !! "In my humble opinion as a historian and Film and Pro Vrestling, it looks like Tor Johnson, who years later was the favorite of Ed Wood's director. </ Br> ** "Livreja" is a somewhat archaic term for a vehicle that is rented for local city transportation. *** The truth is. Mr Raoul Valsh was Griffith's veteran toy. He was an actor who portrayed John Wilkes Booth in the Birth of the Nation (1915). **** Born in 1887, Raoul Valsh was old enough to have his memories of the 1890s Sullivan-Corbett Championship Bout and what it meant for Sports Life in America these days.
