Autobiography of James J. Corbett's "Rick of the crowd" was the starting point for this lively and well-remembered fictional biography. The author was the world heavyweight champion, succeeding John L. Sullivan, before the beginning of the century. Narrative events describe Corbett as a gentle, yet sympathetic and intelligent young man whose conquest of the world of boxing and social prejudice in his time, when he was considered only the son of Irish immigrants, by a humble bank bank, and no one surprised everyone. It took him several hours of exciting and often entertaining screen time to prove his leaders were wrong. He is a bank cashier when the film opens, but he in some way returns the call to the sports club for the benefit. She falls in love with a beautiful, yet snobbish girlfriend, she always seems to be fighting, and she lives in a house with Corbett's clutches that argue with each other as equally as others. When he wins the best club in the club and the professional battlefield to embarrass him, he finally decides to become known for the fight. goes on a journey with his friend, who acts as a manager and trainer, and despite several short moves, he wins all his fights and attracts attention. Returning home to keep up with his girlfriend, he managed to upset Boston Strongboi, a powerful John L. Sullivan, who enters the cafes and claims that he can "lick anyone in the world". Few are those who believe that he can win the fight against Sullivan, but Corbett, dubbed "Gentleman Jim" because of his kind manner and patrician appearance, surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of range and denying Sullivan's power. The most beautiful film scene may come when one beaten Sullivan comes to congratulate Corbett. The new champion rises to the point, says Sullivan several years before it may be different, and shows him only admiration and respect. He gets his girlfriend as a result of his two plays, but until the end of the film, while visiting his parents, his manager is able to tell the world: "The Corbettes are back in that." Movies are attractive and have a consistent style, without being noticeable. The script was written by veteran Horace McCoi and Vincent Lavrence from the Corbett novel. Sidney Hickok filmed cinema, with periodic decoration by Clarence Steensen and directed by Ted Smith. Heinz Roemheld worked on music and Milo Anderson dresses. The film was largely directed by film specialist Raoul Valsh. Flinn also liked to work with Walsh, but did not care for the other director he worked most often, Michaela Curtiza. Among the actors were Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of her best performances, beautiful Alekis Smith is a little bit tender but intelligent as a girlfriend Corbett loves and very capable Errol Flinn as Corbett, the young man he seemed to enjoy - - later said that this was his favorite role from that period .. Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale, his charismatic father, John Loder, a wealthy foe, with William Frolly, Minor Watson, Madeleine Lebe, Reese Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki together for a pleasant procedure. It's hard to say enough about the logic and carefree amusement generated by the generators of this film; It is one of the most popular sports biographies, and according to my standards, it is one of the most pleasant ones.
