Everything is relative, it seems, the main theme from the very beginning of this set of eleven pieces by eleven directors. This means that what can be number one priority for people like Bush, Blair and the Company may not be the case for many other people, ordinary people. From an introductory scene in which an Iranian teacher tries to impress on his little students the most important thing that has happened, with the result children are not impressed, as the death of their neighbors and such things obviously affect them much closer. of everything that could have happened in New York, the United States, wherever it is, this series of almost documentary styling works proves that not all things are equal to all people as some world leaders would attempt to prophesy. While, apparently, the attack on the VTC was a cowardly event by any criterion, the impression is that both politicians and TV cameras tend to blow things out of all proportions - they are beautifully manifested in one of these pieces . Would the same reaction at the international level happen that the attack was made at Lagos, for example, or the Giacarti, say, or even Rio de Janeiro, for example? I do not think so. It seems that news suffers from distortion depending on where things are happening: much more television time is given to the earthquake in Italy, say ten times more destructive in outer Mongolia, for example. It seems that longer distances reduce the size of the disaster. This series of eleven pieces helps to put things in a better perspective - or, perhaps, I should say, some of the parts work, as every director with complete freedom has invented his story, his own translation of the perspective, so that it is not possible to judge all the merits , but individually for each eleven-minute segment. In no way should we conclude that this is an anti-American film: it would be too easy to read various messages that are manifested through segments. However, he is not pro-American either. Eleven segments adopt different attitudes and a common bond - if it exists - is that the catastrophe of the VTC attack must be viewed from the perspective of different perspectives. Only then will such people as George Bush begin to understand the planet on which he lives. In one segment, it was clearly stated that my belief that I have been keeping for two years: America did not learn a lesson. And the lesson is that the US must share this planet with the rest of humanity - not that it is dominated by ruthless economic conviction or mere ordinary force. Instead of finding out that the United States can not only continue punching everywhere and everywhere, its political leaders, backed up and backed by Blair (and even Aznara), have become even arrogant and even more intolerant, which does not do any good to anyone in Afghanistan. or now Iraq, let alone many elsewhere. The White House's mood has been thwarted: the United States and Great Britain have attacked Iraq and provoked all the chaos, and thus should clarify the mess they have caused - they do not insist that the UN and other nations turn to help and find easy way out from turmoil. Radical views adopted by the United States (or even Israel) will be fulfilled only by the radical attitudes of Islamic people, who have been preparing fanatic fundamentalism for years, even if they are concealing their own macho uselessness, stoning women to death or simply plating them from the tips of their heads to the dusty soil. The world is in terrible confusion, fueled by the greed of a few rich countries that seem inclined not to see and understand nothing from more multilateral perspectives. This film in eleven separate pieces accurately depicts this dark and stupid situation.
