First of all, I will not boast Inarritu's short film, I'm even a Mexican and proud of his success in the mainstream hollywood. In the second hand, I see that most comments focus on their favorite (and not so) short films; but we forget that there is a subtle line that completes the whole compilation, and may not be so pleasant to American people. (Even if it was not the main purpose of the producer) What I'm talking about is that most of the short films do not show the suffering through which the people of VASP passed through the terrorist attack on September 11, but the suffering other people. Do you need evidence of what I am talking about? Look, in a short film in Bosnia, the message is: "You cry for the people who died in the towers, but we (the other = eastern Europeans) cry a long time ago for the crimes committed against our women and nobody cares for us like the whole world He did it to you. "Although the story of Burkina Fasso is more in comedy, there is the same thought:" You are angry because Osama bin Laden has hit you in the evil, but we (Other = Africans) should be angry, because our people are starving hunger, poverty and AIDS for many years, and nobody is paying us attention like the whole world did to you. "Pog Take a brief glance at Sean Penn: The fall of the twin towers makes a lonely (and alienated) man happy. So the message is that Power and greed (symbolized by the Tower) must fall to see people seeing the sun go out and flower flowers? this terrible end was proposed by the American. There is so much irony in this short film that it's close to being subversive. Well, Ken Loach (very well known for his anti-capitalist ideology) is much clearer and outrageous in going straight to the point: "You are angry because your country is attacked Uta by evil forces, but we (the Other = Latin Americans) have suffered on the similar date some worst, and no one can remember our grief as the whole world did to you. " It's as if the creator of this project wants to tell the Americans: "See now, America? You are not the only one who became a victim of world violence, you are not alone in your pain and on the road, we (others = non-Americans) have long suffered much more than you that we are solidarity with you in your pain ... and by the way, we are sorry because you had some taste of your own medicine. "Only Mexican and French short films showed some sympathy and sympathy for the American people; others are like a shamro on the face of the American a state that is not equal to the American people.
