After I deleted my thoughts almost twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that I can now win this review for the complex French drama "Read My Lips". After I wrote more than five hundred reviews, I never found myself in such a loss of words as I did with the subtle but inspiring love story of director Jackues Audiard. The thought flowed over what was loved and hated about this film, and while the "loved ones" were overcome, the elements that hated caused further discussion in my mind. "Reading My Lips" is a drama. More precisely, it is a drama that drives character and combines social insecurity with crime lords with outdated daily office activities. This is where this review begins to ruin, are these all items? but it's much more, much more. As a spectator, you are currently attracted to the portrait of Emmanuelle Devos by this fragile woman named Carla, whose power is lost on men in her office, as well as in hearing difficulties. Audiard us sharpens us with his world, removing the sound from the screen whenever he does not carry his help, causing instant unrest, not only of the characters in the film, but also of those who watch. Without sound, the world is left open for every possibility, and that is scary. As we look at this difficult and disturbing feminine setting into her life, then we have been eradicated and we have the opportunity to meet Paul (played by Vincent Cassel), a hair with sloping back, a skinny man with mustaches that is just released from prison, homeless, unemployed, and forced by his probation officer to get a job. That's how Carla and Paul meet. There is a moment of distress, an unsettling attraction. The one we think he loves, but it's dark (and here's where he's having fun)? and where we think she likes it, but it's dark. Permanent reversals of the roles create a tone unknown. For whom, as viewers, should we feel the most sympathy? Half slept in the office, Karla helps him; Karla loses a contract with her rival, Paul helps her; Carl's ability to read lips to people is useful for the idea of ​​a change for Polo. Continuous jumps back and forth keep you on the chair, waiting for the opportunity to light some light through this dark cave. Never no. Audiard can not only allow this story to play, he constantly introduces us to more characters; one equally frozen like the others. Even our wall, our firm groundwork with the conditional release officer is when his wife disappears? the subtitle of this film that initially made me angry, but after further discussion, it was the main finale for this film. However, none of this could have happened if there were not our characters. Devos's festive and home-grown look takes away breath while she changes her character for Paul; the truth about her beauty was revealed. Paul, a joker in the movie, still looks and uses misuse of friendship for the final ending. Then, as we assume, Carla takes one last form. Audiard knows he has incredible actors who capture his characters. Cassel and Devos could play cards all the time, and I would still sit at the end of my chair. The story, probably the weakest part of this film, is at first accidental. Interwoven stories at first seem unconnected, but Audiard allows them to connect little by little. Again, the entire segment of the probationer was a tangent, but that final scene only strengthened the end to resources. Do not try to sound indeterminate, but this complex (but quite simple) story is difficult to explain. It's a lot, but it's up to you to connect the parts. The favorite scene is when Carla tries to find out where she is holding money. This use of sound and scene was brilliant. It was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like looking at the mystery that appears before your eyes. When is it over? I showed myself wrong. "Reading My Lips" opens up a space for discussion, not only with characters, but also with situations. In one scene, a man will take root for Carla, and Paul in the next. When the discovery was made in Paul's apartment by Karla, I found myself deeply angry. With his characters and development, Audiard brought the true emotion and what he missed in the plot? actors could wear it. I can easily suggest this film to everyone, but be ready; This is not a one-time movie. Repeat. Repeat. Say it again. Rating: **** from *****
