First, I have to give it to the people who gathered this. September 11 is such a sensitive issue that filming a film that dares to be controversial requires a lot of courage. It's a shame, though not surprisingly, that the film is banned in the United States. It is said that I think the film is excellent with a few bad moments. The film begins with an Iranian segment, which is somewhat reminiscent of Majid Majidija's work (absolutely beautiful "children of paradise" and "color of paradise"). Similar to these two films, the footage depicts what happened through the innocent eyes of a class of Afghan refugees in Iran. Absolutely beautiful piston. The same goes for Sean Penn's spot, which is also great. But just as some recordings are beautiful, others are absolutely brutal. Alejandro Gonzales Inarrito works on a Mexican record and just like his "Amores Perros", he does it brutally as much as he can. Most of the images are a black screen with several sounds that are playing in the background. These sounds were reporters and their shock as the second plane crashing, those who came home from the tower and left messages to their families, to those who were angry .... and he combined it with the flashes of people jumping from the tower. . A very powerful watch for watching and one that you will not forget. Some of the recordings could be very difficult for watching the Americans because some of them can be interpreted as "you are not the only ones who are suffering." Especially Egyptian and British pistols that not only speak, they turn tables and say how much USA has caused other people. I will specifically mention the clips from Bosnia and Herzegovina, Herzegovina, France, India and Japan (although this latter may seem terribly unreasonable, in fact it is not). However, not all the clips are excellent and I especially emphasize the shot of Israel, which, in my opinion, is While the idea was good (a journalist is at the scene of a terrorist attack in Tel Aviv, but his story is affected by what happened in New York is something that many of us who live in countries in the war can relate to) the realization It's terrible. The video ends up being just a reporter for the fun that tries to get any show at any cost, a guy who says he's a witness and he hopes he can go on TV, and soldiers and nurses just shout "that's it." This recording fails to capture any drama of such a situation. If you by chance have the opportunity to see it, you should, that is, unless you are conservative in that case. You better stay outdoors as you can offend. But if you are not, you may find out how many of us were living outside the United States on September 11th.
