As you may know, the theme was to ask eleven directors from around the world to make every short film of 11 minutes, 9 seconds and one frame. Here we have: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): what Afghan refugee children can understand until the towers collapse? Well nothing. Great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): a bad act with a big cinema ... Imagine only the deaf woman living with the VTC and who does not see that her dog was barking ... But only sees it. - Ioussef Chahine (Egypt): the greatest oriental creator has pity ... For everyone: for us a soldier who died ten years ago for people in the VTK, but also for a Palestinian suicide terrorist. Maybe a less tender ticket to us. - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): good pictures, they are sure to travel ... Not quite a good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): from one of the poorest countries in the world, a gentle and funny story about five boys who want to catch Osama bin Laden ... and they could do it, but no one trusts them when they say they know where it is. Ken Loach (Great Britain): September 11, 1973, Chile entered a twenty-year-old bloody dictation. Thousands of deaths and tortures: everything offered by Chile to Henry Kissinger and the CIA, and knowing that these changes are very different from your point of view! I suppose this is because no US film distribution company has accepted to publish a movie in our theaters! Loach forgot to say that 1973 was the year when the VTC was built! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarrito (Mexico): impressive images that we all know well and lots of black screens. I did not really get this, it's more an artistic video (for showing at the show) than a movie. - Amos Gitai (Israel): absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc. Around the burning car in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): On the anti-Islamic sentiment that followed on September 11th. Very good. - Sean Penn (us): a funny little story that reminds us of the fact that is usually forgotten, the VTC had a huge shadow, and in some places today there is no daylight. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): different. There is no word about VTC here, and the action takes place at the end of the Second World War. There is only one message: no war is holy. This short film gives very deep feelings, but the director would obviously have done better for more than 11 minutes. --- So --- A big movie, a great attempt to get the world temperature. Like it.
