French production where leading film directors from 11 countries are invited to create 11-minute short films that broadcast their thoughts on the events of September 11th. Film segments vary greatly in content and quality. Two allude to US complicity in terrorist acts (in Chile against Allende, who died on September 11, 1973, in this segment, British director Ken Loach, and Palestine Israeli-backed by the United States, shown in the segment from the Egyptian director Ioussef Chahinea). Two more reminders of other destructive acts (a Palestinian suicide bombing in Tel Aviv, shot by Israeli director Amos Gitan, a Japanese "holy war" against the West in World War II, Shohei Imamura). The irony abounds in several stories. Shadows shaken by New York's old-fashioned old man suddenly disappear as the telescope of the World Trade Telescope to the ground in a section of Sean Penn, bringing the present joy to man. But in this bright light, he can finally see that his wife really went away. In the film Mira Nair, based on a real incident, a missing man, also in New York, the son of a Pakistani family, is first suspected of being a fugitive terrorist, but later proving to the hero who sacrificed himself while trying to save others in the towers. Everywhere there are touching moments. Loach has his exiled Chilean who states St. Augustine, in the sense that her hope was built of rage and courage: anger in the way things stand, the courage to change them. Imamura tells us that there is no such thing as a holy war. Samira Makmalbaf shows teachers with her very young Afghan schoolchildren, expelled in Iran, trying to tell them about the events that just happened in New York. But, they are clearly more impressed with the big event in their refugee camp, where two men fell into a deep well, one was killed, and the other suffered a broken leg. This is an understandable big-scale tragedy for six-year-olds. Idrissa Ouedraogo, of Burkina Faso, creates a drama in which the son of a sick woman attacks Osama bin Laden in their village and gathers her friends to help capture a fugitive terrorist in order to receive $ 25 million of American awards. He tells his friends not to allow any of the adults to know their plans, because older people would only spend money on cars and cigarettes while he plans to help his mother and others who are sick and poor. It's Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarrito (producer "Amores Perros") that provides the far-most-demanding and demanding segment, the one that, in most cases, only displays a darkened screen with audio tapes and voices and occasional sounds of tingling. Short visual flashes gradually allow us to see bodies falling from the high towers of the towers, and dreams of blows that bodies that hit the ground. The sequence ends with elegant orchestral music and a stationary image, which carries an expression that is first shown only in Arabic, and then a translation is added: "Does God's Light lead us or blind us?" (In various languages ​​with English subtitles) Rating: 8/10 (B +). (Viewed 10/31/04). If you'd like to read more of my reviews, send me a message for instructions to my websites.
