It was clear from the very beginning that September 11 will inspire more films such as the Second World War and Vietnam together; however, there is certainly a great danger that most of these films are so good (or better said, bad) than Pearl Harbor. It is great luck that the first international edition of September 11 is not a sweet love story in which a crowd of beautiful faces plays, but the collective work of 11 directors from around the world. I'm not intending to say that all 11 episodes are great (Ioussef Chahine, for example, has an unnecessary projection with too many cuts and Shohei Imamura has a really bizarre end) or that the segments are in the right order (Imamura , as the only one Without referring directly to the twins, we should open the film, not to end it, Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last instead, because it is the most impressive). But it is an impressive effort and an interesting demonstration of the way in which other parts of the world react to the collapse of twin towers. Consider the opening segment of Samire Makhbalbaf, in which Afghan teachers are trying to explain what happened in New York and unsuccessfully suggest one minute of silence. Or part of the Idrissa Ouedraogo (which contains bin Laden-twice as much as the right to be shocked when you see it, I promise), in which 5 boys think about the good things that can be done with the Laden Prize. Ken Loach is a surprisingly good (and extremely angry) segment about a man from Chile who talks about what he calls "our Tuesday September 11th" - that September 11, 1973, when he was elected their President Allende was killed and Pinochet set up his dictatorship - with the generous support of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. It could have become a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it became a sad story and shared my recognition of the best segment with Inarritu (mostly sound impressions and phone calls from abducted planes to black screens, sometimes a few pictures of people who fell on VTC and finally the tower collapsed, ending with the lighting of the screen and the appearance of one question), and Amos Gitai, a hysterical journalist who desperately tries to get into the air after a car bomb exploded in Tel Aviv (hard to recognize, but one is a masterpiece of choreography). All these different segments (I have not yet mentioned Claude Lelouch about a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic about the demonstrations of women in Srebrenica, Mira Nair - strange, but an Indian director is needed to make a part that is probably the most attractive to the western taste - about a Muslim family whose son is under a terrible suspicion after September 11 and Sean Penn with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) like a widower who leads the most depressing life can imagine) add a unique movie that is not easy to watch and hard to forget. I'm sure this movie will be a classic known to everyone in thirty years. I hope that he will remain remembered for having launched a long tradition of world film films. But, unfortunately, it is much more likely that it will be remembered as an effort for just one movie. And as one of the few films of the 11th of September that do not diminish this terrific event in a love story with a happy ending just to satisfy the audience.
