I moved away to watch "Read My Lips," a plate of Fries before me. He quickly lost his food because I was preoccupied with the original and top-notch thriller of Jackues Audiard. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is a secretary in a company that develops large-scale construction projects. She actually has some important responsibilities that often do not fall into the secretaries and she is capable and ambitious. And frustrated with the male hierarchy that will use it, but not reward it. Work accumulates faster than she can bear, Carly is told to hire a secretary. Enter the former and General Paul (Vincent Cassel). He is lying about his abilities and there is actually nothing that a legitimate company could claim. After the first serious misunderstanding of Paul concerning Karl's interest in him, the two of them became allies. A strange friendship begins. In a trick that would make Karl the main candidate for "Shepherd", she surpasses her egoistic male opponent at work with Pavel's leniency. Get out of the rival. Karla is practically deaf without her hearing aid. She's almost normal with her. Excludes the hearing aid to isolate it from unpleasant sounds and boring people. She is also very lonely. A heroic make-up effort was made to make her seem obvious, but she's really wonderful. She does not have a boyfriend. She keeps babies so that a friend can have a relationship (it's a French film). Up and humiliating, she agrees to the girl's request to hang out when a married friend leaves her with her mistress in Karlin's bed. It's not nice. While Karla and Paul are better acquainted, barely depressed theft appears, which is not so the former offender. By the way, there is also a story of Paul's relationship with his conditional release employee, which perfectly complements the main story and has a great surprise. "Read my lips?" Genius Paul recognizes that Charles's ability to read lips, even from a considerable distance, is more than a fun trick that seems to be the first. From here the caper develops. Enough said. Paul and Carla are real criminals. She wants love, but she will also accept money. She wants, in a way, but the job must come before possible erotic saturation. Cassel and Devos together are powerful actors who carry a very unusual story of crime to the end. And you may want to look at it several times: I know. 9/10
