This intense drama with an indelible character since 2007 is like a large, juicy piece of a shakespearean masterpiece of a movie that knows how to extract the unusually hot, superb performance of its actors. Think about the beginning - Jury Henry Fond in Jury in the Twelve Angry Men, delicate Katharine Hepburn Marie Tirone in Long Dai's Journei Into Night, Rod Steiger survived the concentration camp at The Pavnbroker, Winter Lion Villyama Holden at the " Networks, "and alcoholic lawyer Paul Nevman in the" Judgment ". The list includes some of the best screenshots over the past half-century, and you can safely add Philip Seymour Hoffman, who desperately controls Andy Hanson in the ranks. At the age of 83, director Sidney Lumet does not show signs of fatigue for eighteen years, and actually enjoys the melodramatic turns of the thick script of the script writer Kelly Masterson. The story's magnitude is deceptively small since it focuses on moral compromises that are being revealed in the family in which two brothers desperately sought immediate cash. Voody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamics in his latest film, an unusually cracked "Cassandra's Dream," but Lumet is neither clenched nor cautious in his fierce approach to this inevitable story of ambiguity and deception. The plot revolves around a crime that was supposed to be without a victim. Inquiring funds from the payment agency of his real estate company so that his neglected wife Gina would be happy to satisfy the expensive habit of drugs, Andi is ready to be exposed in the IRS audit. In the meantime, his younger brother, Hank, is a mass of post-divorce, dependent uncertainty that lags behind in paying for alimony and support for children. Andy invents an allegedly safe plan to rob their family's jewelry house while none of them should be there. The goal was for the brothers to pick up the wolf, and the parents to seek insurance. Murphy's law intervenes in every possible way, starting with Andy, pressuring Hank to do the job. After a brotherly affair, Hank agrees with that, but is too scared to do it alone, recruiting a ruthless, pistoling busboy to deal with robbery. According to the fate, a robbery arises one day when Andi and Hank's mother open the shop, and things soon spiraled out of control. Although the technique of reverse and ultimate narration is not new (for example, "21 Grams" by Alehandro Gonzalez Inarritu), Masterson's approach works effectively in determining certain events from multiple perspectives, so you understand how each character leads to the consequences of an unlucky event. The acting is perfect, starting with Hoffman's performance, such as Andy, a macchiavellic reptile whose cool exterior and innate amorality mask anger layers against his family. I thought he was great at Tamara Jenkins "Savages", but he's even better. Lumet even brings out a solid performance from the generally unbearable Ethan Havke as Hank, permeating him with a sense of weakness that leads him to any badly planned move. Like their father, Albert Finnei boasts his typical noise in a late career, but he provides the necessary basis for the complexity of the Oedipus level. Marisa Tomei is a smart choice for playing Gina, because the actress is economically critical for the responsible, awake nature of a small, but crucial role. Estimated theater veteran Rosemary Harris (now known as Aunt Peter Parker in the Spider-Man trilogy) has a precious little time as a mother, as did Amy Rian as Hank's exasperated ex-wife. There are scenes that cross the boundaries, especially because the situation becomes increasingly desperate for the brothers, but the principals imbibe so energetic brie that the bloom has become excusable. After disappointing a cartoon "Find Me Guilty", it is refreshing to see Lumet in top form. The 2008 DVD offers an incredibly informative commentary from Lumet, Hoffman and Havke, all of whom speak with ease and insight. Together with the original theater trailer, there is also a better than average 24-minute feature film, "Directed by: Sidney Lumet: How the Devil Was Made" featuring recorded footage and clipping interviews with Lumet, two of the producers and main actors.
