This is a completely devilish story about how bad things can go wrong. Simple robbery. Pick up some serious changes. Gather our finances and everything will be bad. But Mom and jewelry store? No problem. Insurance pays everything. No weapons. No one will be hurt. Easy money. Older, more successful (seems) Brother Andy (Philip Seimour Hoffman) has some minor problems. Dependence on heroin, habit of cocaine. Woman (Marisa Tomei), who, apparently, can not perform. His days of flat stomach disappeared for a long time. Younger, sweet, slightly blunt younger brother, Hank (Ethan Havke) with several of his own dinero problems. Behind the child's support for a daughter, in debt to friends and relatives, who did not really like them at work, etc. , directs and gets 99.99% of the rights, which is difficult in the thriller. I saw more trillers than I remember and most of the time the director receives a printed film and lives with holes, incredible scenes and gossip. Here Lumet makes the thrill as if it were an artwork. Every detail is perfect. The acting is wonderful. There is no hole on the plot. The story is true and clear and is a story of human weakness that will respect the biggest filmmakers, and even Bard himself. Hofman is of course great. When you do not have a canopy, keep the presence of a man, you must enjoy talent, mastery and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is not happy in the role of a sweet, little boy, adds a layer of desperation and too much human inability, so we do not know whether to pity him or destroy him. Albert Finnei plays the father of unbearable sons with a kind of intense intensity that is disturbing his years. And Marisa Tomei, who has magical features of sexuality to go along with her unique creativity, manages to be as vulnerable and firm as her fingernails like Andy's wife with two times. (But who could blame?) He is almost a film critic to give a commercial thriller of five or ten stars, but if you are studying this movie, as it would be a good thing for all filmmakers to do it, you will notice a type of exaggerated movie movie. (according to most Hollywood producers) attention is dedicated to the details that make up the real art - things that only large artists can do, and really can not help. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers on this film? Well, maybe a dozen: check the points.) All I can say in the suspicion is, The Way to Sydney Lumet, the author of a series of great films, and to show such a faithfulness to your craft and your art in such a high age. Can we all be half as good? Okay, 00.01 percent. It is unlikely that his father (Albert Finnei) could track the taxis that Andy took around New York without losing his tail. This is insignificant, and I would like all trillers to have such a small picture. He also wondered why Lumet decided not to tell us about the fate of Hank in the end. We can guess and guess. Perhaps his fate fell to the floor with the urine. Perhaps Lumet was not pleased with what was filmed and the time had expired, and he only said: "Leave it that way. It really does not matter." And I do not think so. What happens to Hank will not be good. He is not the guy who manages to escape to Mexico and can start a new life. He is the type of man who gets a "light" sentence from 10 to 20 and serves and comes out of some kind of bundled human being who knows that he was not the man when he should have been. Take a look at this for Sidney Lumet, one of the best Hollywood directors of The Pavnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Dai Afternoon (1975), Netvork (1976), and more a lot of it.
