I watched this film in a very strange way - I put it on my Netflik list and I could not remember why (except that I knew Philip Seimour Hoffman was in it). Since the film has no open credits, I could not even remember who directed it. As we watched my wife and I watched her, I turned her around for 45 minutes and said, "You know, I always want to decide to hate this movie, but something in it just does not let me stop it I'm watching it. "Then, there are about half dozen scenes in the middle of the movie that are really exciting in the performances of actors. It was only when the credits were completed that I realized that it was Sidney Lumet movie. And I thought - wow. I am surprised that Lumet took what was really a dirty, tiny story of really evil, broken people. But this is evidence of his talent that I was so busy when I did not realize that he was him. Philip Seimour Hoffman is really, really good at this movie. Like terribly good. Put this against Capote and I would say that Oscar should have been for this movie. I also recommend a narrative feature with Lumet, Havka and Hoffman that talk about filming - it's fun and educational, with Havke playing the student eager to learn on the feet of the master. Lumet definitely teaches you the first rule with the actors - always kiss them in your ass! There are many violent, melodramatic films that have empty codes when everything says it. And in this film there is an element of it - that actors fill the air with sulfur explosions of emotions, and when smoke is cleared, nothing remains. At a deeper level, nothing resonates. But Lumet gave us the Network and Twelve Angry Men - films that, each in their own way, elevated to the most cinema movies. This film is not at this level. But there is something in it that retains. And maybe that's enough. My last comment is on comments - if you look at the number of comments on this small movie here on IMDb - and the depth and intelligence of comments, for a con is a pretty good indication that something special happens with this movie.
