Tarantino once mentioned a melodrama from the 1930s that called Backstreet "a tragedy as a second character" in the film. The same can be said - and not enduring the lifting of Tarantino - for the best work of Sydney Lumet in years, the melodrama in which the character is the ultimate question not only because of what is at stake with the actors. Kelli Masterson does not have a masterpiece of the script here (basically it breaks into the crazy mode of the killer to the end in a series of climatic events that work only to the very end, and even there a suspense of unbelief is the most important one), but its scenario conveys character before the plot, in which actions surround the robbery, it is crucial to know who these people have won. It's gloomy like hell, unbreakable like Satan, but also absolutely dying 90% of the time. Not only because Lumet knows how to deal with the non-linear scenario where we see the day-to-day action character character before, and mostly after the failed robbery of the "mother-&-pop" jewelry, but because of the complex composition what, I would add, Lumet's specialty). Philip Seimour Hoffman and Ethan Havke are brothers with their own financial ventures, and the former turns to the latter to what appears to be a robbery without a doubt: plundering his own mother and paternal jeweler in Westchester. Havkey Hank involves another suspicious character, even though there are murders, and suddenly it is a tragedy on the Greek ladder that affects the brothers and their father, played by Perfect Albert Finnei. It is the kind of material that most actors like - characters like Dog Dai Afternoon, are painfully human, full of bones, but only want to make love and / or things straight, and have complete inability to fulfill their desires and needs. In this case, Hoffman and Havke are greatly in agreement; Hofman, up to the above, lasted ten minutes, a super-calm and occasionally humorous behavior that reveals him as the brain of the operation, but then fewer scenes in which he emotionally breaks (ie Sa Finney or the auto-scene with Tomei). talents to the limit; Havke, meanwhile, calls his ex-wife and daughter a loser, he can not pay debts at all, and calls his own father a baby, and he fills in the account of the piece in all ways - he's not as wrong as his older brother, but who wants to choose a straw for that title ? And Finney, as mentioned earlier, is on the spot so that his line in Big Fish looks like a childish game (the last scenes with him are terrifyingly tragic, his face rising in the horror that arose during the second half. <Br / Also with support for the reversal of fine ditsi and perverse two-timing Marisa Tomei, Bug is Michael Shannon as bad-white garbage, and Ami Rian, Brian F. O'Birne and Rosemary Harris make short, accurate impressions, this is a movie with huge skills and heart, but not a forgiving heart - with a story that returns to the details, not an impr but to clearly indicate every step of the constant spiral of the family. If it's not as astounding as Serpico or the Network or Pavnbroker or the 12 Angri Men, it's closest to Lumeto's.
