In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seimour Hoffman) is the deputy chief executive of the real estate office that has emboldened a large amount of his addiction and expensive lifestyle with his wife, Gina (Marisa Tomei). When an audit is scheduled for his department, he desperately asks for money. His brother Hank Hanson (Ethan Havke) is a complete loser who owes three months of restraining his daughter, and has a love affair with Gin every Thursday afternoon. Andi spit on her parents' jewelry on Saturday morning, expecting to find an old employee who will work even without pecuniary damage to her parents, as the insurance company will compensate for the loss. On Monday morning, we would collect the money he needed to cover his embezzlement. He invites Hanka to participate because he is very well known in the mall where jewelry is located and can be recognized. However, Hank is yellowing and invites thief Bobby F. Laser (Brian F. O'Birne) to steal the store, but things go wrong when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes to work as a replacement for an officer and Bobbi brings a hidden gun. Nanette reacts and kills Bobbi, but she is also deadly hit. After Nanette's death, their father, Charles Hanson (Albert Finnei), decided to investigate a robbery with tragic consequences. "Before the devil knows you are dead" is a comedy of errors, discovering good done. The original and the difference are in the script, with a non-linear narrative "la" Pulp Fiction. "Sydney Lumet, an eighty-year old, has another great job and the longevity of this director is impressive: Filip Seymour Hoffman is terrible in the role of a dysfunctional man with a traumatic relationship with his father who feels the world is falling apart mainly because of his insecure and clumsy brother, Marisa Tomei is still impressively beautiful and sexy, showing the magnificent body.The violent conclusion shows that the world is truly a bad place, my voice is seven. v (Brazil): "Ante Kue Kue Saiba o Diabo Voce Esta Morto" ( "Before the devil knows you're dead")
