The Bible teaches us that love for money is the root of every evil. Love for money leads to greed that can lead to pride and eventually to destruction. Two brothers, Andy and Hank, will discover how much money they love for money and those they like most. Andi Hanson (Philip Seimour Hoffman) and his younger brother Hank (Ethan Havke) could not be different. Andi apparently enjoys success in the real estate market in New York and is married to her beautiful wife Gina (Marisa Tomei), who is the idea of ​​a trophy woman if she ever existed. Hank, however, is divorced and is at the mercy of his ex-wife, expensive school accounts of his daughter, and infinite amounts of child support. A man who thinks well and has good intentions, Hank still can not escape from the water that slowly rises above his head, no matter how hard he swims to stay above it. However, Andi has his own problems with the only difference between him and his brother that better hides them. He committed a fraud against his company and was heavily involved in the use of drugs to avoid his fears. The pressure of his life, and the lies he needs to maintain his performance, has now led him to think of fleeing from the land of Gin to begin again. Of course, like Hank, he needs money to do it, and he believes he knows how to get it. How? The robbery of the jewelry store that their parents possess and run. This act betrays the place where the brothers Hanson, their families and several other lives will be destroyed due to greed, pride and fear. Uniqueness Before the devil knows that you are dead is the way in which the story is told. After the robbery went wrong, and Nanette Hanson (Rosemary Harris), the mother of Andy and Hank, was murdered, the story was told from different points of view from various days before and after an attempted robbery. We learn more about motives not only of Andy and Hank, but also of the reaction of their father Charles (Albert Finnei) to the death of his wife. The relationship between Charles and his two sons, in particular Andy, was also researched and another possible motivation was discovered after it was discovered that there was little love between the two men. Perhaps her sons loved Nanette, but their father is another story. Philip Seimour Hoffman once again proves why he is today one of the most impressive actors in Hollywood displaying Annie as not only a greedy criminal with a lack of morality, but also, in a contradictory way, as a man we can sympathize with. Ethan Hawke also brings Hanka alive not only as a loser, but as a man who desperately wants to keep what he left behind. Andi and Hank are so revived in such a realistic way that they can easily be considered not only characters, but also very real pictures of lost and confused people who are now facing the consequences of their actions. Before the devil knows you are dead, it's a moral story about how our actions lead to consequences that we would otherwise not be able to face. More than that, our choices can also affect those around us in ways that we did not expect. In what was supposed to be the best picture of the year, we see how life can easily break when love for money becomes the ultimate quest to ease our troubled lives. In other words, there are no simple fixes or answers to our problems and an attempt to find them can only make things worse. 10/10
