I must admit that this is the type of film that I would otherwise avoid, but I rent it basically because of the stars. I certainly was not sorry. In fact, as you can see, I rated it with five stars. This film is a perfect combination of sharp directing and superb acting. Andi and Hank Hanson are the brothers who decide to commit the rampant crime of robbers jewelry to their parents. The crime goes terribly wrong - this starts the examination of three men in the Hanson family. Through a series of flashbacks, we met Charles Hanson and realized the tense relationship between father and sons. Younger brother, Hank is basically kidding. He always had problems with his work and mostly went in the direction of the wind. Hank is unsafe, cowardly and very much under the influence of his big brother. Ethan Havke has the character Hank "tied to T" and gives what he probably has his best performance so far. He shows us a man who is basically a good heart, but under the influence of external forces that is unable to fulfill any important task. Andi - on the surface - it seems to be a successful businessman, but soon we discover that he is a drug addict and has convinced his company to pay for his habit. Andi is the one who plans to rob his parents, and he gets a poor Hank to do the work. Philip Seimour Hoffman - surely one of the best actors of our time - plays Andy. Hoffman is an actor who has the ability to portray a man who is, on the surface, a charming businessman who loves his acquaintances, but the real slim ball below. He is absolutely perfect for the role of Andy or it could be said that, thanks to his cutting-edge acting skills, Andy made the perfect part. Albert Finnei plays a father who is common to his generation. Charles Hanson is not a bad or insensitive man, but has a bad relationship with his sons because he never really understood what is necessary in fostering a positive bond between his sons and himself. He was always too quick to criticize and warn. He always made it clear that his younger son favored his elder, which caused a wide emotional split between him and Andy. When we meet Charles and Andy, the idea of ​​Andy to make a plan to rob his father is becoming less unbelievable. father, and how much Andi and Hank reminded me of my brother and myself. Perhaps this is perhaps one of the reasons I enjoyed the film as much as this story about a distant, critical father, a successful older brother and a less successful younger brother who was so close to the house. Fortunately, my brother and I have never come to the state of committing crimes against my parents - I suppose we are made of harsh and moral things. Director, Sidney Lumet. At the age of eighty-three, he still has bumps to capture the audience with characters and action on the edge of the seat that hypnotizes. 12 Angri Men was his first film made fifty years before the devil knew you were dead, but he did not lose anything from his magical touch to show us characters that will be remembered for a long time. > Events and characters in the movie "Before the devil know you're dead" are rough and unattractive, and that's definitely not a good movie. However, these are two hours of top entertainment that I highly recommend.
