The full title of this film is' Can you be in the sky for half an hour before the devil knows you're dead, 're-formulating the old Irish toast' Let there be food and clothes, a soft headband; if you're 40 years old in the sky, before the devil knows you're dead. For the first time, screenwriter Kelly Masterson (with some modifications by director Sidney Lumetti) has invented a melodrama that explores how fragmented the family can become when external forces move members to an unimaginable extreme. In this film, the viewer is allowed to testify on a gradual, but almost complete family implication, through a much used but very sensible manipulation of flashback / flash forwarding technique of narration. Repeatedly offering different viewpoints to each of the characters about the central incidents that trigger this rather tedious story, we see all the players' motives in this case of a robbery that is very wrong. Andi Hanson (Philip Seimour Hoffman) is a rich executive power, married to Gina who is emotionally needed (Marisa Tomei) and addicted to expensive drugs. His life begins to fall apart and he needs money. Andy's young brother Hank (Ethan Havke) lives in ruins - divorced from his brutal wife, Martha (Ami Rian), lags in alimentation and maintenance of children, and lends everything he can from his friends, and he needs money. Andi proposes to the small retail store dealer, who promises safe and quick money for both. Glitch is that the story of jewelry belongs to male parents - Charles (Albert Finnei) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andi progresses with Hank in cash and agrees that Hank will do a real robbery, but even though Hank agrees with the plan "safe", he hires a friend to take on the real job while Hank plans to be the driver of the escape car. The robbery is terribly ruined when Nanette, who is applying for a regular officer, shoots at the robbery and is shot in a mess. This disaster reveals many secrets about the fragile relationships of the family and when Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their partners) have been brought to catastrophic goals with surprises at every step. Each of the actors in this powerful, yet emotionally sharp movie produces outstanding performances, and while we expected it from Hoffman, Havke, Tomeia, Finneia, Ryan and Harris, it's the wise hand of Sidney Lumet, who this film makes it so unforgettable. It's not easy to watch a movie, but it's a movie that allows some crafty performances that demand our respect, a movie that reminds us how frail the family can be. Builds Harp
