I must admit I suspected this film before I watched it. The main reason for this is that it is compared with the Hitchcock movie. I saw several films that were said to have been inspired by Hitchcock or who could make the "Master of Suspense" himself, but so far I have not seen any of these films that could endure the test time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a household that is too easy to use for the promotion of some (cheap) trillers, but on the other hand, I have to admit that I intrigued it because it is a European film. Usually they are big Hollywood studios who like to abuse Hitchcock's name if it can increase their income. But this film was shot in one of the most sinister European countries ever and I'm sure that most of the French would rather die than to admit that their films were inspired by the English. So I decided to try this film and I must say that I'm glad I did it. "Sur me levres" or "Read My Lips" as it's called in English, tells the story of a young secretary named Karla. She is a worthy and loyal worker, but her colleagues have never been very appreciated. This has much to do with the fact that it suffers from a lack of hearing, which made it impossible for it to climb the hierarchy of the company. But when she is allowed to hire a trainee who can work for her, all this changes. Paul Angeli is a 25-year-old and completely unskilled ex-prisoner. A man is a thief, but Karla gives him a chance and covers him when needed. He hopes to teach him how he should look like a normal life, but at the same time he is pulling with him in his old life ... Since I still believe that the name Hitchcock is used too often to describe very a good thriller - which this film definitely is - I will not make any comparison between the directors of Hickock and Jacques Audiard. The fact is that a man did a really good job with this movie. I have not heard of him before, but it is true that he knows how to build uncertainty and how to get you interested from the beginning to the end. It also has much to do with a very fine and original story. I doubt there is anyone in Hollivood who has ever come up with the idea of ​​using a handicapped woman in a powerful role, instead of making him a helpless subject of a violent husband (you know, a typical TV movie story). Br /> It's also worth noting the acting in this movie. Vincent Cassel is well known, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete mystery to me. Their role has absolutely nothing glamorous, but both have done a great job with their characters, making them feel very persuasive and realistic. Paul could have been an average guy from prison and Carla is a typically helpless woman, but thanks to their performances, you really believe that these are two strong people who have had a bad luck in life, but who will get the best out of themselves. All together. All in all, this is a powerful movie with a very fine script and great acting. Despite the fact that I suspected it, I soon became one of his biggest fans. I'm giving this movie 8/10. Do not hesitate to try.
