I'm starting to see a very consistent pattern in the 2007 movie's identity. If 2004 was a year of biography, and in 2005 it was a year of political films, in 2007 it can be identified as a year with a large number of moral stories, films that display, test, challenge and question human morality and motives that lead us Do some things. Although this identification is quite wide, I think this year, a lot of films have been published, such as 3:10 To Iuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangster, No Countri for Old Men and others who specifically question and study the human morality and motives that lead us to acts such as violence or betrayal. Before the devil knows you are dead, it's a cunning stylish story of morality and pretty dark, gloomy and depressing. And even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classic directing forces of our time, the legendary Sydney Lumet, which many have said has passed its peak, but returns to full power with this malicious rich criminal thriller. It is one of those films whose features are so dense that we are reluctant to deal with details. It is the best-selling movie if it is entered without any prior knowledge of the events that will take place, because there are contours. But a fat and richly complicated action is not at the heart of this film; the true focus, as I mentioned, is the story of morality; the motives that these two men lead to actions that work in the film. In a shop structured as a combination of the filmography of both Broen Coen (namely Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantin, we see two men under various suspicious circumstances in order to perform a fairly simple crime that goes unbelievably, ridiculously wrong, and restores it with full force and inevitable tragedy. In order to make everything even more interesting, the film is told in a fragmented chronology that constantly monitors and displays a series of events that follow each other's different character and always ends where it lasted the last time. Scenario, sharp, dense and uncertain, screenplay Kelly Masterson is surprisingly sharp and well rounded, especially because he is a debuting scenario. But the movie has a lot more to do with it than just that it's spooky and malicious and pretty depressing. First and foremost, the image looks and feels extremely good. During his career, Sidney Lumet consistently used an interesting style of cinema and lighting: at the same time he was both natural and modern. The film carries with it a distinctive style and class, with a beautiful natural light that looks really great. Editing is superb; combining the sizzling drama-thriller aspect with long, long recordings that really take time to show action accordingly. And vibrant, dynamic camera angles and movements additionally contribute to style. The film is also supported by the fantastic juicy musical piece Carter Burvell. The script works its part, and of course Lumet is doing his part, but in the drama center of the film are three masters actors who deliver incredibly good performance. First and foremost, there are two traces. The lead package is Philip Seimour Hoffman, who has always been an excellent actor, but has encountered the newly discovered status of the leading man after his unnaturally fantastic Oscar in Capote. His order in this film is fascinating: severely damaged, broken, manic. Hofman has truly intense scenes in the movie that really allow his full dramatic anger to appear, not just his subtlety and wit. On his side is Ethan Havke, who has performed some fantastic performances in many films that are almost always in the shadow of larger, bright actors. Here, he refuses Hoffmann and complements him so incredibly well; All in all, the dynamic acting between them is so fantastic and convincing that the audience is quickly lost in the characters and forgets to watch the actors. And there's Albert Finnei. Such a gig, a rich minor role such as the one sought by a veteran professional, and here Finnei delivers its best performance in many years as a tragically obsessed father of two brothers who are caught in crime. I love how to play the dynamics between them three. I like Hoffman's obviously dominant brother and shamelessly picking up his younger brother even now when they are middle-aged men; In addition, it is clear that Finney's father favors Havke's younger, weaker brother. Also on the subject of actors, two supportive female characters? wife of the brothers? also have fantastic performances by Ami Rian and Marisa Tomei, whose look looks better and better for years. This film is not revolutionary. These themes and this style have already been explored by people like Brothers Coen, and it's very easy to imagine directing this film. But for a movie that is famous for its famous field, it simply stands out. Lumet uses his enormous directing talent and uses his unique and very subtle ironic and stylish to Masterson's brilliant, intense and morbidly depressing scenario. The main performances are incredibly intense and the film contains absolutely fantastic shifts from Hoffman, Havke and Finney; but the biggest wonder of the film is that three years after he won the Oscars for Lifetime Achievement, which was regarded as the ultimate sign of retirement in the film business, Sidney Lumet proves he still has a huge talent to deliver a really wonderful, resonant, intense piece of film that reminiscent of his golden years.
