Sidney Lumet did not hit the twenty years, yet in 83 he succeeded in releasing a solid, well-thrown, tense thriller set in his old New York stamp field. (How it got insurance, let alone the budget after all these failures, is also a mystery). The story is pretty gloomy, and the characters are not particularly nice, but they kept me on the edge of my seat to the last scene. Two brothers with urgent financial problems are convinced that they rob a suburban jewelry store. owned by their old parents. The only victim will be an insurance company. The robbery goes wrong and two people are dying. Most movies deal with the consequences. Action is non-linear and visible from different viewpoints of the protagonist, but it is not difficult to follow. What's not so easy to do is a story behind your back? How did the brothers get into a mess? Are there traces? the younger brother who is the baby in the family is his father's favorite, while the older brother looks to bear a lot of luggage about his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but it hardly explains that he has become a killer who killed heroin. Charming older brother, corpulent Philip Seimour Hoffman dominates the film, but Ethan Havke is well supported by him as his maltreated, inadequate younger brother. Albert Finnei as their father seems to be in a constant state of anger, but then the script requires. Marisa Tomei, as the wife of an elderly brother who is cheating at the age of 42, puts the most sexiest show I have seen for many years. The film literally starts with a scratch, but we are very quickly out of this comfort zone. I do not know the source of this story for the first time by screenwriter Kelly Masterton, but I doubt it is like Lumita's great movie from the 70's "Dog Dai Afternoon" is based on the fact ?? it's too stupid to be untrue. Lumet is just the last of those immensely diverse directors of the old masters of studies who managed to direct almost everything that was put before them at a tremendous speed. Thus, some great films have been produced, as are some classic turkeys. This is not a classic of any kind? It's a well-made piece of fun. It will probably leave you feeling happy that you are not a member of the family as dysfunctional like this, but you still wonder how they got to it. We know that the parents were happy, but we see so few mothers and so little we hear about her that it is impossible to raise her relationship with the boys. (There is a daughter whose presence is superfluous). Well, as Tolstoy, we must conclude that "every unfortunate family is unhappy in its own way."
