What an extraordinary crime thrill !! My wife and I saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival last week and it was by far the best film at an extremely strong festival. It's already my second favorite ever since DR. STRANGELE and I was definitely on the emotional plane as I walked home and talked about a movie with my wife. A synopsis that I feel comfortable sharing is that the two brothers, played by Phillip Seimour Hoffman and Ethan Havke, are planning to rob the jewelry store in Westchester, Nev. The film goes back and forth in about two weeks (before, during, and after the robbery), and one key scene is repeated at least three times. Usually this could disturb the momentum of the film, but this never happens during this masterpiece. Excitement, tension, and even the quality of the acting seemed only better as the movie progressed. In the end, I was on the edge of my seat, breathless, waiting to see how this would end. I know that I used several clichés in this post, but I literally was on the edge of my seat. It should be noted that the non-linear story is very easy to follow. This is not a movie where you will hear members of the audience asking a friend to explain the plot during the film. The acting is absolutely brilliant versatile, and I doubt I would have the same admiration for the movie, if casting was not so perfect. There are few objections that Hofman and Hook do not look like brothers, but it's a little confusion that I can easily overlook. Hoffman was at his best, and some of his scenes with Havke were positive. Marisa Tomei (like Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (like Hoffman & Havke's father) are also very good at supporting the role. Even some humorous performances were so impressive that I can still remember all the remarks, gestures and facial expressions of Brian O'Birne and Michael Shannon ?? Absolute perfection. The scene of robbery was considered more authentic than any other scene of the movie looting I've ever seen, and I had the same sense of authenticity in most of the scenes, especially those with Hofman. Music helped to increase tension throughout the film, often the same notes played very efficiently. The next day I played in my head, even while I was sitting through other films. In addition to the minor objection at the beginning of this paragraph, there was one complication that was somewhat incredible (a big spoiler, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is pretty close to perfection. At the festival there were about a dozen great films that I would enjoy watching the other way, but BEFORE YOU KNOW that you are dead in the league for yourself. In addition to the film, director Sidney Lumet spoke before the film and presented Marisa Tomei and Ethan Havka on stage. Thomas did not speak and acted a bit shy, so Lumet asked: "Can you believe that someone so beautiful can be so shy?" This comment is pretty ironic with regard to the graphic starting scene !!
