Two of the dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seimour Hoffman and Ethan Havke) are tired of the competition for those who are bigger and whom dad loves Albert Finnei, so they haul out a hairstyle to rob mom and dad of jewelry so they can clear their debts and start to be fresh. It sounds like an excellent plan, except that it's a melodrama in the 1970s style of robbery, and the boy, do things really go wrong for our unhappy twins and everyone involved. Accidentally designed by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and classically performed by director Sidney Lumet, "Before the devil knows you're dead" he uses robberies like McGuffin to get into deep family drama. Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At 83, he seems to have made an agreement with the Devil to deliver another great film. Lumet was in the late seventies with films such as "Dog Dai Afternoon", "Serpico" and one of my favorite films of all time, "Netvork." Somehow he managed to make a movie that carries all the hallmarks of his classics, while interwoven with some more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and playing with time frames and POVs) into a crackling, lively, lean, provocative and provocative melodrama. We can only hope that some of the modern giants (like Scorsese or Spielberg) who appeared in the same decade of Lumet at the top of their game, will have so much chutzpaha when they reach that age. Lumet is a master in directing people who walk through the spaces to create tension and develop characters. As actors pass through finely set up offices and apartments in Manhattan, his slowly moving camera creates a tangible feeling of upset, because we never know who could be around the next corner or what the person could do in the next room. It's also amazing how Lumet uses multiple POVs and changes in the timeframe. The coherent and classical presentation he uses makes similarly structured films of vunderkinds that Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu look like an amateur clock. Naturally, what Lumet best is to direct the marvelous acting ansamble and to deceive them acting in the circle of your life. Philip Seimour Hoffman has never been, and probably will never be, better than him. Albert Finnei is a quietly vaporized view of a father who is released and at the end of his rope is a masterpiece to be watched. Ethan Hawke, otherwise inconspicuous handsome boy, is perfect as an emotionally enriched younger brother who has long glided on his charm and appearance. Depression strikes, however, a series of scenes between Hoffman and Marise Tomei, creepy at the scene as his thirsty trophy wife. Lumet leads them through a gamble of emotions that culminate in a scene that is the best of this kind since Villiam Holden pronounced Beatrice Straight right into the Oscars for Best Supporting Actress in the "Network". The devil of any great movie is in detail, from the tape of Alberto Finney in the trunk of his car that will not be closed due to the faded, to the appearance of Ami Rian (fresh from her incredible turnaround) "Gone Babi Gone") gives her ex-wife Ethan Havke on her cat promising to his little girl all three know they will not keep, until the systematic dissolution of the family on the skates, to the dialogue asking for the cultists to quote it (my favorite line is urgently threatening "Do you mind if I call you Chiko?") to a great result Carter Burwell. "Before the devil knows you're dead," the movie is a year. If something appears in the best way, then we know that several more deals have been agreed with the Old Scratch.
