When John Singleton is on, he is on * !! And this is one of his better movies. Not as firmly as Boiz-n-the-Hood, but close to him (and with more of the same actors). This film was very well written, very well composed, and very well recorded. There is very little criticism, and most of my complaints are superficial (eg: where did Fudge get the money for 6 years of college and many expensive things? Without mentioning the rich background ... And why Professor Fibs Professor of his stature * should have one ... And while we're on it, for an engineering student, a peasant or not, Remy is a pretty stupid figure - I think he would have a little more on the path of basic intelligence - he speaks and acts like a complete cunning. But, Moreover, the film was very sharp. A good set of signs and points of view, and Singleton does not take sides in the story - m ogi characters are unfeeling, and he works well to compare the Panthers and Supremacist scenes to show craziness on both sides. Many cinemas were great; I especially liked the scene in which Kirsty Swanson was intimate with Tarin and Vaine, each scene is well merged. Also, the scenes of Malik / Deja are also well recorded. Dialogue was sometimes a bit more, this film tended to appear occasionally *, and also has a tendency to check the points he has made over his head when points are equally clear without this features (we really did not need the American flag) to "unlearn" typed on it, give a little credit, we are not morons ...). And on top of all, although * most * Singleton uses a melodrama fairly well, sometimes it gets * way * too cheezi (like Deine's death, which is fine until she screams 'WHY !!!' which simply destroyed the whole effect and the scene) . But acting was generally at the top of the line. The incredible performances of Omar Epps (perhaps the best I ever saw), Kirsty Swanson (who knew that Buffy could play?), Michael Rapaport (he surprised me ... after true romance and beautiful girls, even though I was an actor) and of course Ice Cube and Laurence Fishburne are always outstanding. Dovnside? Jennifer Connelly was straight; although this is not entirely her fault: her role was stereotyped and one-dimensional. Generally to the highest degree. And Tira Banks, who played this role, was nothing terrible. She sneered and sneezed and sneezed. Another in the long line of models - actors who have failed (although there are several who prove the exception to this rule). Finally, sound recording! Wow! An incredible soundtrack (which is certainly worth buying!) Which suits the movie as a glove. Each scene has a double track (although Tori Amos songs have begun * to disturb me to the end ... not her best work). Liz Phair, Rage Against the Machine, Ice Cube ... how can you make a mistake? All in all: a really good watch, a really strong actor, an excellent script, a great movie. 8/10.
