French directors continue to dazzle with their extraordinary ability to simulate the scenes and sounds of everyday life in the suburbs. This was apparent with the release of L'Emploi du Temps (Time Out) in early 2002, a brilliant study of the downsizing of working time into melancholy after being fired. As the tendency of French filmmakers, many of the scenes were shot on real streets and in public places, giving cinema verite feel for the story, but L'emploi du temps also possessed an elegant look thanks to the excellent work with cameras and some stunning shots location. (the most important Swiss mountain holiday). Another majestic French production comes to the right of this masterpiece, the Jackues Audiard brave criminal, Sur me levres (Read My Lips). In fact, to flag this film as a criminal, it's a bad service because it's much more than that. As with the earlier French edition, it is a study of the characteristic characteristics of marginal people who use their brains to advance in the society that turned their backs on them. In a Paris construction firm, Carla, a shy, deadly young woman sits at her desk, taking away office space that is the main road to kerosks machines and entrances. Annoying associates use the front part. Carlin's desk to talk and drop half your cups of styrofoam coffee. Partly deaf, Karla turns her hearing instruments as desired, if the noise becomes disturbing, whether it's a paper copier or a sharp cry of a friend. When the boss calls in the office to suggest that she hire a secretary to help her work, Carla feared that she might lose her job. In the employment office, Carla lists the specifications she wants for her assistant (preferably a man) as if she is in the Personnel Agency. He should have 25 years and be clean, with extensive computer skills and skills. When the agency sends an unwelcome, threatening young man, Carla is shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and dine at a local restaurant, where Carla interviews her future assistant. When he finds out he just got out of jail, Carla initially does not want to have anything to do with Paul, but he has a heart change and engages him. Though basically kind to her helper, Carla is now in the position of authority and has a newly developed sense of power. Paul teaches quickly and becomes a capable worker. Karla Semi helps to find a temporary place to live, even covering for him when his probation officer to appear one day in the office wondering why Paul missed a meeting. During one of the lunch breaks, Carla informs Paul of her lack of hearing and reveals her ability to read her lips. Later, when the greedy associate apparently took over the project on which Carla worked, angry Carla asks Paul's help in seeking revenge for that man. From here in Sur Mourning, the increasingly intense crime drama that escalates into some of the hottest graphic scenes shown on the screen in recent years. The script borrowed elements from Hitchcock, the most interesting of which is REAR WINDOWS, where Carlin talent for reading lips enters a full game using binoculars. There are two amazing, again-again sexual attraction between the two protagonists, which culminates in a rather strange respect for the north from SJEVEROPASA, but it works because of significant sexual heat that slowly builds between the two stars. That's what we said, what carries this film is not so much resemblance to classic Hitchcock thrillers, although these elements are definitely present but ubiquitous view of a modern city (in this case, Paris) where life leads gamut from everyday working days to drunk , a lively nightlife, where sex, drugs and money laundering infiltrate into the lives of several characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a psychological suspense in which people look like everyday man and woman on the street, where a blow to the face or groin sounds like a painful blow, and where office space for fear. Hitchcock is with gloves.
