First, the time period in which this film was made in 1995 should be taken into account. There were rappers in it, and this was added by the frenzy. Remy was a socially awkward teenager who was trying to find his own and could not, until he met with the Nazis. The Nazis are not all clumsy in this, but like most gangs, they fill the gap that lacks, whether it's economic, social, emotional, anything. Michael Rappaport perfectly played the role. Omar Epps was a hot-air star, with questionable work ethics and a chip on the shoulder. He was trying to pacify himself and his troubles, and his girlfriend and professor straightened him. Kristen was a young whore who was trying to find her and tried to fit in, until she was raped. Then she found her experiment with her sexuality, and she became politically involved. This film deals with racism and like most racism, people have their own perspective. I read so many comments about how there were no 'evil' black characters, but there were evil whites (the Nazis). So what? Remy was not shown as an evil at all, he was trying to find his way, and he was constantly down until he was accepted by some skinheads. He was scared, it was sad to see him transmitting as he did. He even says before he kills himself, I did not mean it, I wanted to be an engineer. Ice Cube and Busta Rhimes were angry blacks, Ice Cube was something intellectual, and Busta Rhimes was just shown as a stupid bandit. Both did not show any attention to their roommates and generally do not seem to like many white people. They were angry as Nazis, but not at the level of the Nazis in terms of a general bad state. I'm sorry if this makes it unjust, but are there really black groups like the Nazis? Not. People say it shows white = -bad black = good. It is not true, the only bad white characters were the Nazis and the police, which is more or less the truth in real life. Kristen was a good girl, her boyfriend (omar epps roommate) was a good guy, and even Remy was a good guy, he was just wrong. Omar Epps, Ice Cube and Busta were seriously defective characters, angry and inattentive. Although their constant bullying by the police seemed to justify their anger. Removing the inability to fit seems to justify his anger. Good film, well done. Like all movies dealing with racism, it's a great piece to start a discussion. I think Cube and Busta could not beat this Nazi.
