What the 60s film truly represents (for us, which we at that time devoured in the abdomen of America) is the turbulence and diversity of the decade. Despite the excessive, stereotyped characters, the originality of the question remains clear. Not only are these radical times of change, but also very confusing times. Two basic things have changed our world: the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the enormous influence of the media. These two new freedoms began the social changes that soon became institutionalized. From the chaos came sensitivity, the clutter came to values. Keep in mind, however, that most Americans were not involved in this ... they worked, played, watched news ... and slowly became subject to efforts and struggles of minorities ... Civil rights workers, political activists, anti-war efforts, war against poverty .... Presentation of the power of the press and television, in particular, was well reflected, although the conflict between the public attitudes and those who want to change things are at best ignored ... and in worst case, misrepresented .. Americans of middle class did not all stand around angry o holding a baseball bat, or giving up their unbelieving daughters. And they were confused. Let's not forget that folk singers suddenly became protest singers, and how The Beatles began an attack that killed the Folk-Protest Movement. In the film, there are no Beatles songs, and even no mention of them. I think that if you did not live a decade, you might not have a sense of what the movie is about, the picture is a bit blurry. At one point I kept a steady job while my sister lived in Hog ​​Farm's commune and went to Voodstock. At the second moment I was in Haight Asburi and in Detroit unrest as she worked and played housekeeper in Maine and Connecticut. The roles are constantly changing. The film shows three brothers and sisters from the middle class family. They represent a hippie child, a political activist and active military personnel. Dad presents typical attitudes, and Mom is the voice of reason, tolerance, and sometimes compromise ... for peace. Black family make minister and his son ... disproportionate, I think. I suppose the producers knew all the variables and had to meet the limitations, otherwise the film would become a long, boring, documentary film. Dad ordered that anger produce bitterness, and bitterness produces chaos. It was a clear message addressed to today's youth. We look at a unique solution to social problems, as well as how to separate us from issues ... The sixties were unusual in this way, and that's just 20s compare. In other words, this film still has morale. In the end, our collective individualism survives. Put it in your oxymoron sheet. All of them were 60 years old God, Guru or free spirit. It was a time of magic and insanity. No one will knock him out at the age of 60 ... he was too diverse (this movie is close). At least we can say that we are not ashamed of it, that we have learned from it and that we have grown, and that once, the generation has shaped and changed America ... for the better.
