"Blob" qualifies as a cult sci-fi movie not only because it started the 27-year-old Steve McKueen on the path to superstars, but also because he used popular themes and aliens invasion and delinquency of teenagers that were inseparable in the 1950s. It is interesting that no one in the scenario of Kai Linaker and Theodore Simonson never talks about the amorphous, red-red protoplasm that fell on Earth in a meteor and jeopardized everything in the small town of Dovningtown on Friday night as "Blob". Steve McKueen won the role of Josh Randall, an old West Bounty hunter in Vanted: Dead or Alive, after producer Dick Povell saw this edition of Paramount Pictures. In the meantime, McKueen's attractive girlfriend Aneta Corsaut performed with Andy Griffith in "The Andi Griffith Shov" as school teacher Tailor Helen Crump. Of course, neither McKueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but rarely when teenagers played real teenagers. Director Irvin S. Ieavorth, Jr., recorded his direct debut with "The Blob". Linaker & Simonson's script synthesized four genres: first, an alien invasion; second, teenage delinquency; third, the murder mystery, and the fourth; horror chiller. Moreover, although the gelatinous substance has different forms, it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the same name Jell-O does not speak or communicate with telepathy. Instead, he kills without a doubt and discriminates against anyone. The "Blob" tone is quite serious despite its somewhat natural nature. While film authors accentuate the release of DVD's "Blob" DVD, the film opens unusually for the scientific work of the fi horror thriller with our hero and heroin in a remote rural location that makes and kisses. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McKueen) see a huge meteor that falls on the ground and take it to find it. In the meantime, the old man finds a meteor and penetrates it with a stick. The meteor is cracked, and the slender pile of trees is held by the stick. When the old timer (Olin Hovland of Paleface) looks better, the tire is clinging to his hand. The old guy runs screaming from the crater and Steve almost hits his scarf. Steve and Jane choose a guy and lead him to see Dr. Hallen in the city. Hallen is ready to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old man to his office. Halen calls the nurse to come back because she may have to make amputation. Of course, Hallen never saw anything like a substance on the man's forearm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes run into another group of teenagers who mock Steve's fast drive. Steve is misleading him in a collision course, but Dave (Earl Rove), the local police officer, is kicking him out of the hook. Steve and teenagers visit the site of meteors and find hot meteorites. After visiting the old man's house and rescuing the dog, the teenagers split into a ghostly movie late at night, while Steve and Jane returned to the office of Dr. Hallen. During the transitional period, the lump completely absorbed the old girl, killed Hallen's sister and attacked the doctor. No acid that is thrown on the protoplasm nor Hallen's shotgun has any effect on the lump. Steve saw Hallen absorbing. When Steve and Jane go to the police department to report the incident, Dave is sincerely suspicious, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) believes it's a joke. Bert has an ax to mingle with teenagers because his wife died when he hit her car. Steve and Jane took them to Hallen's office, but I can not find either hiding any hair from anyone, but Dave admits that the office is vandalized. Against Sgt. Bert's advice, Dave turns teenagers into his parents. Only after Steve and Jane deceived their people to believe that they slept in bed rather than dare again. They drove to the city and saw the dog of an old man who ran away from them in front of the supermarket. When they go to bring the jouche, Steve moves in front of the electric door of the store and opens. They do not find anyone inside, but they face the stain. Steve and Jane are hiding in the freezer, and blob does not attack them. Later, after escaping, Steve assured the teenagers who challenged him in a street race to warn the authorities because he should be home in bed. Chief of Police Dave and firefighters arrive at the supermarket. Steve is trying to convince Dave that the stain is in the store. Approximately at that time, the blob kills a theater projection and attacks movie viewers. Suddenly, the hordes of people leave the theater and Dave trusts Steve. Steve and Jane end up on a lunch counter that attacks. The owner and our heroes are opening in the basement and Steve finds that the fire extinguisher with its freezing content forces the clump to retreat. . The Pentagon sends a team to transport the lump to the North Pole. While the remains of the lumps go down to the polar ice pack, in the end there is a credit with a ghostly gigantic questionnaire. Продюсер Джеймс Б. Harris received military photographs of the Globe military transport plane, who laid down the parachute and his cargo. the film added a momentum. If you are not a minor, this little horror movie is not at all terrifying, but Iewartth and his scriptwriters create enough amount of paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show that the blob actually assimilates its victims and leaves it to your imagination, so "The Blob" is not without a bit of subtlety.
