I watched this a few years ago on an already absent Sicilian TV channel; Incredibly, the film appeared as a heavy DVD from the criteria: it was not sure what I initially did (despite having achieved cult status for years, and the achievement is clearly seen with modesty even by the genre), not to buy it? as I did with a similar and, for me, an unknown FIEND without a face (1958). Recently, however, I managed to get the BLOB over a copy of the Spanish DVD, which, interestingly, transmitted two audio comments from the "Special Edition" criterion ?? but, unfortunately, I could not turn off the Spanish subtitle during playback of the main function! Anyway, watching the movie again, I was surprised how much I enjoyed (despite many narrative flaws, which I will come later) ?? as a pure example of the school's "B-film" (atypically taken in pleasant colors) and weather capsules that illustrate social attitudes from the late 1950s. The male trail was an early role for Steve (n) McKueen and, although the actor could later view it with contempt, his only contribution to the genre proved to be quite interesting: he was not nervous about minor punches, but still essentially decent (and more importantly, altruistic) kid. The special effects that show the slim and growing creature are not so bad of its kind and period; Does the film itself rise to a good climax? starting with the invasion of the monsters on the cinema (shown by ĆUKA HORRORA [1953/7] as I recently mentioned in the review of this film, but curiously portrayed as "mirrored" and which sequence, incidentally, would appear at the opening of the satirical program in fact called "Blob"!). As far as I'm concerned, less of the small things I have with the film: the monster is not shown traveling? it only appears in various places, never sees them! there is confusing excessive emphasis (equivalent padding) in child scratches with the police; is it stupid that a city doctor shoots Blob? as if the fluid, regardless of its proportion, could be destroyed by the bullets! it's equally meaningless that teenagers warn residents about the dangers of door-to-door visits (especially when considering that at that stage only McKueen actually saw the monster in action)! Inferior sequel was created in 1972 by the name BEVARE THE BLOB! The original was then changed in 1988? I watched it recently, but it does not seem to have left a lasting impression on me (although I know Micheal Elliott likes it). For recording, I'll watch this watching with two more co-operations between director Ieavortha and producer Jack H. Harris, and this 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
