BLOB is a great horor film, not only because of the vivid pictures of its almost unstoppable headline that melts the flesh, but because it contains the right social message. This is, in many ways, a "horror movie" a good feeling. "A romantic story is immensely helpful in the solid performance of the entire film.The two romantic trails, Steve McKueen and Aneta Corsaut, bring a surprising depth and sentiment to the process. people, and it's very easy to catch them. This is a movie that promotes the company and its juvenile delinquent characters cause problems mainly from boredom, not because of boredom, some malicious defects. -cracking almost looks like an enemy early in the process, but quickly joined McKueen's campaign to save the city from the attackers who come out when he sees McKueen's seriousness. In this way, the situation of a character that at first glance looks like a cartoon suddenly develops depth and human realism. </ The incipient skepticism of the authorities regarding the wild claims of children is wrong - and when the threat is recognized by all, the entire clash within society disappears. This unification of purpose, and the validation of "problematic" teenagers, becomes official when Father Aneta Corsaut enters school as would be with through fire extinguishers required for freezing Blob. Every other day, breaking into school would be considered an act of vandalism typical of a juvenile delinquent - in this particular day, it is a necessary act done by an adult. At this turning point, it is clear that there are no lines of division between young and old. This is an unusual movie in that it recognizes the perception of the "generation gap," but suggests that it is more imaginary than real, and when the real crisis is taken into account, people will naturally join in order to establish order . "The Blob" is the perfect tonic for the kind of depression that usually comes with watching "Night of the Living Dead" (1968). Much is made of cheap but innovative film (and effective!) visual effects. They are undoubtedly smart. Many tricks that defy gravity that we see in Blob are achieved with miniature sets that are designed to rotate. The camera was typically attached to the sets in a very firm position (the lights had to be similarly attached so that the lighting remained calm while the room was facing this way and so). These scenes were often photographed in one frame, and the room slowly rotated - the silicone blob quickly rang and needed to accelerate its action. In a way, this was similar to a stop photo, but it used a silicone lump, rather than an articulated doll. Even today, the effects are astounding and bizarre. Very good movie titled Exploit Sound, BLOB is inevitable.
