Movies such as Chocolat, Beau Travail and others have launched French director Claire Denis into the top echelon of the most respected and most accomplished filmmakers in the world, and her film The Intruder (L'Intrus) of 2004. A film that transmits the mood of loneliness and loss, a film provides an insight into the psyche of a man who physically and mentally deteriorates and travels to different parts of the world seeking redemption and peace, but it is difficult to come to him. Easily based on Jean-Luc Nancy's memoir on heart transplantation, the intruder is a film of such an unstoppable opacity that even after two reviews it is difficult to describe it differently than subjective, impressionistic terms. Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a seventeen-year-old man who is probably dying of heart disease and who, like the wild bachelor professor Ingmar Bergman, is trying to reconcile with the mistakes of his life while he has time. It is clear that it is physically robust and very rich, but it looks emotionally exhausted and the expression on his face is one of the silent resignations. Although we see only one episode of violence, where it comes out of bed in the middle of the night to kill the intruder, there is a vicious sense in it. He can be an intelligence agent, a foreign agent, or a murderer. In any case, he is obviously under some sort of supervision and behaves like a man who is involved in criminal actions and can only now see the consequences. Close-up faces in the film create a strong feeling of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a cottage on the Jura Mountain near the French-Swiss border and has an alienated son, Gregoire Collin, who for a long time ignored him. Sidney lives near with her husband Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In one story, he meets his father on the street and calls him a madman, but that does not stop him from taking his money. When the film opens, we will meet Antoinette, Swiss. a border guard, boarding a van with a trained dog to pull out some goods. When she returns home, her husband is waiting for her, who asks her-in-the-face if she has "what to say?" Apart from these three people, the people and the circumstances we see during the rest of the film can exist only in Louis's imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we all meet them in the first half hour of the movie: a Bamboo preparing her medicine, a neighbor (Beatrice Dalle) who is a dog breeder who refuses to take care of his dogs when he goes on his way says that they are as crazy as he, and a young Russian organ dealer (Katia Golubeva) whom he says he wants a "young man's heart". throughout the film, but it is obvious only in his mind. In the final part of the film, Louis travels to South Korea in search of heart transplants and Tahiti to give a gift to another son, whom he has not seen for many years or may have never seen. His heart transplant, however, seems to be a metaphor for a man without heart, a man whose life was fascinating, but ultimately without disturbance, falling into the lives of other people with little empathy. The Intruder contains thunderous music from Stuart Staples from the Tindersticks group, which resembles the guitar riff in Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man, and the magnificent cinema of Denise's regular Agnes Godard. Godard creates unforgettable images that transmit unforgettable images of the mood of longing and regret: the heart hits only in the snow, a child in a belt that watches his father for two minutes, the expression of the baby's face gradually turns from the dark to the half-smile, colored tapes blow out of a recently baptized ship, a massage in the dark room of a mysterious Korean masseuse and a huge oceanic sea seen from the ship's deck. While the intruder can be frustrating due to his elliptical nature, Denis forces us to respond from our own experience, to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is a topic, the opening can find a hint that tells us what is revealed in the film - "Your worst enemies are hiding, in the shadow, in your heart."
