My thoughts on this, at our local festival where people would often see me, considered me a better source than I actually was, I began shaking my head: "Well, I can not summarize the plot, but it's really a superb study of the character an extremely terrible man. "Then, a bit shameful, I encountered someone who actually knew what had descended, that is, from whom Trebor unconsciously gets his new heart. It was my last film in a long, long day at half-time. Perhaps I was catching up. The better the film is, the more likely it will cause the dreams that really make me dream. I do not know. I knew that O'Henry ran achingly just outside my hen while things were over. And he knew that he had something to do with his heart, hence a quiet hilarious search for talents. My remark about the loss of the action had more to do with the intricacy of Treboro's relationship in France, his attitude towards the dog, and so on, which was why I was awake. Denis barely looks at the details that could anchor the treatment of another director. But I often write these things from memories, especially festival films, movies that I do not have on DVD (La Lait de la) tendresse humaine is one of many examples.), and the forgeries of the curve phase much faster than the wider impressions. Yet, or already, L'Inrus in my memory is above all else, as studying the character of a kind of superman on the dark side, a super beast that is not included in a genre or historical trapezoid but is active and acceptable, relatively quiet, guided or patient, just between us. The scar, when it reaches it, makes it only visually, to the image, a kind of hybrid Frankenstein's monster, crazy doctor, and creation all in one. Doctors are his tools. If it does not pull out and install the heart, it's just because it's not possible. He is a force, always a parasite that consumes all who touches and ends up alone. What else is he? To suggest that he, our First World Against the Third, seems too simple, because he does not feed anything less about his colleagues to the First Worlds, of all of us. Denis's eye around the camera - when looking at the things I know - she goes usually to where she is, so I believe her when she sees things I do not know. Snow trekking, too fast cycling, and forest darkness I knew in small ways, but South Seas did not at all, so I made a better entry to L'Intrus, and France and its crystalline islands end up, rather than Beau \ 's Travail. L'Intrus, for me, is a very pleasant discomforting movie. It is a series of well-known places, intimacy that allows us to know whether we have seen reality or not. One painting, Trebora bicycling, its massive weight on a thin racing frame, sounds of disturbed air and tire screaming, asphalt strip, dark-light-sunny evergreen, led me to make the film a linear, road trip, a unique thrust on the will . Despite the personal power of Trebor, he is a human failure. No matter who he is, he is alone, although apparently he has not always been. His body interrupts life twice, first he needs a new heart, and in spite of that. L'Intrus is a tragedy. Trebor is a hubris. Dangerous I'm moving through the thread of what I remember. Let's leave it to this.
