"The intruder (L'Intrus)" is a visual pilgrimage through mysterious life. Grizzly Michel Subor plays "Louis Trebor" as Jason Bourne as an old man with a hidden past, lives only in an isolated cabin in the forest for justified paranoid reasons (but attracts pretty young women who can be helpful). We learn more about him through dreams, flashbacks, and travel that can happen chronologically or not, as well as through his harsh interactions with family, lovers, business associates and a striking enemy. Like "The Limei", the film resonates with a parent / child regret and a dubious past published through clips from an old movie with the same actor as a young man (here Paul Gegauff's 1965 adventure movie "Le Reflux"). In complete contrast to the mood, we meet his son, Sidney (Gregoire Colin), who must be the sexiest housewife in the world, because he sweetly and seductively performs house repairs and takes care of the baby, the little child and every working woman . It must have been made by the director / co-writer Claire Denis as a female fantasy if there ever was one lesson for other film makers about the recording of foreplay. There is another enlarged scene in which he seeks his father in the woods while carefully carrying his angelic baby in his purse. He is all his father is not and has every relationship his father is unable to sustain; No wonder he thinks his father is a "madman". I spent the rest of the film in fear that something bad would happen to him because the true nature of the heart of his alienated father gradually took place before our eyes. The film is a mystery, but Subor is mercilessly fascinating as we watch him go through the countries and negotiate dishonest jobs, and the voice narrative for Denis's "Beau Travail" is anyway boring. We must understand from the skilas and random signs that he travels to Geneva, Korea, and the South Pacific. Time passes marked by changing seasons and creating scars and healing. There are many images of water for cleaning and distancing. Continuing his fascination with the morphing of colonialism into globalization, as well as playing on the stereotypes of Mysterious Orient and Russian criminals, Denis incorporated the elements of Robert Louis Stevenson, Paul Gauguin and Tahitian Marlon Brand idyll and memoirs of 40 pages of French philosopher Jean-Louis Nancy, and heart transplant particles used for the ironic subject of limited immortality with consequences. While "Louis" thinks he has managed to be above the boundaries, rules and morals, in the last act there is some fun because local residents do not know what to do with him and try to help him to solve his donut odyssey, even when she is again in isolation. Several people in the audience went frustrated for the elliptical, but strikingly beautiful, methods of storytelling. An unconventional story raises many questions about the details.
