Sammo Hungov movie from 1989, Pedicab Driver is considered by many to be his masterpiece. I have to agree to a certain extent, because the film in its largest parts really gets amazing and fantastic like any Hong Kong movie. It's a combination of fairly good and well-written drama, interesting and sympathetic (and non-sympathetic) characters, some sincerely funny humor and a truly over-the-top hyper kung fu that is guaranteed that many jaws will fall when someone is not familiar with Hong Kong watches the movie as well as the experienced enthusiasts of the unique industry. Sammo and Mak Mok Siu Chung play two pedigree drivers who live in Hong Kong in the middle part of the last century, I think. He drives his cab and desperately seeks love. Sammo is interested in the local bakery girl Ping (Nina Li Chi), while Mak one day meets the mysterious and beautiful Fennie Iuen Kit-Iing, which she falls in love with. Many other characters also get familiarized, and they remain pretty clear all the time, if the viewer really concentrates on the film and his action, so I can not say that the film is confusing because it could be much worse, especially in Hong Kong! We will soon learn, for example, that a relentless gangster family terrorizes the neighborhood and, of course, their violent acts also affect our protagonists, so a premise has been created for some of the most unlikely choreographed sequences of the kung-fu fight. Like some pretty drama. The film has a great role. The leaders are very good and restrained (not so painfully and excessively acting and "humor" as in Sammy's otherwise great eastern condoms (1987), and they are, too, thanks to a carefully written script, pretty cute and easy to identify. The glam includes many famous HK film heads and directors in small roles such as Corei Iuen Kvai (legendary action director and director of films such as Soul Savior 1 and 2, Ninja in Dragon's Dane and Fong Sai Iuk 1 and 2), master composer Lovell Lo Koon-Ting (John Voo's The Killer and Ringo Lam's School on fire and with Shav veteran Liu Chia Liang (who with Sammo is struggling with sticks), Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (director of the dark HK noir classics On The Run since 1988), late Lam Ching Iing (best known for its friendly face in various HK vampire horror / kung fu / comedies) to mention just some. In fact, the actor in Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I've seen in any other HK production. The film has some interesting quiet moments, especially regarding the love affair between Maca Moka and Fennie. Iuen and one crisis are facing thanks to Lovell Lo. They could really do this quite a serious piece that they wanted as a discussion about the human values ​​and the meaning of love, regardless of your past or what you did for life, to become so serious and truly effective in the middle part that the film immediately becomes much more valuable than our average kung fu spectacle. Also, the efforts of other characters to heal things are very touching and they talk greatly about true human relationships and friendship and, of course, love. Still, I think what Fennie says to Mak (about the future "bad kitchen") very unnecessarily and effectively tones the potential of the whole segment and its subjects, unfortunately. But then we come to what the film makers are most interested in. And it's action, an unprecedented and exaggerated action. The fighting scenes include traditional kung fu, sticks, flesh and the like, and are used here hysterically as in the kung-fu scene that is most intelligent and I have seen in any movie ever, drunken master Jackie Chan (1994). , they are really great! There are wires and they are very cleverly used and people literally fly to the opposite corner of the room when they are kicked or kicked. Simply incredible, and again, something can only be offered by Hong Kong CINEMA. Also, dangerous stops make the viewer hold his breath as the movie has a quick line against cars and pedicabs and various dangerous jumps and twisted bodies that fly through the air and sully on a hard destination. Still, it seems that filmmakers do not "accept" film violence because Sammo, as the late Bruce Lee, is ready to surrender after the last murder in a gangster villa, and I think that such a morality, no matter how obvious or shallow it is, is A good thing even in this kind of harmless movie, because the cinema is meant to be much more than a brain-free game. The film also has some very witty parts. humor that I'm not sure that everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) would understand or even love. The hilarious puzzle of Star Wars, in the beginning, was definitely among them, and literally forced me to smile when I realized what I saw. Also, some funny scenes from Samm's passion for Ping have been made. Nevertheless, the biggest smiling laughter came during the scenes depicted in the former photo, because the images of big and tall men flying with great force over the screen to the walls or furniture are simply INSAN and thus take away their breath Can not hide their feelings and reflections on these eastern film creators when I testify like this, and that is just a positive and appreciated reaction, of course. The pedicab driver is among the most fantastic action movies in Hong Kong that I've ever seen. and easily among Samm's greatest accomplishments. If there were no fewer flaws, it could be even brighter and bigger. 8/10
