It's a gentle comedy from the 1950s. Kim Novak is a witch in Manhattan. She spells out magic boredom to her neighbor Jimmy Stewart, but eventually falls in love with him, losing her power. You see, witches are allowed to have "hot blood", but not love. Elsa Lanchester is Novak's aunt, and a witch. Jack Lemmon is her brother. Hermione Gingold is the main witch, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, a writer specializing in witchcraft writing. I described it as a comedy from the 1950s because it's hard to replace it for anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from decorative decoration, through wardrobe and compliment, to performance and direction. Take the picture of Ernie Kovacs. It's called "drunkard and nut". Here's how the film shows these traits. He seeks another drink and, although he always wears a jacket and a tie as the other gentleman, his hair is a little long and discolored. It's a strict version of drinks and walnuts from the 1950s. Nothing is in place; everything is neat and dust free. Jimmy Stuart's shoes are hardly scratched. And Zodiac Club, where witches hang out. It's called "low dive". Still, it's a clean, dark place with decent waiters, a quintet of musicians, neatly trained clients and plants in a potted bowl against bare walls of brick. It's not my idea or your "low dive" - ​​not even for Greenvich Village in 1958. lesbian hangout. Zodiac Club is a big dive compared to this. Kookiness that we always hear is muted by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is strange because he runs his flat in his bare feet. And he wears a lot of black clothes, as did the Beatles of that period. But no matter all that. It's a nice romantic comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive artwork for elevated people. It has strange beauty, bulky and ethereal at the same time. She slides, not a walk. His eyebrows seem to have been drawn by a series of plastic French curves. And Jimmy Stevart is pretty good as a confused and annoyed victim. In the 1930s, he usually played in light roles. In the postwar years and much of the fifties of the last century, he was a tortured protagonist, but here he uses his good experience in comedy. Who could resist the laugh when Hermione Gingold forced him to wear a scarf and drink a nasty fabrication of a festering liquid to cure him of Novak's spell? It is good to see him as a puppet instead of angry and bitter man of the principle that he is in danger of becoming. Richard Quine quietly directed the film, without fireworks or special effects, and for some interesting things that the show could not have. Remember the scene in which Novak throws a spell on Stuart, when the face and ears of the Siamese cats mate with Novak's stunning eyes. There has never been anything like The Ernie Kovacks Shov before or after. It resembles the word "Surrealism". He could perform five minutes without words and indescribable tricks in an uninhabited room with only Bartok's Concerto for the orchestra as a background. And he did an impeccable sketch using the figure of Percia Dovetail, a poignant poet. Credits crossed the The Condoli brothers, but this is rather unusual, since these two - Pete and Conte - were virtuoso trumpeters with independent careers in jazz ensembles. Conte later became a member of Doc Severison's band at Johnnie Carson's late show. The third rank is little goddess and becomes "more romantic" than "comedy." But it's never bored. The entire film is played as neatly as Van Druten was playing, and children will probably get a kick.
