John Van Druten's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a wonderful and unexpected fantasy of the union of modern witches living in New York; it was obviously an attractive movie real estate. He played a great role for Gillian Holroid, for her former book publisher, Shepherd Henderson and her crazy family and circle, including Shep's frustrated fiancé, mournful Merle Kittredge, whose chances of Shep Gillian starting a magic spell. He even had Pievacket, a Siamese cat - known to his timely friends, Sidney Redlitch, a fake expert with terrible pretensions and bad manners. In short, it seemed that his maker might be a magic box. And so it turned out. There were so many things about his production, only one element was perfect; but the rest I found funny, charming and very consistent. To begin with, the screenplay by Daniel Taradash retained the best features of a fine theater performance, but he opened his scenes to include Greenwich Village and other areas on the New York scene. The technical production was beautiful, with the cinema of legendary James Wong Hove, the fine result of George Duning, more than the smart sets of Louis Diage and Jean Louis's dress. Among the attractive actors were Wolfe Barzell, Hovard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as Gilli's naughty brother, beautiful comedians Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as a witch friar and beautiful Kim Novak in one of her earliest parts like Gillian . Jimmy Stevart was an imperfect element in my estimation; he went well with the comic parts of his work, but he was never convincing as a book publisher in New York, and somehow too old for Henderson's work. But director Richard Kuine used subtle lighting, pace changes and unusually composite recordings to point out the strangeness of the witch's pieces, keeping other parts very bright, but clear in their presentation. The main crisis in the film comes to light when in reality Gillian descends on Henderson, who does not believe in witches at all. She began to distance him from her fiancée, her rival from college. Later, when Henderson tries to get out, she is constantly coming back to her - and she realizes that she is under the spell, because she apologizes trying to explain it to him. In the meantime, Sidney Redlich was called up with a magic spell to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course, he does not know anything about magic, but he is quite confused and interested in finding out why he came at all; but Gillian's brother enlightens him. It all ends up in this romantic satire while Gillian proves his love for Henderson by losing his power - what happens to the witches when they really love the mortals. Of course, he actually did not want to resist her. The film has a lively dialogue, charm and a little "magic" in its charm of witches and torments that Gillian must pass in his struggle with himself, and to win the man he loves. The wonderful ending of this beautifully photographed and unusual romance makes his incredible realism, though fantasy, almost complete in my opinion. Unusually beautiful.
