As a pagan, I must say that this film has little or no Magical significance. It is a "fun" artistic film and it is not intended to teach us anything except that love is the strongest Magician of all, and that it is never used in a controlling or avaricious way. It is a lesson that everyone should learn, and not just pagans. Once said, this film is beautifully written and sweetly performed by Kim Novak and Honorable Jimmy Stuart. Hermione Gingold brings a great performance like Bianca, Elsa Lanchester (with too many movie ads to mention, except that Ms Jane Marbles of Murder Bi Death) was wonderful as Mrs. Novak, Kueence's neighbor. Also included is Jack Lemon (a great performance) and Jim Kovacs (greatly witty). "Witches can not cry. Why, I can not shed any tears because their heart is full of Magick." They do not have time for stupidity like love. "Kueenie. Gillian Holroid (Novak) and her brother Nicki (Jack Lemmon) are witches from Manhattan. Buried deep into the secret underworld of those of the crafts, they live among the New Yorkers as one of them, without much to cause a raised eyebrow. But then, together Shepherd "Shep" Henderson (Stevart), a persistent, non-pointless, committed businessman who is engaged to marry Gillian's old rival of college. By his unusual case by chance, he moves to Gillian's building and is immediately "enchanted" with her charm and grace. Using Magick, with the help of Pievacket's small help (Gillian's famous, trained by Robert E. Blair) and Kueenie, Gillian begins to work on this handsome new dream man to return to his old enemy. But Magick should never be used to control, nor to hurt, and Gillian teaches it in the most difficult way in the sweetest way. She must not only face what she did, but she must face Shep in her guilt. From a critical perspective; however, the film has a serious turn: the effects are very outdated to the point that they are a clean camp. Some of the landscapes were apparently taken in the basement of one's little home, but at least the characters were strange and fun. On a personal basis, Pievacket steals the show. Great cat! Excellent training Robert E. Blair. As the Note of Trivia, these are the roots of a beloved Bevitched television series. This introduces the original Samantha and Darrin. All character signs are present and taken into account. You just have to look to see it yourself. This is one of my favorites, and I often watch it. This film gets 9.1 / 10 of. .. The Fiend :.
