From time to time, you come across a movie that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of human emotions, leaving you exhausted. Vivah is exactly that? maybe even more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhei, I really thought that Bollivood had reached its peak and would never come to such an EVER. I'm a mistake! I went to the store to buy some foods and I decided to pick up this movie along with the new "DON" (only I can compare Great AB with ShahRukhom, although the decision has already been made in my head). After discussing whether I should spend almost 3 hours on a meaningless film, I decided to watch him realize that I have nothing else to do. When I saw the grade U instead of A, I was happy that at least something where I do not have to watch scarcely dressed women with bad acting skills doing only a dance at every opportunity they get and writing with each one to show that they have more skills in bed than Hollywood B actress. For the first five minutes I thought I would be subjected to a pointless story with a bad acting. After all, everyone who has seen Shahid Kapor know that he has not gained fame as a famous actor. Boi ?? I made a mistake in this movie. This film attracted me attention after the first 5 minutes and I would never let it go. It was a great movie with a good story about the missing traditions of our society. I loved not only that the director is brave enough to make a movie in which the younger generation can not relate to the concept of an agreed marriage, but that he did it with conviction (that's the right thing). I have no idea why some people think that acting is not good. I felt that the acting is excellent and that music can not be considered the best ever, but it was very good. The good thing is that this music will grow on people over time as it did with me after I watched this movie for the second time. Another good thing is that these songs are not pulled into a script like we all saw in so many movies. These songs actually speak of a large part of the story and are certainly a welcome addition. Just as Ajai Devgan went from joke to a great actor (after the company), and Salman found his grooves after "Hum Aapkei Hain Kaun"; this movie will help Shahid Kappor become the best actors and entertainers in Bollivood. This is his first film I like and his role. He acted well and adapted himself to a good young rich kid. Yes, you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point on the dunk as you saw ShahRukha in DDLJ (although it was demonstrated that the Indian in England is very credible as a person who holds his values.) Amrita Rao first encountered someone In all her other films she competed with the big faces that actually hindered her. No one knew how much the actress was good at watching this movie. Some of the scenes in which she must cry especially to the end really reveals her knowledge and depth of acting. she was in other films, o I think this film will do wonders for her. Move through Rani? Finally, there is another girl who, if she gets a decent chance to work with good directors, can take a torch from you. She is beautiful with a great voice and has A person who reflects complete innocence Oh, who has almost 0% of fatty tissue, also does not hurt (that the people I challenge you will find even 0.1% fat on it and unlike many others like Sonali, she really can works). I thought I would never be in love with someone's beauty after Madhuri and early Kajol, but it has completely changed. Shahid and Amrita worked well together, and their relationship fit their characters and they both did a great job (although I waited for Shahid to become a girl like Salman did every time he said "Hum aapkei Hain Kaun"). When I finished watching this movie, it left me so emotionally exhausted that I decided to watch this movie again (now). Yes now. I never did that. Not even with DDLJ, but this film had something to be understood again and again. I'm probably going to watch this movie for the third time over the weekend, just to be able to watch and re-live the traditions we all grew up in. I miss the time when the families were having fun. When parents had time for their children and where children respected what their parents believed. I know that many people think that the film does not show real life, but we do not want to do it all deep down. Families, tradition, love and respect. This will remind us of this film. I assure you that this is a very well made movie in which you will enjoy. I'm sure some young people will not like this movie, but if you are older than 28, I doubt that you will be one of them.
