Absolutely brilliant film! Jiri Trnka, master of puppet animation, faces totalitarianism in this, his final, film. The Communist Czechoslovak government (at that time) would forbid it, despite winning the largest animation award in the country. In this dark and fun short film, the artist is trying to create a new pot for his favorite plant. Fortunately, he creates his creations, dreaming that his plant will become a beautiful rose. Suddenly, he knocked on the door here, and came into this huge, all-powerful hand, trying to force the artist to make a statue in his resemblance. The artist opts as much as he can, but in the end he becomes overwhelmed with constant attempts, with the hand to force him to adjust. He becomes brain-drained; intellectual zombie. At this moment, the hand ties the wire to the artist, puts it in a cage and uses it to make hand-held statues. As long as he glorifies the work of art and rewards it with medals and honors. The artistic inner lust that can be freely expressed is what helps him to overcome his indoctrination and allow him to escape from prison, whether it is literally or in his mind, and to return to his home where he must now live in constant fear of the anger of an all-powerful hand. He closes, thinking that out of reach is an all-powerful hand, but in this process he puts his plant and pot high, hoping that out of reach of his hand, and ending dropping on his head, he kills him. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear with which he had to live once he escaped from his hand. Once dead, the hand paints the artist as a great person, a national hero. Unfortunately, not in the circumstances or because of the reasons that the artist would like to keep in mind. The brutality of the condemnation of a totalitarian society and their lack of the right to free expression is dark, damned and astoundingly animated. No wonder the government banned it because it is the kind of media that people are admitting and maybe even listen. This is obviously not acceptable. It's an incredible example of artistic civil disobedience and the impact it can have. And still quite relevant to many parts of the world, from the United States to the Middle East. Must see and definitely 10 out of 10! Talk about going out with a bang!
