First of all, I did not like the cause of the film that it was a Nazi drama about a more sacred. But after shopping and watching, it was not so bad. I heard so many complaints that the numbers are short and that Ilse Verner does not sing. Now I understand. Radio broadcast was a super propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara plus Rudi Shruki and a band like Kurt Vidman and his Orchestra and Fud Cantics ek never never appeared in the radio show because singers and bands were pop jazz and swing categories. Club Foot regulated it to visit occupied areas for soldiers to short waves for soldiers and nightclubs and hotels, in Berlin and Hamburg, and record sales. That's why Ilse did not have to sing in this picture. This will be done by the mid-term budget, Vera making music, 1942, in which it will show its whistle. But this is a great example of propaganda. Aunt forgets his cards so Inge must wait until aunt returns with the cards. She meets Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra card. She goes with him and it's love at first glance. they are planning to marry, but the Spanish war is on the way, so it has to go to the task on the right. Carl Raddatz, as so many people complained about him, was really handsome and was not clear. When Opfergang did, they put in mustaches plus his own sunshine that made him clean. You see Nazi soldiers behave normally, as a scene in which the former butcher and his troops are in France and steals pigs from the farm and are preparing to dine until their leader proposes to save the pigs. This reflects the extreme nature of Adolf's real animals. The character was a butcher now soldier. This was a subtle descent against eating meat. Later in the 11th World War, Herbert flew on a German plane. We shoot at one of the pilots to take Herbert. We shoot at his plane. They fall. Unfortunately for us they survive. Once again, Nazi soldiers went to the Catholic Church, now lowered the Catholics, and Hubert's best friend Kaciga, played by Joachim Brennecke, begins to play organ, Beethoven. . The church has more bombs, the soldier continues to stay and play the body that was told to leave. In the end, we hurt him. A propaganda message? The body of the Catholic Church causes him to become addicted. You see? At that time, Inge was with her, either her mother or grandmother, she played Hedvig Bleibteu, the same German grandma actress who played Aunt Maria Holst in Veiner Blut. Well, a short overview of the radio show comes later. This was not a music show, as Kora Terri was published the same year as Rosen and Tirol, music, and their side war was just to be back. It was mostly a war romantic movie. It's easy to take the shot to shoot those soldiers in the film, but in real life many of these soldiers were forced to fight the Nazi cause, the job and the monthly salary they would get. After the war, many of those who survived would regret. This is a good swastika classic. The only problem is that you now have non-Nazi and Nazi skinheads who watched the same films to reflect their Hitler's worship and theirs. They have disturbing websites that exploit these movie classics to collect money for their insanity. Be careful for most of the time, this is direct hatred only to classics. If their scenario seems to glorify him, then the Nazi website will skip it. Go to IHF or to German war movies dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video dot net. They are legitimate. 01/23/10 Although she made a mistake that her friend Herbert was not killed in the church. It was a friend of Malta Iager, Schartzscop.
