First I must admit that I'm a big fan of The Dandy Varhols, and that's why I came to watch this movie. The uniqueness of this film, compared to other modern rock and rolls, is that it's not just about one page of the band's history (like "I'm trying to break your heart," about Wilco), it already covers a long period of history band. In this film, director / producer Ondi Timoner spent more than 8 years (1995-2003) following his friends / rivals Brian Jonestown Massacre (BJM) and The Dandi Varhols (DV) and recorded a huge 1500 hours of raw video, cut at 1:45 pm (a future edition for a DVD will contain much more material than the original movie). The result is stunning - there is no filler - the film is a 100% clean and original archival footage, which gives you the feeling that the movie is progressing to live with bands throughout all these years. Both bands at the beginning of their career pledged to "make a revolution" in creating music rather than selling their soul to the devil of the "sound industry." However, their paths quickly dissolved - Dandi Varhols signed a contract with Capitol Records and became relatively popular (especially in Europe) after just one album, while the massacre of Brian Jonestown (with the leader who was self-destruct tied to Anton Nevcombe) grew in forgetting (at least as shown in the film). And the film follows the descent of the Brian Jonestown massacre, contrary to the rise of The Dandy Varhols. First, I was delighted with the film and his approach to talking about Anton Nevcombe (for example, Courtnei Tailor - the leader of The Dandy Varhols - narrates), but after some thought I realized that something is wrong with this film . First, he treats Anton Nevcombe as a missing person. The project began in 1995 as a documentary about several promising emerging groups, in which Anton Nevcombe and Ondy Timoner were equal partners (this was the reason why over the years Overdi Timoner had direct access to both bands). Anton Nevcombe brought Dandi Varhola into the project. In the end, he was completely ignored, as if he was kicked out of the project. Everyone talks about BJM, but he does not participate in the discussion. I suppose it was not even informed when the group started with the final editing process. There are always two sides of the story, and here we have only one ... Of course, as one could expect, Anton does not approve the final result and see this film as a betrayal of his ex-friends. Second, the film is very Dandi Varhols-biased. Of course, the winner takes everything, but the fact that Courtnei Tailor (leader of the DV) narrates (although it seems to be a good choice - provides a sense of seemingly closer involvement) and the late history of the bands is presented disproportionately (BJM was covered until 1997 and DV - by 2003 .) does not add to the film objectivity. Third, the film is (somewhat) shallow. What does he want to teach us? As one critic said: "... the film examines old questions: where does the genius fit into the commodified world? No, it does not question these questions! It only describes the story of a brilliant but unsuccessful musician, narrates less brilliant but successful, which is left to the confidence and eternal cold of the ego larger than the mountain. In any case, the film was fun - it's raw, it's fresh, it's stylish, it's ... just damn interesting, at least for DV or BJM fans. For the rest of the crowd - I do not know ...
