Anton Nevcombe and Courtnei Tailor are friends, they are both leading in their own bands; Anton with the massacre Brian Jonestown and Courtnei with The Dandi Varhols. What is interesting about their friendship is that they rival; his relationship to love. Sometimes they both hear how they praise each other, but the next second they complain about how stupid and complacent they are. While Dandy Warhols went to commercial success, BJM was still stuck in the underground scene; and for good reason. Focus Dig! more towards Anton and BJM, because they have much more content. They are the most functional band. During the gig, they will fight and hit each other. Anton will hit other members if he thinks they are not working properly. With the amount of alcohol consumed by alcohol, the fight was always waiting to happen. You know how people go on a car race just to see if a huge car accident happens; so people would go to their gigs, to fight. Anton is very unstable. Always regarded as a musical mess, he wants to change his music and create a revolution, but he can never get out of the underworld. He is a very talented musician, an incredible number of instruments that he can play with such skill. But his withdrawal can not escape the world he created; a prolific musician stuck in a black hole, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, Dandi Varholi had their problems. They did not have much success with their first album and they were constantly fighting with their publishing house. But they have found great success in Europe. But Kortney is constantly returning to the world of Anton. Interestingly, both Anton and Courtney had what others needed. Kortney has always wanted to be musically talented as Anton, although Anton would not say, he needed the commercial success that Dandy had to make his revolution. These two bands have a lot of recordings. Dig's never a boring moment! It's moving constantly because there's no time to slow down because there's so much to say, seven years in 1h 45min is a hard job. Ondi Timoner has done great work on one of the best music documentaries that always wants you more. Even if you do not like bands that still deserve to watch; she overcomes music and reveals a great story about a successful failure. You will not be disappointed.
