A great documentary, allegedly about friendship and a later rivalry between two retro rock'n'roll band on the west coast: The Dandy Varhols and Brian Jonestown Massacre. What actually turned out was the portrait of a border psychopath - Anton Nevcomb - and his tortuous relationship with the rest of the world. It's interesting that there is almost no music for a music documentary. What exists - pieces of songs, more often than not performed by performers - is by chance, not centrally. Although the protagonists are musicians, the story does not deal with music, but in particular the American version of the British myth of the caricatures of life, The one in which no one has to take responsibility for behaving as spoiled adolescents in full-time work. Tantrum, drugs, violence, grossly dysfunctional attitudes, egomania on a truly epic level - all this is justified or positively encouraged because it is in line with some collective ideas about what rock'n'roll is. As a movie, this is a first-class documentary, but asks more questions than it suits. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone so wild and uninitiated (and he is wild and unheard of) his music has never advanced beyond the most obvious derivations of his idols from the 60s (Stones, Velvets, etc.). For someone who claims to be able to play 80 instruments he never made to learn to play any of them beyond the most basic level. Similarly, the ambition of Dandi Varhols is based on the rock'n'roll vision, which was fascinatingly fossilized in 1969. . Why do not they take some risks with their music - in the way their role models did? Because, the suspect, this does not apply to music. Music is just an add-on, background or excuse, to lead completely dysfunctional and irresponsible lives. But why? In the case of Dandy Varhols, the answer is obvious: make a lot of money and be famous. Very important. The case of Anton Nevcomb is more interesting. He is obviously very talented, but every time he gets a chance to reach the wider audience he sabotages, usually in the most dramatic way possible. He is afraid of success, and at the same time deeply embittered by anyone who has him - especially his former friends, Dandy Warhols. Fascinating movie. Recommended.
