A documentary about two stone bands that last for several years. Massacre Brian Jonestown and Dandi Varhols. What makes it special is to examine the complex contrasts of personality and the irony of success and failure. Anton Nevcombe, the chief man of the massacre Brian Jonestown, is widely recognized as a musical genius not only to his colleagues, his friends and rivals Dandi Varhols, but also to producers and most people who worked with him. Unfortunately, he and his members are not able to integrate with the real world. Nevcombe fights with members of the band on the stage or with members of the audience (arrested at one point for literally hitting the head of the fans). Nevcombe knows no limits? plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all BJM's music, can produce enough songs to fill the whole album in one day, has a prophetic obsession with his musical genius, but is also a user of heavy drugs, flying into anger at the smallest a compromise of his own artistic integrity, orders members of his band to be lower forms of life, and can strike as fast as he does them. BJM goes through a large number of labels in a fast sequence? they sign them as soon as they understand Nevcombe's talents and let them go as soon as they realize it is completely uncontrolled. Varthoms recognize their debt to Nevcombe's creativity and do not even put themselves on the same sublime size sphere? but Varthoms have something that BJM does not? the ability to integrate their talents with common sense, the real world and their market? as a mixture of talent (even if much distilled from the gum Nevcombe) and accessibility, they are the very definition of 'cool'. Dig it! follows the parallel career of two bands with increasing force. At one point, Nevcombe pulls acrobats designed to generate publicity by sending obvious threats of death and hate messages to the Varthoms (in a box containing live ammunition and insults like soap 'to cleanse your act') ?? only he forgets to tell them that the stunt is and that they are so paranoid to make a ban against Nevcombe. Until the moment Dandi Varhols moves to Europe with hits like "Every day should be a holiday" and "Bohemian Like Iou", Nevcombe is becoming more and more isolated. BJM are stopped and the band decays when they are arrested for having marijuana? Varchants were arrested for drugs at the same time, with a warning, and even allowed to hold the grass. <br /> <br /> Widespread Attraction DiG! is that the genius lessons versus accessibility pass two bands or even rock music. The downside is that she is still documentary, however intimate, and that she will most like the dedicated film fans or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the prominent band. Nevcombe could be a largely unrecognizable genius, and there are also fintas in the film, but for the untargeted ear there is little more than the claims of people interviewed to confirm it. According to one of the members of the band: "In every spiritual tradition, you are burning in hell by pretending to be God and you can not support it." Nevcombe is not converting? but it's possible that there are still not enough people to buy it in your life and DiG! has a hard fight to correct the balance in favor of a tortured but mostly unrecognized genius.
