I've seen this movie on several different occasions. I think it's one of the funniest things to just watch the reactions of different types of people who are going to see it. Type 1: OLD PEOPLE. Many old Japanese men and women go into this film because they think it will be a Samurai film of sincerity for goodness with lots of fencing and medieval Japanese dialogue. As soon as the two protagonists began to debate horor films while exploding almost randomly during their sentences, the old people left, they usually went mad. Type 2: FILM SNOBS. These people think that just because the movie is labeled "Independent", it will automatically be the burden of heavy monitoring, excessive shit that may or may not be in English. However, they still see it all the more so that they can sing praise later, so people will think they are intelligent and cultural. They are really surprised to see this movie. As soon as the blood starts to squeeze excessively from the battles of sword-inspired anime, or an overburden silently pinches the dog with its crossbow during a telephone conversation, these people will be so upset that they will come out. A few will only be left to see "how bad it will be" and will later talk about what a horrible film is to their friends. Type 3: PEOPLE EXPECT LIFE ACTION OR MATRIX SPECIAL EFFECTS. We are sorry, the martial arts are pretty firm in the film, but director Iamasato does not really have a budget for such things. Type 4: PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT EXPECTED. These are the people who really enjoy the film. Whether they just heard about Samurai's Blood, chose him randomly, or entered the wrong theater in an alcoholic haze, these are the people who will laugh with all the jokes and appreciate the film for what is ultimately: ENTERTAINMENT. This film was not designed to enlighten or cause deep spiritual thought, which meant (if I could borrow a line of dialogue from the film) to "really break up an ass". And that's what he does. So, depending on the type of person, you or you will not enjoy this movie; However, if you appreciate the movie for what it is and you can enjoy the surplus blood and act, then go watch this movie and make sure to bring your friends.
