I watched this movie along with my ninth family. Since my younger brother has recently married, we could have to deal with events. The movie highlights the classical touch given to the romantic engagement of the couple. Fortunately, all the Indian sites such as Ranikhet Almora, etc., have been used this time, which has already been visited by most urban planners, which contributed to linking with the film. Dialogues are much better than those in "Umrao Jaan Ada" - supposedly dialogue. Background music enhances the "soft focus" of the movie. It kinda reminds me of "Chapler" VV Chopra, in which he stopped and to some extent Bobbi made a full justice character. The same here, in that the lead couple does not disappoint in any department - it looks or is acting. Support is too good. I estimate the actress who plays the role of Bhabhi in the first league. The situations of family interactions that are shown are real and you smile when you find yourself in the position of one of the characters. The songs were too suitable for the scenes and went well with the film. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain for his work from films to Ramaiana, I miss Ram Lakman badly. . You can watch a movie with your parents, unless you are already engaged soon. I want to honestly say that although Suraj suggests that marriages between families, and not just individuals, his approach is completely individualistic. The film is just about Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are random. Art imitates life? "Peripheral characters" are left to the background and the only protagonists are the main pair. Going back, everything was great. Except for the drama. The state of the tragedy has been artificially created. The outcome, the victim and the change of heart that follows is not convincing at all. That's why he misses an emotional blow - the very purpose of this event. But, he needed a shift in the story to move the movie from a beautiful pre-bible video into a "feature film". But I was constantly waiting for a blow and never came. The preaching of Mohnish Bahal, and later Alok Natha at the dowry, was unthinkable and this made things excessive. Maybe this will help the film without tax. But the shop could have been more interesting and non-linear than it was. There were too many questions in my mind when the film ended: 1 Did the movie really finish? 2 Is the film finished?
