Imagine the condition of Richard, a painter whose true passion flies. When we first met him, he was seen at the top of the building in London carrying his domestic wings. He torn his canvases and other pieces, at the height of his desperation, and modified the flying device for his jump. When he falls into a protective police device, he does not suffer scratches, but puts him before a judge who orders him to work in public service. Richard, whose relationship with Anna has apparently ended, decides to move to a rural area where he finds a place in a country with a large barn that he plans to use to build his own aircraft. Richard ends up trying to help reluctantly Jane Harchard. She is a young woman suffering from A.L.S., or Lou Gehrig's disease and is limited to a motorized wheelchair. Jane is extremely intelligent, but she has a dark side and salty vocabulary. It uses the handheld device to speak sometimes because its speech is not clear. What Jane loves is to lose her virginity, at all costs. Jane and Richard clash when they meet, but their mutual tolerance soon makes them comfortable. Jane, who sees pornography on her computer, has an idea to find someone like Richard Gere in "American Gigolo," who will, for a fee, have sex with her. When Richard takes him to London, they find the right man for the job. His tax is excessive, but they agree. Since they have no money, Richard decides to rob a large bank. Unfortunately, things do not go as planned when Jane realizes that she can not go through what she wanted. In the end, Richard takes Jane for a ride on his roughly built plane for the excitement of her life, something that approaches them, because they find affinity with each other. Peter Greengrass directed this strange movie that presents an unusual situation. Jane is obviously not a romantic heroine in mainstream movies, yet she has such a sweet aura about her that it's hard for her to feel for her and what she's trying to achieve. Mr. Greengrass shows the material for Richar Havkins who wrote for the film. The film does not try to be cute or give a pink picture of a young woman affected by incurable disease. Helena Bonham Carter is the main reason for watching a movie. She's great Jane. On the other hand, Kenneth Branagh does not look too good for this kind of comedy. Somehow, he has his problems in the way Richard interprets it. Gemma Jones has some good moments like Anne, Richard's former love. The "Theory of the Flight" shows a good director. There is no doubt that Peter Greengrass will go to bigger and better things.
