I'm sure things did not go the same way in the real life of Homer Hickam as in the film adaptation of his book "Rocket Bois", but in the film "The October Sky" (an anagram book title) is good enough to standing alone. I did not read Hikam's memoirs, but I can still enjoy and understand their adaptation of the film. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Levis Colick, captures the story of teenager Jake Gillenhaal, which begins in October 1957. the first artificial satellite in orbit. We see pictures of blue-gray city and its people: mostly miners working for Olga Coal Compani. One of the miners listens to news on the handheld radio as it enters the lift shaft, but the signal disappears while it disappears in the dark, losing sight of the starry sky above it. The melancholy violin melody pale with this picture. Then we get Elvis on the car radio while the words on the screen inform us about the environment: October 5, 1957, Coalvood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roi Lee Cook (Villiam Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), talk about football attempts. Football scholarships are the only way out of town, and they work in mines for these guys. "Why are athletes the only ones who can go to college," asks Homer. Roi Lee replies: "They are the only ones who get girls." Homer does not do this in football as his older brother, so he is destined for the mines and follows the footsteps of his father as my manager. Until he sees the point of light that passes through the October sky. Then he wants to make a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After a catastrophic attempt involving a primitive rocket and his mother's fence (Natalie Canerdai), Homer seeks help from Quinterin Wilson (Chris Oven). Quentin asks Homer: "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer quickly spoke, "Everything." His natural science teacher at Big Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) largely supports Homer, and four boys are working on rocket construction in Homer's basement. His father, however, whose life is a mine, does not support him. John Hickman (Chris Couper) believes Homer should not waste time on rockets, that coal mines are just important. Coal from the mine is used for making steel, and without steel, the earth would not be anything. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most challenging relationships I've ever seen in a movie. Miss Riley meets Homer with the idea of ​​entering a local science fair, with a chance to go to the citizens and receive a college scholarship. "You can not just dream your way out of Coalwood," she says to Homer. Homer and his friends work on their dreams by constantly working on rockets, improving models with every attempt. Despite many attempts, boys do not lose their determination. "What chances are we to get this science fair," O'Dell asks Homer at one of his desperate moments. "Million to one," Homer replies. "That's good?" O'Dell answered, "Well, why did not you say that?" Music, composed by Mark Isham, conveys sadness and hope at the same time, especially sad at the time when Homer descends into the mine and loses sight of the sky and his dreams of leaving Coalvood. Rolling the 1950s, rock and roll, including The Coasters and Buddy Holly, occasionally moves instrumental pieces to create a gentle mood that contrasts the lives of teenagers with the lives of miners. The film, which was photographed by Fred Murphi, also uses color to adjust the mood and symbolism. The city of Coalvood, filmed in Tennessee, was washed with blue, gray and brown tones. It's as if coal dust is held up for everyone - faces, clothes, houses and roads. When a couple in a shiny red convertible stops looking for instructions from a boy, it's obvious that they are outside the Coalvood and Olga Coal. A book on Missile Riley Missile Missile Design is red. Red stands out against the blue-gray world of Coalvood to symbolize "going out", but it's still subtle. The red is the transient hints of the world about which Homer only dreams. Jake Gillenhaal expresses such a glow, hope and perseverance as Homer Hickam that it's hard to believe that he is not the real Homer we see in real-life footage at the end of the movie. Chris Cooper is also highly credible as Homer's stubborn father, who does not recognize, or simply does not want to admit, that the mine does not produce enough to keep the city alive. Homer, and everyone who encourages him in his rocket building, know that the city is dying. As the community collapses, the only way they stay together is a gathering for rocket boys demonstrations. Again, I'm sure that things did not happen exactly the way the film was showing them, but what would the film be without idealism? The "October Sky" has enough to be a great movie and enough ruggedness to keep it real.
