The October sky is a highly praised film, and it's easy to see why. The story is easy to understand and many turning points are gripping, actors and actresses are doing pretty good jobs, especially Jake Gillenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and that's a true story. Frankly, I think that the director's achievement can not be compared with the sparks and the heat produced by the original story. We do not see any special narration or cinema; the power of the film relies heavily on the intricate story and the difficult situation in which a young hero is captured because most of the audience will be identified with characters. We feel Homer's desire to earn the recognition of his father and create our future, and his resilience wins our respect. October's sky ¡¨ reminds me of the late 2001 Japanese production of the mini series ¡Boi Rocket Boi, ¡might who might owe some of the inspiration from this movie. In fact, these two works taken from two different cultures provide an interesting comparison. When the October sky tells the story of a young man who loudly appealed his right over his fate, "Rocket Boi" offers a compromised description that can sometimes be a sharp critique of modern society. In the role of prominent actor Iuji Oda, ¡§ Rocket Boi¡¯s focuses on three men as ordinary as it can be: a travel agent who has a dream to become an astronaut, a boasting advertiser agent who is on the edge to tear off his Inferiority Complex is the result the extreme success of his father and older brother (as Homer feels in his family) and an employee in a food company that is preparing to marry but is scared of those ideas. The collected social consciousness sets its definition of success to its constituents and takes further steps to force them to suppress their dreams, arguing that it is impossible. To compensate for his lost ideal, Kobaiashi (Iuji) works in a tour operator because when his client fails and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds strength from his father's, who decided to be a sailor, but later found life at sea is less attractive than he assumed. ¡I but I do not regret, ¡¯On his father said Kobaiashi, at least the least I tried. ¡His is his father¡¯s confession that encourages him to resign his job and apply for astronautships despite the fact that he pains his legs and needs to move on the wheelchair. Kobayashi's efforts are finally decaying and he returns to the travel agency. But his crazy courage inspires his friends, and everyone loves him more. Just before the end of the series, Kobaiashi is at work as a guide to a space camp that would allow children to learn more about astronauts. After completing the tour, we see him leaning against the tree, revealing the list of posters that narrowed down the notice board on which it says: §Astronauts were asked in 2004. Kobaiashi watches a piece of paper and laughs and laughs, the child looking at his map for Disneyland. Kobaiashi may never get what he wants, but he dares his fate and he just does. ¡¨ This series is so cordial not because the hero shows any heroic deeds, but his obedience and unstoppable urge to realize his dream that make us wonder and envy. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic scripts, this broadcast illuminates and teaches something. Homer and Kobaiashi both have a dream, and they do what they can in spite of other people's opinions. I recommend other IMDB users to watch Japanese TV series. If you're nine to five, you'll feel more touched. I'm sorry that IMDB does not have your data, you may be able to ask someone from Japan to help you.
