Based on the fact, this is a story about a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gillenhaal), who grew up in a coal-mining town in West Virginia, where the boy's common destiny was to "finish off in the mines." But Homer had an eye in heaven and love for flying rockets, the horror of his father's father and the astonishment of the citizens. Certainly incorrect, he and three of his equally drowned friends are beginning to make missiles flying from a piece of the devastated country eight miles from the city, so that they no longer terrorize the community with their often missile missiles. Unfortunately, most of the city, especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper), thinks they are wasting their time. However, people were intrigued and soon began to go to the crowd to watch how 'Rocketbois' send their rockets from domestic production. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and informs them that they can become candidates at the National Science Fair, and scholarships for college are prize-winning. Now the gang must learn to perfect his craft and overcome many of the problems they face when shooting at the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a famous name for his films such as Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3 & "October Ski" certainly stands above all his other films. No doubt, "October Ski" is his best effort and obviously his best film. It's not just a true story shot extremely well, but even as a movie, it has every thing that is needed for a top-notch cinema. Despite Johnston's extraordinary direction, there are some outstanding performances. Jake Gillenhaal was about 19 years old, when this film was released and gives a beautiful and natural performance. He's the perfect actor. Chris Cooper as his father also gives a very nice performance. The same goes for Laura Dern, and she looks nice. Even the other performances are extremely good. The background score was good. A very inspiring film that raises your spirit sky high. One of those movies that definitely inspires you for your whole life. Incredible inspirational film along with a lot of fun. We should not miss it.
