A simple and effective movie about what life is, responding to challenges. Homer and his friends needed a lot of buzz in order to grow into masculinity without falling into the trap of a prefabricated future that goes from father to son, to be a miner in a local mine and never get out of this fate. For Homer and his friends, three different challenges were needed to win a personal and free future. The challenge of the first ever artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, a milestone in human history, a milestone that Homer and his friends could not miss, did not want to miss. Then the challenge of science and applied mechanics was to calculate and design a rocket from scratch or better than what they could accumulate in books and order in their thoughts. Finally, the challenge of the world that is resisting and rejecting and trying to force you to return to the pack, even with a timeless accident that forces you to return to the pack because of the clear need for survival, and even then Homer showed he had the courage to accept . a challenge that has blocked your plans and dreams. But there is another side of the story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the bearer of the project, but is also the carrier of inspiration that he and his friends need. If he is the one who will receive a university scholarship because friends have preferred him, his friends will also be able to reach their own paths and paths and come out of the mining destiny, thanks to the energy that his inspirational example puts in front of their eyes. Sometimes it is difficult to follow an example of someone who is like a lighthouse on a difficult road. But the film is so effective to show that his father resisted that dream, because for him the science was not the real man's tissue, such as mining or football. The fate of the working class that was present in those fifties and sixties and is still present in some areas, is often imposed by traditional thinking of father. If a mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class that I am talking about becomes a huge trap. And here the film is effective and it should cause some parents to think. This may have been the fourth challenge Homer faced: the challenge of moving a path that was not one that was programmed and programmed by his own father. Dr. Jackues COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine and University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
