There is an old saying about Joe Johnston's new film, which says like this: "A man who thinks that a man who thinks that neither of them can be right can do it." This is a very confident statement that relates to self-motivation and belief in an individual, who in this film stands true even after blocking the way and problems with the family. The "October sky" is about a young man who believes in himself as Homer Hickam, grew up in a strict, traditional family of the fifties. Homer loves a small mining town where almost every man grows up to be a miner. All his friends, Kuentin, Roi and O'Dell all think that their life after high school will be like everyone else. Homer did not come out of this future. One night, while everyone is looking at the sky, above it is the Russian spacecraft Sputnik. This is something new for Homer, and he considers him spectacular and irresistible. From this moment his view of life will never be the same. First, he tells everyone that he wants to work in the field of rocket scientists for the occupation. Stunned by what he says, his family transmits this idea over their heads and continues with life as his friends usually, however, think that this idea can have some potential. After all, Quentin is a very clever individual when it comes to such things. When four friends begin to test a model of rocket, and throw a white fence into pieces, then what appears to be a forest fire is scaring them, they are forced to end their progression. \ t All actors give performances as if this is the right mumbo jumbo here. Separating in her glory: Laura Dern as Miss Riley. This is a very good material for the Academy's award if the judges can remember by the beginning of the year when the film was released. The characters are also highly developed. Not only do the filmmakers give a clear, obvious reason why Homer is interested in the topic, but also explain to the audience how they succeed in studying the rocket. We clearly understand all the motives and beliefs of characters, especially the father, who overcomes the eternal tradition. The film, unfortunately, loses something of its moment at the center due to nonsense. , a recycled romantic subgroup that includes Homer's love and how his brother stole him from him. This kind of film becomes so common in high school films, not that this film is intended for high school students. Actors staring at each other without thinking, as if they were in a trance. I suffered this, and I did not complain in 1997, "I invite opata", but I had enough of it. But this is just a small complaint. With an authentic time period, a cinema worthy of the Oscars and real-life clips of Homer and Friends in the end, who hit all this with their dreams, especially Homer, this is the first major 1999 film. <br /> <br />
