I lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatia after the movie Main Prem Ki Deevani hoon, and a year later I saw promotions for Viva that looked good. But I did not want to spend my hard-earned money watching it in the cinema. When the film first came out on DVD, I rented it and watched it and I liked the movie and pulled my words for Sooraj. I just looked at it yesterday and this time I thought I had to review this movie. Sooraj R. Barjatia: This time well, well, I was not a big fan of Huma App Ke Hai Kauna. But I always loved Manie Piar kiia, after Manie Piar kiia, I think Vivah Barjatias is the best deal. I hardly cry in the movie, but this film made me cry. If you've ever been in love before that, there will be many moments that will touch you in this movie, the movie is too cute and you will fall in love with it, my view is an underrated movie. You can call the story of this movie a very old and old time, but it seemed to me modern because the two couples who are engaged in marriage know that this is an old tradition. This is done at the present time, many people do not believe in this arrangement, but I know. Travel between weddings and weddings that will always be special and this film clearly shows this. When Prem meets Poonam for the first time, they show how it is and this is a reality and my parents say that it's how they got married and it showed in a way that's so real that people like Prem and Poonam meet in this movie is how most marriages are happening. It was very sweet, you feel nervous, but excited, the song "To Einabe" shows it very well. Returning to the story that, it is a journey that you will soon paste between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and families there. In this film there is a turn that is really good, and for the last 30 minutes you will all get to the tissue box. What makes this film so incredible is the chemistry between the Prema and Poonam, as they fall together with each other is too sweet. A simple boy and a simple girl, when they meet for the first time after and after the song "Do Anjana Einabe" It's sweet to watch, hardly says, and Prem all tells her about her past and the girl she loves and smoking him. Then it leads to the fact that everyone has a family trip and then they really fall to each other. That's why you just want to watch a couple and watch all the sweet moments they have. Another factor is that Poonam chichi really is evil for her and that you are sorry Poonama because she was treated badly and makes you want to see her happy and finally find happiness, and you begin to feel happy about her. fall in love with Poonam more than just Prem. When she finds happiness over the Prema, you want her to stay happy and she hopes that nothing will go wrong, because the figure is shown as a cute simple girl. What brings me to the show, and Amrita Roa as Poonam is incredible in the film, her best work to date will fall in love with this innocent character and entice him to find happiness. Shahid Kapoor as Prem is incredible, he is Poonam's support in the film, he is her luck in the film, they share amazing chemistry and I have never seen a happier couple from SRK and Kajola. If Ishk Vishk did not touch you to tell you how sweet they are together, they sure will. "Mujhe Hak Hai" song and before that is incredible chemistry they show. The scenes that touched me were when Prem takes Poonam into her room and shows her that she will stay there, and he opens up and there is a moment between them that is too cute. Again, if you have ever been in love with someone with whom much can be linked. The movie is just the sweetest thing you'll ever see. The direction is on the spot, for me a good movie is basically something that can pull me down and stop believing in this time seen here is fake and there is a camera that supports them. For me, this movie has gotten inside of myself and in those three hours I felt really connected with the film. Songs that you really will love when watching a movie because the songs are placed in the situation after I saw the movie I played continuously! Music is incredible, the story is simply incredible, what else can I ask for? What I can finally say, rarely when we get a movie that makes us feel good, this movie after that you will see that you will feel really good and make you want to be a better person. It's actually the nicest trip ever, basically it shows you're traveling between marriage and engagement, and many people say that's the best part of your life? This film actually shows the way people actually say it? Why people actually say that the trip is really incredible! Watch this movie and find out why the trip is unbelievable!
