It is a strange feeling that you are sitting alone in a theater where parents and their lively children live. I felt as though I had to get membership in NAMBLA instead of the movie ticket. Based on Thomas Rockwell's respected book, How to Eat Fried Worms, begins like any children's story: moving to a new city. The new kid, Billi Forrester of the fifth grade, was once popular, but he has to start again. Making friends is never easy, especially when Poindekter Adam is the only perspective. Or Erica, who is on 4 1/2 feet, is a giant. Further complicated is that Joe is more aggressive. His sleek face and sleeveless shirt are scary. He antagonizes Children Death Ring: the Crackerjack ring, which is said to kill you if you hit him. But not immediately. No, the ring of death frees the poison that will kill you in the eighth grade. Joe and his evil greet Billy by smashing a handful of slippery worms into a thermos. Once discovered, Billy plays cool, cursing to eat worms all the time. Then throw them on Joe's face. Evvv! To win them, Billy reluctantly bet he could eat 10 worms. Roasted, boiled, marinated in hot sauce, crushed and spread on a sandwich with peanut butter. Every dish is called an exotic name such as "Radioactive Mucus", in which children finally live their dreams about the microwaves of a living organism. If you've ever met me, you will know that I'm looking uncontrollably. I felt like a creep who emerges into a little boy who cries hurts his "broken dick". But Fried Worms is awfully disgusting. As Farrelli's G-rated movie, he is both repulsed and beautiful. Writer / director Bob Dolman is also a smart storyteller. Worms must be consumed for up to 19 hours to raise their roles. In addition, Billy keeps a dark secret: he has an ultra-sensitive stomach. Dolman also has a sense of perspective. With such accuracy, he relies on the child's insecurity and the tendency to exaggerate everyday dilemmas. If you were to hyperbolise this film in the way that children are working their problems, you would see that this is essentially a war. The freedom fighter and freedom fighter use pubescent boys as pianists in the wars of the wars, only to learn a valuable lesson in unity. International leaders can learn something or two about global peace keeping from Fried Worms. At the end of the film, I was comforted when the two mothers who followed me behind, watched each other in mischief and agreed, "It was a great movie." Great, now I will not have to be I register in legal databases.
