Watching commercials for this movie, I was pretty convinced that I would hate him. First of all, it was one of those "novel-based" novels, which usually means that the author saw the script, hated it and refused to be connected with the film. Worse still, the trailer showed only the most ordinary splash that can be imagined (for example, a child sprays in the face with a garden hose ... and falls). So, when my little brother realized that it was a movie that "must see" the season (of course, he thought the same thing about "Car," "Through the hedge", "Ants assault," "Monster," House, etc. , etc. But, I was less than excited. But once in the theater, I received the film for a number of reasons. First and foremost, writers capture the "dialogue about a child" better than any other film that I've ever seen it. A good example of this comes right after the child's chief accidentally eats worms stuck in an egg omelet. Boys make a silly, overly impressive impression of t The fact is that one of the boys asks: "Why did he say" street oop "?" The other boy answers: "I do not know what to do with it, Maybe it's crazy! "And the whole group laughs annoyed. Not an overwhelmingly witty answer, but exactly what a young child would come up with on the spot and exactly the kind of remark his kids might find funny. As if confirming it, my brother laughed at the sign when they spoke on the screen; I could practically hear his voice saying the same points if he was placed in a similar situation. Another reason that the film is doing is that writers manage to work on issues such as violence, marriage, new children at school, and peer pressure / compliance without either of them seeming as subplots for some after school. For example, a siledge (Joe) is not stereotyped; he is definitely bad, but not pure evil, and enough of his domestic life has been revealed that the audience feels compassion for him and understands his violence. There is also no time for Billy (Vorm Boi) to understand what a complete tool is for his younger brother Voodoo, and yet, to the end of the film, some kind of less transformation has been made. Here, there is some realism in the way in which characters solve situations and how they relate to one another, and very few come as loosely. The only shortcoming of the film comes in the form of an absolutely funny dance scene that even the creators of the infamous McDonald's dance party in "Mac and Me" mocked. Why oh why was he put in a movie? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) withdraw Macaulay Culkin and refuse to take on the role unless he was given a vehicle to show his impressive dance skills? The whole set definitely did not have to be there and it had a slightly less comical value than any show on The Histori Channel. All in all, this film was excellent, and the length (about an hour and 20 minutes) was perfect. One of the best, most realistic live action movies you'll ever see if you're ever near children or just remembering what was actually a kid.
