I've never seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of my seat and was constantly laughing throughout the film. I never thought that such a horrible act existed, everything was too funny. The story behind the movie is decent, but the movie scenes do not show them. I never saw such a stupid film in my life that I think it's worth watching. I gave this film 10 out of 10 because that's the most pathetic movie ever made, this movie seems to have been made just to become a trash. I think the scenes are so fake, and the actors act as if they were "a camera in front of them." You will get a blow only by watching this film chrome, my friend and I could not stop kidding during the movie, the guy who tried to get the girl overtook him not once but twice, and the second time he ran it sounded like he said sh! # although it does not speak English lol. If you are watching this movie, you will think to yourself that all the other movies you did not like took for granted, that they are better than this. This film should be viewed out of curiosity, and what kind of film is defined as chromium. The evil snake came across a girl so many times that she was ridiculous, the evil snake just screamed and screamed and let her escape every time. The evil snake had so many chances that God tried to say he was in a hurry and eating a girl how wondrous you want. The transition between the scenes leaves you wondering if I missed something? So much bore from scene to scene. I laughed like crazy when they decided to "flee to Mexico" to escape the snake. Hmmm jumping at the border will save you from a snake from Korea? interesting ... very interesting .... I guess the jump of the border solves all the problems. Another scene that completely knocked me down ... they met for the first time and had a romantic scene on the beach they kissed and they did not even know ... the scene was so cliché and it did not matter at least in other films it may seem logically after that, but I think they MUST HAVE, even though reincarnations there feel like they were immediately in love, and not evolving. In any case, this movie is worth watching for opening your eyes and watching the light. Bad Hollywood movies look like paradise compared to this. In the end, it's worth watching that it will not be bored and you will be captivated by the criticism of every moment, every scene in your head.
