Speaking of Hotel Hollivood, we could talk about one of three things about the current hotel, a radio program and a movie that was partly inspired by the first two. Dick Povell hosted a Hollivood Hotel program on the CBS radio network in which Louella Parsons issued a Sunday ball on the stars. Povell and Parsons debuted in Hollywood's 1934 program so that in 1937 he had his participation in the radio audience. Povell hosted, sang and kissed with Louell and her guests from the movie star. With the power she had with her column, she managed to make the various stars go on and include her latest films for nothing. Then the American Federation of Radio Artists entered and asked to pay salaries. Accordingly, they also got the case. It was completed by the Hollivood Hotel program in 1938. Of course, both Povell and Louella went to other radio stations. The whole story is covered in the book by Tony Thomas, The Films Of Dick Povell. But before the connector was pulled out, the film came out of Povell's Varner Brothers home-based radio program. Povell plays a singer / saxophonist with band Benny Goodman who signed a Hollywood contract. But when she escapes to Hollywood, she seizes egoistic film star Lola Lane, her sister, a breathtaking double real life, Rosemary Lane, and the ham player in Alan Movbrai. When Movbrai is called to sing in the epic of the Civil War by Lola Lane, it's Povell's voice that they use. Then Movbrai develops Lina Lamont's problem when asked to go to the Hollivood Hotel radio program, broadcast from Hollivood Hotel. It made a studio in trouble. Let's say the problem is not solved the way it sings in the rain, but Pauel's manager Ted Healy turned out to be resourceful. Richard Vhiting and Johnny Mercer give a really good score for the movie. The big hit song comes from the beginning as band Benny Goodman with scott singer Johnnie Davis singing the Hollywood hymn Hoorai for Hollivood. My favorite is Povell and Rosemary Lane singing, I'm Like A Fish Out Of Water. I'm just listening to the verses of Johnny Merck about Ginger Rogers who runs Brooklin Dodgers or Salli Rand without her fans, this is a collection of American popular culture in the thirties. Busby Berkeley works for choreography here and while the movie is not working. I do not have the growing imaginary things that had his previous work with Varner Brothers, the numbers are well placed. A great moment in Berkeley is in a discotheque in which Povell and Healy were forced to work. The number begins with Benny Goodman, who broadcasts from the Hollivood Hotel, working on Let To Be A Lesson to Iou, then on the drive-in Povell, Lane and the whole place begin to join the song to the anger of the owner Edgar Kennedy. And you know what you can expect from the bitterness of Edgar Kennedy. Benny Goodman will show why he got the name King of Swing when the band with drummer Gene Krupa and xylophone player Lionel Hampton as part of his ensemble. And this together with Frances Langford sings. And maybe the last surviving member of the band was a guy who had a small battle as a radio spiker. He died in 2004, but not before he became the 40th President of the United States. Ronald Reagan is always responsible for Dick Povella and Pat O'Brien as two of the Varner Brothers who were the most helpful to a young player who wants to make his mark. Hotel Hollivood is a wonderful and fun movie, dated, but charming.
