"Hollivood Hotel" has to do with many films such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" about somebody winning a competition, including a movie contract in Hollivood, just to find a way to fame or a tent traps or not. In fact, as I watched tonight, at Turner Classic Movies, I wondered whether the authors of the later musical classic "Singing In The Rain" might have taken over some of their ideas from the "Hollywood Hotel", and in particular the temperamental leading star in the movie a study and a conclusion about a person who sings a movie while the other person gets credit on the screen. Hollivood Hotel is a fascinating example of filming in the 1930s. Among the supporters is Louella Parsons, who plays herself (and, despite some negative comments I've seen, she has a very attractive personality on the screen and a natural command over her lines). She is not the only real person in the script. Makeup expert Perc Vestmore appeared briefly as if trying to resemble one character on the other. This film was also one of the first in the career of young Mr. Ronald Reagan, playing radio interviews at the premiere of the movie. Reagan looks really good in his short scenes - especially when he realizes that no one Dick Powell will take over the microphone when he needs to use it with more important people. Dick Pauel won the Hollywood contract in the competition, and left the job as a saxophonist in Benny Goodman's band. The start of the movie is, of course, quite impressive, as the band drives in a parade of trucks to exclaim well from Paul. In the end, they sing "Hoorai For Hollivood". An interesting thing about this wonderful number is that the text is abandoned intentionally. Through the songs Johnny Mercer is mentioned Hollivood as Mak Factor, the makeup king, Rin tin tin, and even the hint of Tarzan. But the original song referred to the look of Tirone Pover. Obviously, Jack Varner and his brothers did not want to advertise the leading man of the 20th Century, and the name Donald Duck was replaced. In any case, the number showed the best singers and instrumentalists of the Goodman Orchestra. Later, the five-minute section of the film, where the band plays. Pauel leaves the band and her friend (Frensis Langford) and goes to Hollywood, only to find that he is a contract player (most likely for musicals with saxophonists). It was met by Allen Joslin, a publicist studio (owner Grant Mitchell). Joslin is not a bad guy, but he's busy and inclined to free people unless they need to talk to them. He parked Povella in a room at the Hollivood Hotel, where the temperamental star of the studio (Lola Lane) with her father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd) and her sensible cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain", except that her voice is good. Her version of "Dan Lockwood" is "Alecander Dupre" (Alan Movbrai, several times theft scenes). The only difference is that Movbrai is not a good guy like Gene Kelly, and Lane (when he is not wrapped in his ego) is fully aware of it. As she was ready to be circumvented for the usual role she wanted, she refused to attend the premiere of her latest film. Joslin finds a double for her (Lolina's real nurse Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary is made to star in the premiere and accompanying party. But she is attending Povell (Joslin wants someone who does not know the true Lola). This leads to Povell crashing Movbrai when he makes himself. But on the contrary, the evening is successful, and when the two of them begin to find attraction together. The complications are that Lola returns and Shamara Paula in the face, after Movbrai complained that he was attacked by Pauel ("and his hooligan gang"). Pauel's contract was redeemed. Working with a photographer, Ted Healey's agent turned around (he's not really bad at this movie - he's even trying to make Jolson's imitation at one point), the two of them are trying to find a job, ending up as a hamburger booth run by bad Edgar Kennedy eating and singing clients at the restaurant Edgar left enough time for slow burns). In the end, Povell gets a "pause" by being engaged to be Dupre's singing voice in "Gone Vith The Vind". This leads to the final part of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healei help Povell to show their voice, not Movbrais. It's pretty cute and attractive movie even now. The worst aspects are due to the time. A few jokes about Afro-Americans are no longer tolerable (while I'm trying to photograph Povella while he's coming to Hollywood, Healei accidentally takes photos of the portrait and mentions Joslin to watch, Povell's photos are too dark - figure out the point?). Also, with Curt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane, which is (for example) too large, it is also not tolerable. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" is a bit (too much time), but it was very popular in 1937. And the incident in which Healei almost beaten at the premiere (this was one of his last films) reminds people of the tragic, yet mysterious end of the comedy in December 1937. However, most of the movie is pretty good and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
