The film begins with a mentally distressed girl with light yellow sneakers looking at the sky at the corner of Madrid's streets and staggeringly crossing the plane. The film explores the life of five women Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita and Isabel who have completely different lives and a choice of shoes. Their shoes are first superficial, and yet put into some kind of meaning, which points to their fragile identities. In a theatrically embroidered and decorated way, the podiatrix tries to esoterically reveal the deepest secrets of the female souls with the foot of their feet. The space is risky and a little fictitious, but the tone and depth of the film are brave for the good. What may have been carefree and superficial, it quickly switches to equipment with top dysfunctionality of a couple of scenes that leaves the viewer buried in minutes, seeing love or lack, pain, confusion, hope, needs, and mechanisms for going out through minutes of different rooms of the house and to the street and finally below ... What a scene (!), But others will be so effective to follow and strengthen the strong characterization and direction displayed in this part of life. Moving, the woman lost her husband whom she loved and inherited her children and cab, while the other completely lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. Spirit, the coming divorce? shame and regret. New love? Can you love the illusion? Can you love a person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can not love? Or do you think you can not love? Can you love and live your life though it will always be a little hopeless? Nevertheless, are not these hopes and dreams that are here held up in the spectrum of relative happiness? Many deep topics appear and the ultimate act gathers people and ideas to unite in an existential crisis without a clear solution, a definite decision, or effective healing. Perhaps an elusive thought, short-term feeling, but a lasting respect for life and art and the intellect of the film. Live. He lives again. Rewind the reel. Discover the right, important; many piedras of life. The rest is just a detail.
