A few stories intertwine about the different characters of women. The wearer's shoes serve as an indication of their problems. Everybody is transforming at the end of the movie. Adela (Antonia San Juan) leads the brothel; Her daughter Anita (Monica Cervera) is retarded and has a limited life. Leire (Najva Nimri) is a designer of shoes with problems and loses her boyfriend; Maricarmen (Vicki Pena) lost her husband and now raises the children of her late ex-wife. Isabel (Angela Molina) is a rich lady who is bored. Other characters are used to connect five main female characters. In the narrative, not everything was given at the beginning: Some of the links are set surprisingly late in the film and it adds experience. The theme of the shoes is brought to the limit: for example, when Leire is a shoe designer and works in a shoe store where she steals her shoes, she breaks one of the heels. between the scenes. The phone rings, the cigarette is on, the song, etc. They are used for connecting and fast cutting. A frequent change in the story prevents it from being boring and does not reach the TV level. It is strong musically guided to set the tone and atmosphere. The cities of Madrid and Lisbon serve as a background for stories, and the images of these cities are used to expand the story beyond the character. One of the more moving images is when Anita, who goes on a daily walk with the same walk, extends a walk and restricts life from a relative quiet street to a busy main road: How the space constraint is visually translated is done well. As with most Spanish films, many narratives are done visually, using stories like soap as a simple background. There is a poetic ending, which is somewhat romantic and sentimental, but it is still beautiful. As Ramon Salazar is too stuck in his material, it's too much. Some scenes are kitsch and at the level of soap, including acting (Adelin Love Life, Isabel's doctor). The shoe theme is an exaggerated and weak metaphor. This is often compared with Magnolia, because the structure is the same. But they are different. Magnolia is technically more competent, but somewhat mechanical. This has more possibilities for visual translation of emotions and the atmosphere. Once you see this, you are inclined to immediately move to a new movie city: Madrid.
