VIVAH is, in my opinion, the best 2006 film, which comes from a director who has proved successful during his career. These days I'm not too romantic about movies, because I see them as "old wine in a new bottle" and so predictable. However, I've been watching this movie three times ... and believe me it's a great movie. VIVAH returns to the traditional route, showing simple characters in a reasonable and realistic story about the journey between engagement and marriage. The movie is entertaining in all ways, because it can reflect on what we do (or would do) when it comes to marriage. In this sense Sooraj R. Barjatia did a good job and showed a very realistic story in a well-made, very entertaining movie. Several sequences in this movie immediately reveal your interest: * When Shahid Kapoor comes to see the Bride (Amrita Rao) - the way she tries to look at her without making it too obvious to his and her family . The song 'To Anjaana Einabi' agrees well with the mood of this scene. The first conversation between Shahid and Amrite, when he comes to see her - ie. Shameless Shahid does not know exactly what to say, but the retaliation of a decent conversation. Also, Amrita is naive nature, limited eye contact, shy characteristics and quiet response to Shahid's questions. * Emotional breakdown of Amrita and her uncle (Alok Nath) when she feeds him at Shahid's funeral of one's daughter-in-law, not loved by her nephew's nephew. It is clear that the film belongs to the whole Amrits Rao. The actress shows the role of Poonam with such conviction that you can not imagine being replaced by someone else. It looks nice throughout the movie, and perfectly portrays the portraits of innocent and shy traditional girls. Shahid Kapoor also works perfectly. He gives a promising performance and shows that it is nothing less than Salman Khan when it comes to acting in Sooraj R. Barjatia. In fact, Shahid and Amrita make a sweet pair on the screen, no doubt. Other characters - Alok Nath (Excellent), Anupam Kher (Brilliant), Mohan Joshi (Very Good). All in all, VIVAH delivers what it promised, a well-designed and realistic story of two families. The film has top performances, great story and great music that suits the film, as well as the incredible direction of Sooraj R. Barjatia. That must be seen!
