I recently returned and I watched this movie again because I have not seen it for years. When I first saw a movie, I was too young to figure out what the movie was about. Now that I saw it again, I could not believe what I missed all these years. To be able to watch movies for what they are, I think this movie was great. Most people feel that music is the best part, but I do not think that's true. Most people do not realize that the story is good because the judge is acting. The truth is that no one in the movie really tried to act, but they themselves. The whole main actor was just playing. They did not try to be anyone else, but themselves. I actually watched and analyzed the work and effort invested in the film. Now from my perspective, the situations shown in the film are mostly based on what was at that time music in Minneapolis and most of the things that are happening are actually the real events that happened in Prince's career and which can be said better than him? The music that came from the city then began to recognize and be revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential mainly in the "First Avenue & 7th St Entri" club where Prince, among other musicians, began his career. It is also known that Prince and Morris Dai always had competition with each other in real life, but that was friendly competition. They were always friends. So, the story basically takes place in relation to that competitive aspect of their rivalry, and not on their friendship that shows the true competing side of what happened at Club "First Avenue" during that time. Another reason why this movie is good is due to the fact that some of the situations that appear in the movie are actually based on the events through which the Prince went through in his life with a musical aspect and personal. For me, this made the movie more realistic as far as emotions are concerned, as it speaks of its temptations and troubles with the pre-superstart. Plus, his dedication to his performances is phenomenal. The prince made sure that every moment in the film was perfect. Whenever you hear a song in a movie, it is in perfect synchronization with the current situation. The Prince is in all the musical genius and has proved it on multiple occasions. This film is what the Prince has officially put on the map and has not slowed since. Anyone who watches this movie or has not yet seen it (incredibly), when you sit down and watch this movie, you have to watch it with intellect or you'll miss the whole aspect of the movie. If you really love music, this is definitely a movie to watch. Above what others say I think it's a great movie for watching and owning.
