This is one of the best movies coming from Bollywood for years. Certainly the best this year so far. Indian to the core, panoramic visions, hearty and melodic and soft music dialogues make the movie remarkable. A capable display of Indian values ​​and culture makes the viewer search for their roots in them and revives the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new life. This movie is for viewers who enjoy the call to their imagination and philosophical senses. If you love watching movies to excite all your nerves through action on the screen, sex or terror, then this movie is not for you, because you will see that the movie is not full 90 degrees in it. It's a simple story for a movie that can get. But it's exactly where the art of film is. A real life experience is provided, and the best is an experience that is full of value and hope. It is about the positive side of life, about the sweet things God has for people, as well as against regressive films that insist on showing don, terrorists and underworld. It's not about things and people who went bad. It's about goodness that continues and keeps the world running. Of course, every genre of films is respectable, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to get to a movie that flies against the electricity and tries to open the eyes of the public to hidden things and truths. Having said this, here are still ... The film is a journey from engagement to an agreed marriage - yes, it is, it is arranged marriage and the couple meet only through their own parents and learn to love. The six-month gap between engagement and marriage is long-lasting, not full of "tempting" events, but one that fosters growing love and loyalty to each other. They learn together the importance of their relationship and this invaluable period of their lives, and they work to strengthen marital relationships. But are they sufficiently reinforced? Their relationship will face a test not only of time but of wealth. Will he pass this test? That's what Vivah is.
