A lot of the underrated movie that tells the story of a young musician caught up in a slower spiral of domestic violence. Sometimes it's hard to watch, while Morris's day is portrayed as a misogyne, a prince like a knight on a (motorcycle) horse, he is still called to win twice as a woman as part of the scenario. The fact that he can and still appears as an erroneous but justified hero is the merit of writing. The prince is so free from ego in this movie not only to represent himself as a narcissistic megalomaniac who fights women, but his most famous song is fictional as if his father and Wendy & Lisa wrote. Still, two of his compositions - Computer Blue (though the weakest song on the album) and Darling Nikki - are shown as songs that kill the audience. Perhaps the only concession to the Princevan ego card is that it says (something shorter than the Prince) of Apolonia as 5'6. The heads of the actors under the term never appeared in other films, completely lacking the point), and are well-together in that direction. Morris Dai receives most posters for his pretty ham, although Jerome Benton is also responsible for his good rejection, especially in their stage performance, which is ridiculous. Dai and Benton even go so far that Abbot and Costello are routinely ridiculous, which lasts for a while. Finally, there is Prince. While I admit it is biased, I actually think that he is quite a good actor in the sense that he can display a self-contained version. Acting NOT IN YOUR profession, this was a movie made for entertainment, so everyone points out that the guy in the main role is not Robert DeNiro and think they make a point, unfortunately it is deceived. I do not want this review to be a sneering attack by other people's comments, but even this film should have a small budget and be dark in the light. How would a film about family violence be filmed? With full floodlights and a CGI dinosaur that enters the frame? The film works almost like a perfect record of neon light and skinny era ties? until you remember that it's really made in the world of curly perks and small synthesizers, and that's not some kind of retro-recreation. Prince's best film with Oscar-winning music, he sees it in his zenith, and it's sad to realize that, even if he made some good albums, he would never have caught up to this climax.
