Playing a character from a literary classic can be a bit of a poison to the actor, paying for the pleasure of meat character by competing with the fantasies of the generations of readers? not to mention many other actors who were besieging the castle. Fortunately for a fantasy, this version ?? with the beautiful band Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton ?? standing above the head and shoulders above the versions that followed. This is the true length of the story to be fulfilled rightly, and significantly uses Bronte's dialogue; nothing of that modern mixing, cutting text and adding new and inferior scenes. The magic of the original story lies in the tension between the central characters, and the circumstances of life create for them to lead. I do not ?? "Poor, ordinary and small" ?? grows up on the love of a cold aunt, her nature and independence shaped by a long spell in a very difficult school. He comes as the governor of Mr. Rochester's household, completely without a friend and himself. It is usually suppressed by duty and hard experience, but its passionate nature soon finds its touch paper in its strict, highly intelligent, mysterious teacher, to whom it is attracted, as it is to her, beyond the forces of their control. Rochester is a tiger in a cage, busy with the "sword of hell with energy"; potentially dangerous for anyone who comes in contact with him ?? but "passable, through a tooth or two". His character is remarkable: he takes extraordinary freedom with paid subordinates; but then Jane is not an ordinary employee, as she sees. But the dark secret, and the heavy trials, lie both before them. Satisfaction is to hear Bront's remarkable dialogue spoken by so successful actors? Dalton is especially designed for passion on the Brontovsky scale. If you've ever seen him as not so memorable as Bond, you missed what he was best at. Those who commented that his Rochester was too handsome, miss the meaning of these dramatization: his character simply has too much screen time for a really ugly man to keep the observer's attention. Timothy Dalton is right, not always or consistently handsome, but often looking, remarkably, just as it should be. And Zelah Clarke's Jane is not a vallflover; she conveys the emotions of a woman who usually suppresses her sense of humor and her passionate nature very successfully, allowing her rare outbursts to show a more dramatic effect. Not so long ago, the BBC broadcasts a great dramatization of enlightened Jean Rice and the most unpleasant burglary to Brontea, the "Broad Sargasso Sea", imagining the story of the first Mrs. Rochester. Do you check? You will never see the "hero" of Jane Eire in the same way.
