The production of the BBC "Jane Eire" in 1983 in which actresses Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) has always been and will always be my favorite Jane Eire. If you watch another version of Jane Eire without reading a book, it will be like watching a regular movie that you will forget the next day. But watching this is almost the same as reading a book. I watched these minions very much when I was little and inspired me to read the book. At that time, I did not pay attention to how much this TV production was near the book. I recently watched the Jane Eire version of 1996 and I was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours and did not have many important scenes from the book (like my favorite Gypsy scene). After that, I fell in love with Jane Eire, because it includes all the important scenes of the book and only tells the whole story (other versions, if you did not read the book). Play from 1983. Jane Eire is great. The truth is that Timothy Dalton is a very handsome actor (handsome enough to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he is as big as Rochester that I can not imagine anyone else playing this role. And Zelah Clark is undoubtedly the only Jane to follow the book's description. The other thing that makes this movie so great is the clothes and the composition of the actors. Jane looks so modest and naive, just as Bronte describes (though she does not look like 18, but do you actually pay attention to this? ...) Some people say this is "Jane Eire "" is too long, but I'd rather spend all day watching it than spend 2 hours watching another version. " Some say the film is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate enough, or because there are not enough "scenes of kissing". I hate when Jane Eire turns into a "Hollywood movie" with inappropriate scenes of kissing. You do not have to turn on the "crazy, madly in love" scenes to show love between Jane and Rochester. Both Zelah and Timothy express this love so perfectly that there are no other necessary scenes !! I am 19 years old, and many girls of my age call this film "boring and old-fashioned". But I can only regret that they do not value his purity and beauty. After all, the novel was set in the 19th century, and this old-fashioned look makes it more attractive and more like a book. I think there will never be another version of Jane Aire that will have popularity and love for this one. Regardless of who plays Jane and Rochester in other films, the real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
