I recently saw this production on DVD. It's the first time I've seen it since it was originally broadcast in 1983 and it was as good as I remembered. At first, as it was concerned, it would look old-fashioned and I suppose it's a bit obsolete and very wise, as BBC's series were at that time. (I do not have wonderful costume drama that seemed to be like Sunday afternoon). I am a little "purple Jane Eire" because it is my favorite book and I have never seen another production that is loyal to this book. I recently read the book again and part of the dialogue is only on the spot. Reading the scene near the end where Rochester questions Jane about how St. All other productions that have been done seem to be missing in some way, some even omit the Rivers family and their relationship with Jane in general. I also think that this is the only production that includes the choreography of "Gypsy". Kasting is perfect, Zelah Clarke is like Jane described in the book "Little Plains and Dark" and I do not agree that she looked too old. Timothy Dalton may be a bit too handsome, but it's absolutely perfect as Rochester, showing every aspect of his character just as well as playing socks! I agree with other comments that he is even rather terrifying in time, as in the scene when he slowly turns into a church when the wedding is interrupted, his expression is fantastically intimidating. But then in his second favorite scene, his joy is wonderful to see when Jane runs down the stairs and enters his arms the morning after expressing his love for each other. Love that is beautifully presented and completely convincing. Oh, be loved by such a man! There were, however, several scenes that were strangely missing, as when Jane climbed to bed with dying Helen, and also when Rochester takes Jane to buy her wedding things (I thought one was in it, but maybe I remembered deals with tricks). Finally, if you never see a different production of Jane Eire - you simply see most of this, it's simply perfection!
