My comments for VIVAH: - His charming, idealistic love story featuring Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao. The film returns us with little pleasures like the bridesmaids and grooms sleeping on the floor, playing together, friendly jokes and respecting each other. Vivah refers to the sacredness of marriage and to the importance of commitment between two people. Yes, the central romance is naively visualized. But the romantic moments between the young men and their stubborn resistance to modern courtship games make you crave idealism. The film predictably ends with marriage, and the groom, on a wedding night, tells her new bride who is suffering from burns: "Let's get dressed" VIVAH - shows a lot of good things - the beauty of a beautiful marriage, the beauty of Indian culture , the beauty of Indian women, and last but not least, the lovely IDEALISM of what will be a couple waiting to marry .... to play by the rules! Simple yet beautiful; Such a simple story ... there is no plot ... there is no criminal - as is the case with most Sooraj Barjatia films. Sooraj cheese returned to what BEST does. He made a movie with FULL CONVICTION. It's a very sweet movie - which teaches the current generation of many good things about a planned marriage and Union 2 families. I think AMRITA RAO - looks very good and has behaved well. She has most of the good scenes - although I thought that in the last half an hour, Shahid Kapur was completely - who, for the change, gave a terribly restrained performance. I also liked the actions of everyone else for the former. Choti, i.e. Amrita Prakash, Alok Nath, Anupam Kher, Shahid's brother and sik. It almost seemed like real and recognizable. Sooraj cheese got another nice family movie at his own expense after Maine Piar Kiia, HAHK and Hum Saath Saath Hain. Chemistry between Shahid and Amrit is PREDICTED. Things like sacredness in marriage / relationship, avoiding courting, mutual respect, caring and space, waiting for marriage "officially", prayer / sacrifice for a loved one - all this and more we get SHOVCASED in Vivah. There is still a good audience going and enjoying this movie. Some of the people / audience are already excited after seeing that they are thinking about an arranged marriage :) It's a success if you ask me. It seems that AMRITA RAO - our actress-of-vivaha {the result for a fine performance} has been awarded the prestigious DADSAHEB PHALKE award for 2006 !! He surrenders to this achievement for Chalo, although Vivah, Shahid or Amrita did not receive any film prize and other awards; @ least this is the news for CHEER about !! Congratulations to AMRITA RAO for showing us the vision of the Indian bride in the purest form and of course Sooraj Barjatia for her portrait in the best way :) Do not forget Shahid Kapur and all the others that VIVAH make sweet and legendary as it is today! Imagine sharing the same pedestal as the legendary Dilip Kumar .......... This is no achievement !! Congratulations to Amrita Rao - who took her career to the second level with this award .... I personally feel - she should continue to work only with Shahid Kapur! They make a sweet couple and their chemistry on the screen reminds me of {SRK-Kajol} or {Aamir Khan & Juhi Chavla} ................. <br /> Some points I noticed, several elements: - # 1 If you carefully notice, Amrita Rao looks so good because she always wears traditional dresses. She gives every piece of an Indian woman - in this movie !! Perfect Fit # 2 Shahid Kapur is like most of us - not quite ready for marriage or early marriage ... but PREM carefully listens to the step-wise speech given by his DAD - who has a full faith in Anupam Kher. In the end, "Honesty" and "Trust" are the key words that he reflected in his first conversation with Amrita. Most people would think that such a first meeting with a total stranger plus a limited time is never sufficient to estimate a person. But, according to what I saw in this movie, I have the feeling - that two people who are created one after the other can also connect within the first encounter, it is possible !!! # 3 In the whole film - basically there are 4 or 5 sequences in which Shahid & Amrita are together - or are shown together. Unlike most other romantic / wedding movies where Hero & Heroine always sing / dance today - they do cheap things. But the beauty of each of these 5 sequences: - It is characterized by restraint, innocence and respect for the other! # 4 I really liked the connection between Chacha ALOK NATH & Amrita Rao. These films should highlight the indifference shown to daughters / girls in some parts of India. # 5 The romantic scene between the lead pair was shot very nicely - there are no inexpensive scenes, the songs are beautifully painted !! Words such as "Jal", "Praarthan" e.tc. will be buzzvords for all the girls who loved this movie :) Personally, I really love many dialogues in this movie. # 6 Last but not least - The whole hospital scene in which Shahid puts "sindhoor" Amrits when he fights for life - is great. These dialogues between pairs are so touching and in the feeling of LOVE / I-no-U-without-U; It's a Hats-Off feel !!! *** In many ways, VIVAH reminded me of Maine Piar Kiia, DDLJ, Kaiamat Se Kaiamat Tak, Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam - for the freshness / chemistry of the film on the LEAD pair:) :) * ** IF ASK ME: - With films such as Rang De Basanti, Lage Raho Munnabhai, DOR, CORPORATE and Kabul Ekpress, VIVAH is among the best 2006 films. watching / business than Dhoom2 or Fana or Golmaal or all those time-pass / fuzzi / styles / crap movies !!
