* SPOILER ALERT: I would like to be able to talk about this without finding specific points, but I can not. I'm sorry. * I was looking for an IMDb movie review by George C. Scott when I came across a summary and reviews for this version. He had so many positive reviews that I decided to order them though: (a) while I was shortened and hurried, I thought George C. Scott embodied the painful nature (and physical appearance) of Rochester's book in T; and (b) even as I watched the cover of a DVD, I thought "is not Timothy Dalton too handsome for the role?" The latter concern is heightened by the fact that I decided to read the book again while the DVD was on the back row. When I started to look at this, I was enchanted. In the beginning, it was disturbing to hear the dialog of the 1840s that was written - with little or no modernization attempts - but Dalton and Clarke basically threw them into the fact that I really enjoyed the fact that the adapters believed the audience to follow the archaic speech. Having the bulk of the book on the screen was an additional bonus. I know someone who will not watch some versions of Jane Eira because "who wants to see a movie about a man who keeps the poor crazy wife in the attic?" Frankly, if someone who did not read the book came for an hour and a half or two or two hours, they will think that this is all that the story carries - Rochester's secret and its influence on everything around you. Fortunately, this version actually talks about the whole life of Jane Eire. Some people have criticized casting. Dalton is too flying; Clarke is too reserved. I can not argue against the first point, but he is so "instantly" to believe that he is Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is on track. Jane Eire is silent, guarded. If you remember books, much of Jane's grown-up and passion grows during her private fight. Some of the criticisms confuse me. The reviewers say Clarke is too short or not good enough. The book goes infinitely as little as Jane is. Mrs. Clarke should not be high, and the directors reduced her appearance and made Jane's statements about her lack of beauty to be credible. She can hardly help her if Dalton is tall. Some say there is no chemistry between traces. What?!! The scene when Jane finally comes out of the room after the fiasco wedding pretty vibrates with passion, craving, sorrow and regret - and that's just the first example that comes to mind. I agree with some other reviews. And I missed more scenes with Helen Burns and brothers and sisters Rivers. Some dialogue is oddly abbreviated. When Rochester declares: "Jane, you misjudged me. I do not hate it because it's crazy," I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explains that Jane would still like and care for her. It's a strong moment in the book and I want it included. I think it was a mistake to take the scene with Rochester into the story of Jane alone. Perhaps it was made for clarity, but I found it to be disturbing. I wanted a cute humor scene where Jane thinks Rochester's passion will cool down and will become rough again, but maybe she'll like her again. Dalton's performance is so good that the rarely wrong step is glittering - when Rochester cries in the library, I saw him as an actor crying the scene, not like Rochester. As far as the sets are concerned, if anyone has ever captured an episode of the Dark Shadows of the 1960s, someone knows what to expect - a very sharp and sometimes unsteady appearance of the interior. Others commented in detail and sarcastically about make-up of Rochester Sport in the end. Iikes! That's bad. The conclusion is too sharp. After this pain and uncertainty, I wanted to round off the end. And, on my DVD copy, there will be points at the beginning and end of all eleven episodes of 25-30 minutes a bit. In this way, I'm glad to have this movie and I'll watch it again and again.
