There are many adaptations of the classic novel of Charlotte Bronte "Jane Eire", and taking into account the numerous reviews they have written about them, there is a lively discussion of which of them is the best. All of the short film adaptations suffer from the fact that it is simply not possible to bend the story of the novel into a film of about 100 minutes. Therefore, these films only show a few parts of the novel. TV series have proven to be a more suitable format for displaying all the different life episode of heroin. There are three TV mini series, issued in '73, '83 and 2006. is not only the worst of these three, but the worst of all adaptations by Jane Eire and a striking example of a completely overrated movie. Beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by rude and trivial, and the key scenes are either deleted or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. What leads to this is that the characters shown do not only have nothing in common with Rochester and Jane's novel and behave exactly the opposite as described in the book, but also that their behavior and language are absolutely inconsistent with the behavior of the period in which the novel is set. It's a stupid soap opera, in which actors look and act like they were mistakenly put in costumes in the 1850s. This "Jane Eire" (how dare to call it) is really a slap in the face of Charlotte Bronte. The 1973 version is a very faithful novel in the fact that long dialogues between the g. and Jane are shown in their full length. But what works well in the novel does not necessarily have to function nicely on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is too complex and intricate to look natural when it comes to speaking on the screen, and constant breaks of dialogue by Jane's voice transmitters contribute to the impression of artificial and stagnation. And despite loyalty to the novel, the essence of the scene is not captured. Another problem is the flood of the main characters. Sorcha Cusack's picture of Jane as a bold, self-confident, worldly wise young woman is completely in conflict with the literary model, and Michael Jaiston, although a good actor, simply does not possess the command physical presence nor the charisma necessary for playing Rochester. Although a decent adaptation simply fails to convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never really fills the audience. All mistakes of the version from '73. They were corrected in the television mini-series '83. Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although from the purist point of view, Timothy Dalton is too handsome, tall and slender to be Rochester, he has essential qualities for the role: He has an imposing physical presence, great magnetism and air of self-confidence and authority. And despite his incomprehensible beauty, it seems gentle and hard to convince the dark Lord Thornfield. But the excellence of his performance lies in the way in which he displays all aspects of Rochester's character. Of all the actors who played Rochester, he was the only one who caught them: Rochester's rudeness, almost daring, his craving and surprise, as well as his funny side, his tenderness, his care and deep, vigorous love. Dalton's treatment of the language of Charlotte Bronte is also wonderful. Even the most obvious and complicated thoughts from Rochester sounds absolutely true and natural when Dalton delivers them. He is the definitive Rochester, unsurpassed and unsurpassed, and after watching him in that role, it's impossible to imagine Rochester playing in any other way or by any other actor. Zelah Clarke brings equally excellent. performance in the role that may be even harder to play better than that in Rochester. She just describes Jane's novel, externally shy, reserved and guarded young woman, but possesses a great depth of feeling and equally great power of will. She beautifully sees duality in Jane's character: her modesty and respect on the one hand, and her fire and passion on the other, her apparent weakness and her unbearable feeling for the good and the wrong. She and Dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure pleasure. As far as loyalty to the literary model is concerned, this version also quotes literally from the novel, as well as the version from '73. Dialogues are shortened in this version, but the basic lines that are necessary for the characterization of the protagonists and the development of the plot remain unchanged. Thus, the writer avoided any artificial speech, while fully preserving the beauty and originality of the language of Charlotte Bronte. Unlike the earlier version of the BBC, the essence of each scene is perfectly trapped. The novel's story is followed with even greater precision than in the '73 series. It is almost a scene for the stage presentation of the novel, where the same time and emphasis is put on every episode of Jane's life. It is the only adaptation of Jane Eire that has a gypsy scene that is worthy of a novel, and the only one that gives full justice to the key and most useful scene of the novel when Jane and Rochester meet after the aborted wedding. Timothy Dalton especially plays this scene with top-class skill. It makes him almost painfully intense by Rochester's troubles as he realizes that Jane's decision is to leave him, and his crazy attempts to leave her final despair while she really leaves him. It is a heartbreaking, almost devastating scene, which will remain for a long time with the viewer. Even with smaller roles that are perfectly set, a great script and two ideal leading actors, this is definitely the only true "Jane Eire".
