I felt obliged to watch the adaptation of "Jane Eire" 1983 by Timothy Dalton / Zelah Clarke, because I just wrote an article about the BBC "Jane Eire" for TheScreamOnline. So, I'm getting closer to observing the way I would approach home-based tasks. At first I was irritated. Lighting in this version is bad. Everything / everything was washed in a light white cool light that, in some scenes, casts shadows on the wall behind the characters. The sound is poorly recorded. I felt like listening to a play from high school. And makeup for pancakes is too tough. And the sets do not fully transmit the gothic mood. novel. They are too troublesome, and Martha Stevart. I just can not see Bronte Rochester respecting Martha Stevart's domestic arrangements. Orson Velles' Rochester lived in a dark cave, very suitable for the gothic mood of the novel. Still ... with all those objections ... not only this is the best "Jane Eire" I've seen, maybe it's the best adaptation of every novel I've ever seen. This "Jane Eire", despite its technical flaws, brought me back the feeling of reading "Jane". Eire "for the first time. Critics of this production say it's too close to the book. For me, someone who appreciated the book and did not need to be less" prudent "or any less" Christian " or more segregated, the loyalty of this version to Bronte's novel is actually his best advantage.> Bronte has written a good book. There is a reason why it took 150 years plus, while others, cabbage, sexy and lighter texts disappeared <br /> As a longtime fan of "Jane Eire," I had prejudice against Timothy Dalton as Rochester, Rochester, Jane and Rochester are well-known ugly couple of books, and Timothy Dalton is nothing but astonishingly handsome. But Dalton gives a fascinating performance like Rochester, he just drove me away, I've never seen anything Like his commitment to the role, text, dialogue and Rochester's love for Jane, Dalton brings Rochester to the shattering life on the screen. Rochester should have been a bit daunting. "Dalton is terrifying. For example, Velles got a scary railroad, for example, when he cried "Enough!" after Fontaine plays a short piano. But Dalton is terrible more than once, here. You really can not say whether he will hurt Jane, or himself, in his despair. Rochester's Command, his humor, his anger, his vulnerability: Dalton transmits everything, sometimes even spaces. It's amazing. And here's the key thing - an actor who runs Rochester has to pass that he spent more than a decade of his life in extreme despair, alone, living with an ugly secret that ruins life. No other actor whom I saw attempted this part transmits that black hole of despair as Timothy Dalton. Current favorite Tobi Stephens does not try. Dalton hit him out of the park. If I had seen Timothy Dalton running Rochester at the bar for singles, I would say, "This guy is trouble. Do not even look at him." He is the one that is radioactive with deadly agony. Zelah Clarke is not only, in general, the best Jane I've ever seen, she is one of the few Janes that the producers were willing to show how the book throws Jane. . No, people who know "Jane Eire" only from the 2006 version, Bronte did not * describe the statue, the robust Jane with finely rounded eyebrows and pouty lips. Instead, Jane Charlotte Bronte is really poor, simple, unclear, and a bit, and NOT beautiful. Zelah has a small mouth, close eyes and a little nose. She's really "little". She is not a fashion model. And she's the best Jane, the most honest in the book. Some have described it as cold or boring. No, she's true to the book. Jane Bronte is not a red mother, she is sheltered, deprived of a teen whose inner passions come out only at key moments, as Zelah is doing here. Jane's book is someone to look slowly, carefully, patiently, cautiously, if you really want to take the depth of it. You must see Zelah here to get to know who she really is. I would have liked to see more fires in Zelah on one of the key scenes, but this is a five-hour scenario that is otherwise very good. In spite of my closeness with the text, this version, like any other version I have seen, goes from a full explanation of openly Christian themes in "Jane". Eire. "Christianity is not a casual subtext in Jane Eire, that is central life. It is Christianity, and the Christian God, who assures the poor, ordinary, vague Jane of its equal value, its need to fulfill its ideals and reject the key proposal for marriage It's not quite clear here. In any case, Charlotte Bronte wrote an excellent, complex, rich novel, and its adaptation, all of which I saw, mine and honor. The novel best of any adaptation which I have seen, and this is much talked about. Other versions that do not fully respect If you do not care about what Charlotte Bronte has to say about child abuse, or hypocrisy of a culture built on looks and money, your adaptation of a great deal of the book will be something that will speed up people to would come to the stage of kissing between Jane and Rochester. This version, like Bront's novel, realizes that everything Bronte wrote about Jane's experiences in Lovood and her relationship with St. explosive and unforgettable.
