Yes, this production is long (good news for fans of Bronze!) And there are a bit of outdated feelings, but both casting and acting are so brilliant that you do not want to watch other versions! Timothy Dalton Edward Rochester ... it's so simple. I do not care what other reviewers claim to be too convenient. Dalton is certainly attractive but not beautiful. In fact, it has a steep, angular dark charm that, in my opinion, is quite in line with the mysterious, very masculine g. R. And he takes over Rochester's sad, tortured person so fiercely. He shows the whirlwind when the scene searches, but also shows Rochester's gentle, passionate and emotional side. (IMO's new A & E production suffers because Ciaran Hinds - whom I usually adore - seems to be embarrassed and abused ...) When I read the novel, I always see Zelah Clarke as Jane. Ms. Clarke, for me, looks like Jane as she describes herself (and others described her). Little, childish, fairy ... although it's true that the actress does not look like 18, she so well displays Jane's attributes. While other critics argued that her acting was wooden or without emotions, it must be remembered that the character spent 8 years in Lovood in order to be trained to keep her emotions and "passionate nature" under control. Her main inspiration was her childhood friend, Helen, which was a picture of corruption. Although her real nature was different, Jane learned to rule with her temper and seemed obedient, in accordance with school goals for her students for charity purposes that would go to the "service." Jane becomes the Governor of the House of Rich Mr. Rochester. I would certainly not speak to him as equal. Even later, when she gave, how much she got, she would always remember that her cell was far below her employer. However, if you read the book - on which this production remains incredibly close - you can clearly see the small struggles Zelah-as-Jane suffers while subordinating her emotions to remain mild and calm. <br /> <br> The chemistry between Dalton and Clarke is just fine, I think. No, it does not look like Hollywood at all (thank God! It's not a Hollywood book), but their romance is true, loyal and loyal. And for a woman like Jane, who never imagined she had any kind of love, it's a little miracle. The rest of the casting is great, and I like the fact that almost every one here is a character from the book. Likewise, there is a lot of rich, poetic original dialogue. This version is the only one I know to include a wonderful, infamous 'gypsy scene' and in general, it has more humor than other versions I've seen. In particular, the mutual teasing between the main characters comes from the book and so it is wonderful! Jane Eire, in many ways, was one of the first romanticized feminists. Finally, she accepted love in her own way and independently, and, finally, as Rochester is true. Simply beautiful!
