Call this episode brilliant, it seems to be too small. To say that this is a great work of seasonal premieres is also reductive, because so far it was not far from the great episode of Sopran. In fact, the title could be a complimentary invitation for those who are not yet the true fans: Join the club ... Pick up where the Junior has stopped (putting a bullet in his niece's stomach after a misunderstanding) he's a thief which he killed in the first season), the story starts with Tony, which is absolutely good. Without any recollection of what happened to him, he attended a kind of convention. He just does not speak with his normal accent, and it seems that something is wrong with his papers: obviously, he is not Tony Soprano but Kevin Finnerti, or at least that's what a group of people thinks, and until the mess clashes of course, in pure Sopran's tradition, it turned out to be just a dream: Toni is actually in a coma, while doctors uncertain about his fate, his family and friends were worried about the sick and Junior refuses to believe that the whole thing actually happened. Unfortunately, Anthony Jr. he seems to be ready to revenge the attempt of his father's life. Dreams often appeared in the series, often as some kind of spiritual trial for the protagonists (especially in the fifth edition of The Test Dream). Join the club, however, taking the metaphysical quality of the program, to which the use of the song Villiam S. is already indicated. Burroughs from the previous episode, and pushes the envelope in the bravest way: Tony hallucinates about his dead friends (the first appearance of this kind is caused by food poisoning, four seasons) is one thing, and in fact it's what the Purgatory seems radically different. The "heavenly" part of the story is full of allergic meanings, not just Toni's name is given (as one character indicates, writing in a certain way will give you the word "infinity"), and none of it comes to light. David Chase has created a piece of work that is too intelligent to use strange items only for his own good; All this helps to talk. Speaking of "help from above" in the case of Tony Sopran can still stretch it.
