Let me start by saying that after watching this episode for the first time on a DVD at 10 am P.M. One night, I could not sleep until about 3:00. This brief overview can contain a spoiler. I am a longtime fan Soprana and I can say with certainty that this is the best episode I've ever seen. I'm not saying that everyone should feel like this, but I know. This episode is identical to the weekend I spent with my family, monitoring my father, who in the ICU before he passed. the identity was wrongly replaced by a man named Kevin Finnerti. When ten minutes passed, I knew whether Toni was dreaming, or I was watching another performance. It was not like normal Sopranos and I loved it. Option 1 is confirmed when Anthony (or "Kevin") looks at the sky at the "helicopter reflector" and we see the penetration of a doctor with a lamp through it. We see this only for a moment and the order takes place until we return to real life in a situation similar to that I just stated. Tony came out from whom only for a moment. His guys take A.J. home and Carmella, busy with stress, breaks in the hallway: the moment of signature in the episode. For the rest of the episode, we cut between the real world: the family that deals with potential negative outcome of this coma, and Tony's alternative reality, which is parallel to what is happening in his mind and in the real world around him. Then comes the star point in the episode: after the AJ ends by telling his mother to drop out of school, she went to see Meadows sitting on Anthony's side. In Tony's world, he enters a dark hotel room and turns on the light. She takes off her shoes and goes to the phone. He tries to call, but he can not - as if trying to say something Carmeli, but he could not physically call it. Not yet. He sat down and looked out the window. The flashing light that reappeared during the episode now seems to be calling it from the other side of the city. <br /> <br /> "When I was cold I'd like to die" Mobi is perfectly marry these last pictures. and helps to create an emotional slide of one episode. 10 out of 10. PS: See the next episode. You will find out what is light. That's wonderful.
