Okay, I did not get the Purgatory thing the first time I was watching this episode. It seemed as if something important happened that I could not put my finger on. This time the Costa Mesa fire on TV really attracted my attention - and that helped me to write an essay on Inferno! But let me see what I have not yet talked to ... TVOP's review mentioned that Tony had 7 steps to descend because of a broken elevator. Yes, 7 is a significant number for many reasons, especially religious, but here's another one for you. I consulted the Vikipedia and guess what Dante shared on 7 levels? Purgatorio. Excluding an ante purifier and paradise. (Things at the bottom of the stairs and ... what Tony can not come up with.) On the supposedly "random" monk scene. As soon as the monks appeared, it fit perfectly into the place where Tony was trying to get out of the Purgatory. You can say that he was worried when the Christian advertisement (death, illness and sin) came, and he becomes more and more desperate because the Christian paradise seems a little suspicious to him. While he meets the monks, he thinks, "Hey maybe these guys can help me?" which sounds like thinking about other religions (for example, Buddhism) and wondering if another time can lead to "salvation". It is not that Toni necessarily thought literally about becoming a Buddhist, but Finnerti seems to have tried it (and messed up). This slap basically tells Tony that there is no quick solution - as in, no, you can not suddenly accept Buddhism and get out of here. Tony was initially not too concerned about coming to heaven. But at the "conference entrance", he realizes that it will not be so easy for him. At first I saw the name opposite to the driver's license, while Toni led a kind of double life, which was the secret of most people by killing people and sleeping around him. He feels free to have a Quasi-Melfi affair because "he is Kevin Finnerti." He realized that he could deceive some people with KF cards, such as receptionists of the hotel, but would not get him out of the Purgatory. These helicopters - Heaven helicopters - follow him and everything he does. After you've read all the inFinnerti theories, KF's identity seems to be a reminder of the infinity of the different ways that Tony could have taken in his life. Perhaps, along with a car for a car that concerns Infiniti, which is to me otherwise without meaning. At that moment my brain is evaporating.
