The story of Hare Rama Hare Krishna actually came to the mind of Dev Ananda when he saw the hippies and their fallen values ​​in Kathmandu where he was visiting after a protest against his previous Prem Pujari in Calcutta. He was in a low position because his film was opposed, and some of them burned Prem Pujari's posters. But the life of a hippie set the story in Dev's mind to turn into a movie. This was Dev Anand, perhaps the best directing effort. The film was a super hit hit at the box office, and Zeenat Aman as Dev's sister made a huge impact. This film is Dev Anand's call to the nation to maintain its moral values. It is an Indian family based on Monterey, and the brother's role is very kind to his sister. But parents quarreled and separated leaving Prashant (Dev) with his mother and Jasbir (Zeenat) with his father. On several occasions she was told that her mother and brother were dead, and she ultimately believes that she will never see Prashant again. Dev grew up in the pilot and learned that Jashbir was in Kathmandu with certain hippies. To reunite with his sister, Dev travels to Kathmandu and meets Shanti (Mumtaz) who will later marry him and Janice, who is in reality Jabbir with a new name and new identity. She also forgot her childhood and Dev. Dev must return his sister among all the other events that include his suspicion that the thief in Kathmandu and the people are after his life. This was a story that was well directed and acted - by Dev Ananda. We see more Zeenat Amman than Mumtaz. But Rahul Dev Burman's music was well-composed. Dev for the first time offered music composed by Sachin Dev Burman, but Burman did not want Dev to make a movie. He was very close to Dev and his previous film Prem Pujari, although he was good, but he opposed himself in Calcutta. Burman That he wanted Dev to try a lighter subject, because he thought that a hippie cult film could again provoke the rage of people against Dev. But Dev continued with a film that encouraged Burman Yes, and the film was really successful. Kanchi re Kanchi was another good number. All in all, it's a good movie.
