In an attempt to combine drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this film: "Things that make life worthwhile. "It's not an original discovery, by the many voices you have (it's completely out of the field, by the way), but it's a little off the norm in Spanish cinema. The bad side is that the elements that form the film are poorly combined and some points are not well developed, are inexcusable. In the life of two people close to middle age. This is basically what Gomez Pereira's movie is. Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a stationary (paradoxical) one who, despite the burden of the drama of the drama, seems to be willing to change things , only this explains that his commitment to m loletniku could mean a turning point in its existence, according to Audrei Tautou of "Long dating '(Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says such things myself," if I find a coin in front of the corner that will now change my luck. "Of course, to find him, he begins to play" Today could be a great day "(Hoi puede ser un gran dia) Joan Manuel Serrat and several crosses on his way to Hortensia (Ana Belen). Take away the valerian for sleeping, organize birthday celebrations as an exemplary mother, told her faith in God and lead to the speed of the murderous mother Hortensia is a woman of many contradictions in her behavior, life went to his head job data as "70% of people fall in love only once in their life" and they said, although they do not Jorge and the unemployed do not rule out the possibility that it is "sadistic" sleeping in the shoulder of the cinema Later, a communion, a dance at a luxury wedding banquet, a back car, and other things that the players look like live a unique experience, but in the end become rather difficult for the viewer. "Things That Make Life Worth" Debate Between Us is a drama of two adults who have no other to make them see where their strange relationship is, and, vice versa, make us take the case as a comedy, focusing on things like Chinese singing at a wedding (which are funny in itself) or a drunken person. The problem is that it does not leave us time to connect with the players, so we can not identify with the dramatic, nor give us a solid basic comic strip, leaving everything but a pure joke. In the end, everything is mixed up in a way that the viewer no longer knows well whether he laughs or grieves, and ends up and does not. And the truth is that something is not seen thousands of times, it's not the kind of film we find to bend every corner, but it's not different enough or special as we want. Ana Belen (apparently far less than 53 years old in this movie) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very pleased to see the work, but this time seems sufficiently prepared or comfortable enough in scenes that require calmness to prevail in film, so that in moments like "accidents" with children in the bar, it seems that something comes out of their hands. Perhaps a very dramatic change that has to be done, but it is not an excuse to drop our guard. In any case, both translators can easily raise the pace of the function. "Things That Make Life Worth" work only to a modest level of entertainment. No claim that is beyond that point is fulfilled, as a romantic comedy or dramatic, I suppose, they wanted, can not afford to allow small moments to end successfully (out of the bad) as one in which one of the characters speaks and laughs, lost drunk, in comparison with the boy who remains in a coma partly because of him. For people like Rosario Pardo does not do much, making a typical friend launched with the greatest contribution to the film's phrase "must be messed up", and the soundtracks, though significant, are not only appropriate. The truth is that Manuela Gomez Pereira's film has its hits (some of the moments involving Jose Sacristan), but the whole is an anode story, a movie with good intentions and a good result when it's better.
