What does Marquis de Sade have to do with Egyptian archeology and cults worshiping cults? Tobe Hooper is trying to answer this question with a strange little movie. Genie is a young sweater who visits her father in archeology in Alexandria, Egypt. Genie is caught in a mysterious whore (and an open lesbian) serving dad on the side. Dad returns to a place where he finds a tomb with what looks like a mermaid on it. Genie meets the descendant of Markus de Sade, and falls on a crazy Egyptian (providing the hottest scenes of the film). In the end, Genie finds out that she is a victim, and the prolonged and bloody climax starts. This story is wrapped around the footage of Markuis de Sade in prison, which tells the portrait of what looks like Genie. Robert Englund is as great as Marquis and his descendants. His acting skills were always burdened with the demands of his makeup, so he was allowed to shine here. His best performance is still in Killer Tongue, if you have not seen it yet. The rest of the actors, including the young Genie, are beautiful and average. The scenario, however, is problematic. You'll quickly find that the Markuis scene is completely unnecessary, except perhaps the movie makers who had access to the cool set. A siren cult that eventually saves Genie does not make any sense. Whoever is siren is never explained, and her relationship with Christianity (quoted through the film) is nothing. The movie is very anti-Christian, because the archaeologist is a biblical father, but he likes to be associated with a local prostitute. There are many scenes of bullying and violence, but Hooper probably had little idea of ​​what scriptwriters are trying to say. I know I have no idea. So why recommend this movie? It is strange. There is an extended sexual scene. For ladies, wealthy Egyptians are riding their horse completely naked. Englund is wonderful. Do you like snakes? This movie is full of them. This is like Roger Corman with a bigger budget. To know that Hooper had somehow come up with a "crocodile", it's pretty sad then. "Night horrors" are not perfect, but definitely worth the winking, frivolous look. This is rated (R) for physical violence, sexual violence, bloody, cursing, female nudity, male nudity, sexual content, sexual references and drug abuse. <br /> <br />
