POSSIBLE to try to find another "Hot Properti" for adaptation, Fleischer brothers returned to their very successful entry into the world of a comic strip comic with their production of POPEIE THE SAILOR from 1933 (Fleischer Studios / Paramount). Although she was part of the BETTI BOOP series, Miss B. briefly appeared only briefly; leaving the rest as a pilot episode for a possible appearance of the series in full flowers. As it is now known, a sulky, puffy, blond sailor has become perhaps the most successful series of cartoons ever; the survival and literary extravagance of Fleischers and their studies, which continues to this day. Going back to the royal characteristics for another attempt at happiness, you were sure to try out a very popular HENRI Comic Strip character in BETTI BOOP outing; The goal is to search for another series. At that time, the reason seemed sound. Henry was the most popular item in Hearst Papers; Appears as Daily and Weekly Color Comics Supplement, PUCK, THE COMICS VEEKLI. You know, "What are these mortals!" Remember that, Schultz? Watching the bushy, small, bald boy Comic Strip 'Hero' and his screen on the screen, both solo and tandem with Miss Betti; We were pleasantly surprised when we saw how well he handled the character. The story and director Dave Fleischer provided a variety of situations similar to comics and gags that seemed to be most suitable for Little Henry's face. These mostly silent vignettes were very important for the animated film to remain faithful to the printed page; As HENRI Feature mostly worked in some kind of 4-binary 'mime'. In the cartoon, called BETTI BOOP VITH HENRI: FUNIEST LIVING American (Fleischer Studios / Paramount Pictures Corporation, 1935), we see what is; basically this is a single situational exercise; interrupted by Dave Fleischer's usual series of fast-fire, machine-like cheekbones. In short, Henry sees the puppy in the window of Betty Boop's Pet Shop. It's kind of love at first glance when Henry tries to buy a little dog with the only money he had, to the money in his pocket. He was formed by Miss Boop that in the money from depression $ 2 will be bought. Tears appear as a boy abandoned. OR the deposition is soon on the horizon while Betti asks the boy to pay attention to the store while she goes to the emergency business. In exchange for his services, Miss Betty promises his little dog in return. Of course, they have an agreement, and Beti leaves. TAKING to work on cleaning cages and feeding cattle gives Fleischer Crev the opportunity to fire a new gag; this time with bird seeds, Henry's bald pate and brooms. (But not all at once, of course, Schultz!) Henry's enthusiasm for massive feeding of the bird's population of the shop by virtually shining his head for the first time, soon leads to a mass departure of birds; from the store to the open street in the mass prison. BETTI returns to this scene and expresses his disappointment and anger with Henry's temporary custody. All bets were excluded, there was no dog for Henry. It starts to leave; dejectedli; but soon convince the owner to give him another chance to fix things. His head covered with a bird's seed, manages to capture all small feathered creatures; returns them to their pet shop. Fortunately, the little boy is leaving; but this time he has his kind, little face, licking pups. UNDOUBETH this was a winning combination. We have careless, full of energy, free movement of boys, Beti's kindness and emotions of the situation, and the dubious outcome of the 'boy and his dog'. Mak and Dave Fleischer gave us some little mini-masterpiece of surreal short comedy. <br /> <br /> <br /> We were quite surprised that none of the HENRI series was followed. Judging by the fairly faithful character treatment, this could certainly have been held for some time. In any case, this association was, in many ways, the best of Betty Boop's trial of images. Although the first, POPEIE THE SAILOR (Fleischer / Paramount, 1933) was the most successful (and hardly had Betty Boop in it, except for a kamey as a carnival hula dancer); HENRI Short was much better than the two following King Trizo, BETTI BOOP AND MALI KING, and BETTI BOOP AND LITTLE JIMMA, both in 1936.
