In post-colonial Africa there were too few mainstream films, and those who have a mixed set. This, with its altruistic pretensions to uncover the slavery of the seventies, shows the best and worst values ​​of Africa, which turn out to be not too different from the values ​​of mankind as a whole. There are also disadvantages, given the inadequate impact of the Western preconceptions of Africans and, in particular, the Arabs. Dr. Ananda Linderbi, a beautiful African-American woman of English doctor David Linderbie, was captured by Arab slave traders, along with a teenager Sanufa girl and young man. A leading slave trader, Sulejman, is certainly Arapa's stage, with its floral and sometimes humorous rhetoric, and gestures that match - which would not be in place at "Carri On Follov that Camel", but this is not standard. The movie deserves. Peter Ustinov, of course, had more than enough skills to deal with some shortcomings of the scenarios, and saved what could otherwise be a sad, one-dimensional character. Continuing a stereotypical theme, all three Suleiman Arab workers are unintelligent, and one has pedophile tendencies towards a boy who, fortunately, is not shown on the screen. One of the first David's pier is a local policeman, a stereotyped, pompous and incompetent African. bureaucrat. Then David meets two stereotypical white ek-pats, an Englishman (Valker, played by Rek Harrison) and an American (Sandell, starring Villiam Holden). Sandell is a mercenary with "conventional" attitudes about mixed-race relations, which initially refuses to help if David does not secure payments in advance. Winning David's love for Anansi, and aware of his inability to find love, he agrees to take David into his helicopter to help with the search for Anans. They believe that Suleiman and his prisoners cross the border and can not be persecuted on the neighboring territory - as a result of Sandel's hesitation and David's lack of experience with firearms, his helicopter is down, but David survives. Then we see that David met Malika (Kabir Bedi), an African who lost his family from Suleiman and is now only driven by revenge. They find Sanufo's girlfriend with Tuareg group and know they are on the right path to find Suleyman. In one of the most cunning scenes, the slave traffickers kill only to find out that it was not Suleiman's group, and had no other choice than to send their captives to Tuaregs they met earlier. We later discovered that a young boy who was raped by a witch and, in a superb scene with a supernatural tone, he uses his knowledge to kill one of Suleiman's supporters. Anansa, for his part, - despite the boy's skepticism - manages to make the death of Sulejman's other two employees. By that time, Suleiman and his slaves were within a few days of reaching the slave market. Suleiman, now no doubt that Anans is "troublesome", is trying to sell it to a rude rich Arab prince (Omar Sharifu) who is corrupt, but intelligent. Finding out that Ananda is an American who works for U.N., the prince is rather unwittingly deciding to resume negotiations without considering the consequences. The scene in which two men intertwine is one of the best in the film. In the slave market, the young man was sold to a German pedophile in the middle ages, and we have left to guess whether the boy will still be considered a "vunderbar" when his owner becomes at the end of his artistic skills. David and Malik finally face Suleiman and there is a bitter-sweet ending from Malik's point of view. In the end, David and Anans are reunited, and Malik, whose life in ruins, can be comforted by seeing the task he has set himself. The overall plot of the movie is excellent, but it loses its tracks due to stereotyped display of almost all of the leading characters. Credit must be attributed to all the leading actors who deal with many shortcomings of the scenario.
