I've read about FLAVIJA HERETIK for many years, but I just had to see it at the beginning of last year, when I went to the crazy buying of movies and, for whatever reason, I've been thinking lately, although it's been a few months since I watched it . It is a striking film, set up in Italy sometime around the 15th century. Definitely medieval era (although I do not think that it has ever been given a certain year). It's the time of the Christian upbringing, the time is full of madness, and the film records it well. Flavia, our protagonist, is a young lady who meets a dead Muslim on the battlefield. . He looks like a warm and intriguing guy, and is immediately taken with him. Her father, a soldier from a family, comes immediately, and immediately kills the wounded man in front of her. But she will continue to see him in dreams. Her father is sent to a monastery that looks more like a crazy outdoors - the inhabitants, so roughly suppressed by the unshakable medieval Christianity. , slowly crazy. Flavius ​​is under the influence of one of the nutritional nuns. But in the crazy world, they are just prudent, and this sociopathic sister clearly recognizes the madness around him. Her understanding of the time in which she lives experiences her chord with Flavia, who, as she is young and obviously protected, begins to question everything about this world in which she has been trapped. The film is unwavering in its display of this world, showing a lot of inconvenience. We see a horse gelded, a lord raping one of the women from their countries into a pig, devouring the torture of a young sisters. Through all of this, Flavius ​​notices and asks questions, rejecting, eventually, the Christian dogma that creates such a parade of horror in terms that would bring criticism for years to the film for apparent anachronism. I do not agree with this criticism. Flaviya's views, although sometimes expressed in a way that are not clearly seen, for example, the contemporary contemporary feminist commentary (the film was made in 1974), turn around questions that are really quite obvious. It may be hard to believe that she could have so much fish from the water in her time, but this is a sort of less important thing she can not do. Flavius ​​is written in such a way as to enable those from our era, or any era, to sympathize with her condition. They would hurry to such a thing, there would be no woods for trees. Flavia is thrilled when the Muslims arrive, winning the villages, and she in her leader finds a new version of a handsome Islamist who still visits her dreams. Almost immediately hit, allows her to practically run her army, becoming the figure of Orlando's Orleans in full combat equipment, and direct invaders to crush Christian society and revenge all those who saw that they were doing evil. /> Is it the messenger of the new and better world? Maybe he thinks so, but the Muslims of that time were not great either on feminism, because soon he learns in a hard way. As they say, meet the new boss ... This is actually just a flipchart of some things that are happening in FLAVIA HERETICU. The film is pretty dark, with a very weak, rather depressing ending. Generally watching a movie about a mass audience. However, it is pretty good and does not belong to a bunch of "nunsploitation", which is often neglected. I think he has a lot of value in the final movie, and I'm glad to see him.
