Expecting to see another Nunsploitation movie with a bad mother, who abused and tortured her charges, it turned out that Flavius ​​was much more than I expected. such a term existed in the era in which the film was set. This is certainly not practiced. Women (and the Jews and the poor) are very vulnerable and imprisoned in ugly places in society. During the whole story, Sister Flavia (Florinda Bolkan) testifies to the tyranny of her time as long as she no longer can sit down and actually do something about it, even with catastrophic results. Prequest of Flavia is a young adolescent near the battlefield. She sees the injured "evil" of a Muslim soldier (one of the few still alive) and is trying to help him. Before she can, her father is full of hatred looking at the soldier and waving his head in the face (big family dynamics, huh?). After that, her father forced her to join the monastery where she witnessed even more injustice. Although the scenes include violence, rape, and nuns, I would regard this more as a historical drama than Nunsploitation. Indeed, many ingredients for a piece of explosive exploitation are there, but acting, cameras, stories and music are too good to keep it at a lower level. Most of the "nuns" of movies I have seen have a basic premise: A good girl somehow finds herself in a monastery, where Mother is a supreme supreme bitch who likes to scour people and / or make their lives hell. Flavia spends a large portion of the first part of the film passively questioning all the crimes that are happening around her. Most of her passivity is forgotten when she becomes acquainted with a strong spirit (but a little crazy - she likes to eat pies outside like me, but for men it's much easier) Sister Agatha. When a group of Muslims attacks their abbey, Flavius ​​and Agatha do not fear in fear as other nuns. Their attackers actually function as liberators (cruelty and almost slavery of the abbey). In fact, it is a Christian, not a Muslim conqueror, who draws dear sister Agatha. Agatha's death sends Flavia to her violent crusade against those who oppressed her ... Her father treated him as dirt. Her Muslim lover leaves her in a very bad time. I do not want to go too much of the rest of the story, but be ready to be shocked, devastated and sad for the end. This is a great movie, so do not refuse it because of its (unserved) reputation. In addition, how can a movie involving Florinda Bolcan and Claudio Cassinelli on Earth make a mistake? I am not familiar with other works by Maria Casarares, but sister Agatha is a hellish personality. I read many great reviews about the Sinapse (US) edition, but I love my German Ks-Rated Cult DVD copy. It's not anamorphic / 16: 9, but it actually has a bit more information about images on all edges of the Sinapse edition. And there are many great, wise or entertaining lines of dialogue (many of sister Agatha) "Why is God God? Father, Son, and Holy Spirit? They are all male!" -Flavia <br /> "These people are afraid - look at them, sister - they are afraid that their power will be seized!" -Sr. Agatha (about Christians leaving after the arrival of Muslims) "Woman, where are you going? Muslims can not do anything to you that Christians have not done! Ha Ha Ha!" -Sr. Agatha (a group of women who have fled from Christianity) "The Lord bless these Muslims - to put fear in these pompous Christians." -Flavia <br /> <BR> "Do you only need to see Muslims in order to make you $ h! T your underwear?" -Sr. Agatha The final message: "Flavia Gaetani, not yet a Muslim, is no longer a Christian - punished as a fugitive nun. The idea for the film came from the events that took place during the Musalmanian invasions of Italy that culminated in what is still remembered today as the MARTIRODA 800 in the "
