"Flavia, la monaca muslmana" aka. The Flavia Heretic of 1974 is a really disturbing and uncompromising piece of Italian cinema Ekploitation, which to some extent follows a somewhat feminist premise (although the level of blindness and brutality would probably deter most of the feminists). Set mainly in the monastery, and with the nuns as the main protagonist (the great performance of the beautiful Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia Heretic" can be called "Nunsploitation". However, this film is very drastically different from typical Nunsploitation shifts from time, as it does not focus so much on elements of nonsploitation, such as lesbianism, sadistic lesbian sentences, etc. Personally, I have seen more similarities with Hekploitation flicks, such as "Mark of the Devil" (although this does not deal with the theme of witch hunting), which focus on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and early modern times. Italy around 1600. The young Flavius, after seeing that her despotic father had bounced a wounded Muslim soldier, was forced to become a nun in the convent. When her father condemns her sister's sister for torture due to a minor offense a few years later, Falvia's dislike of male violence against women turns into hatred for a despotic church, and she joins a group of Arab cleaners ... One of them Sure, "Flavia Heretic" is not for the visually impaired, nor is it for those who want happy endings. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi obviously tried to make his film realistic and disturbing as much as possible, especially in his nasty scenes. Many scenes of torture and execution are extremely disturbing, with skinnings, spikes, and other dreadful scenes in explicit details, and the most shocking scene is probably the torture of a young sister at the beginning of the film. Violence, however, is never superfluous. After all, these terrible methods were actually a reality at the time the film was set. The film is very well made, with realistic costumes, fantastic settings, elegant cinema and excellent partitures by Nicola Piovanni. Astonishingly beautiful and brilliant Florinda Bolcan has proved her talent in many great Italian cult productions (including the 1972 Giulio-masterpiece by Lucio Fulci "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino"). She brings another great, charismatic show, and I could not imagine that another actress fits into that role. The film has some minor inconsistencies (eg Why the Cruel Church in the first place has left bizarre cult followers in monasteries). However, it is generally surprising how realistic this film is. "Flavia the Heretic" definitely should not miss my colleagues who loved Italian cinema for exploitation. This is an excellent Ekploit flick, but it is definitely deeply depressed and therefore it should be looked at in the right mood. It is recommended to fans of the disturbing exploitation of the film. 7.5 / 10
