Flavia Heretik is an undeniable artwork and probably my first recommendation is to say that the Euro-exploitation film is seriously underestimated and should not be ignored. This is an intelligent and complex film, wonderfully realized and ?? surprise ?? pretty damn right! This is more than a senseless sleepless or uncontrollable violence, and it's time for these prudent film commissions to categorize Flavie as prohibited rubbish by this. Flavius ​​is a beautiful adolescent from the 14th century, forced to live the life of obedient nuns in a strict monastery. She refuses to accept that she is inferior only because she is a female and curses her sister that she is so tolerant of this. After an unsuccessful attempt to escape, she acquiesces with another rebellious nun and even leads a group of bloodthirsty Muslims into the walls of the monastery. Flavia is an enchanting movie! It's almost impossible to believe that the director Gianfranco Mingozzi managed to make it so realistic and disturbing. I invite you to think of a title that focuses on the topic of pioneer feminism more intensively than Flavia. Several sequences are quite shocking (at the edge of the nightmare, in fact) while the camera is zoomed in by brutal rape, torture and mutilation. However, all these raw footage does not only serve to satisfy the deviated plague, be careful. I am firmly convinced that they are part of the statement "Flavius" trying to communicate: Humanity (especially the Catholic Church) has historically proven to be a hypocritical and discriminatory race and has no purpose to deny further. Movies such as "Flavia, Heretic" have the courage to question and openly condemn our precious ancestors and I truly admire for that. Flavia is an extraordinary and fundamental exploitation film for its substance, but it is even brought to a higher level by fabulous cinema, magnificent costumes and scenography, and the stunning Nicole Piovany music stunning. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as an ambitious and stubborn nun, but Maria Casares steals the show as sister Agatha. She is a ludicrous and loud nun who loves to wet in the open field! Amen, sister!
