I felt that this film was so much about human sexuality as anything else, either intentionally or not. We also showed how absurd and paradoxical it is that women are not permitted to do such a national event, forgetting the past of our "advanced" nations. I am writing from Japan, where only 60 years ago women got the right to vote, and women technical engineers are a newer phenomenon. Pubs in England were once all men, the business world was completely banned for women in America until recently, and women in China had their legs tied so that they could not develop strong enough legs to escape from their husbands. Iran has perfectly passed through this phase in our time, and we can see how we all looked at at that time. Let's go back to the question of sexuality, so we have to ask ourselves what is essentially the case of women who make them unfit for a football game (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially girls, a couple so much that you even have the feeling that lesbianism is on the agenda. I think that one thing is that not all women are the same, and the women that the police are trying to "protect" are not those who will try to get in the first place. Opening access to the stadium makes you appreciate the courage of young women trying to enter - each separately - in general. It's the world of a cruel man. Every woman who is brave enough to try to leave must be allowed! The world of sexuality does not suit everyone. Meanwhile, captured criminal girls bind themselves in improvised pens waiting for their deportation to whom they know, and in a much more subtle way, begin to deal with guards who guard the guard over them. They had definite ideas about women and femininity, which they disagreed in the head. The change in attitude is glacial, but visible. Since the film from the first moment cleans Iran, it takes a bit of relief for an alien, but the characters have a special way to cope with you, and in the end you will get a complete picture, and even understand the misunderstandings of men and give let them give up. The alleged criminal is the invisible Patriarchate of Ayatollah, who remain uninhabited and unnamed, and probably not mentioned. fear for everyone involved.
