One word: suPURRRRb! I do not think I've seen anything like online or cable television for a long time. Watching this show was like taking a breath of fresh air in the middle of a TV schedule filled with reality shoving and boring re-movements. I must say that I had my reservations. After all, the critics were almost unanimous in crying and lowering their ratings. But when it was half an hour (by the way, thanks, NBC, for conducting a commercial show), I stayed with the feeling of instant love, love at first glance, the true love we feel in his womb. Everything about this show was screamed by EKSCELLENCE. The graphics in this show was at least as good as finding No and Shrek. No small feat with these films has been developed for years. Cast was wonderful. I am the voice of John Goodman, but the rest of the team was certainly at the same level as John. Special note: guest Lisa Kudrov. She was at the top of the game, creating a neurotic, puffy and cute panda with a Jewish series in her. (Panda of Brooklyn? Only in this show.) The scenario was ridiculous, with many indoor and adult jokes that were sharp, but not sticky. Note to all parents: this is not for children. This show has never been advertised as such, and there is a reason why it was set for 9:00, not at 20:00. So if you want to complain about an "unwanted context", save your breath. Adults deserve a comedy made only for them, and Father's Pride is it. Not everything was perfect. I was a little confused by Siegfried and Roi's characters. Do I feel "stereotype" when it comes to them? Yes, they are gay. Yes, they are sparkling. Yes, they speak German accents. But these are yesterday's news. Give us something new, something fresh, something funny. Putting old jokes into a new show is definitely a wrong approach. I understand that the creators of this show wanted to use the "star" these guys had. That's fine for me. But please, do not hold on to something that everyone already knows by heart. I hope that the rest of the performance will not again perform the same old record. In general, the show is definitely Must-See-TV. Funny, funny, with a few unexpected turns here and there - there was no comedy from Seinfeld. I'm sure I'm looking forward to the next episode.
