What do you think an average person would know more / less about Iranian cinema or Iranian football? Interestingly, the two of them are at the forefront of the controversial latest film by Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi under the title 'Offside', a story that uses football or access to football as a background for a series of scenes that revolve around the right to do something or go somewhere and the right of an individual to extend This kindness if and when they want it. The strange thing is that you are not moving away from Offside after learning about an Iranian football or too much about an Iranian film (unless it's education in Panahi's controversial style), but you feel enlightened that at least someone from Iran took over the controversial question apparently still in force in a country like Iran, and is ready to present it to an international audience, not to use it. I remember the 2006 World Cup, I'm sure many can. It was summer after my first year at the university and after I first passed, the summer of the World Cup football looked like a nice tonic. Needless to say, I saw practically every bar game they showed simultaneously with the other at the very end of the group phase, in order to avoid cases as seen in Spain in '82 when West Germany and Austria appeared to have appeared in order to get the result is between them who would see them both at the expense of Algeria. Anyone in Britain was watching BBC broadcasts in Iran? The Mexican sword, the first in the tournament of both countries, can remember that at the top of the show, BBC's football manager Gary Lineker gave up a humorous commentary to present the match. Something went like: "We saw the giants of Germany, England, Argentina and the Netherlands, but now we can see ......... Mexico and Iran are fighting." The emphasis on the last two was weaker and it was clear that they might have seen them as a task. It's a shame that there are people and movies like Offside who represent them, who are really willing to watch Iran play to the extent that they risk their well-being to do it, and it's sad when people in the power of power reject what they consider to be "inferior" when there are others who would do anything to have a chance to otherwise engage. Once I think of the words "Iran", "football" and "World Cup", my mind is flying back to the French '98 race between the nation and America. Here is a film about some kind of World Cup match involving Iran, but where some or even most of the Iranian filmmakers may have decided to present a story that revolves around Iran's famous victory over the United States and what it meant for them, Panahi's director chooses to look at what is happening behind the scenes and is a story from the stands, because women are forbidden to play soccer matches and are not allowed to live the ecstasy of winning a huge game. You can imagine a film that talks about Iran and describes Iran's "victory" as an awkward propaganda film designed to exploit because it is "defeating" Western power or "enemies" in a sport that may not be expected to do so. Several reminiscing films when it comes to beating the invincible in their game are the 2001 Indian movie 'Lagaan', in which Indian peasants defeated the ruling British in cricket. Similals, 2005 'The Game of Their Life' sees Americans defeating England in a football game only this time in the World Cup in 1950. The differences between these films and offside are huge; Offside looks at the situation behind the state mentality and dares to explore the essence of feminism as a girlfriend, trying to see her beloved Iran to win Bahrain and qualify for the World Cup, are rounded up like animals and kept in rough purges. from a window with sealed windows that will allow them to see the game. Reflection is associated with an indecent language that men can, and not want, but 'can' use during the game. The film is so incapable of Iran that it can not take away the human right to swear and forbid a bad language, but it must forbid the right of a woman to see the game together? It's no wonder that Panahi was banned in Iran. But Panahi recalls that the rule is so crazy that it often allowed his female characters to smoke cigarettes and use mobile phones Two things that physicians and scientists would consider to be far more dangerous to human body / mind from listening to a little speech on a football game. Panahi devotes special attention to the title of his "Offside" movie, which is itself a football governing player, detailing when the 'striker' was caught in an attempt to gain an advantage in the field of play. Parallels take place with the female position in the film, because these individuals who have progressed (supposedly without rights) are caught in an attempt to put one over the opposition team; that it is the state itself. I think "Offside" is one of the best movies that emerge from the Middle East and the surrounding gulf area that I have seen. It's a tense but humiliating film about people who do not carry any acting history to the IMDb, so the acting is unbridled and real, adding to that strange neo-realistic aura all that. The direct ending is exile, and the constant verbal battle between male soldiers and women who have ventured to give up state is wonderful. I also think that anyone who likes to really not love a movie for the reasons I mentioned demonstrates a clear level of insensibility, whether you do or do it in the Iranian government.
