In Iran, women are not allowed to attend male sports events, apparently to "protect" them from all the curses and rude language they can hear from male fans (because men can not restrain or behave, women are forced to go figure. ). Offsides tells the story of half a dozen young women dressed as men trying to sneak into a high-ranking match between Iran and Bahrain that in 2005 qualified Iran to go to the World Cup (the film was Offside is a piece pieces of life that will remind you of all these great humanistic films ("The Shop on Main Street", "Loves") blondes, "closely watched trains", etc.) that came out of communist Czechoslovakia as part of the "Prague miracle" in the mid 1960s -ih. As with many of these works, Offside is more concerned with observing life than by designing any complexly fictitious narrative. Indeed, the ease of placement and naturalism of the style make the film so effective. When their scams are discovered, the girls entered a small pencil in front of the stadium where they can hear rough winding from the game. Stuck wherever they are, all they can do is to beg the protectors to let them in, the guards who are fundamentally untidy, good-natured guys who are forced to perform their duty as part of their compulsory military service. Even most men who go to the stadium do not seem particularly upset about the idea that they are allowed to enter these women. Still, how can one not be impressed by the very real courage and bravery that women portray as they oppose the system that continues to implement such a ridiculously regressive and archaic limit? And yet, the purpose of these women is not to gather behind a goal or to make a "point." They are simply obsessed with the fans with the desire to watch the football game and, like all the men in the country, are cheering for their team. It's hard to say how much the dialogue is scripted and how improvised, but in both cases, the actors, with their expressive faces, make a magnificent job making every moment completely real and convincing. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shaiesteh Irani are strikingly prominent in an equally excellent excellence. The structure of the film is also very loose and free, as writer / director Jafar Panahi and co-writer Shadmehr Rastin focused a few short moments on one or two of the characters, and then move smoothly and effortlessly to others. With this approach of the documentary type, we feel like we are witnessing a real-time event that takes place in "real time". It is very often very easy for us to forget that we are actually watching a movie. Film makers were a very clever move to include so much humorous humor in the film (as did Czech filmmakers), it is better to point out the absolute absurdity of the situation and to expand the attractiveness of the film for the domestic and foreign audiences. Offside is an apparently cry for justice, but it is even more effective for refusing to make his story a tragedy that breathes hard. Instead, he realizes that nothing can break social barriers as efficiently as humor and appeal to the common humanity of the audience. And should not this be what is real art? In a quiet way, "Offside" is one of the great, not appreciated gems in 2007.
