At first glance, a film about women who want to see a football game would not attract a lot of people who are a little interested in football like me, but it's not about football but about discrimination and the female enthusiasm for the sport that loves The movie opens on the day of the decisive the match between Iran and Bahrain in the World Cup, and the girl tries to enter the Tehran Azadi stadium dressing as a boy, it looks like she will get as long as the soldier does not try to search her. Once caught, she was taken to a small fenced building high in the stadium, where a handful of women who were already caught are kept here by a small group of soldiers who would rather be brought home to care for their livestock. We will never learn the names of the characters, but we meet them as people as the girls pray the guards to look through the nearby void in the wall and refusing to try to give them a comment. In addition to the important point about rigid gender segregation in much of today's Iran, the film contains many hilarious moments, such as the "masking" of one of the girls who wear to go to the toilet and the girl. who dressed himself in a soldier and was caught only because he chose to watch the game from a place reserved for the senior officer. The enthusiasm of the girl for the game is such that the viewer will eventually be at the edge of the seat hoping that Iran will win and thus reach the finals in Germany. Soldiers are not portrayed as fundamentalists, they are just recruits who are there because they have to be and when they explain to girls why a woman can not watch men's sports, it does not seem so convinced by her own arguments. It's a shame that this film can not be seen in Iran itself, but it is good that the wider world can see it and thus see that ordinary Iranians are not a bunch of fanatics who desperately want a war in the west. but normal people with the same passions and concerns as people everywhere. The actors have done an excellent job in making their characters like real people, and not just as caricatures.
