Panahi, whose previous films, such as The Circle and Crimson Gold, seemed to move from fierce to gloomy, produced in their new Offside a funny, supportive, joyful chaotic ensemble ending on notes of liberation and genuine fun? however, the film deals with material that is quite challenging and relevant as everything else that has been done. Focusing on a group of fanatical fans who caught themselves swaying at the Bahrain-Iran World Cup at the Iranian stadium in Tehran, Panahi leads to a question of national spirit and independence as well as contradiction? and pure absurdity ?? the religious sexual apartheid regime in the world of modern competition with the majority of young and urban girls who are increasingly thinking about themselves. How the movie opens, we breathe out of breath to one of the girls on the bus, with a father looking for a lost daughter. This is disguised and has national colors as a battle color, but we try to find out what will happen to it: it is still easily detectable. The point is that most men in the neighborhood do not care. However, the rules are rules, and when they try to pass through various checkpoints on the way to the big stadium, the future soccer girl, or some of them, still round up and hold in a small complex upstairs in the stadium. from some mostly young, green and rustic soldier-cops who have no idea how to cope with the independent ideas of these big city girls and would rather watch the game? whose bush is constantly heard in the background? yourself. Every girl is different? represents a different set of reasons for the desire to break the rules and different ways of doing so. One wore a military uniform and entered the officer's section. One is tough and masculine, ridiculous and provocative (she could go for a nice boy, and hinted at that: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What would I want you to be?"). A man does not care much for football, but he went to the death of a dead man. One (Aida Sadeghi) is a fiery footballer? et cetera. These Tehrana girls are stubborn and smart and walk along the busy village lieutenant who leads them (Safar Samandar). One of the village policemen (Mohamad Kheirabadi) leads a football girl to a men's toilet (of course, there are no women), forcing her to wear an Italian football star as a mask. This is followed by a comedy of mistakes and chaos in which the girl escapes. Later, a combi van emerged with a policeman who ordered the police officers to take the girls to the deputy? violation of the rules on sexual segregation qualifies as a guarantor. The boy is mixing with them ?? a kid who is chronically responsible for smuggling fireworks in games. The van turns out to be not so lively: the radio antenna is broken. But a policeman keeps him in place so that he can listen to a report that stops the heart more and more. Cops and prisoners are now united in a common excitement. There are no results, the game goes into penalty, and the winner will go to Germany. In the background through all this is a real game, a real stadium, and the real mass of young men crazy for the outcome of this event. The excitement is terrible, and the streets are filled with cars and flags and fans of fans who are praying for victory in Iran and united in their excitement. What makes this movie so good, as it can be made out to date, is that it was filmed during the evening of real games with a real finale that turns everything around. This is, unlike the previous highly-rated narrative trajectories of Panahi, spontaneous filming improvised films in a rhythm with a captured background of current events and stabs you in your excitement in a way that is quite exciting. The essence of Offside is the disconnect between modern world football and retro-Islamic social prohibitions that suppress women? This second exists at a time when young Iranian women become part of the global world in which women take part in sports and share the urge of the national team spirit. How to exactly reconcile the country's ambition to become a modern global force with social attitudes that are medieval? A lot of Offisde is astoundingly real, including the way everyone is trying to get out of it. The director's decision to insert young actors into a real sports mega event leads to a stunningly effective mix of documentary, polemical and fictitious, which is too energetic to look like it has a bone to pick up, and it ends in a brilliant and mobile way < > I already had a reservation for Panahi movies, but this is a shot. Panahi does something extraordinary. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama, and touches our hearts with the feeling of the nation.
