In Iran, women are banned from attending sports events live because of their fear of being "corrupted" due to bad language, the proximity of thousands of men and the fact that there are no toilets for women in the old stadiums. On the basis of the current incident with the daughter of the director, Offshore Jafar Panahi is followed by six girls, disguised as men, refused to enter the soccer match in 2005 between Iran and Bahrain, a match that will decide whether Iran will leave the World Cup. Offside the dark, minimalist films we have been accustomed to in Iran over the past ten years, Offside is a lively comedy with a patriotic enthusiasm and universal appeal, but contains a sufficiently subversive social commentary justifying its ban on display in Iran. Photographed by a digital camera using unprofessional actors more than a task, the girls try to sneak into the Azadi Stadium in Tehran, but are arrested and placed in a holding room outside the stadium. They are guarded by three military conscripts (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-abadi and Masoud Kheimeh-kaboud) expressing ambivalence in relation to their task, but commit themselves to adhering to the rules. Women are football enthusiasts, not political activists and support for the victory of Iran, but this does not deter soldiers from detention while waiting for girls to be transported to a deputy and an uncertain future. Instead of acting as victims, they continually question soldiers about the reasons behind the restrictions, making their absurdity evident. Although they can hear the noise of the audience, women can not see the action, but they achieve little victory when they persuade one of the soldiers to comment on the game. One of the funniest sequences occurs when a soldier takes a female "prisoner" into a man's room. A young recruiter then has to deal with disorder when he has to prevent someone else from using objects while the girl is still inside. Little by little, to paraphrase Adley Stevenson, what unites them is greater than what he shares and the incredible antagonists who gather behind their country and the roots of the victory that will send Iran to the World Cup. Although the story is wounded and often, and the film is somewhat lost in the middle, 'Offside' speaks of a society in which the political elite with a medieval social mentality must fight with a growing group of educated and politically cunning citizens. One can only hope that world pressure and the awakening of one's own people will force the Ayatollah to reconcile with the 21st century.
