I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed during the current World Cup qualifying match in 2006, Offside brilliantly works both as a comedy and a tragedy. The film follows the fate of a group of young women caught in an attempt to sneak into a football match at the Tehran Azadi stadium. Islamic religious leaders in the country have determined that women should not sit with men at sporting events so they would not be exposed to curses and other morally questionable behavior. This did not stop the young female fans in the country, who continue to sneeze using various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group caught and detained in agony near the action. They begged the soldiers who were bothering them to keep them out to let them go, or at least to let them watch the game. Soldiers told them they should not try to get in, so they could watch the game at home on TV. They are played in almost real time as the game continues, just outside of the camera. There is one very funny line in which a young soldier follows one of the girls in the west. Since there are no women's toilets in the stadiums, he has to clear the room from any man before he allows her to enter. Plus, he made them cover his face so that no one could see that he was a woman. This is achieved by the posters of Iran's football star Ali Daei as masks, with pierced eye holes. You get the real feeling that even soldiers are confused by the ban and just spend to speed up the end of compulsory military service. A soldier complains that he was supposed to be on leave to take care of his cattle's livestock in the countryside. Little by little, girls and soldiers are talking to each other, and on both sides there are numerous small acts of kindness that show that they are essentially good people living in terrible circumstances. However, a constant reminder of the soldiers that the "boss" is on the road, gives a sense of threat, because we do not know what penalties women will face. Unlike most Iranian films, which are known for their powerful visual effects, Offside is shot in realistic style without any skill. In fact, the film was filmed during the current qualifying match against Bahrain on June 5, 2005. The "action" was in many ways determined by the result on the field. If Iran wins the match, they would qualify. If they had lost, they would not. Since the World Cup has come and gone, I do not think it's the spoiler to say that Iran won the match. Scene celebrations at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, giving the film a genuine authenticity. Seeing how much it meant for Iran, it was deeply moving. One of the young women at the end of the film refers to the seven fans who died during the Iranian-Japanese match on March 25, only a few weeks earlier. They were executed after the police began spraying the mass with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that this is a real-life tragedy, the celebrations added another level of sharpness. I do not want to go on a long political tangent, but this film has given me the real hope that there are those in Iran who hope for change and are working on it. Iran is a nation of young people and it is only a matter of time before it takes its place in the political sphere. Such films show the proud spirit of the Iranian people despite their current difficulties, and I sincerely hope there is a better future for them.
