I discovered that this was a surprisingly easy touch on the film about the 1950s cultural conflict. John Wayne could hardly be the first choice for a cultural attache, as he was so diplomatic with his good intentions as a bull in Harrods. But this time he was left to play a role that was much more passive than the usual bluff persona, and he accomplished his task with style. The Duke was a guy who could really be good at behaving. His expression of face and body language can be extremely subtle. Despite his significant presence both as an actor and in terms of time on the screen, he failed to dominate this film. Many of his good intentions came like shoes. He had power over anyone, and he gave the occasional story a titular geisha to which he was a barbarian. The story of US attempts to sympathize with isolationist Japan was one of the political intrigues, not the spit or the battle of hell for the skin. I can not comment on the accuracy of his research, but the strangeness of Oriental culture towards Western sensibility is well demonstrated. There was a great deal of exhaustive choreography that implied what looked like an authentic costume and props to this observer. The sets were complex and detailed. A lot of money and thoughts were applied to it. The split romance between Vaine and his geisha added a little extra element and stopped the movie to become just political or frightening. The script was good without saying too much. There was a lot of Japanese dialogue, but long periods of translation did not interfere with narration. It was nice to see a lot of original orients on the set. Whether they were Japanese or not, I could not say. In any case, they looked like part. At least they do not play Caucasus, unlike other efforts such as "Allya Blood" (yes, I know they are Chinese) "Inn of Sixth Happiness" or even "King and Me". /> Honestly, I enjoyed this more than any other movie. The script was better to begin with. I never liked the songs in 'The King And I', and it was not impressed by the heavy anti-Communist sub-'Blood Allei'. I admit that I have never seen this work before and found it very favorably compared to many more popular Duke's appearances. Recommended.
