This is not much of a movie for which John Wayne is known. He plays a diplomat, a man who deals with words and persuasion, not a physical action. The film moves quietly through realism through a superficially unflattering story. For an open, patient and thoughtful, this film is a rich display of an intriguing part of history. There are two interwoven stories. The great story is an internalized, isolationist Japan, and an outsidered, expansionist America that confronts when their interests clash. A small, human story is barbarine (Vaine) and civilized geisha's initial hostility and does not like turning around with mutual respect and love. The human story is a reflection of the larger story of the two peoples. The film is very well made and all actors play their role well. The two leading roles are done to perfection. John Wayne is as great as Tovsend Harris, guessing the right combination of force and negotiation in his relations with the Japanese. Eiko Ando is also great as a gay champion, charming and wonderful. The interaction between her character and John Wayne is particularly well illustrated. It was these two individuals (as shown in the film) who acted. The script is very well written. We miss all his pomp. and represents a realistic view of the way the events were taking place. Characters are real people, not self-conscious "big" figures from history. Furthermore, the conflict of cultures and interests is shown with great skill and subtlety. Indeed, the clash of traditionalist and traditionally powerful, isolationist Japan and the growing, new powerful nation on the other side of the ocean is very well summed up in an exchange between John Wayne and the local Japanese baron. Wayne complains that sailors are cut off if you land in Japan, and that transient ships can not even be placed in the harbor due to water. Baron replies that Japan just wants to stay alone. Vaine's character replies that Japan is at an increasingly important crossroads of international shipping and that, if things continue as before, the nation will be considered nothing more than a group of bandits who attack an important road. A very realistic overview of the way the two countries perceived themselves as being right, and saw that others were wrong. The result of a conflict between two self-righteous people with conflicting interests has its reflections through history, an ongoing theme that responds to the present and future in the future. , before the accelerated growth towards industrialization that followed later in the course of the century, is excellent. Visual delicacy and enlightening insights into Japanese ancient civilization. I recommend anyone, whether it's John Vaine fan or not, to watch this movie if you get a chance. Just be aware that this is not an action movie. It is a display of an interesting place and time in history, and a slowly turning love story that (to their great surprise) dominates in the private life of two main characters. Watch this movie for your own merits, without prejudice, let yourself be immersed in his story, and you will fully enjoy it. All in all, great movie.
