I have to be honest and say I bought this movie, not because of the content, but because David Cubitt is in it; I know ... shallow, or what? - But, come on, Mr. Cubitt is a fantastic actor to say it mildly. I really did not know what to expect from watching this movie, I would read others to write, and that on other sites, but I have to say that I was drawn into the world of brothers almost from the very beginning. David Cubitt as Theo and Colm Feore as Rian are as convincing as two alienated brothers, the film moves through their relationship as they begin to try to get to know one another after the death of their fathers. The scene where Theo finds out that Ryan is gay brilliant, he literally enters the scene and tries to leave without Rian - which of course he has. The film is very well researched and therefore incredibly sad, moving, raising and celebrating life in parts. I left this sad feeling through what Rian went through, but also with the knowledge that the former drug addict Theo gave him hope and unconditional love. I agree with another reviewer who finds a scene in which Theo says that his father will move, and I would go a little further to say that I actually spoke my thoughts to Rian when he said cruelly to Teo: "Why do you think you can be a father and a Teo simply says 'You.' Theo goes there, but this little exchange of dialogue speaks a lot about the almost self-sacrificing aspect of Ryan, which is sharply raised by a simple retort. Greatly designed film about all dots, acting, directing , writing etc. are so well made. I can not find anything else to say about this The film, apart from saying that it is very difficult to deal with the death of a loved one, but it is done superbly, to an infinite degree. Respecting the theme and extending love (without tiredness and silliness) speaks in this fairly selfish world in which we live today. all interested. There are not many movies that lead me to tears and give me a break to think about life at all, as well as to be happy about all the things that I have, not for sad things I do not know, but this The film was working, it was incredibly exciting considering the topic.
