Anna (Ursula Andress) was brought in as official R.N. former lover Benito Varot (Duilio Del Prete), allegedly nursing an old widow, Count Leonid Bottacin (Mario Piso), to return to health after a heart attack. But Benito actually runs a group of heirs and businessmen, including American entrepreneur Jack Knight (Jack Palance), with hidden motives, which is reflected in the fact that Ana will actually hope for a count. He has a history, loves women, and in fact would be a little "more vulnerable" as he was cured. The bad guys get out of the track as Anna does not go and grow closer to the count. Finally, it can be said that it is ironic, but it's probably better to describe it as predictable. But so much for the plot - this movie is a completely erotic comedy, from beginning to end and oh well. There are many bare scenes, including those of Anne and Jole, one of the evil heirs, played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are valuable continental ex-Bond women and thus fulfill fantasies of male viewers. As in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays femme fatale, somehow, albeit less elegant. Perhaps the best scene is Anna (slow) complete comic and jump into the bed with the young. Adone, "another patient" (who is incredibly resistant), in an attempt to find out what he knows about the complication. But even at this moment she is already bipolar (for the better), because she decided not to go together. However, Benito is more than twice with women, he has had long lasting flings in the past, with Anne and Jole, and the rival's best erotic scene follows an inevitable (mildly) argument between him and Jole. This is a standing encounter in which Luciana is just up to black panties. Another beautiful one is Ursula that swims completely naked in the property pool. The Count is free, as a client, to put his hands wherever he wants on Ursula, and he takes advantage. Hey, I kind of got back to the names of the actresses in my descriptions. Erotic scenes with other women include the fun of naked wine cellars. The "sensual sister" is compact, 77 minutes, but it does not have to be - it is comfortable without interruption, it begins to end. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
