I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. Actually, I do not think I ever loved him in anything I saw. The initial scene of this film has confirmed my worst fears. There was Adam Sandler, who played a slightly funny figure who was riding on New York on a motorcycle, looked poor and lost. Typical Sandler's type of losing character, I thought. I almost gave up and then. But then, as I kept it, I actually discovered something that I did not know before: Adam Sandler could work! He is truly remarkable in this film as Charlie, a lost and lonely figure, whose entire family (including a dog) was killed in one of the abducted aircraft on September 11th, which as a result lost all contact with reality. Don Cheadle plays his former roommate who has unexpectedly associated with Charlie and takes him as his mission to help him recover. Of course, Chelan Alan Johnson has his own problems and sources of disaster, and somehow these two men manage to help each other through their difficulties. The two of them made a completely faithful team, and especially Sandler made Charlie real, working through his emotions and feelings. This is not Sandler's comedy. If you are looking for it, go to some of his other, the silence, the things. This is a pretty tough movie - sometimes sad, sometimes hoping and always amazing. There are some funny parts. I loved the scene in which Charlie convinced Alan to confront his partners, reminding him how hard he was in college, and then the conversation that the two had later. I personally did not think that Saffron Burrows much added to the film as Donna, obviously needed by Johnson's patient. The only reason why the character looked (based on a flashback) is that she looked as spooky as Charlie's late wife, but that was never really developed, and I did not care much about character. However, look for the role of the judge, played by Donald Sutherland, whom I thought was a part. As far as I'm concerned, this is Sandler's film, and he is honored for an excellent performance. Definitely his best in my opinion. 8/10
