I have to admit, this film has led me to the extent that I was crying. However, I always think about things twice, and instead of writing a hymn to define the film as flawless and flawless, I prefer to take a chance to look at it better. First of all: First, the film has an undeniable influence on the viewer simply because it starts and continues as a slow movie that does not try to drag you away from the actual scenes of September 11th. Unlike Stone's VORLD TRADE CENTER, this film, fortunately, does not focus on the attack itself, but on the consequences that, like the nuclear explosion, are barely visible, yet dangerous and devastating. The psychological impact, the devastation caused by the September 11th and the devastation caused to the American people, is almost palpable in this film. I think Binder managed to inspect the American society 9/11 carefully and Sandler, in my opinion, sky jumped from the average actor to a real talent who brings a performance worthy of Oscar. However: In the film BLOOD DIAMOND, the figure of Di Caprioa says and quote: "Ah, these Americans always want to take their feelings." Now, I do not want to downplay their suffering, but I certainly would like to make a comparison. Since September 11, the whole world faces memories, memorials and commemorations on September 11th. Hollywood industry and writers like Safran Foer more than allude to September 11 in their works. Now, this vast amount of cultural products, which deals on September 11th, turns the deaths of 3,000 people into the greatest tragedy of this young age. The number of books written on this subject and the number of films focused on this topic, which I say with all due respect, sometimes neglect the significance of this criminal crime. People die daily because of unjust acts and terrible crimes committed by bad or simply lost people. We have a war in Iraq, Afghanistan, Birma and many other countries. On a daily basis, we forget about the poverty that African people suffer from, and we often sympathize with them less often than with American victims on September 11 only because they are black and because their lives do not have much in common with our Western lives. Africa has no money or the potential to record its national tragedies in a way that America can. So what I'm saying is this: The reason we feel more than 3,000 victims on September 11th and their families is that we are constantly reminded on September 11th. Not a day goes by without a newspaper article, a movie or a book that talks about September 11th. I feel more for him than Hut who lost his entire family in a civil war in Rwanda. Have you caught my energy?
