Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan has a wife full of love (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith and Imani Hakim). He also allowed his parents to stay in his big apartment in New York. But somehow, he feels his life is a little empty. One ordinary day in the city, he sees his old roommate at Charles Firefighter College (Adam Sandler). Which Alan did not see Charlie for years. When Alan again tries to make friends with Charlie. Charlie is a lonely depressed man, who hides his real feelings from people who care about him. As Charlie lost an accident in a plane crash, they were on one of the planes on September 11, 2001. When Alan almost felt comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions things from his past, Charlie becomes violent towards Alan or anyone who mentions his deceased family. Now Alan is trying to help Charlie and try to make his life easier. But Alan finds that Charlie talked about his real feelings harder than expected. sorrow, truth, and comedy. Sandler offers an impressive drama performance, which Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than he did on Punch-Drunk Love by Paul Thomas Anderson. Cheadle is as good as usual. Pinkett Smith is fine as Alan's wife, Liv Tyler is as good as a young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows is pretty good as a lovely lonely woman who falls wildly in Alan. Unfortunately, this film was a disappointment in the box office, despite having had great criticism. Actors are first class here, writing and directing is wonderful and Russ T. Alsobrook is a great widescreen movie cinema. The film has great locations in New York, which makes this film a beautiful city in New York City to look at it in the picture. Surround Sound. DVD is also a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, feature film, photo editing and review. I expected more for DVD features such as audio comments by the director and the deleted scene. "Reign Over Me" is certainly one of the best films that came out this year. I'm sure this movie looked great on the big screen. Unfortunately, I did not have the opportunity to see in the theater. But it's also a movie that plays well on DVD. The film also has a good soundtrack and has many well-known faces in supporting roles and essential parts. Even the director has a little bit like Biran Sugarman, who is an actor himself. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most attractive paintings this year. It's also the best Sandler movie in my taste ever since "The Vedding Singer". Do not miss. HD Videscreen. (**** 1/2 from *****).
