Most of those who go into this movie will have an idea of ​​what it is about; A man loses his entire family and even his dog in a Boston flight that fateful morning of September 11, 2001. What you probably will not know before you look at this movie is this: how it feels; What are you doing with it? And how would it affect you and your relationship to every day of the day? The story takes place slowly from the gate and then heats up nicely while gaining a low speed until the recently restored relationship between dentists Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) solidifies and begins to take shape. The characters appear in this film whose presence at the beginning seems obligatory and underdeveloped, but in fact remains a story about this story, and you discover that the simplicity of every character is what makes this story compelling - and precise. Actual people are in a real situation where they can do a little bit, but stay aside while one of them decays. The pain within the Charlie's soul is subtly visible from the first introduction and grows as we learn more about its character, Sandler discovered brilliantly as layers of onions? one layer in combination with ease and weight. It's such a subtle performance that it sneaks into you and enters your head as you look at it on the screen. Cheldov Alan Johnson is equally subtle and very Don Chiddl. Always speaking, the lightness that is obvious when Cheadle on the screen talks about his outstanding acting skills. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is delicate in the texture, just as the situation would have required. Fineman does not want friendship, nor anyone who would fall into his clusured life, and yet, the nice quality that Alan possesses is simple and honest to intrigue even a shepherd like Charlie. Alan has a task to carefully open Charlie's carefully closed life. There is a natural danger in this process. What Alan urged Charlie to open up so far was to hire friends and psychologist Angele Oakhurst, (Liv Tyler), which is closer to the danger of Charlie pushing across the edge. It's a sore that Charlie spends every moment of awakening and he learned to move through a clear ban of denial. He denied everything that existed for him to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, his sadness is one thing he can not deny. Sandler is so deeply drawn into the pain of his character during the talk that while he realizes the demons, the viewer equally shares his pain. Alan is standing next to Charlie during this challenging process, risking her wife Janeane to win her perfect home life - with great grace and efficiency. (Jada Pinkett Smith) While trying to recover Charlie, Alan looks inward and recognizes his silent cry after the death of independence that he once had and the boy he had lost, becoming a man. His charity prize helps Charlie to reconnect with what he lost. The theme is similar to Fisher King; another story about a man who is isolated to the point of madness from sorrow and loss. Like the King of Fishermen, the story ends with the traditional, there is for every topic. Lidia Sinclair, the reign of Over Me, (played by the beautiful Amanda Plummer in King Fisher) is Donna Remar (Saffron Burrovs), a woman on the verge of a breakup and a modest patient Johnson, who turns out to be unstable enough to supplement. Charlie's border madness. It's a good ending story, but one element is probably the least likely to be true. Then again, maybe there really is someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
