We have a situation here. A man is in trouble and people want to help him - in other ways. In the end they are forced to let him go. You can not fix people. Although in different aspects, the rule above me is conventional Hollywood, this message is not. This story does not apply to Charles Sandman, a man who lost his wife and three daughters to 9 Avion who went to almost psychotic state of PTSS. It's about what Charlie works with Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), a dentist at New York who was his roommate at a dental school and, knowing about his tragedy, sees him on the street and reconnects. Charlie rides on a small motorized toy motorized scooter - a rather imaginative negotiation machine with Manhattan traffic - with large headphones on the mass of disobedient hair. Hair is Sandler's main backbone that shows that he is disturbed. And the use of music as an escape must be hit by every iPod driver that owns a subway. Charlie is a disaster, but paradoxically Alan, stuck with the controlling woman (Jada Pinkett Smith), soon begins to envy him. Charlie lives as a boy with enormous trust (money from insurance against tragedy) and starts pulling Alan to "hang out", "eat Chinese, buy boards, or watch Marlborough Mel Brooks in the national team. Charlie lives in a beautiful big apartment protected by a landlady, redesigning the kitchen over and over again, collecting old vinyl from Springsteen, Koga, etc. Living room. Charlie's parents are deeply concerned about him, but also somehow bitter, as we learn later. Alan has a new patient who suggests it. Charlie's despair tells us to see Alan's. An attempt to help Charlie partially allows Alan to escape from his own perplexing reality, but only partially makes him even more conscious of them. Chidl and Sandler make a strange couple, but it does not matter, because convincingly that both should and should be. Charlie is desperate for hanging out a friend who never knew his family, in order to avoid losing, he pretends to never have him. And what if, as a roommate, Charlie slept naked and slept walking and had a terrible musical taste (without Motovn)? Alan wants to escape from her regular life. He is under the bat not only from his wife, but also from his dental partners, who oversee him, even though he is the one who set the practice. They're white, by the way, and he's black. There is also a patient patient from hell, who seriously interferes with things in dental practices, but begins to look different when Charlie comes and remembers she is a babe. It seems his libido is in vain ready for revival at any moment. He is also attracted to the chests of Liv Tyler, psychotherapists in the same building as dentists who are beginning to try to treat Charlie when he acknowledges that he needs help. as well as a plethora of action devices (in fact, this movie feels like playing at more than one point), but he has several monologues expressing his sorrow in ways that are deeply touchable. Charlie's not just frivolous and sad, but also dangerous and violent, and all those efforts to help him start burning. The film is wonderful in the way that conveys the feeling that people can not be corrected. This is an interesting movie - sometimes touching - and it's the first time that 9/11 was processed in terms of surviving suffering. But there is a comedy element that seems unsuccessful at times, many people are too widespread, and the oversized Hollywood interiors have terrible decor; only the streets in Manhattan look real. There is a court scene that is pointless, and Donald Sutherland is a judge who is too good to be true. Alan's family problem is solved too easily by telephone call. And yet, this is worth watching the acting - the control and subtlety of Cheadle, and Sandler in a serious role almost as good as the one he had in P.T. Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love from 2002, although it's obviously a better movie, is actually much better.
