I did not really go to "Reign Over Me" knowing exactly what to expect from a director or a story. The action was easy to understand, I suppose. The whole family of this guy died 9/11, and he closed the world out of his life. OK. I did not know if I would use the attachment to terrorism as a platform to talk about or about other issues that relate to it, and it really is not at a very obvious level, so if you are afraid to surround yourself. political attitudes that may differ from yours, I would not be worried about it. I think the writing even showed that the "eleventh September" was never explicitly mentioned. All in all, I was impressed. It was a very moving picture. The film has a sense of humor and is very sharp, but it is certainly a drama to which it counts. I usually do not like to think that comic actors are incapable of actually acting, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are. Adam Sandler is definitely capable of this (although I think so, maybe you disagree, Jim Carrei is also very well rounded .. sometimes). Sandler's view of Charlie Fineman took a character that looks completely unreal on the surface and makes it absolutely convincing. I read many of the criticisms that criticized the writing of Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle in yet another great role, if not one that looks similar to some of his recent paintings) to a woman well known to Jada Pinkett Smith, calling it static and boring, but that is totally untrue. It has depth, but the part is hidden behind the main story, which is sometimes pulled and pulled out of the focus. (Which also reminds of some very unusual transitions made early in the film, with a strange "fadeout." After roughly the first 40 minutes, they are no longer used. Perhaps it is significant for the likenesses of the characters, the artistic, or perhaps just figuring out how irritating it is. ) The film gradually begins to reveal to us the point (one of the few, but definitely the most explicit) stories, that is, sometimes people have to deal with sorrow in their own way. It may seem unusual, it may seem completely unhealthy, but maybe what some people want more than anything to forget. Just exist. The movie soundtrack was excellent, and he used music to continue and enhance moods, instead of setting them up, giving credit to actors and writers. Film carries the name from the song "Love, Reign O'er Me", off The Vho's rock opera, Kuadrophenia. The song itself is rather insignificant in relation to the real story, but it is strongly used in the film during the peak and at the very end. The film is well executed, and it does not feel like pulling anywhere in its length, which is just over 2 hours. If you can accept Adam Sandler's view of this profoundly broken and broken man, you will enjoy the film. You will get involved in the story, and you will honestly feel for the characters at any time. It's not the best movie of the year, and there's nothing revolutionary or positively surprising, but it's a very pleasant, watched movie, all in all.
