In our household, we are huge fans of A Christmas Carol and we look practically every version of every Christmas, including the old Reginald Owen of 1938 and modern Patrick Stevart from 1999. Our strongest favorite is the black and white classic from 1951, because Alastair Sim IS Ebeneezer Scrooge and his conversion is the most honest. However, this performance from 1984 has its own unique merits and makes a wonderful and entertaining story, quite authentic to Dickens' novel. (See my comments on other movie adaptations, if you are interested). First of all, George C. Scott may look pretty dirty and does not make bad Scrooge. I love his valves, his long coat and his hat. He cut the finest fashion line, and a very handsome gentleman. However, sometimes it seems that Scott enjoys in his role as Scrooge just a little too much and does not take it as seriously as he should! You somehow know that this story will have a happy ending. Filmed in the city of Shrevsburi, England, it seems to be very British. The film has great music, with a wonderful, lively song in all the relevant parts of the story. Sometimes I almost felt baking chestnuts and pudding in copper! Marlee's anxious ghost (with his wonderful jaw falling scene) and three ghosts are pretty convincing. Christmas past is a lovely ethereal lady, Christmas present is beautifully gay and happy, Christmas Come bury and bewilderment as always. However, I found Scrooge's nephew, Fred, little, quiet and gloomy, not so cheerful and cordial as he should be. I love the uncle's wife, whom they called Janet, with her lovely hair. Instead of a blind bluff, they made the game Similes for the uncle's Christmas dinner, which is a sweet little touch, Scrooge entered the spirit of things. Cratchits and their somewhat scarce (although highly regarded) Christmas Eve are well shown, with Bob (David Varner) being pretty cute and time-consuming in his moods of a joke. Ms. Cratchit is charmingly shown by Susannah York, who also starred with George C. Scott in the wonderful adaptation from 1970 Jane Eire. Above all, this version has undoubtedly the best Tini Tim, not only beautiful and lovely, but painful. With those dark circles beneath the eyes, a fragile little thing seems to have survived a little clock! This is a wonderful and warm version of the festive classic. With its festive atmosphere, it will surely put you in the spirit of the season.
