On September 11, 2001, millions of people were killed; but 2,819 lives ended in a particularly terrible way. They were the victims of the aircraft that abducted extremists whose only mission was the destruction of buildings, but more importantly, people. This film deals in detail with four people whose lives end this catastrophic event and one man whose life was ruined by the loss of life. Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist living in New York, on September 11, lost his wife and three children while on their way to Los Angeles. Emotionally destroyed by events, he ultimately loses touch with anyone who reminds him of his former life; including his parents and best friend (played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender). He completely denies and does everything he can forget about his previous life. This continues until he encounters his old friend from college Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) whom Fineman does not seem to remember. The two of them are starting to arrive, but Fineman believes that Johnson sent people from his previous life to persuade him to find help. Slowly, but surely, Fineman gets the confidence for Johnson. While this all happens, Alan Johnson's life goes wrong. He is a self-employed (dentist) who helps in the initiation of dental practice. One day, the patient of his name, Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows), is trying to come to him, telling him that she would like to do oral sex for him. This is an undesirable surprise for dr. Johnson because he is a married man with two children. After returning home from work on a particular business day, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to overturn him. He is unsuccessful, but he gets another opportunity and urges Fineman to take coffee with him to recover, despite the fact that Fineman does not know who he is. The thing about this movie is its use as a motive. One of Fineman's physiological crates is music, especially Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When asked by Fineman to open up about his past or to talk about things he considers unpleasant, he puts his headphones and drowns the world with things in his music. I'm thinking: How can I cope with the loss of my family? How to deal with such tragic events. That's something we do not mean too often. We always think that they will be there and we often take them for granted, regardless of whether we intend or not. Usually we understand how important they are when it's too late; and such a blow can destroy somebody physically, emotionally and physiologically. I really do not know how to deal with something like that. Should I face the problem, in order to deal with it, and continue with my life, or would I just put the headphones and block the world?
