As someone who never gave Adam Sandler a talent, as he did to him and many comic actors like him, I entered Reign Over Me, expecting an excellent movie, not only because of his presence in the film, but because I thought it looked like very well in general. Even someone who already thought Sandler could perform an effective drama performance writes here that I was surprised how fantastic it is. He will make you cry, especially in his deliberately sudden and unexpected monologue. What's amazing about his role is that it's a character that's hard to say we've seen before. We have seen many emotionally grieving characters, many mentally retarded people, many loners, many passionate autocentric artists, but Sandler Charlie Fineman is none of it. He can in some way taste each of them, but his character is truly unpredictable and completely individual. It is a joy for the audience to emotionally attract it and to be withdrawn in any way by someone whose problems, way of thinking and provocation are completely different from most characters like him. Don Cheadle brings interesting performance to a completely different level. He's every man. He is the most normal person in the world, so much that you will find it hard to find many characters like his, or at least anything that is played in the way he plays Alan Johnson, whose name is even on the tape. Cheadle is brilliant in being ridiculous, jerk, smart and stupid as many normal people are. The rest of the actors are settled by actors and actors who have almost done nothing. in smaller but rather vivid roles. Jada Pinkett-Smith is an overly refined wife of the upper middle class, Donald Sutherland is an impatient, but surprising judge, Robert Klein is Sandler's desensitized candlestick. something very deep in the wonders of communication in all its forms. It's much more subtle than, say, Babel, and has a much closer-ideal home. The camera is interested only in the reality of its images against the style itself. This movie impressed me as a kind of return to the kitchen sink style of the 1970s. Cinematography was grainy and discarded, but it was her charm. It was not about getting us to the camera itself and to the splendor that would divide his stories. Music, which plays a major role in the film, and its title, is very powerful. Near the beginning, you feel like you are in another movie about Schmidt or Little Miss Sunshine, but soon realize that you are more than that. In fact, the movie is full of music that encourages many of the most scenic scenes. Reign Over Me is the main statement not only for society, but for the film itself. This shows that even Blankman's manager is capable of miracles.
