Over and over, it seems to me that Comedy actors Hollywood surprised their talents as drama performers: first it was Robin Villiams {One Hour Photo (2002)}}, then it was Jim Carrei {'Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) 'is one example, then Vill Ferrell {' Stranger than Fiction (2006) ') and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's absolutely correct: a guy who based his entire career on making foolish comedies, I do not regret; I've always been a fan} has finally given me a performance that can be proud of. Of course, some readers may be wondering what happened with 'Punch-Drunk Love' (2002), but I can only assure you that it's the movie I'm currently taking measures to see as soon as possible after I've heard it brilliant. My first film, directed by Mike Binder, 'Reign Over Me,' is an intelligent and respectful study of sorrow and friendship. Although occasionally it sits on all known territory, the somewhat predictable story is surprisingly deep and moving, and Sandler and Don Cheadle give unforgettable performances. Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although she can not properly communicate with her husband (Jada Pinkett Smith), so his marriage is a bit of a nuisance. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's former roommate at college, a man who lost his entire family in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and who still faces his sense of sadness. Charlie has left his career in dentistry and spent time in solitude: listening to music with headphones that exclude the sound from the outside world, riding around Manhattan in his motorized scooter, immersing in fantastic video games and constantly redecorating his kitchen in the apartment in accordance with the final wishes of his late wife. When Alan and Charlie met for the first time in the last few years, this other one does not recognize an old friend who has completely abandoned any memory before his experience that made him want to live. Indeed, at the beginning, he does not even recognize the existence of his family, and suddenly loses his nerves whenever someone proposes to seek counseling. At first, it may seem a little exploitative for filmmakers to be using September 11 attacks as a narrative device. After that, would not it be equally devastating that Charles's family died in an ordinary, everyday traffic accident? However, if you consider the director intent to show the enormous pain tragedy caused by ordinary citizens, then 'Reign Over Me' is doing a very good job. It's easy to get into insignificant statistics that ignore the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; this is the first film directed at the nineteen-year-old who I saw who really did deal with the suffering of those who were not involved, whose only torment was caused by the loss of those they loved. Adam Sandler shows a surprising range in a difficult role that would disintegrate into pieces if he did not complete the task. Charlie Fineman immediately clings between cheer, anger and depression, a man with whom we can deeply sympathize, a hollow soul that, thanks to dating with an old friend, can finally see the light at the end of a dark, dark tunnel.
