It can be spoilers! Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy (terrorist attacks of September 11), still complains about their death. He ran into his former college college, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two of them again set fire to their friendship. Alan promises to help her old friend reconcile with a terrible loss. This is the simplification of the basic story of Reign Over Me. This film, however, is a story about how fate is advocated in our lives when we ourselves can be powerless to do anything about our own state of being. Alan is stuck in a life he knows he no longer fulfills. He feels friendly and out of touch with his reality. He is unable to communicate with his wife and associates at work. He can not express his feelings and as a result he feels lost and distant from his own world. Charlie on Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving from work. In the end, he finds out and finds that Charlie (who does not remember Alan originally) lives in his false reality. Charlie returned to his life when he did not have a family. He lives as if he is still a student who plays in the rock band, collects vinyl boards from the 60's and 70's, and plays video games. He escaped to a better and safer time in his life where there are no bad guys and he has much less to lose. Anyone in this film is in some way affected by the tragedy that has affected Charlie and his forgiveness to the earlier different and better (?) City. His landlord is his patron and great facilitator. His parents were taken away from his life because they would restore him to the reality that his family has now disappeared from his life. And Alan is most affected by what Alan wants (in the beginning is a selfish desire to escape from his reality) to be with Charlie as a means to take away his own congested reality and then wants to find a way to help Charlie start is recovering from its self-induced guilt and denial of loss. It is precisely through this relationship that Charlie can not only start treating herself but also that Alan, in fact, learns to communicate and despise her true desires with her associates at work and, finally, can confess to her wife that she was not in She is able to convey her real feelings to her, but she really wants to love her. In fact, this is the moment in the movie when things hit the fans, and Charlie faces the reality that he was thrown out that he and Alan talk about the situation together about the "Chinese" that Charlie alleges to be worried about Alan, and not for himself . This film will, if you allow it, take you through the river of emotions and leave you to think. You'll have to laugh at how Charlie uses his words, as people really do in everyday life, to make a comic statement about the real situation. He will leave you on the edge of tears, (in my case, tears are real), when Charlie faces his sadness and begins to face his huge loss. And that in fact is a tragic reality of his guilt and loss, in fact he never left him, and he dealt with the only way he knew it: denial. It will curse you in the cold, ruthless proceedings of a young prosecutor trying to win his "case" (as I actually did at Charlie's hearing!) And that will make you laugh at the sound mind of an old and wise, rigorous judge. , (Donald Sutherland, who is excellent in his short prominent role and gives the best performances of a wise, strict person in the legal profession since Wilford Brimley played the assistant chief prosecutor in the absence of malice.) This film was also incredible to me for several other reasons: (1) I've never watched the watch during a movie show. Which means it was from the beginning to the end, (2) Although the actor's acting was interracial, that fact was not important for playing the role of characters in the film. Race was a non-factor in performing the role in this film. Wonderful people can communicate with this fact! and (3) the only real reference to September 11 is when Charlie's Finance Attorney mentions the tragedy of Charlie's loss as "what Charlie became at 9/12." Time will be the real test of how this film will stand out in the future, but if the purpose of the movie is not to entertain, but to think that this movie will stay with you too long after leaving the theater, then Reign Over Me has succeeded phenomenally as me regards. I still have not forgotten this wonderful film that causes thinking and I will be eager to wait for the day when I can buy it as a DVD.
