Reign Over Me is a success thanks to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While comedians acted dramatically as a bit of interference, Sandler was not a stranger to play more serious roles. Most of the characters that he displays has an unstable temperament and vulnerability that can burst at any time. It may even be typed for characters with such problems of hidden anger. However, this performance has some significant dramatic weight, unlike its roles in comedy offer such as Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) encounters his old college roommate, Charlie Finner (Sandler), whom he had not seen for several years. Five years earlier, Charlie suffered a huge loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie barely recognizes Chayleeus character because of the suppression of his memories and the subsequent withdrawal of childhood from the accident. Only when Alan persists in engaging him in conversation, Charlie remembers who he is. Their renewed relationship will enable Finner to have a friend who does not talk about his loss, which enabled him to confront the thoughts and feelings he pushed under his own conditions. Although writer-director Mike Binder does not show much sense to the individual style, and some of his recordings and transitions are somewhat embarrassing, he has the sense to be decent and excellent in his actors while he is a talented and entertaining writer . He filmed this film with a digital camera, as more and more filmmakers now make it possible to shoot night scenes with limited lighting. This kept New York's colorful backgrounds in focus, but it resulted in the creation of frequent digital grains, which resemble blue dots of bulk and move on the screen. Almost every major character in Reign Over Me gives an excellent picture. performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tiler remember in their roles as a frustrated woman Cheadle's character and psychiatrist. However, Sandler and Cheadle have so far provided some of their best works. They fully owned this film. Sandler actually plays a character who does not seem to be either outward at all or does not seem to be acting like him at all, partly attributed to his Bob Dylan-eskuire feather. Although the Cheadle character has more screens than Sandler, both should be considered the main roles, as they equally support and help each other through the film. Music also plays a major role in this film, especially the title song "Reign Over Me", or "Love, reign O'er Me" by Tko, and later covered by Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments of the film, Binder shows Sandler using music to exclude his feelings and memories, but this special poem causes such an intense emotion that instead of reducing his anger, stimulates his emotions. All in all, Reign Over Me is a fun, sad, but often funny movie, guided by incredible leading performances.
