Let me begin by saying that at the age of 34 I suddenly became a widow. I was devastated because he was not sick - he died unexpectedly at the core of the coronary - his carotids exploded - he died behind our house. The police were speculating a lot, because he fell to something and smashed his head. I was suspected of murder until the autopsy returned. My children were so traumatized as I, so I'm in love with a good father like him. I had three young children, without education, without financial support. I took it very, very hard. Within two years, the relatives attacked me verbally, physically, emotionally and spiritually, I did not complain about children, put masks on and showed people what they wanted to see and did not show them my pain during the holidays. .. Nobody got up for me and my choice to go on a holiday, except of course, the therapist of the sorrow that I saw advised me to follow my heart and soul. My cousins ​​did not get it! FOREVER changed my relationship with them, and I never returned to vacation. This is just one example of how my sadness was disrespected! My own (new) husband saw me breaking up talking about the trauma when I shared my soul. I collapse, I can not breathe, I hyperventilate, and I am generally dead for several days if I try to convey hidden pain. Now about this movie ... Nowadays my soul was thrown, my heart broke. My fears and pain again emerged from the real demons that this film represents; how we grieve over how others expect us and the demons in us. Adam Sandler perfectly portrayed the terrible agony you face, overcome, and most of all, live in your free time! This film has dug up all the pain I've tried to solve over the years. You see, when something inflicts damage on your soul so deeply, so deeply that they say everything that comes from your mouth at moments of thinking, you can not deal with it without the desire to be dead and walk through life, in a dead state. The Bible has the Bible, Romans 8:26, that I kept it, that when my mouth and soul do not know what to pray for, this God's Holy Spirit carries that agony on the feet of God- - I do not have to speak. Sandler showed it to perfection! There is a scene in which he was dragged into a court hearing for the purpose of mental health, and he returns to face his cousins ​​--- (I know him) --- and he tells them the incredible truth he had, according to Se, that he could not cross. It's a deeply powerful and powerful performance. I began to joke and I had difficult moments after the departments picked up to get out of the theater and felt my legs were too weak to do it. My son was with me and I saw him first hand, my precise movements while I was trying to keep it all together; A lesson for him, my youngest one who barely remembers his dad. It's been 13 years for me, but this movie brought me back to the moment when I lost my zeal forever when they asked for a mask on my emotions and a lecture on their desires instead of respecting one's own. I'm writing this, so if you're a griever, you're ready for this movie, but recommend it high in the 1000 stars Sandler gave. If you are not yet a griever, please take a lesson from his film and just listen and accept the human choices in their sadness, allowing them to find peace in their time! Sometimes, the soul can not utter words to convey our pain. Take a look at this film with the tissues, not without the preparation to bring it ... into your soul!
