Love Hurts. That's, I mean, the main message that Mike Binder's latest film Reign Over Me transmits. Whether that love caused the stagnation of your relationship, or provoked an anger from the one you love cheating for years, or you broke your heart to the extent that you can not open to the world, love afflicts. However, the great thing about this movie is not showing these lost souls trying to let their past pass, but in the eventual re-launching of new connections for the future. Nobody in this drama is perfect; all are to a certain extent emotionally trapped in relationships that can not be freed themselves. There is some heavy subject matter, and I admit that Binder has never made the story turn into a political critique, but instead breathes serious moments into some real comic pieces that allow the story to remain characteristic and small in relation to the epic event that flashes over the head . What could have become an idiosyncratic way of thinking about how 9-11 did us all, ends up as a story about the two men and the connection they share, which is the only thing that can save lives from depression and regret. br /> This is a new career for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director Paul Thomas Anderson first saw a childish, angry anger in his stupid comedy as something that will be dramatically used. Minority of a character like Billy Madison allows for laughter and insignificant humor, but can also be used to portray a suppressed man, shy and confined to the world around him? A man without confidence who needs a compassion to break him from his shell. Anderson allowed Sandler to do exactly that in his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love, and Mike Binder made it a step further. Sandler plays former dentist Charlie Finamen, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the planes that were hit by the World Trade Center 9-11. That moment quenched every life he had and, as a result, he became withdrawn and began to believe that he could not remember anything that had happened before that day. He truly conveys a moving portrait of a man who tries to keep the charade in his head while those around him, those who love him, try to open it to the reality of what has happened and what the future holds. Always on the verge and ready to shoot at any time when something is meant to burn a memory of his failed family, he goes through life with his iPod and headphones, excluding all that he does not remember. Reign Over Me is not about Charlie Fineman, but about a dentist and family man Alan Johnson. A man who captured himself in marriage and a dental office that stagnated in monotony, Johnson needs to be so helped in life as his old roommate at Charlie College. He was always playing brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson lost his spine to try to change his life. No friends and when he accidentally sees Charlie, one day, his life evolves into something he did not feel for 15 years. He enjoys the chance to go out with an old friend no matter how much he has changed since his family's death. Cheadle's character wants to return to college days, and Sandler does not mind it because it was all before he met his wife. The two men get what they want and allow themselves to come nearer to the years of loneliness that dominated their lives. However, when they begin to open, it is inevitable that the object of the tragedy is lifted and tested by the façade they have made. The supporters make an incredible job that helps maintain the performance for two leads. Jada Pinkett Smith was never an actress who impressed me and throughout the film she acted beautifully on a woman's nail, but that's her final scene on the phone with Cheadle, which really showed me something different and true. Liv Tyler is a bit beyond his element as a psychiatrist, but the film calls for this fact and it makes miscasting, perfect casting. Many small thumbnails are also effective, even the role of writer / director Mike Binder as Sandler's best friend and accountant, (my only remark is why he feels the need to put his name in the initial credits as an actor when he is everywhere, since this is his Movie). The last, but not the least, is the beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a great actress and plays a divorced love that tries to bring her life back to life. The role, which at first glance looks comic, but ends up as an integral aspect of what is coming. Binder has created one of the best dramatic character studies I've seen for a long time. The direction is almost impeccable, (blurred between cuts and background / background backgrounds made me very upset at first), acting great, and telling the truth to himself, never getting out easily or wrapping in a neat tie to the conclusion. Even the music was fantastic and used to improve rather than emotionally leading us (why after the two great uses of the titular song by The Vho's Binder felt the need to use Eddie Veddar's final remix, I do not know, but I do unfortunately cost). Reign Over Me is a movie about love and how, although it can cause the worst pain imaginable, it can save us from regret and allow us to see the world again as a place of beauty and hope.
