This film was screened last night at the Austin Theater Paramount within the SKSSV Film Festival. We were honored with the presence of director Mike Binder and actors Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle who filmed audience questions after the film. It's an extraordinary and powerful movie about how to lose yourself and start coming back. The performances are phenomenal and the story succeeds in being both tragic and ridiculous in a way that is too rare. (The movie trailer is trying too hard to emphasize the comic aspect.) This is the role of Adam Sandler. As he began to play a more dramatic role with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role was a significant step forward for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination while continuing to move to more dramatic roles like Tom Hanks and Jim Carrei. In this role, it seemed to be trying to channel Dustin Hoffman into Rain Man. Although playing an autistic man is completely different from Sandler's traumatized character, both characters are for various reasons trapped in their own worlds of childish isolation and confusion. Good. After the Rwanda and Crash Hotel, we came to expect extraordinary shuffled performances from Cheadle. He has the qualities of sincerity and sincerity that are realized in this role. But he is also broken and struggling if not in such a deep way as Sandler's character. Cheadle is struggling with difficulties both in marriage and in professional life as a dentist. The common characters that Chad and Sandler struggle to cope with are the way true friends often work (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Vill Hunting). They both search for the part of themselves who have lost themselves and try to find it again. Reign over Me is one of the best major studio films to be released this year. Soundtrack, which is almost another character in the plot is wonderful. Shooting on the streets of New York - a city that suffered a great tragedy and which had to cure - is also very nice. The accompanying roles of Jade Pinkett Smith, Liv Tiler, Saffron Burrows (in a very unusual role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder are very good. A story that many will be able to link to at many levels. This is a story of sadness, family, healing, male friendship, mental health and the meaning of love. Reign over Me does not disappoint. The film is almost hypnotic because it attracts you to the lives of his characters. Hollywood would have a much better reputation if it created more charming films such as Reign over Me.
