Everyone is definitely familiar with these most famous stories? the soulless businessman eyeballs the ghost of his dead partner on the eve of Christmas Eve and warns that, if he continues with his careless ways, he will be condemned to the grave life in the chains. In order to avoid the fate of his partner, he is visited by three spirits who show him the visions of the past, present and forthcoming Christmas, so he will hopefully see the mistakes in his ways before it is too late. Pretty morbid story, but it's classic Charles Dickens, and also one of the most famous and most popular Christmas stories of all time. Me is this definite version of Dickens's Timeless Story. ; that's what I always remember I watched at school, and I remember being completely terrified by it! The Spirit of James Marlies, the final scene with the spirit of the Christmas gift under the bridge, and the spirit of Christmas that still came, I found myself particularly intimidating. How is, for God's sake, the movie got the 'U' certificate? (For non-UK readers 'U' is the lowest classification, it means that family and children are welcome, nothing is scared of them, etc. ... This is certainly not the case, since some smaller children will undoubtedly be considered to be final segment positively intimidating with the dark reaper of the Christmas Future. Anyway, from many versions of this classic story I've seen adapted for the movie, this is probably the most faithful book. The most striking segment is that it's seldom seen in film adaptations of the original text - about the spirit a Christmas present showing Scrooge two children hidden under his coat (you would never come out with such a scene!) children represent ignorance and need (although they have been changed to Wish in this film) .The critiques for me, however, have become apparent After watching her again with more objective and trained eyes, the main thing being that George C. Scott's picture of the Scrooge looks just not cold enough, she laughs too much. I do not want to use the word happy, because, of course, Ebeneezer is everything else, but he seems to be just a mocking old man, not a positive, cold and carefree man in the book and other films. Patrick Stevart perfectly portrayed him in one of the latest films, and Michael Caine, despite working with the Muppet, was positively cool. Furthermore, the development of the character during the film as he learns more about the error of his own roads and is growing towards redemption is inconclusive and seems inconsistent. He seems to have changed a little when he arrived at the last lesson of the third spirit. But ignoring this one (though great) story, it is still enchanting and eventually a cordial Christmas story, like all Christmas movies should be. London, of course, looks like a perfect, picturesque, strange English snow covered city that many Americans probably imagine (it is true that London was even gray and dirty now, and the snow would never be so white!) Is so impeccably dressed, even Poor people look pretty stupid. But of course, it's a Christmas movie, so why would not everything look nice? Perfect overview of holidays; in combination with copies It's a wonderful life, a miracle on 34th Street and a snowman and you have everything you need.
