This modern film noir, with its senseless humor and a staggering series of bandages, brings a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and great entertainment from beginning to end. It is impossible not to sympathize with a sincere, modest hero or to catch him by the ways he tries to get out of the terrible circumstances in which he is, so all you can do is fasten the belt and enjoy the ride. The story of an ordinary man who makes a bad decision and then reveals that his repercussions are pushing him into an uncontrollable sequence of events from which he can not be pulled out, is a pure film noir. The same goes for the topics of murder, fraud, corruption and duplicity that are ubiquitous. Many of the notorious noir visual motifs are also present, such as the way in which the smoke of cigarettes falls, the rain was flooded at night by the roads, the interior that was very shaded and the shadow lines (which made the louvred door) over the face of people. /> Michael Villiams (Nicolas Cage), a wounded war veteran without money or work, stops at a bar in Red Rock, in Vioming and mistakenly considers him the owner of Vaine Brovn (JT Valsh) for the killer has agreed to kill his wife Suzana (Lara Flinn Boile). Michael, a naturally restrained person, does nothing to reassure Vaine for his misconceptions, especially because he could use the job and at first does not understand what is expected of him. After being told what his mission was and getting $ 5,000 in advance, he went to see Suzanne and warned her about Vaine's plan. She does not seem too concerned about the dangers she is in, and offers Michael the double compensation offered by Vaine to eliminate her husband. Michael decides to take the money he got from both sides. and leave the city. His plan, however, is failing, when he accidentally drove to a man standing in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital for treatment for injuries. In the hospital, things become more complicated when it turns out that the patient is Susan's lover and has two bullets in his stomach. This leads to the involvement of local police officers and the discovery that Vaine is a sheriff !! From this moment on, things get even more complicated and also much more dangerous, especially when the real man makes a real man, Lily of Dallas (Dennis Hopper) arrives on the scene. "Red Rock West" has some great moments of uncertainty, (for example, there is a scene in which Michael ran away from Vaine's bar), as well as some great performances from a very strong band. Nicolas Cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing because they react to different situations with anxiety, surprise, or uncertainty, and T Valsh is also particularly good as a misleading character who always hides more than he actually says. Dennis Hopper was very much threatened by an evil contract killer (the role he plays with great pleasure) and Lara Flinn Boile looks appropriate cold and calculated as femme fatale. Dvight Ioakam also provides good support and moments of humor in his humorous role as a truck driver without any nonsense. Unbelievably, "Red Rock West" was originally condemned to refuse a general movie release, but it was justified from its humble beginnings to be eventually recognized as the big movie that really is.
