Red Rock West is one of those narrow noir trillers we rarely see. It's a great pace, it has behaved well and does not leave us with free ends or unanswered questions so typical of this genre. all the way to Vioming for potential employment. He is honest with the mistake, but always on the dark side of destiny. After failing to get a paid job, Michael crashes into the red bar, where the owner of the Veyn (JTValsh) mistakes him for calling from Dallas, hired him to work in his own beautiful but deadly wife Suzanne ( Lara Flinn Boile). Vaine gives Michael the necessary details and the slayer for the murder of Suzy. Without any intention of passing, Michael accepts the money and then tries to warn Suzanne about her upcoming death. He also sends a letter to a local sheriff revealing plot and division. How will fate dictate, Michael will not easily solve the situation. As he goes into a fierce storm, he runs down Suzanne's lover. Of course, Michael Michael took him to a local hospital where it was discovered that he was shot. The sheriff is called and how luck she had, Wayne is also a local law. Michael manages to escape as he rides on that last run and is later picked up by a real "Lille from Dallas" who plays murderously by the strange Dennis Hopper. After discovering that they were marine fellow, Lyle insisted that Michael join him in a drink in, where else, in the Red Bar. Vaine takes his mistake here, and soon he and Lila search for Michael, willingly falling into Suzannes' hands that are waiting. I'm lame to steal millions of dollars. Getting money now becomes the central focus of movies with a series of editions, double crosses and murders. The film was very good. Nicolas Cage was typically low, Dennis Hopper and Lara Flinn Bolie took over their roles with more than enough capabilities. The late actor was J.T. Valsh, who was threatening without the looks of it. Valsh was a great actor who left us too early. Photo Reshoskis used many unique angles that contributed to the tension and development of the plot. The movie is further enhanced by the narrow-fashioned style of John Dahl and the quick editing of Morris Cestan's fire.
