From the director of 'Last Seduction' and 'Kill me again', another film comes in noir style. John Dahl created a niche for himself by filming films about adultery, blackmailing the early nineties. Although I did not have much thought about the last seduction. But today, Mr. Dahl used the direction of television shows. It's a pity that a man had talent. *** SPOILERS ** This is a pretty impressive movie that revolves around crawling waves. for a job in Wyoming. However, he does not show happiness and becomes a substitute for a strike from Texas by the owner of bar J.T. Valsha. He has the task of killing his wife (Boile). But Cage decides to split after receiving payment in advance, without doing so. Upon leaving the city, he accidentally hits the type on the road, which then returns to the local hospital. At that moment Cage again accidentally meets with Valsha, who also looks like a local sheriff. After that, Cage escaped from his claws but met with a real hit that was accidentally Dennis Hopper. John Dahl wrote and directed this film. Accordingly, this shows that the project can prove to be decent when the director puts his thoughts on the screen. The direction is a good standard, but as I watched the movie I got a shot for a TV movie. There were too many frames. However, this does not prevent the movie from being a pleasant experience. The film had a good pace and the structure was perfect. Dahl wrote a good time scenario. Cage really showed the role of a stroller, although my performance seemed somewhat restrained. His face expression was on the trail. Lara Flinn Boile was hot and perfectly led her part like femme fatale. Her hairstyle was far away and could cause anyone to kneel. Hopper played a good role. But I feel that he was wrong for this role. He did not convince me that he had the characteristics of the killer. The role was not written in view of his personality. While watching one, you will get the action in previous movies such as 'The Hot Spot' and 'Perfect Murder'. Due to the fact that some parcels are similar. All in all, if you are a fan of noir movies, then this is for you. It is worth recommending. 7/10
