A great example of the "cowboy night", as he was called, in which the unemployed Michael (Nicolas Cage) loses his job because he insists on being honest (he has a boom). If he can not do anything else, he decides to lie once. When she entered the bar, and the owner of Vaine (late, great JT Valsh) made a mistake for the killer whom Vaine hired to work in her sexy young wife Suzanne (Lara Flinn Boile in good shape), Michael plays together and accepts Vaines money. * Then she goes to Suzanne and informs her about the intentions of her husbands, and accepts her money to get rid of Vaine! If it's not complicated things, the real hit man, "Dile's Lily" (Dennis Hopper, in the perfect role for him) appears and Michael is in even greater trouble than before. Red Rock West receives many of the locations. The director, John Dahl, who wrote the script with his brother, Rick, was smart in realizing the story's potential in a truly isolated small town that may have seen better days and where residents could be involved in any scheme. It is also a fun idea of ​​what kind of troubles an honest person can deal with if he decides to abandon his principles and leave himself to any level of temptation. It's a pretty dark story with too many main characters that, if not corrupt, are at least morally compromised like Michael. Illumination of the cinema Mark of Reshovsky is great in his disorder; even the climax set in the cemetery gives a nice morbid quality to the whole thing. Even if writing is not particularly "logical or credible", the film has a nice way to intrigue the viewer and simply draw them. The cage works well, but its co-stars have a great old time that sinks into their fleshy and greedy motivated characters. Hopper, Boile and Valsh are fun to watch in these parts. Timothy Carhart and Dan Shor are as good as Valsh's deputies (in one particularly good turn, Valsh is also a local sheriff), and there's also a fun cameo role for the countri & vestern star, Dvight Ioakam, who also praises the movie with favorable final credits. Tune. It's pretty good movie worth checking out. He moves forward at an impressive pace, and if nothing else is ever boring. 8/10
