What we have here is a goddamn good thriller of the nineties that, although it may be missing in essence, continues to provide great entertainment all the time and overall does everything you could want to do a movie of this nature. I watched the movie mainly because it was directed by John Dahl - a highly understated director behind big-time trillers such as The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I realized that if this film was at the level of what I already saw from the director, it would be nice to watch - and Red Rock Vest is certainly a movie that Dahl can be proud of. The action focuses on the overly moral Michael; a man traveling in America looking for a job. He finds him one day when he comes to the bar at the Red Rock Counts - just a catch is that the job is to kill a male woman. He's wrong for a killer named Lila, but instead of doing a job; he plays both sides against each other and ultimately plans to escape. However, his attempts to escape are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lile appears ... John Dahl seems to enjoy setting up a triloger on the go; He did it three years earlier with Kill Me Again, and again nearly ten years away from this film with Roadkill. It is not difficult to understand why Dahl chose this location because it provides an incredible atmosphere for a thriller like this one. Dahl also gives his film "a film of the nightmare," because the action focuses mainly on the central character, and the word he has full of dark and mysterious characters. The performance is largely very good, with Nicholas Cage, who works greatly in the lead and gets A-Class support from Lara Flinn Boile, J.T. Valsh and, of course, Dennis Hopper; who once again controls the screen with its superb performance. It must be said that the other half of the movie is not as attractive as the first, but Red Rock Vest is certainly never boring and the way Dahl orchestrates a great finale is great in that all central characters become Part of it. All in all, Red Rock Vest is a movie you will not regret. It's exciting, and you can not ask for much more than that!
