"Red Rock Vest" was by far the best of the 90s with a great screenplay (John and Rick Dahl) who kept you guessing and on the edge of your place for most of the movie. He was excellently directed by John Dahl and played a great role, including Nicolas Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flinn Boile and especially J. Т. Valsh (in an unforgettable performance) making this fun and amazing thriller unavoidable. The movie never had much publicity about the release (I actually caught it for the first time on TV) and therefore it's one of those special little jewels that you have to look for, but this unique movie now slowly gets a cult sequence. > Nicolas Cage is Michael Villiams who lost his job when he was in the small town of Red Rock. Incorrect because of a contract killer named Lila from Dallas, he is shocked that he was offered $ 10,000 to kill the wife of the owner of the bar Vaine Brovn (excellent JT T. Valsh). He plays along with the plan and decides to go and warn Brown's wife Suzana (Lara Flinn Boile), but then the tangle flares up and there is so much twist, turn and surprise - and a double job - that Cage was thrown from one crisis to another and is trapped in a terrible situation that can not be pulled out! Then just to make things more complicated, Real Lile appears to perform a contractual murder (all played by the favorite heavyweight Dennis Hopper). When Hopper discovered what had happened, he went to Cage, but no one could see the amazing events that followed. Some favorite lines from the movie: Nicolas Cage (Lari Flinn) Boile): "I hate to see an innocent woman who is hurt, but it's a terrible amount of money." J. Т. Valsh (Cageu): "Michael Villiams. Well, Michael, you will spend some time with us until we get to the bottom of this." Boile (in Cage): "You are not a killer?". Cage: "That's right, no, but the guy I should just go to town so you have to get out of here." Boile (in Cage): "OK How will you explain the imitation of a hired killer and take $ 10,000 from my husband?". Extremely entertaining little thriller (only 98 minutes) with a story that never gives up and works hard from all the principals. Every movie with J. Т. Valshom is O.K. in my book and "Red Rock West" was one of his best. How sad it was that in 1998 she suffered a heart attack in the career of this remarkable actor. The most fertile period for movie noir was undoubtedly forty, but "Red Rock Vest" is a good modern example of a genre and jumped right to my Top Ten list of all favorite movies. I'm still looking forward to this by the director of John Dahl. 10/10. Clive Roberts. <br /> <br />
