Ealing Studios, a television and film production company based in western London, claims to be the oldest film studio in the world. Although he has consistently produced films and television programs since the 1930s, his golden age was certainly between 1948 and 1955, when he produced a series of comedic masterpieces, and many actors were great actors Guinness. Such well-known titles include 'Vhiskei Gallore! (1949), '' Passport to Pimlico (1949), '' Hearts and Coronets '' (1949), '' Lavender Hill Mob '' (1951), '' The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953) and The Ladikillers (1955 )). 'One of the most beloved films Ealing Studios, "The man in the white suit", was released in 1951 and starred Alec Guinness as Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who inženjerira extraordinary fabric, an invention by the unexpected makes more enemies than friends. Sidney Stratton is poor and uninterested, but has a great scientific talent. Because of his inadequate qualification, the only job he can get is as a janitor or worker in any of the large textile factories, where he secretly undertakes his own experiments using his own money and equipment. After being discovered and thrown out countless times, Sydney is convinced that it is only a few weeks away from a significant scientific discovery that will revolutionize the textile industry. Encouraged by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the owner of Textile Factory Alan Birnlei (Cecil Parker) is interested in Sidne's venture and agrees to fund any further work. After numerous failed attempts and countless explosions on the ground, Sidnei eventually reveals his incredible creation: almost shiny white fabric that never gets dirty and never wears out. If Sydney thought his invention would be making him a hero, then he was very disappointed. Almighty heads of the textile industry, led by Mr. John fragile Kierlavom (Ernest Thesiger), unite to ensure that a revolutionary invention that could completely cripple their business, never goes into full production. Likewise, modest workers in the workers' union are hearing about the creation of Sydney and also want to erase it from existence, fearing for their work. The inventor, however, is convinced that the permanent fabric will bring relief and happiness to many, and refuses to yield to the requests of others, despite the threats of violence and the offer of 250,000 euros. Through all his troubles to publish his invention the media, only one person offers Sidney its full sympathy and support, Birnleievu daughter Daphne, who is engaged to marry someone else, or is already falling in love with Sidneino state. <Br /> < "The man in the white suit" is smart and hilarious comedy, made great by the witty script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alekander Mackendrick) and unusual and charismatic performance by the inimitable Alec Guinness. There are also some benevolent moves in capitalism, and how many large industries can stop progress in favor of their own monetary situations, although we can certainly see the arguments for both sides of the debate.
