Often referred to as comedy, "The Man in a White Suit" is set up far more than giggling here and there. Sidney Straton is an eccentric inventor who does not get a chance to develop his inventions on the world because no one pays him to notice, he's just an unusual man with strange balls about the place he is. After bluffing at Birnlee's textile factory, he uses his laboratory to achieve his goal of inventing a fabric that not only never worsens, but also never needs to be cleaned! He was originally proclaimed a genius, and those who initially ignored him suddenly wanted a large piece of him, but then the failed items of the decay industry accentuated their head and quickly turned into something much more terrible. Yes, the film is very funny, in fact some of the scenes are silly funny, but it's the satirical edge of the film that raises it above ordinary me. Technology contradictions are a key issue here, do we want inventions that will save us our fortunes while closing the industry ?, you just have to see what happened to the coal industry in Britain in order to know what it is about. A decade of film has been made a key thing to keep in mind, the creation of nuclear weapons has become more than mere rumors, science has advanced to a daunting new scale. Watching this movie and seeing a quick turn of events for the main protagonist Stanley, from a hero to an enemy in an indecent rift, a victim of his own search for better humanity !, it's so dark that the movie should be called Man in Black Suits. Honestly, I can not find anything wrong with this film, the scenario by Roger MacDougall, John Dighton and director Alec Mackendrick could be recorded today and it would not be unpleasant that it is the sharpness and thought of the mind he has. The sound and tuning are incredible, the direction is flawless, Mackendrick cautiously shook the tonal shift. Some of the scenes are just wonderful, especially those that drag their hearts and lead us to think of a certain scene in David Linch's Elephant Man some 29 years later, and yet after this slowing down the event, the movie continues to run as the genius of Alec Guinness finishes film so that viewers will not only look at the future of Stanley, but the rest of us in this fast-moving world. Timeless masterpiece, thematic and as an artwork, 10/10.
