In my opinion, the best of Ealing comedy and one of my favorite films of all time. Тема работнички в. Management (with many talk about trade unions and rights) may now decide now a bit now, as it is no longer an issue that has been discussed so much, but this does not prevent the White Clothes from becoming the classic offender Zaplet, about a man trying to create a revolutionary new fabric that ends with the overturning of the textile industry, it does not sound exciting when it is recorded, but the film retains this essential spark of fantasy with the reality that marks it as a true Ealing comedy. The fabric refuses dirt and can never be wasted! The titular white suit that Alec Guinness wears in the second half becomes the focal point for several iconic images and sequences, as Guinness was able to use his indestructible thread to shorten the ordinary wall! The script itself is full of dry minds - "Is it good?" "Yes." "A pity." - and characterization is the first rate. I'm always stunned by the wonderful direction in these films. The comedies of the later epochs would adopt "direct the camera to the actors and let it rotate" the mentality, but Ealing films always tried interesting lighting and angles and innovations. This film is no exception. Naturally, it is a gypsum that raises material up to high altitude. Alec Guinness gives a fantastic underestimated performance, with eyes transmitted by miracle, joy and defeat whenever the need arises. Stratton is a man who does not think of anything but his business. Such an island character could rapidly become boring or irritating, but Guinness seemed to him to be sympathetic, so that the final stages of the film generate a real sense of urgency while Stratton is trying to come to the top in a world that wants to bury everything he wants for whom he worked. Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles and it's absolutely a pleasure to watch as usual, as confused Cecil Parker and slim Michael Gough; Everyone laughs and does not try. A comical British understatement at its best. "The Man in a White Suit" is 81 minutes of pure shine, with great plot, great acting, great wit and healthy holes of cynicism. Absolutely superior.
