One of the things that makes this Ealing comedy so unusually funny is smart editing. The videos that would be considered absolutely necessary for most modern comedies are deliberately omitted. (This is what is known as British underestimation.) Three cases: The comic fight is regulated this way. Alec Guiness invented a new fabric that will destroy the industry. Half a dozen businessmen call him in his office to try to persuade him to sign an agreement to give up control of the fabric so that production can be suppressed. When he caught up for this, Guiness got up and turned to go to the door. The two block his way. "Excuse me," he says quietly, a step ahead. Two men move between Guinness and the camera. Cut. The secretary is sitting in front of her desk. It's silence as long as the buzz does not start to signal. She takes her notebook and opens the door to the inside office where the big noisy Donnibrook is in progress, and the room is half-destroyed. Ginis opens the door open. The following example would be unthinkable today. During the research phase of its invention, Ginis sets a complex chemical apparatus, but instead of transforming the experimental liquid into a new cloth, the device explodes. Again and again explodes. The laboratory is cleared of all other jobs. Explosions are continuing. Ceilings fall. The windows were fired. The research director sits at his desk in a small office, wrapped in debris, a turn on his head. When the door behind him is opened, he jumps in the air. "Sit down," he tells his visitor, "one more is expected at any moment." It's unusual fun - and there is no single explosion shot. Now it would have been unthinkable without a fireball, and perhaps a collapsing building slowing down. The last example, which consists of a series of fast, irresistible cuts, assembled precisely. People who are in favor of signing a contract are attracted to Guiness. Confronted with two men who will get caught up with him, Guiness keeps an eye on it. She's hitting an iron-busted stand. Bista turns back and hits the wall. There is a clip that lasts about one second from the bang that hits the wall. Another short metal metal shield hung over a bust that was loose and falling. He quickly climbs up to the Guinness head that rises in the frame. Cross the two men who stare in the camera while the horrible brass and the sound of the sounds are heard outside the screen. Cut to Guiness's flat on the back. No one today would have a chogone to show that Guiness was crowned with that shield. I will not proceed with this. It's ok comedy, but pretty bitter under all joy. In solving a number of problems, Ginis created dozens of others. He is also opposed to leadership and workers, none of which has shown a great advantage. And of course, economic implications have to do with more than the fabric. "What about the car that works on it with little or something?" one of the workers asks. "It's interesting," comments the other worker, while Thorstein Weblen nodded in the grave. What would happen to solve our energy problems overnight? If I had shares in Econa - and I think I was - I would have trembled with that thought. Where would the oil industry be if there was no longer any need for oil? Regarding this, where would the police and the FBI be if the crime suddenly disappeared? This is a thoughtful and very entertaining film, top-notch directed and edited. The list of performers is unmatched. Joanne Greenwood with that rough voice. Blistering Cecil Parker. The mushrooming was mummified by Ernest Thesiger. First-rate work everywhere.
