A MAN IN A WHITE SUCH, as I am ALL RIGHT HORSE, has a dim view of work and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but eccentric (he never got a university degree because of ... a mistake ... an accident at a lab in college). It succeeds in engaging in various industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the film starts, he is at Michael Gough's company, and Gough (in an unforgettable moment) tries to impress his future candle (Cecil Parker) by showing him the firm in the shape of the ship he is leading. While lunch with Parker and daughter Parker (Joan Greenwood), Gough gets a message about some of the problems surrounding unexpectedly large budget problems in the lab. He reads huge expenses (due to Guinness Experiments) and is stung to his coffee. . Greenwood has discovered what Guinness is doing and assures Parker to continue the experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistant obviously figured out how to make an artificial fiber that could continually change the electronic links within its molecular structure so that (for all intentions and purpose) the fiber will remain in the tactic for good. Any textile made from it will never fade, rub, or wear out - it will last forever. He sees Guinness selling himself to the rich. But when he explained to them what he did, they turned against him. If everyone has clothes that will last forever, then they will not need new clothes! Soon Parker's textile tycoons (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - in a beautiful performance and Howard Marion-Cravford) are equally affected by the fear of what can end their business. They are trying to suppress the invention. With only Greenwood in his corner (although Parker somehow sympathized with him), Guinness is trying to get news of his discovery for the public. In the end, Guinness is defeated by science and greed. . But he ends the film by seeing an error in his calculations, and we presume he will one day still discover his discovery. But is the argument for suppression valid? At one point, there are difficulties in making textiles (you need to warm up at a high temperature to actually allow the ends of the material to be united. There is nothing to show that the fabric will stretch if the owner becomes fat (or Do we need to believe that People just wanted a set of clothes forever? What happened to fashionable changes and new styles? And the fabric was made only in white (which seems to be white in Guinness) We are told that the color of the dye must be added earlier in the process, Did it have an effect on the chemistry? reactions that maintain the texture structure - scientific work, but a film about the hypocrisy of labor and capital in the modern industry. It's so brilliant.
