Includes * spoiler * - also, my quotes may not be accurate. Everyone always notes satire in social comments and economic parallels - how true it is. But for me, I see this film much more than that. I love the symbolism of this type in a shiny white suit. There is so much confusion and dirt in the world around him, but he will not keep it. Alec Guiness was the perfect guy for this - his boyfriend's smile and eternal curiosity are so appropriate: "It's genius - can you tell me, what is the ratio of ink and gasoline?" The only moment of defeat was when he realized that his invention did not work at all - standing almost naked. However, more than a shame is simply a disappointment that "failed." People never scare him. Remember, "But Sidney, and we want to stop him." Barely a moment of hesitation before trying to escape. Does it show any sign of pain that such a betrayal must have caused? Not. Dapne's role is also significant. She is sick and tired of money and power. She thinks she finally found love outside her father's company. At first, she did not care more about Sydney than anyone else. But the moment when she comes off the car, she returns to see if she may have killed her - yet she still thinks about the beauty of her invention. She finally found something she thinks is worth living. Interestingly, it's not even romantic. It is a friendship, but such a transient nature that the title almost certainly does not fit. It's more admiration, and maybe even inspiration. After the discovery that Michael has no true love for her, and that her father is completely incapable of taking care of her, she turns into cynicism and tries to attract Sidney. Fortunately, she finds that in this world there really are people who live more than power, money and lust. What a refreshment: "Thank you Sidney. If you said" yes "I think I would strangle you." I love the end when it seems that all this crazy job came to nothing. But then, the bubbles, the kuirki butter begins and Sydney leaves, his step corresponds to the tune: fearless. Where is Daphne? We really do not know - but they were not really in love and she was not a scientist. He got help to run away and got a "bullet in the hand of hope." (Pollianna) A continuous relationship would be good, but as Billy Joel says "it's more than I hoped ..." <br />
