"Deliverance" is a dead-end example of what great films came out of the seventies. While your jaw is released during the "Terminator" movie, are you really glowing? I do not think so, because you are here to see what new CGIs are together - planning things is not. Many everyday situations can become scary for no reason, as there are many people involved in everyday life - like a trip to the marketplace ... or walking through the illuminated street. "Liberation" is so scary because these innocent actions can become deadly in the heart. Entering backvoids is a party at a party? Anyone who has this idea does not read the newspaper, does not watch the daily news, nor sees some other films that show the seriousness of the "obstruction of possession" in the territory where the outsiders are not welcome. It is almost unbelievable that the Deliverance pre-notification did not inform almost everyone who would see it not as a picnic, and "a pig like a pig" was not part of the "Deulling Banjos". I hate the term "hillbillies" because - as some "users" have written - it humiliates entire regions of people who are very pleased to live as they know - without mixing up modern life. Much is made of "inbred" - it's not sexuality inherent in the back. The "Chinese Quarter" should teach us this lesson. Still, city slickers are extremely stupid to enter a closed society and give them a stance. I know many "hills" - they are moral people, when they are left to themselves. Their "justice" can be brutal when it feels threatened or humiliated, just like "justice" on city streets. They do not need any part of the city - the city should take its canoe-camping and camping in legal locations. I hope to be wrong. He was grossly underpaid for Midnight Covboi because he was unknown, but he showed that he could do it on the hat's hat. His acting in Deliverance was great. This gave us a clear demonstration that ordinary people can move mountains, if necessary - but who wants to be considered "ordinary" today? His muffled lunch on the evening was great. Wow! for Burt Reinolds !!! One should ask what brought him into those other films? His masculinity, though in error, sets in this film a pace of endurance needed to get out of the wilderness - not only in the depths, but in the wilderness of everyday life. Ned Beatty was a star - his underwear may have had "Versace" sewn on it, but his shocking performance was perfect. As stated, he became stronger than any group until the end of the film. Ronnie Cock played a moral man to the handle - every man should have his determination to do what is right. Several "users" theorized that he was killed or lost his balance when he entered the river - my theory was that he was so appalled by the entire journey, that he committed suicide. No shots were heard during the scene, and Voight and Beatty did not find the wound. acting, he came to the set every day drunk. His character could see that the three canoes were guilty of survival, but they also knew they had no chance against the jury of local people, no matter how kind they were to Auntry. He was also aware that the crime of the local population could be cruel. Pravda? - "Do not come back here again." There were not many "users" in the movie who knew "hills", where it was ever possible - what would the actors be able to better show them? "Planinarians" were actually mountaineers ....... Every detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play. It's better to "fight for your life" in. I have experienced some almost dangerous incidents, and I am satisfied with my life out of the fighting - you guys who feel that your frenzy is frustrating can have my part. If we absolutely killed - and continue to work - irreplaceable areas of this country in an undefeated situation. Being able to see her size on any medium is enchanting, but leaves a bitter taste to realize that some do not care. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it is built right to wildlife territory, and firmly believes that people come before animals. These are their real habitats - we should leave them alone. I wonder why coyotes and bears and wolves are wandering in the neighborhood? They are theirs. In a less dangerous way, we all need to experience lessons to learn from "liberation" - in order to understand our progress does not lead to technological innovation. I thank all the city slickers who went out into the wild to produce this modern classic, so it can scare me when I watch it. You can have excitement from danger - I'll hold TV. 30-out-of-10.
