The release is a film about John Boorman's horror / thriller from 1972 on a group of four businessmen in Atlanta (Burt Reinolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatti, and Ronnie Cock) who take a canoe along the Cahulavassee River before the river is clogged. By the way, people (men) have an abortion (without deliberate games) of unpleasant things. In spite of the nasty events in this image, Boorman beautifully captures the natural beauty of the river. The location is really well chosen. Indeed, this would still be a very good movie to watch, that the canoe journey was smooth. Lush forests and mild landscapes just make the horror horror. Not only is the location picturesque, but also nicely captured thanks to the cameraman Vilmos Zsigmond. It is said that the appearance of Burt Reinolds as an open-minded person, Levis, is an actor's role in this film. I think, however, that Jon Voight steals the show as a suburban family man, Ed, who is quickly forced to change his behavior to survive. In fact, the scene in which the rock climb was not a stuntman. It was Voight. To reduce costs, recording was not secured, and the actors themselves made stunts. Soundtrack is especially worth the attention. The appearance of Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel on the guitar and band as part of the Dueling Banjos series remains one of the brightest soundtracks in the history of cinema due to the pure intensity of its performance. At several other points in the film, we are treated with more, softer, bandwagon music that provides a very pleasant escort for the journey down the river. For all the good sides of this film, I found it a bit inadequate. . It does not build uncertainty very well and it's not as creepy as we've been told to believe. The plot itself is a bit poor and it does not go anywhere. However, this film has enough good points for my recommendation. I liked it, but there is not much to the lovers of the mountains. In fact, nobody is. It's not that horror movie as an adventurous movie that turns around a little. Think of it as Rambling: The first blood meets three men in the boat. Watch out for a very young Charlee Boorman as Ed's son. This movie I liked, soundtrack, cinema and acting earned deserved 7 out of 10.
