"Is everything on you, Ed?" "Now you can play the game." The day my father left my mother, he led me to watch this movie with my new girlfriend, on the opening day at Cinerama Dome in Hollywood. I was fourteen. I was not even quite sure what I see, but I will never forget, especially the scene with Ned Beattie. Looking at it today, thirty-six years later, it still gives me flicker. My father was a big fan of Burt Reinolds, and he was standing in line for almost an hour to watch what should be an 'action movie'. Before that, I saw two films at the Cupola: "Grand Prix" and "Norwegian Song". Well, that was not exactly Mario Andretti or Brady Bunch. After I left the theater, I was shocked with the school. But even in that gentle age, I appreciated the artwork ... and after I saw it again today, I am surprised that I was still standing after witnessing this disturbing but extremely well-made film. Suffice it to say that it was a traumatic experience for a 14-year-old girl who has not yet kissed her first girlfriend. I do not blame my father for receiving me, but there was little for the child. As an adult, I am still quite disturbing, but I am still very impressed with the quality of the film. Burt Reinolds as an absolute wonder, as well as all the principles ... from Billy Redden as an inverted guitar wonders, to Ronnie Cox as a frightened insurance seller ... everyone is doing a wonderful job. The sound quality is unrivaled, from birds that bend to the clock that typed. Photography, cinema ... all the technical aspects of this extraordinary movie are the first. Raised moral issues, from the killing of sexual abusers to the consequences of coping with the killing of human beings, remain as it is today, as was the case when this revolutionary film was released. And the classic sequences of attempts to survive in the wild after facing such an unpredicted brutality are life's changes. These four people, urban people, suddenly faced with a situation they never imagined, raise the bar from action to horror. It is a classic to be sure. And the phrase "you have a beautiful mouth" quoted is endless, from Saturdai Night Live to off-the-cuff comments about water-cooler at work, this film is undoubtedly a big part of our social pop culture ... no matter how "Make it mine day "or" I'll be back ". So, what would you do if you found that your friends were sexually abused by mountain people away from your life in the city, comfortable bed, women and children? If you took the measures that Burt Reinolds did (and I would do the same), would you bury the body below what will soon be on the lake, or will you be judged and use your chances? The conclusion is: Deliverance brings. You can take it to the bank. If this film does not fall under your skin, then you are not a human being. Even if you've already seen this, rent it again and ask yourself up. My favorite part of the film remains the same: Ed did not manage to kill deer ... and then changed. Life and its unpredictable circumstance can change a man. I guess that's what this film is all about Jon Voight, especially as Ed, which gives here the best performance here. And he is still one of the talented actors in Hollywood history, from midnight cowboy to his extremely underrated performances such as Franklin D. Roosevelt in Pearl Harbor, and his acting raises the film to a different level. Climbing the walls in the dusk, scared and determined to make it right must be seen to be believed. I guarantee that your heart beats will be raised to a new level. Briskly stepped, tense, taut and firmly drawn like a banjo, this is a morale game that asks questions that remain today. Times have changed, but our choices as human beings do not have. Ten of ten stars.
