When your film is shocking with a disturbing, dark atmosphere, and you grabbed your throat with your amazing cinema, you just know that you came across a delicacy, a masterpiece of the movie. Although with most modern movies, which are extremely pleasant, like some, those who really shock you in the focus are the strongest, and they are the most critical and are mostly held by you for life. I am proud to say that I am a fan of films that interfere with not only horror films, but also those who send you a vibrant crowd. Films like Breakdown and The Missing, who send the cold on your spine, making you think "holy shit, what could happen to me", and visually imprison you, are up against some of my favorite aspects in the movie. Since I'm only 21 years old, I have not grown up with actors such as Burt Reniolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatti, although I'm familiar with them, I did not watch them grow and continue as actors, unlike actors now like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I must say, after a long hybrid and Deliverance testimony for the first time, I was so admired by these veteran actors in a movie made more than 30 years ago, and still live in terror in the competition of modern films. Burt Reniolds plays Levis, a swing self-proclaimed leader of a group of four friends on canoe down a fictitious river before the dam is made, filling the entire wilderness with water. Reniold's character is an experienced adventurer, somehow nonsense and filled with machismo. The testimony that he showed a stubborn guy made me think differently about him as an actor, because I saw him only as a disgusting old man or an angry politician. The dialogue that the director predicts for his character gives him enough malice to prove himself as a powerful, even frightening leader. Ronnie Cock and Ned Beatty play as newcomers adventurers, Drev and Bob, joining a fun canoe trip. The actor I enjoyed watching was Jon Voight, I once saw him only as an older actor, but, unlike Reniolds, I really liked Voight's acting (and I'm not looking at Anaconda when I say it), for example films about national goods. Voight plays Ed, whom, like Levis, experiences in the adventure, but is seen as a reserved character, an unwilling hero / leader and definitely lacks Levis' machismo. The film basically opens with four people driving to a small city, asking them to find someone to drive their cars to the bottom of the river as they ride rapids and camp along the river bank. Immediately you get a ghastly vibe of the characters that are presented to us, such as an imbred kid playing the infamous "Dueling Banjo" at the beginning of a movie with the character of Ronnie Cox Drev; and even more, two mountain men in films are a key and disturbing scene of rape. As with all atmospheric films, from this moment, fear and confusion fill characters and the audience, and here we see that characters shape and change the shape. The next canoe trip is professionally fired and from here men fight against human and natural chances of survival. Film cinema does not give up, and I comment on it with a scene in which Ed fights with one of the rapists of mountain men with a composite bow. As Ed descends on one of his arrows and notices that his enemy is approaching, he whips his rifle just to shoot at the floor as he fell with a shot in his neck; it was possible to make the biggest filming I saw in the movie. In the end, Deliverance is a film whose fear and atmosphere are reaching the mood and remains to this day one of the best films in film history.
