This is one of the biggest films ever made. It's a classic classic. The character played by Ned Beatty goes through one of the biggest transformations on the screen ever displayed. He's a shallow, almost useless insurance dealer. He is proud of his ignorance, and yet he estimates that "back strains" are uninformed. When he compliments the old man on his hat, and the old man answers, "you do not know anything," "the tone is set up." The truth is, he really does not know "nothing." But one anal rape later, a man is practically a warrior. His shallow false courage is relieved of a serious determination. The old self is forever dead, left in some distant forests, will soon be under hundreds of meters of water. And what about Levis, our fearless guide? Levis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he's just crazy. Burt Reinolds proved himself to be an actor in 1972 in this film, completely abandoning this wonderful role. Who would not want to have a friend like Levis if he went into the danger of a forgotten / soon-to-be left behind a world like that of our unfortunate travelers. This film speaks to us at so many levels. The story feels real. It acts as a complete action / adventure, with great cinema and deliberate, abrasive pace. He works as a horror film, with the dangers and almost surrealism of meeting with the evil peasant who objectify their "sow" Ned Beatti. But it also functions as an artistic film, using incredible amounts of symbolism to convey the truths that go into our essence. I've seen this movie at least fifty times, and every time it comes, I have to watch it. You have to pay attention to it a few times so you can even begin to understand it. This is a deep movie. This is a good acting movie. And this is one hellish story. I gave her 10 out of 10, and put it in all the top 10 films ever made, along with Schindler's list, Casablanca, taxi driver, and Sling Blade, among others. Movies that make you think. Movies that lead you beyond thinking. Movies that use PREVIOUS to express their opinions without trying to preach to you. If you think you know Oslobodjenje, you might, but again, may not. That's really good.
