The release is a stunning thriller, just as exciting as any good thriller that should be, but also a stomach-terrifyingly terrifying. Although it's not a horror movie, it's just as scary as any classic horror movie. The very idea of ​​being a normal red-haired man who enjoys adventurous miles on weekends of any kind of civilization, just to be caught and sodomized by several violent hills, is certainly the worst nightmare 99.9% of the world's population. It would be easy for the liberation to fall into the exploitative territory, but John Boorman cleverly avoided the temptation to descend down the path that he made and made a film that explores, questions and questions the meaning of masculinity. With so many movies, you go away looking for paradise to enter the hero's shoes, perform heroic deeds and save the day and get a girl ... but with the liberation, you leave pray to God that you will never ever have to experience through what these four protagonists pass. Four City Boys - Ed (Jon Voight), Levis (Burt Reinolds), Drev (Ronnie Cock) and Bobbi (Ned Beatti) - enter the wilderness to spend a few days to descend down the river that will soon to be captured. Guys ride rapids in pairs, and Ed and Bobbi inadvertently distanced themselves from others so they are attracted to the shore and waiting for their friends in the neighboring forest. Here, they are decaying from two local foresters (Bill McKinnei and Herbert Covard), who link Eda to the tree, while one of them is thrown and raped by Bobbie, who is terrified by him that "sneaking like a pig." Levis and Drev arrive invisibly, and Levis, as a real archer, kills the rapist, while the other hilly ones are typing a busy retreat in the forest. Under great emotional stress, four canoeists decide to conceal the event and leave the area. But they consider the rivers to be more dangerous for negotiation while traveling downstream, and the risk to their lives increases when surviving hills return to shoot at them with their rifle from an uninvited gazebo in rocky cliffs by the river. Liberation is very powerful as a survival story, but even more powerful (and disturbing) as studying the cat's attitude that tears and leaves in humble handles. Although all performances are remarkable, Beattie's efforts in the role that many actors would refuse should pay particular attention to. The film is thematically similar to the film from 1971. Strav Dogs - both films deal with terrifying sexual violence in isolated locations, and in both cases the violent revenge caused by the victim does not result in any sense of satisfaction. The background of the rugged area in Deliverance is great for watching, but it also contributes to the tension by placing four canoeists in an environment where they are at the mercy of hills and landscapes, and no one can rely on themselves except on themselves. This is really tense recording in the best way.
