You could run a version of Charles Dickens "A Christmas Carol" with stockings and probably will watch her. Ever since childhood, this is one of my favorite stories. Perhaps the idea is that there is good in everyone, and therefore no one is outside of redemption, I like it, but for any reason I never miss the opportunity to watch one of the many screen adaptations of this timeless classic when they are on TV such as are inevitable at this time of the year. What makes this version a true is the dark gravity that actors bring into their roles. The lines we've heard dozens of times in the past take on a completely new intensity, and each character becomes more realistic and convincing in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. George C. Scott was nominated for Emma in 1985 for this role. It is for his eternal merit that instead of walking in the dream through this often portrayed role of Scrooge, he gave a new interpretation which, in my opinion, was one of his best performances ever. He wisely did not try British accent, but delivered his lines in that famous pebble voice. His Scrooge is not just a whimpering old man (as he often describes), but a man who has a deep rage in the world. Since each of the three ghosts visits him, we understand that this anger is rooted, grown and eventually strangled by his soul. As he is forced to reassess his life, we see him alternately softening, and then we are returning to an unpredictable stubbornness. And in a great dramatic scene, when he, kneeling and crying on his own grave, begging for mercy while trying to convince the third spirit of his repentance and the desire to change his life, we see a man who is completely broken and brought into a literal and figurative way. Scott made Scrooge an extremely convincing and painful man. Impressive as Scottish performance, the ensemble of supporting actors greatly contributes to the dark beauty of this version. Fred Holivell, Scrooge's nephew, is an excellent example of this. He is often portrayed as a kindly spider, played by Roger Rees with the emotional intensity missing in earlier appearances. When asked Scrooge, "I'm not asking anything about you. I do not want anything from you. Why can not we be friends?" We see on his face not only his frustration, but also the pain of Scrooge's self-destructing separation from his only one. live cousin. It's a moving version and one of the most dramatic scenes of the film. It's even more magnificent performance by the beautiful English actor Frank Finlay as Scrooge's late partner, Jacoba Marleia. In most versions of this story, the Marley scene tends to be a little low point in the movie, simply because it's hard to show the dead man convincingly, and the results are usually just stupid (oh, look, that's Scari Ghost .... ... no!) In this version, this is perhaps the most serious scene in the whole movie. Marley's entry, while the locks on Scrooge's doors are open-air, and the sounds of the chains rattling with the jet throughout the house is miraculously creepy. But Finley's Marlee is not an ethereal spirit. He is a tortured soul, who inspires both horror and pity. Marlei is perhaps a ghost, but his anger and regret for his lost life in search of wealth, and his despair when he realized that his sins are now more than correction, are still very human. As Finlay has shown, we have no problem believing that even the creamy Scrooge will be shaken by this dark phenomenon. Finlay really steals that scene, something that is not easy to do when you oppose George C. Scott. And it just goes on and continues, an extraordinary performance for others, making it look like you. for the first time you are experiencing this story. Edward Voodwood (remember him from the Ecuadorian?) He is at will and cheerful and terrible like the Ghost of Christmas Present. When it delivers the famous line, "it may be that you are more worthless in the heavenly and less able to live from the Millions as a child of this poor man," he no longer cheered on the surrogate of Santa Claus, but rather an angel avenger who Susannah York is a wonderful support by Mrs. Cratchit, and David Warner brings the magnificent depth of long-time Bob Cratchit, a man who goes through life carrying triple crosses. poverty, a sick child, and an unbearable boss. His face alternately shows his cheerful courage, and sometimes tiredness, against unbearable circumstances. Later, in the scene where Scrooge is portrayed by the Ghost of Christmas but the Cratchit family comes after the death of Tina Tim, Varner's performance, while barely pronounced the word, will move you to tears.
