After seeing Deliverance, movies like Pulp Fiction do not look so extreme. Perhaps according to today's standards of blood and bullets it does not look so nervous, but if you think it was in 1972 and that the movie has a truly evil core then it makes you think differently. When I started watching this movie, nothing seemed unusual until I came to the scene "Dueling Banjos". In this scene, the brutality and edges of this film are truly visible. As I watched Drew (Ronnie Cock, Robocop) head his head with a seemingly retarded boy, it really shows how these movies can be obtained. When you think that the kid has a small band, which he probably could have done manually, compared to the expensive beautiful expensive guitar, you really understand how many of their men are from their territory. How goes the plot, it's very persuasive and never stretches beyond its limits. But what really distinguishes this film, about four businessmen who get more than they wanted on a canoe trip, is that director John Boorman (Ecalibur) breaks up all the characters away from simple caricatures or stereotypes. As the film is in full horror and uncertainty, I really care for all four men and what will happen to them. The performance is universally excellent. With Jon Voight (Midnight Covboi, Enemi of the State) and Burt Reinolds (Boogie Nights, Striptease) are leading big cast. Jon Voight is probably the hardest thing in this movie, and that is that his transformation from a family man into a warrior is very convincing. Unlike Reynolds whose character is a warrior from the beginning, the character of Voight is transformed during the film. Ned Beatti is also good in an extremely difficult role, coming to rape by peasants, while Ronnie Cock turns into a convincing performance. One thing that really made these movies powerful for me is that the villains were terrifying as I've ever seen. Bill Mckinnei and Herbert "Covboi" Covard were great and utterly terrifying like the hilly ones. Comprehensive release was great and I suggest it to everyone, except for people with weak stomach and children. 10/10. Watch this movie.
