In what is undoubtedly the best open-air adventure film of all time, four city men face the wrath of nature, in the story of survival. The environment is the fork of Georgia, with its forests, mountains and wild rivers. Director, John Boorman, decided to use local people, not actors, to portray secondary characters. These locals interweave the film's depth of characterization in film history. No central "actor" could approach the extraordinary faces, voices or actions of these people. I do not remember a movie in which secondary characters are so realistic and colorful. Just like anything else, this lasting realism makes this film so startling. Another strength is the theme of the film. Nature, in the wild, can be violent. How convenient is the environment to be the US South. Very few places in the United States are, or were, violent as a redneck country. In the story of the Darwinist survival of the most capable, the film transmits the idea that people are a part of nature, not separated from it. The "release" is largely the product of his time when, unlike today, Americans have expressed concern about the disappearance of the wilderness. The magnificent scene of the film, the sounds of birds, frogs, crickets and the noise of river rapids, combined with the absence of civilization, all carry the message of the environment. And this is another power of the film. At level of fun, tension gradually escalates, as the action takes place. Even halfway to the film, the tension does not become extreme, and then never withdraws, and not until the final points appear. Very few movies can withstand that level of intensity over such a long range of action. Finally, the technical quality of the film is superb. Direction and editing are flawless. Cinema is great. The dialogue is interesting. And the acting is brilliant. Burt Reinolds was never better. Ned Beatti is perfectly thrown and works well. And Jon Voight was supposed to be nominated for an Oscar. If there is a weak link in a movie, it's music, which seems to me scary. All in all, "Deliverance" will almost certainly attract viewers who love the adventure in the open. Even for those who do not, characteristic features, acting and action are enough reasons to watch this movie, one of the best in the history of the film.
