"Liberation" is a brilliant thick epic about a group of modern-day men who embark on a canoe trip to get acquainted with nature shortly, and instead have to fight for their common sense, their lives, and even their souls. The film is aging well. In spite of being made in the early seventies, it certainly does not look particularly dated. It still has visceral stroke and iconic status as a dramatic post "Death of the 60s" of philosophical and cultural shock. There are very few films with similar terms that can be compared to it, although Sam Peckinpah's legendary material would have to be up there. Yes, there has been considerable debate and discussion on najupečatljivijoj scene of the film (which I will not expand here) - and undoubtedly one of the most exposed scenes in the history of cinematographic media - but what surprises about this film is how it's nice and beautiful weather. It seems that this is generally neglected (but in the retrospective it is quite understandable). The cinematography that portrays the essence disappeared, fragile river wildlife often is absolutely stunning, and it balances the movie because, at the time of a short madness, we viewers - along with the characters - we were immersed in a relentless nightmare. 'The story of liberation is appropriately skinny and tough, and it is surprising how fast the events take place from the establishment point to the crisis and the consequences. Everything takes place very quickly, giving the film a sense of real urgency. The setting is established effectively through initial loans. All the characters are well drawn in spite of the limited time spent on the story. We know enough about them to know them about the kind of people they are, like them, and eventually they are afraid of them when everything goes to hell. Conflict and violence in the film seem to emerge from nothing, with a scary lack of logic. This is the theme of the author James Dickeia - that every prevailing romanticism about the nature of man perceived inherent 'goodness' can only die and die when his barely suppressed animal instincts come to the fore. There is no demon or god here. Predatory hilly - as the central villains of the film - are just rough, scary amorous relatives of our protagonists. They shock because their evil is tiny and tangible. The film has no peripheral characters. Everything reflects something about the weaknesses and uncertainties of the urbanized Homo Sapiens in the second half of the 20th century, all of which are very real and recognizable. Burt Reinolds is admired in this film as gung-ho and almost fatally overly self-confident Survivalist, Levis, and it is a shame to think that he really could not regain his short moment of dramatic glory through the rest of his still spattering. -a-down career ('Boogie Nights' is off, maybe). Believe me, if you are not a fan of Reinolds, you will be impressed by its performance here. John Voight is his usual effortless, and Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cock make a significant contribution. This is simply a big quartet of actors. To conclude, I have to speculate on whether and when will Deliverance be published by James Dickei, the White Sea. For those who enjoy (?) In this film, TTVS is similar to the terrible story of fighting pilots of the US Air Force for survival after being shot down over the Japanese mainland during World War II. It is more typical gloomy existentialism and pristine savagery that Dickee's trademark, but has all what is truly spectacular, poetic and cinematic experience. A few years ago there was a suggestion that Coen's brothers might produce it, but it did not bring anything in the end. Being passionate Coen-o-phile disappoints me to think about what it might be that they get the green light to TTVS rather than on their last pair of relatively unrecognized effort. Returning to 'liberation', it's impossible to imagine a film of such a sincere, nervous brutality that is being made in these times, which is quite embarrassing. We, the cinema, are poor for this.
