How can you summarize exactly how you feel good and right and touch this movie? For a few weeks, this DVD jumped from the shelf at me every time I went to the store - I saw Steve Carrell in several films before, I did not want to blur him - so I resisted and resisted, finally I grabbed him with ' What the hell!' stav! And how surprised I was! I wish I had bought it earlier. Looking at him three times in two days, I still laugh at how a widower who struggles with three daughters appears, yearning for what he misses after his beloved wife's death, which in this way meets with an intriguing woman who charms deep and interesting ( I dare say the book?) way, throws a completely different light on life, making it realize that what he asked for. The knot of this woman who is his brother's girlfriend complicates things-which comically show the Day comically and with sincere grief, seeing how his "special" brings such entertainment and enjoyment to the family home as well as the lives of his brothers . You really start to feel for him. Then when is the date of the blind with Ruthie Draper - it's a milestone in Mary's assessment of DEN !! A look that gives it when he repeats his comment, that he does not like Ruthie - purely Green-Eied Monster! They run an absolutely hilarious scene while two pairs compete on the dance floor! This sequence is one of the most perfect until Dan starts to relax in relation to Marie. Other swallow scenes - The day comes back from the Books and Shop, confronted with his brothers, I begin to describe what just happened ... when Dan's face falls with a sharp breath! His youngest daughter Lilly makes the present celebrating her love for Suzanne, his late wife, brings a little hearty warmth and a little swallowing while Dan understands exactly what he lost in his life. When Dan plays guitar and sings on Talent Shov .... his voice shot slowly as he repeated the song. ... an absolute gem! Accepting what is happening late in the film by his daughter ... all three loving his father and wanting to see him happy, will not let him deny his love for Mary; Dan's despair is not to turn out his daughter because he is their rock, their stronghold ... and tell him much more than that in just a few words. I could go on and on, but I will leave it for now - maybe you come back and add more comments here in the near future ... but I'll finish by saying ... < If you want to watch a movie, it's just so damn good, with comedy revelations to light up a drama that never feels compulsive or rude, which comes as a real portrait of a man who reveals a new life - not only with a woman, but with your extended family, then do not look for further. DAY IN A REAL LIFE - 9 out of 10 for such a well-accomplished cinematographic experience with Sondra Lerche's scorecard, which takes you there intimately until you're always intrusive, with the fine performances of the ensemble. I can not wait to see this again !!
