This story is told and convinced and continues to be persuaded in every possible way to imagine. The immortal story of Charles Dicken was re-designed in every possible way. I admit I did not see the classic Alistair Sim version and I'm sure I'll be one day, but it would delight me if I touched even this incredible version of the eighties. I believe that if Dickens created my own story for a movie, that would be it. The story is well known, I will not go into detail, because everyone saw it in some form. The rich, miserly, evil, old man visits the Spirit of his former partner and warns of his evil ways. To compensate for it, three minds visit him, each showing a different perspective on his life and the people he is connected to, the past, the present and the future. Finally, seeing everything in front of him, he takes the error of his own way in a great way and tries to avenge himself of all the mistakes he has made. George C. Scott is absolutely, undeniably perfect for this role. He assumes the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and makes him his own and creates an incredible character. He is not only an evil old man, but someone who has been affected by certain situations in his life that made him bitter and angry at the world. There is compassion within him, but he keeps him under everything else and is very confident. Scott brings a perfection role when it comes to Scrooge. Not only does the main role make this film, but everything else fits into place. This is a great epic from Victorian England, Dickens England has been re-created in front of our eyes, sights and sounds, and you can almost feel the breeze in the face and scents of the market. Director Clive Donner greatly recreates this scene and leaves no imagination. I could watch this movie on the mute and be blinded by the landscape. It's not a spectacular landscape, it's real. The film leads us from the market of high-class traders to very poor pitfalls and everything between. The rest of the actors fit into their roles and brings their literary colleagues into life. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Varner and his whole family, including the young Tini Tim who played Anthony Valters, were wonderful. Ghosts had their own special personality and added the dark mood of this story. Christmas singing is not an easy story. Dickens wrote this story for the dark period of life in England and this is one of the few Christmas stories that are really dark, almost scary, and must be daunting to scare a man who was nasty for so many years to turn around. The dark sense of the story is trapped in this movie and it is completely daunting, and yet the end raises your mood and records Christmas wonders. The result of this film is something to be mentioned, because it is epic and great and it's nice to listen to whether it's a real result or Christmas music, it all fits. Apparently, Christmas movies are my favorite because I insist that everyone sees this Christmas Carol over all others. 10/10
