Marie: You're smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I'm Dan. If you are anything like me, the smooth and unique does not go together. You see someone you love, as rare as it can be, and you want to say something, but not. Or maybe you say something, but it ends up as perhaps the least intelligent thing you've ever said in your life. More often than not, you are not looking at the distance and admiring, without having to deal with what is best suited, is the only way to get anywhere in your life? risk. You can not blame a man for being a little scared. Maybe he was burnt out before or maybe trying to focus his energy on his career. There are reasons, some valid, some not, and they can all be interpreted as justification, not as a reason. You say to yourself that you do not need it or is not the right moment for you, but you still want it to happen. In any way, if you fail, it's not easy. Sounds familiar? If you thought that even a little, then DAY IN A REAL LIFE, the new comedy by director Peter Hedges, is an inevitable opportunity. It will reach you within you and somehow you will succeed in breaking and warming your heart at once. to live a balanced, fulfilled and morally elevating life. Four years before the film opened on the Day that woke up to his day, he lost the woman and the love of her life. After this tragedy, Dan was left to raise his three daughters alone. Between this and focusing on his career, re-finding love was not one of Dan's priorities. And so it became more functional than feeling. Removed from the power of intimacy, Dan no longer knows what it means to be so close to someone and reconcile with that he never knows. That is, until she meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a bookstore and a story in Connecticut in a calm morning. They are interactive casual, comfortable and it captures both of them. There is only one problem. She's already seen with someone. Unfortunately for everyone included, that is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His family came to their parents' home on an annual visit, and Dan now has to spend a weekend craving and longing for the short-term feeling he had with María that morning. It only lasted for an hour, but it took only so much time that Dan's heart woke from where. With so many family members involved (Jack Mahonei and Dianne Viest are at the helm), DAY IN A REAL LIFE is moving away from time to time for its greater purpose. While the cyclone of children and parents, aunts and unclees create time for the Day, Hedges unnecessarily uses it as a means of deterring attention, assuming it would eventually make a more complete film. Fortunately, Hedges made Carell bear a heavy burden. It's a pleasure to see how Steve Carell comes into his more and more with every photo he makes (despite the occasional EVAN ALMIGHTI-misstep). He is a charismatic, charming and obviously humorous humorist. Like Dan, he is also confident, inconvenient and frightened. Carell is a rare comedian who tries to find a character in her roles, and does not rely exclusively on her comedic instincts and established personality. Perhaps more importantly, it is completely related to Denom. Whether he descends on a bed in a laundry room where he is sleeping as the only adult at this gathering or is spinning around the kitchen, he is not able to still care, Dan is every guy who is not safe and I feel myself in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much heart that at the same time he becomes the heart of the film itself. I wondered after I saw a movie if I enjoyed it as much as I did, despite its small disadvantages (Juliette Binoche? I know they might like to lighten up a bit, but I do not recommend it , unless there is no chocolate in question), because of where I am in my life. Would anyone who discovered that someone else had the meaning and comfort of this movie? I can not say. What can I say, as someone who knows what it means to be lonely, THE DAY IN A REAL LIFE knows what it means to be surprised by life and love and how those moments and people need to be valued and nurtured. It's also known that anyone who may feel lonely every day or months should remember that surprises are still happening.
