Extremely elusive and miraculously unpretentious exploitation of the 80's, clock! The initial pre-loan sequences somewhat give a false impression that we are dealing with a serious and disturbing drama, but you do not have to be afraid, because only ten minutes later we arrive at our door in absurd battle for chainsaws, rough fights, furious dialogs and gratuitous nudity! Bo and Ingrid are brothers and sisters without parents with an unusually close, even a little distorted attitude. Can you imagine a gentle tossing towel that covers your sister's naked body and then watch for a few minutes in her unshaken genitals? Well, Bo does it for her sister and, judging by her smiling laughter, does not mind her at all. Sick, man! In any case, as children they escaped from Russia with their parents, but the brutal soldiers brutally slaughtered Mom and Dad. Me | However, a friendly smuggler took custody of them and even raised and trained Bo and Ingrid in professional smugglers. When the real plots are lifted, 20 years later, they face their ultimate quest, because the mythical and incredibly valuable White Fire Diamond is accidentally in the mine. Very few things in life have ever made as much sense as the plot and narrative structure of the "White Fire", but it's safe to watch. Most of the time you have no idea who beat somebody or why (and I bet the actors understood even less) but whatever! Violence is magnificently grotesque, and each plot is termed retarded. The scenario is completely worthless when you are suddenly ?? and I will not find out why? Bou needs a replacement for Ingrid, and Fred Villiamson enters the scene with a big cigar in his mouth and dirty black fingers to local prostitutes. Boov's main opponent is Italian big-breasted fish, but a disgusting accent, an absurd but attractive themed poem plays at least ten times through the film, there's a compulsory installation and lots of other attractions! My God, what a great experience. The original French title is translated as "Life to Survive," which is unique because it makes as much sense as the rest of the movie: Nothing!
