What can you say about the film White Fire. Incredibly? Fantastic? Worrying? Hilarious? These words are not big enough to describe the event that is White Fire. From the climactic, distorted beginning to the deep end, this movie will be entertaining. Our film begins in the woods of the country somewhere in the world. The family is hiding from unmarked soldiers in bone uniforms. When your father separates from your mother and their child, you get the real feeling about what kind of movie you will be watching. My father made sure that rolled over the hills in his white suit, and it was nice while attracting the attention of people before he shoots them, but unfortunately, Dad was burned alive in what looks like unattended. In the meantime, mum and children run along the beach with an armed soldier who is about 5 feet behind them. He also gives a stern warning before action in the form of bizarre "HALT-a!" And then immediately lost his mother. This sequence of action sets the happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingred. <Br /> <br /> So now progressing too fast for about 20 years (30 if you are honest about the age of heroes) to beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingredi settled as professional thieves, or searchers for diamonds, or something like that. Ingred works in the diamond mine, which itself deals with goods, while Bo (masterfully played by the dynamic Robert Ginti) traveling on the desert in denim clothes. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They seem to have no other friends, and they spend all the time together. This is related to the fact that Bo expressed a desire to sleep with his sister, as seen in lines such as "you know it's a shame you're my sister," she says while she is completely naked, making a very dynamic twin. Bo was then broken when Ingrid was killed while wandering the beaches of Turkey to its ceremonial pink scarf. Rebuilding hope happens when Will finds a girl who looks like Ingrid, and gives her plastic surgery to look like Ingrid. This opens Bo's door to having sex with her sister without being technically wrong. Bo is a true fan of ethical gray areas, and he is delighted with his new love. So, there are lots of fun action scenes, funny violence, great acting, impossible to follow the lines, Fred "hammer" Villiamson (for some reason), and a large piece of dirty ice that is supposed to be a giant diamond (which explodes later). All these things are great, but Bo and Ingrid's relationship is what makes this movie special ... really special. Therefore, I sincerely encourage everyone to see the majesty of White Fire. You may be glad you did it or not.
