the government he was fighting to recognize his loyalty with a promised and much-needed retirement. Ripstein's lyrical work is sweet to all those who, like a colonel, suffer under the abuse of a cynical and hardened society that is strengthened by denying their citizens the means to live dignifiedly and purposefully. Unlike the absurd VAITING FOR GODOT, the colonel's waiting for the arrival of his pension gives hope and significance to his otherwise miserable life. Two things in the film are being led by a colonel played by Fernando Lujan; Hopes that someday he will receive his military pension and the knowledge that his son, Agustin, died because of a noble goal, for another reason than a drunken faction on a fighting car. Since he was not able to understand that first and forced himself to prove to the world the latter, the Colonel is the only thing he can do, starting his son's training for the battle. The rooster is now a warrior who can bring wealth and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his warring ring is the murderer of his former owner, Agustina. On a tense scenario of conflict between the Colonel and Nogales, his son's killer, the colonel offers Nogales, a paid government agent, enough money to equalize the colonel's full pension. But it's blood money; the money intended to hide the fact that those in power turned their backs on those who fought for their political ideals, and to hide the world that the son of a warrior colonel was killed because he wrote for the underground leaf that favored the right to work unions and an ordinary man. With maximum dignity, the Colonel rejects Nogales's offer, takes over his fighting cock and goes as noble as his old legs can wear. Once at home, Don Lola, his complaining wife, wants to know why the colonel refused money when both of them were starving. In response to her constant question: "What we will eat until November (when the season of fighting in the sand begins)", the colonel replies, "Shit." The excrement is what the poor and disadvantaged eat all their lives, and the feces is a meal that the colonel willingly decides to eat dignified, knowing that he can never sell his soul to those who oppress him. The colonel waits as the only man of honor and courage in the world without principle.
