After I got used to the various seemingly immature movies bought on DVDs for rent, I realized that the right time for a bit of serious drama and who better to provide it than Sam Mendes? For several reasons, "American Beauty" I do not like as much as this film, which is easily the darkest thing Tom Hanks has ever done and probably one of the most necessary films in the last decade. Because this is not a simple gangster story that has been erected from its graphic origin and is simply wonderful for this. And despite my usual allergy to any movie with Tom Hanks's name on it (I still can not watch "Big" without the craving for a cat for a punch), I'm glad to try this because this is one of those movies that you are If You miss, you will wake up. Usually hidden Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, a loyal family man and father of two sons who grew up during a ban in the early 1930s. He is also a professional hit man for mafia boss John Rooney (Paul Nevman), but he managed to keep that job from his sons. But after his oldest (Tiler Hoechlin) witness to his father who was involved in killing the mafia, the couple is forced to flee as John tries to sort things out. Soon, his father and son are being persecuted in Chicago, where a hit man is waiting for him (threatening Jude Leo). At first glance, it looks like a pretty standard gangster movie, but as I said, this is not about gangsters at all. It's about the relationship between father and son thrown together in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks is (* teeth *) awesome as a tortured man who finds out that everything has his price and little Hoechlin is as good as Sullivan's son. To be honest, there is not any performance I could draw as weaker than the others - the actors are fairly flawless. Like cinemas and costumes (and I often do not praise myself for costumes!), Which make the 30s with an amazing effect. There was so much effort to make it right and it paid off. It could easily look like trash - they admit that the look of the early 30's was difficult to put in - but that's not and it deserves every part of the loan. Chicago looks particularly fantastic, with hundreds of carved cars from that era and filled with people in monochrome suits and hats. A true time travel, even if you need a little CGI. The story is also a winner, offering a human face what is often considered a stereotypical genre of a film criminal. The law is surprisingly dangerous as almost mechanical killer Maguire and proves that you do not have to be Cagnei or De Niro or Brando to play a gangster. The film is definitely noir-ish, prevalent rain and poorly lit warehouses, but at least violence and killing (finally) are considered to have an emotional and psychological impact on those who commit and those who just testify of such acts. The whole thing is reminiscent of previous films and previous films, but it removes the old one and refreshes with the modern story of redemption in the midst of the shooting of Tommy-Gun and the racket of extortion. In places you may feel a little slow, especially if you're used to a massive gun game in movies like most modern audiences (like yours), but sometimes words can speak louder than actions. Mendes performed a fine sequel to his debut Oscars, a film that's as intelligent as it's great to watch. "The way to ruin" may not be on everyone's taste, but this is a DVD that I will not soon exchange.
