After being forced out of the house and into the theater by hot heat, I could not be satisfied. The path to ruin, directed by Sam Mendes (American beauty), is destined to become one of the greatest films of all time. Maybe I'm just getting old; Perhaps I just saw the same topics as they are recycling over and over again. But this film is really different. The story opens with young Michael Sullivan Jr. who turns to the sea, thinking of the duality of his father's legacy - one of the best men who ever lived, the most evil. This duality snakes its way through the film. The story revolves around criminal bosses John Rooney (Paul Nevman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), a young man whom Rooney once took and now serves as his personal "Angel of Death". Roonei is bound by blood for his son, but bound by love and devotion to Michael. Young Michael Jr., Intrigued by the stories he reads, steals in his father's car one night when Dad goes to "work" with Connor Rooney, the successor of family "work". Connor allows the situation to get out of control, and what was supposed to be just a warning turns into murder - testified by Michael Jr. After discovering that the young Michael saw what he was not supposed to see, the action was launched as a conflicting loyalty. Soon, Michael Sr. He is on the run with his little son, who is being persecuted by contract killer Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Lav). I will not discover further details to avoid potential spoilers. However, I strongly encourage viewers to examine many of the dualities featured in the film: Problems between sons and fathers (Michael Sr & Jr., John Roonei and Connor's son), between the world at home and the world in "work," between good and evil, between those who pretend to be God's people and those who really are, between "pure" money and "dirty", between Perdition and Perdition as hell. And by the way, enjoy the visual luminosity of Conrad L. Halla (9 nominations, 2 Oscars for Best Cinematography): rainfall from the fedora, footage through mirrors (especially on the swing door), flashes from the shadows, no sound. Not only did the 75-year-old hall give perhaps the best film product in his career, but 77-year-old Paul Nevman offers one of his best performances ever. Yes ... I'm getting old. But I've seen a lot ... and this is fresh and refreshing. The road to ruin represents a lasting and courteous gift to the gangster genre, films of the forties, dark characters from comics lurking in darkness, wicked people and heroes, an American film in general. Go see!
