Frankly, this film has crossed over the head of most of his slanderers. The contradiction of ruin is a salvation, and this film is one of the few that deals with these two concepts. The film also explores love and disappointments that follow the relationship of father and son. At the beginning it should be noted that none of these is currently a modern topic. The premise is that fathers are on the move, hit man Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks) and his criminal boss John Rooney (Paul Nevman), loves his sons and will do everything to protect them. But Rooney's son Connor is even worse than the others. He killed one of Rooney's loyal soldiers to conceal his stolen from his father. When Connor learned that this was testified by Sullivan's son Michael, he wrongly killed another Sullivan's son (and Sullivan's wife) in an attempt to silence the witnesses. the price of a failure. Rooney, who curses on a day when Connor was born, refuses to hand over his son Connor Sullivan, and hires a killer named Maguire (Jude Lav) to kill Sullivan and his son. So, Roonei joins Son Connor on the road to ruin. For the rest of the film, accompanied by his surviving son, young Michael, Sullivan leads Connor Rooney on the road to ruin, and Maguire runs Sullivan. When Sullivan confronts Rooney in the basement of the church, and demands that Connor give up because Connor killed his family, Rooney says - "Michael, there are only murderers in this room ... and only one guarantee, none of us will see Heaven. "As the film ends, somewhat predictably, one character is preserved and one character repents. I'm not a big fan of Tom Hanks, but he comes out of character to play Sullivan's hit man convincingly, giving a subtle and laconic performance. The man feels well like the old Irish gangster Rune, who shows a hard edge on his face and manner, his eyes are persecuted by Connor's weeks. Jude Leo plays Maguire in an appropriately creepy way. Tiler Hoechlin plays young Michael naturally and without influence. Cinematography has consistently repelled light from the darkness, repeating themes of salvation and ruin. The camera was pulled out of a palette of green and gray tones. Gray belonged to fathers and urban landscapes from the time of depression in Illinois. The Greens belonged to the younger sons and rural lands of that state. The bustling, audacious and boring music of Thomas Nevman had poor Irish accent and played in arrangements similar to Copland. The sets were authentic middle-west urban plants, churches. The houses were glittering with a glittering wooden structure. The excellence of the film lies in its generation of unique feelings from deep topics, distinctive acting and the unification of music and cinema. The only negative was an insignificant anti-pistol message that got into the script, the film was just nodding with political correctness. I give this film 10 out of 10; will eventually be recognized as an excellent film.
