If you thought that Sam Mendes's first film, the announced American BEAUTI was a style movie available, wait until you see his long-awaited second effort, an irresistibly gloomy gangster melodrama. 30 ROAD TO AMOUNT. Some critics have welcomed this new film as a worthy successor to the GOD'S GOD, a ruthless judgment by several critics recorded by Mr. Mendes's extraordinary technical power. If the mechanics of filmmaking is what makes the picture great, then yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is the distant cousin of THE GODFATHER in terms of what he accomplishes in cinema, assembly, music and sound. What is not there is a resonance that all great stories and some very rare films have what remains with the viewer long after the experience of reading or watching is over. As with American BEAUTI, there is a cool, distant feeling for this movie, despite some very tense scenes that include paternal love, loyalty and betrayal. This story of the killer (Tom Hanks) and his relationship to the surrogate father - a character who is also his boss, the older Irish ruler of the rookie (Paul Nevman), appears to have been drawn from countless gangsters from the past years . The motive of the father / son over the picture is so difficult in his treatment that there is not much room for spontaneity; the entire company is very carefully made, and almost all of the dialogue is conveyed with great admission: this is obviously a gangster movie; therefore, the amount of violence and bloodshed is necessary, but the film is almost without humor to speak of; only in scenes involving a young boy riding a car to escape into a cunningly arranged installation, is there any sense of carelessness to permeate the ubiquitous sense of failure. But if I say, I have nothing but the most praise for the stunning look of this movie; Indeed, it's not too hard to say that this is one of the most beautifully photographed and designed films I've ever seen. Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall will very likely win another Oscars for his work. Production kits and costumes are just exemplary; In fact, the whole movie is a technical wonder. Mr. Mendes continues to amaze his living use of colors, and he and Mr. Hall are again making a very dramatic use of red blood spattered against pale walls, which is even more effective and disturbing because of the dominance of blacks, blouses and gray tones dominating the film color scheme. If I have not managed to accurately record the acting, this is not because the actors are not considered capable; everyone in the film is top-notch, with a special focus on two bad bad guys: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate", the spoiled, impulsive son of the father of Nevman's gangster; and almost unrecognizable Judas Lava as a particularly slick criminal who is very important in the search for Hanks and his son and figures in a film that captured the other half. But, acting in a movie, this brilliant color will return to the photo fireworks shown here. If Rolls-Roice was a movie, I do not doubt that it would look like ROAD TO PERDITION.
