This could not have been better. The powerful constraints on Mike Sullivan's expression could not have been shown in any other way. Tom Hanks brings the best performance of his career. Young Tiler Hoechlin drives an emotional bike; playing the basic character for the story. And veteran Paul Nevman gives one of his best characteristic performances for a long time. This film is based on a graphic novel by Mac Allan Collins and Richard Piers Rainer. This is a story about father / son who basically employs two candidates exclusively unable to play. Mike Sullivan did not have a father like a kid, so John Roonei drove him. Although he was a generous man, Mr. Rooney was involved in organized crime. Accordingly, Sullivan's debt only paid off by inclusion in the job. Now, Sullivan has a wife and two children and is trying to keep his children safe, but at the same time he returns to the boss. The events that will follow will test Sullivan's loyalty and embrace the fate of his family. With the great adaptation of David Self, the dialogue comes out rare, but still very honest. The story takes place in the beautiful ambience of the 1930s (Brilliant Art directed by Richard L. Johnson and Nancy Haigh) covered with dark rain (snow on earth) from the outside. Leading story, this is the wonderful Irish cruise of Thomas Nevman, only when needed. But the most important technical element in the film is the beautiful photo of Conrada L. Halla. This is one of the best cinemas I've seen; and I watch a lot of movies. The scenes when Mike and Michael in the car, entering Chicago are quite impressive. The video starts at the front of the car, revealing Mike (Hanks) through a windshield. Then he returned to the side of the car to see Michael (Hoechlin) who woke up and looked out the window. As he continues, he and the cart go back, completely around the car and discover the beautiful picturesque Chicago from the 1930s. With a great team and team, the principle man makes a real drama. I'm talking about Sam Mendes, who debuted his feature film in 1999 with American beauty. (he received various awards) Before American beauty, Mendes worked as a director for the British theater, but decided to continue to say that there was nothing new in the theater. With only two films, Sam Mendes in his book was labeled one of the great directors (On the list of twenty-five). Film illuminates a ravenous genre that has its hits and failures. and brilliantly expresses the right topic. Photography, acting and stories are phenomenal. I'm still waiting for Scorcesee's New York gangs, but for now I am completely sure that I've said this is the best movie of the year. Given the competition (Signs, Insomnia, Minority Report), this is a strong statement.
