Why is more movies (especially American) no longer like the Meatball Machine? This is my first official online review and I am charged with "Electric Ecstasy" after I chose the "Meatball Machine" as my first venture. This is a sentence, so I will try to keep myself refreshed and emotionally emotional. I mean, this is a creative work although it's obviously inspired now by the classic TETSUO! So what if it's not all original? I own both of these films, and even though Tetsuo is a weird little son of a bitch, the Meatball Machine is far superior and can be passed without a strong desire to indulge in the dosage of a drug that changes the mind. The Meatball Machine is equally elaborated in its story, as well as in the great flow of blood and blood. Thank you, Jesus for Japanese cinema! Simply put, the last time my dreams were flooded with visions of horror occurred after I watched a nightmare on the Elliot Street when I was seven or seven years old. I could imagine the language that comes out of the phone for weeks in my dreams. This time (with 31) my substances were pleasantly inspiring. In this film, human bodies are host to Aliens whose only purpose is to try to fulfill their endless extinguishing of human flesh and blood. People become flesh eating cyborgs !!! There is more!!! Fight scene !! Super music !! A great shot of a look! Responsible treatment of the wife of Ciborg (at least better than her male partner). The battle that can be seen in the end is worth watching ten or twenty times. Oh, and am I forgetting to mention the love story! Wow, I hate love stories, but this takes a cake! I can not wait to have friends once again to watch this movie just to see the reaction on their faces. Unfortunately, I took time to write this review because I'm afraid most friends and family will not understand the Meatball Machine. The truth is that America as a whole is not ready for the Meatball Machine. In the end, my wife went in until I finally watched the climatic scene of the fight and she remained wordless. Usually he says something like "why are you looking at the trash?" This time she had nothing to say. I was glad! This is not trash. This is not just a SPLATTER (spray splash is also great). These are Art's friends. Art. CHACHO
