The director of the duo Iudai Iamaguchi (Battlefield Baseball) and Jun'ichi Iamamoto "Meatball Machine" is obviously a remake of the 1999 Yamamoto film under the same name. I doubt that I'll ever get the chance to see the original so I'll just comment on this. First, what is the "Meatball Machine"? Simple today, the pretentious industrial low-budget lacquer is full of great effects and rewards. You will not end up writing books about it, but it's still fun to dig this kind of movie. Meatball Machine follows a well-known story. The boy loves a girlfriend, but he is too afraid to ask her about the meeting. The boy finally meets the girl. A girl is infected by a parasitic alien creature that turns her into a killer cyborg. The boy, in turn, turns into the thing and goes in search of his love. Will it succeed? Who cares, as long as there is slaughter and death I am satisfied. The action is simple, relative cliches, but it is a good enough job that sets the movie course straight in the bloody conflict. between the two main characters. There is a subgroup that focuses on how the parasite that infected a girl came to their lives. And that, too, happiness shows more violence. I am happy. Action is what you would expect from a movie that does not follow the budget. It's not very painful for the ears, but it's not very good. The main attraction of the film besides violence and bloodyness (as I have not mentioned before) are cyborg designs. Made by Keite Amemiia, whose work on creating strange creatures and costumes for movies and video games is well known. Cowboys, as they are called in the "Meatball Machine", look incredibly detailed. Without the use of CGI Amemiia design is an amazing fusion of meat and metal, painfully terrible in its appearance. It can transform various parts of the body into cold weapons such as blades, rocket launchers, shotguns, and so on. Although you can easily recognize the cheapness of the movie, non-native speakers are class A-films. "Meatball Machine" is "Tetsuo The Iron Man" mixed with "Alien", everything is done in a low budget and extra ketchup mode. It's an incredibly entertaining movie that ignores contemporary special effects and proves that the spray genre is still alive and silent.
