This version of Dickens' classic A Christmas Carol in 1984, directed by Clive Donner, plays George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. Until this time, the challenge for the filmmakers was to take familiar material and make it fresh and new; and, fortunately, with Donner, this film not only fulfilled the challenge, but surpassed all the expectations that someone could have for it. He tells the story with precision and detail and extracts the performances of his actors, which are nothing less than superlative, especially Scott. It could be argued that the definitive account of Scrooge, one of the most famous characters in literary fantasy ever, was created by Alastair Sim in a 1951 film; but I think that with his performance, Scott has now made that difference. There is such a purity and honesty in his Scrooge that it becomes difficult even to consider somebody in that role when you see Scott; Simply put, he is Scrooge. And what a gift to such a gifted actor; Being able to take such a well-known figure and make it so unique it's pretty wondrous. It is truly a joy to see how an actor is doing so well through his store so that the character can be so real, from every word he speaks to the finest expression of the face, and to make it all so true. It's a study in perfection. Other members of the actors are also great, but then they must again be in order to preserve the integrity of the Scottish performance; and they do it. Frank Finlay is the spirit of Jacob Marley; a noticeable shift, though not as unforgettable, perhaps, like Alec Guinness (like Marley) in the movie "Scrooge". Angela Pleasence is a welcome vision as the Spirit of Christmas Past; Edward Woodward, magnificent and noisy, and totally convincing as the Spirit of Christmas Attendance; and Michael Carter, gloomy and terrifying as the Spirit of Christmas that has not yet appeared. the quality set by Scott's Scrooge, and Susannah Iork as well as Mrs. Cratchit. The real jewel that can be found here is the appearance of young Anthony Valters as Tini Tim; It's sincere, but it never became a maudlin, and it's just one of the best interpretations - and the most realistic - ever featured on the movie. Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holivell), Luci Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Vhallei (Fan). An impeccable presentation, this version of 'A Christmas Carol' sets the standard for everyone else to be evaluated; no matter how many versions you can see, watching this looks like you see it for the first time. And forever after, whenever you think of Scrooge, the image that your mind will imagine will be the one made by George C. Scott. A completely entertaining and satisfying experience, this film requires a place in the annual schedule of the holiday festivities of each home. I rate this 10/10.
