Wow ... I think VOV this must be one of the best stories I've ever had the opportunity to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two fighters, a man and his son, go on to practice banned bastard sources and ignore their warnings, they both fall in the spring. Dad, Genma, the source of drowned Panda. And 16-year-old Ranma, a source of a distressed girl. Now, with every splash of cold water, they are transformed into what is called the spring in which they landed. No, that's just the beginning. As if one of the strongest teenagers ever existed and turned into a woman was not enough, Ranma must deal with the crazy teachers of martial arts and hundreds of crazy artistic styles, the crazy principle of high school, the right and left opponents to settle with Ranma, it's for killing your life in some way or for "removing" your loved ones. Speaking of loved ones, I lost track of how many times a boyfriend or girlfriend fell in love with Ranm. And it was not his fiancé, Akane. And that's only from the first few chapters / episode of the series. The story itself is incredible. I've never encountered something so crazy, so bizarre, so ... so ... out of this world, and yet on Earth and credibly ... I can not even describe it to the end. It's just a charming story that's easy to get in. What I like is humor. I never laughed so loudly with the manga, and it does not have to try with any of them to catch in Simpson's or something like that. I could read any part of the comic book and I would laugh from start to finish. The other thing are the characters. Ranma, you would think that he would make him too strong, but not ... ... with every little problem that he is telling him to throw on him, he tries to survive half the time, and his personality is a stupid young man. It seems, but when the worst comes to the worst, it can be a budget genius. And to think, of the hundreds of perverters in the show, Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​perverts all together, consider everyone in his city, and this is Akane, the worst pervert he ever lived. His father, Genma, would you think your father could fit into the background? Exactly! But whenever there is a spotlight ... it just gives you more reasons to hate it, but you love it! You think you know the worst dad of anime? You did not meet Genome. Rioga, probably one of the Rami's greatest rivals and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and probably one of the only people he can handle. Most likely the strongest character in the series, but he has two errors, one is his curse that turns him into a pig, but his biggest mistake ... is his lack of meaning in the direction! Then we have ... you know, I could check the clock on the computer by explaining all the characters, the story, everything positive about it, but that would be meaningless. 't, NOV! You will not regret it! Although I would recommend checking comic books first. I like the anime, but I have trouble getting the batch at a good price. And a small thread, humor does not seem to be translated as anime and manga. I think partly because my comic looks more cartooned. But in any case, his victory! 10 out of 10!
