First of all, I took Ranmu 1/2 when I was twelve. I was in the library and desperately asked for something good to read. Then I went to the Comic / Manga section and noticed this book. The first few readings of the chapter I did not know what was going on, but I knew I loved him. I even took him home for a few more readings. Frankly, I was not anywhere. And then, five months ago (now I am 16 years old) my friend watched some anime series and I remembered these Mange. I could not remember his name, but he recalled that the author is Rumiko Takahashi, the creator of Inu Yashe. Then I pushed it, and then made a quick decision to watch all 161 episodes. In the beginning, I was a little discarded from the graphics from 1990, but that did not matter in the end. No anime has ever smiled so much and overturned me, she looked at me again. I once watched 45 consecutive episodes during the day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. Finally, after about two days, I became obsessed. I even dreamed - as it sounds crazy - of seeing Ranma. I've never found a series that would be so comfortable, so funny and so cordial to watch. To date, 161 episodes are not enough to satisfy me. Of course, the ending of the clippings was enough to turn me back, but the series itself was enough to continue reading. Ranma 1/2 is about a guy named Ranma Saotome and his dad Genmi Saotomeu. INTENSE martial artists. They are so intense, that they went to ancient training in China and become "goddamn". The terrain was full of different sources of resources, and if you land in one, you take the form of what drowned there when it was cold in cold water. For Genm, it was PANDA, and for Ranm, that was ... a girl! It's a very cunning funny story. On top of that, Genma promises to his friend that Ranma will marry one of his daughters to keep Tenda Doja alive. Of course, one that matches his hatred of his womb and mutual feelings. Obviously they started to love each other, but they both stubbornly admit it. But .. Genma has a history to do this. He promised Ranma to many girls. Believe me. It's worth watching. It's funny, touching and amazing.
