First, Edison Chen made a fantastic, convincing job as a Cambodian hit man, born and raised in landfills and a gladiator ring, where he perfected his skill of wild battery to survive, living on the killing mantra, or being killed. In a role that had little dialogue, or at least a few lines in the Cambodian / Thai, his performance is tempting, probably what was supposed to be in the vehicle Jet Li Danni the Dog, where a man was raised exclusively for the purpose of fighting, Like Danni the Dog, much talked about bare sequences of fighting are not choreographed stylish, but are designed as normal, brutal fistufes, where everything goes. This has probably brought a sense of realism and gravel when you see that characters are inserted into each other, in the defense of their own lives while taking it away from others. It is a dark, large and dark film both literally and figuratively, and it sets it apart from the usual trilogical production of a mill-policeman. Edison plays a hired pistol from Cambodia, which becomes a fugitive in Hong Kong, on the run from police officers, while his truck has fallen upside down. The leader is a team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who has to fight with inspector Ti (Sam Lee), who involved and accepted the team had to do with his father's sins. So begins the game of cats and mice in the dark shades and shadows of the gray side of Hong Kong. The story itself works on multiple levels, especially in the exploration of the hit man's character, and the cop. On the opposite sides of the law, we see within each character not a black and white, but a gray shade. With the hit man, we see his caring side when he was caught and developed a sense of love for a girl (Pei Pei), provoking a sense of maturity, gentleness and revealing the golden heart. A policeman, with suspicious tactics and attitudes, makes you wonder how someone gets away if you are willing to do whatever it takes to complete the job. There are many interesting moments of moral reexamination, about how anti-heroism is adopted, the overwhelming strategies. You will ask what a man does, what the beast does, and if we tend to change sides depending on the circumstances - do we have that dark inner line in all of us, transforming ourselves from a man into a dog, and a dog to a man? Dog Bite Dog attracts you from the very beginning and never let it go to its end, although there are points in the middle through which it seemed to retreat, especially at her moments, and suffered from not knowing when to finish. If I have to choose a favorite scene, then it must be the one in the food shopping center - the extremely well-controlled and delivered, uncertain edge of your seating moment. Listen also to music, and you do not dream of hearing the thunder of dogs. It is highly recommended, especially if you think that you have seen almost everything from the genre of the police thriller.
