Despite being far from my expectations, I was completely impressed with Dog Bite Dog. I rented him not knowing much about it, but basically I expected it to be a martial sport / action movie in the standard Hong Kong action tradition, which I am a fan of. In the end, I got something completely different, which is not a bad thing at all. While a movie can be classified as such, and definitely there is good action and scene fighting in the film's hand, it's definitely not the primary focus. Her characters are infinitely more important to the film than his struggles, which is a rather unusual thing in many action films in Hong Kong. I was quite surprised by the intricacies of characters and character relationships in the movie. The main character, played by Edison Chen (which is really very good), becomes infinitely more complex to the end of the film than I ever thought it would be after watching the first thirty minutes. Police characters have also thoroughly defied my expectations. Actually, a sharp and sincere picture of the rarely seen dark side of the police was my favorite side of the film. I do not know if I would say that Dog Dog Bite completely undermines typical appearances of a bad criminal, a good cop, but surely distorts them in ways that are often not seen in the film (unfortunately). So many movies, especially action movies from Hong Kong that I find, portray the police in what is sincerely VERO's ignorance of the idealized light. This is one of my least favorite genre things. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw Dog Bite Dog actually had some very unique, and indeed quite brave ideas for representing police forces. There are scenes of negotiation in this film that I have never seen before, and I will ever see the doubts, and I am sure that I will remember for a long time. Also, criminal characters are also shown from an interesting perspective, there is a documentary in the film of Cambodian boys who are not older than ten years and who are made to fight each other to death with their bare hands, which I thought was one of the most powerful and powerful moments film. There is much talk about why these types are the kind they are, not just to condemn them. Also, the relationship between the character's character and the girl he meets in the trash reveals much about his character. Only when this element entered the film, I really started to watch the film as an emotional experience, and not just viscerally. Something about the relationships on the screen has something that does not pass me, but for some reason this really was. The actress does an amazing job with this role that I think was not easy to play. Dog Bite Dog also has some truly stunning cinema, although unfortunately it is quite uneven. There were some moments that were very striking to me, especially in the last segment of the film, but there was also a lot of work with a camera that was fine. Another minor problem I had was pacing, which was also uneven. I discovered that many scenes "looking for a boat" are a little alienating, although it is soon accelerating. Action scenes are short and not too rich, but they are really powerful and effective, especially at the end. The choreography of the struggle is not so impressive, although the merit is solid and quite realistic, but true power is the emotional content behind the battle. The final scene, although it's not a miracle of martial art or a fight for choreography, is one of the most powerful final fights I've ever seen, and I've seen several films about martial arts. The biggest deciding factor is whether or not you get a lot from Dog Dog Bite is whether you can connect with the characters or not. All of them are certainly some of the smaller characters that will probably be seen in a movie of any kind, but there was something very human about all of them that I could not but be attracted to and really feel for them, especially Chen's girlfriend. It should be said that I doubt most people will like the movie as much as I did, because I think most people will not like or worry about the characters the same way, but I still recommend it anyway. It's really a really mobile and effective movie if you give it a chance.
