I have to be equal - I did not watch a movie that was tough as DOG BITE DOG. I am a big admirer of "old schools" in the late 1980s and early '90s when I was shooting CATIII movies, and I heard that this "style" of films made some kind of return to films like this, and Herman Iau GONG TAU which I have not seen from this letter yet ...), so I was very interested in recording some of these CATIII movies of recent waves. Has this movie fulfilled my expectations? Absolutely - but not exactly the way I imagined it. The story follows a young, animal, resourceful and almost unstoppable Thai killer with a somewhat blurred history coming to Hong Kong to complete a "mission". Because of some bad luck, he is quickly recognized by a sombre copy (which reflects many of the same qualities as our hit man), and is quickly caught and trapped. Such a state of affairs does not last long, although an unnamed killer escapes from his kidnappers and quickly shows to the local police that it should not be easily understood. It's hounded, and the game of a cats and a mouse between the police and a "crazy dog" (as the police call for it) is created. By the way, Mad Dog inadvertently interacts with a clever young woman, and the relationship is formed between them when he helps him to get out of a sticky situation. Ante is constantly increasing because Mad Dog's only goal is to leave Hong Kong and return to Thailand by any means, and the police are trying to survive him in life ... I could probably write ten paragraphs about this complex and fundamentally layered film, but I do not want to take too much. I watched DOG BITE DOG not knowing anything about the premise, and I think it's the type of film that's better appreciated. As for comparison with older CATIII films ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some hyper-violent moments that resemble "good" days, but they are never so sleazy or dirty as old school classics such as THE UNTOLD STORI or RED TO KILL. Where many of the older CATIII films were intended to "shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a far more imaginative and well-rounded production (although that does not mean none of those CATIII films I keep so dear ...). This film is much more "emotional" than the exploiter, and as we learn more about the characters and their origins, the audience begins to bind and identify on both sides. There are really no clear "good" and "bad" guys, because Mad Dog shows moments of extreme pity, and cops descend to extremely unusual methods to try to assassinate the killer. There is no nudity / sex in this film, which is a typical feature of older CATIII films. I would personally compare DOG BITE DOG with the park SIMPATHI FOR MR. VENGEANCE or maybe the BANGKOK DANGEROUS Pang Brother, because both films mix extremely emotional scenes with strong and unwavering action and violence. Again - there is nothing I do not like in this movie. The acting is dead, the cinema is sharp and well made, and the whole film successfully combines several different elements in a way that is not often seen. Is this film (and others similar ...) the "re-birth" of the CATIII movie - not exactly - but it's a very solid film that is absolutely worth checking ... 9/10
