Those individuals who know Asian cinema, as a whole, are aware that Japan is known, or notorious, because hyper-violence films and Korea are now getting a reputation for malicious brutal films. Dog Bites Dog, although it does not necessarily have to become hyper-violent as the craziest Miike film, nor is it as ruthlessly as brutal as some Korean more ambitious efforts, it is perfect with itself with its own brand of brutality. The greatest strength of this film is, like Japan's or Korea's greatest efforts, that brutality, instead of getting rid of the movie, is actually developing characters, if not pushing the stories forward. The two main characters are incredibly wicked individuals with their own motivations and emotional support to be as such. The character of Sam Li, for example, is on the edge from the very beginning and slowly and safely, in the middle of various encounters with Chang's character, reveals why he is. Without it too much, this story is broken, it involves the morally ambiguous nature of his father. Chang's character, on the other hand, has its most instant instincts accentuated, if not perfection, brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, Changa's story, although not necessarily revealing the human side, actually reveals the side of our animal nature that many forget about, which is the natural ability to recognize a broken animal (and I'm not talking about Sam Lee, Pei Pei's dummy girl figure). In the end, the first eighty minutes, it is, more or less, a straight forward cat or mouse, or a dog for hunting dogs, a film in which each encounter ends with at least one death (seriously, once Sam Sam and Chang Skuare off, some will die) and the fun part of the movie is that you never know who the hand will perform this act. What brings us to one weakness of the film. Unforunatlei enter this would be another spoiler, but, simply put, is guilty of pushing one of the main points of the film because, rather than leaving a point like 80 minutes in the movie, the movie goes to another 20 minutes or so even more accentuated. Do not misunderstand me, if you move better from 80 minutes to the peak and if the final act is not filled with sweet music (in fact, if, like most films, it kept music at a minimum and allow disturbing sound effects to do its job), and he could still work and not reduce the film. Although, despite the fact that the third act had the most cruel and bloody encounters, the way he acted was drawn, and almost offended the intelligence of viewers, because he felt that he had to go this far to cross over. Still, there is still a breath of fresh air from the Hong Kong cinema, because even the bloodiest of martial films never reaches the level of viciousness and brutality while retaining character bows in the clock.
