VOV. If you think the movie can not be tired in some way, then you have not seen Dog Dog Bite. This movie does not pull the shots, and it is not ashamed to show very disturbing images at all. Similar to Salo, this shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It's big, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it's also one of the best movies ever released from Hong Kong. The script is much more than the same, but do not think it's incredible cliches. Basically this is a worrying and obsessive detective in the game of a cat and a mouse, against a professional and insensitive attacker. While the script does not offer anything new on the surface, it provides many questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really so necessary? Do we become more or less human when we abuse a five-year-old child, without compassion, without regrets? In return, we do not act less than angry dogs when we are blinded by anger, it is a sad truth. This is a subject that the director brilliantly explores, and that it is not limited at all. In addition to hunting cats and mice, the script also develops two separate lines of story for the main characters. One is about love, and the other about redemption. Even if the script is not so new, it is still beautifully written and keeps you constantly connected to the headquarters. The acting is really, really good. Edison Chen as Hitman is incredible; he proves that there was not any nice face. He is merciless, rude, and compassionate. Sam Lee as an obsessed cop is also remarkable. In short, it's great. Music is also valuable. A very bleak result by Ben Cheung, with some effective light songs in key dark moments in the movie. The cinema of Iuen Man is also really good. All in all, this CATIII film is highly recommended. Very well-timed, incredibly acting, wonderfully accomplished and only really good at the end of everything. However, as many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. If you do not love violent violence, then you must keep away from this. If you do not like watching heavy negativity on a movie, it's not for you either. In the end, a movie film, 8/10.
