It is remarkable and highly praised that writers and directors continue to make great films from one of the oldest and most (over) used stories in the cinema! "Dog Bite Dog" is basically not much more than a simple story of a lonely copper that is obsessed with a brilliant criminal, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from others by being extremely violent and merciless. This is undoubtedly one of the fastest and most uncompromising films I've ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to get out of hell! Even the meals in the trilogy of revenge in Chan-Vook Park (with the exception of "Oldboi", perhaps) or any other known Cat-III film ever published, were sadistic and brutal as some of the events described in "Dog Bite Dog". Pang is a young and merciless Cambodian killer who landed in crowded Hong Kong streets in order to eliminate the wife of a distinguished judge in the restaurant. When the police arrive, young officer Vai sees Pang hurrying out of the crime scene and following him. The first real conflict between two angry dogs results in huge blood, while Pang ruthlessly kills a few hostages, and even Vai, a longtime friend and colleague. Since then, an exciting and full-scale action of a cat and a mouse between a frustrated policeman and a professional killer has begun. She also saves a young girl from the constant sexual abuse of her father and stays with her in her shed in a local garbage dump. What makes this routine action / thrill so fascinating (apart from explicit violence) is the background of the main characters! Pang, the killer, is Cambodian orphan and dressed to fight and kill for money since childhood. He does not know any limitations, no mercy, and barely speaks. Vaj, a policeman, has become particularly ruthless and unusual since his father's role (also a policeman) in a coma after an incident related to drugs. Lai does not question the suspects and witnesses; he yells at them and is ready to sacrifice everything to stop his completely new enemy. People with weak stomach or intricate nerves are advised to stay away from this film because cruelty and shock in Dog Bite Dog can easily cause nausea. It's not a type of violence where bloody heads and cut off limbs fly through the air, but rather as an intense and extremely disturbing type in which people try to break their opponents mentally and physically. Recording locations are effectively dark and spooky, and extremely sober music makes an already disturbing tone of film even more cruel. The performances are great! I would not be surprised that both Edison Chen and Sam Lee treated each other as enemies in the film, because their hatred and disgust on the screen feel too legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable movie, it is recommended if you can stack it. If you are afraid that you can not, just wait a few years for the inevitable American remake that will undoubtedly soften the premise.
