Finally, we have a category III film for the 2006 season. Made from equal parts of cruelty, crime and passion, Dog Dog Bite uses not only a good title, but also a flexible regime, top cinema and respectable performances of most involved. Of course, there must be a catch, which is manifested here in the form of several obvious inconsistencies, but everyone says that DBD is a mature spirit that we would like to see more in the HK mainstream. Announces the announced return of Edison Chen, who has long been absent from the debut of Initial D over a year ago. Chen's reserved machismo makes wonders for the film, yet he would have a rudeness without the opposite of Sammy Lee, whose ability to change physical comedy (Crazy 'N' city, no problem 2) and crazy threats culminated in the strongest role 'I saw him from Made in Hong Kong. Together, the duo makes Dog Bite Dog, and I hope that Edison will now get a lighter vacation as a result: his touch has transformed projects from Princess D to Inaguinal Affairs saga, and yet remains a rare occurrence. Basically, DBD displays some fascinating images, playing beautiful tricks with light, shadow and perspective. Soundtrack boosts this atmospheric effect, adding a total unrealistic mood to the movie. Most of the resulting combination probably has to do with the writer Matt Chov, previously engaged in such an awful Three Ektremes. Dog Bite Dog retains a number of features that recalled this horror project, which are round urbanscapes and the pervasive air of something dashing around the corner. Be sure, however, this is not a horror movie, but tracking the path that had previously passed the classic One Nite in Mongkok, though with more miles perverted angle. Replacing the reluctant character of the killer Daniel Woo, we have Edison, who plays an imitating machine for killing from Cambodia's underground. The sent Hong Kong way to accomplish one goal, the almost silent killer takes care of the job immediately upon arrival, a process that is politely displayed thanks to the brilliant images of the movie. Although from childhood grew up to become a killer professional, Edison's wild-dog dog still has human weakness and leaves a clue that he picked up the CID team sent to investigate. This assembly features a beautiful comedy of Lam Suet and good support of the TV star Vaine Lai. However, Sam Lee's dismissal officer Vai leads this charge, revealing that he is very disturbed by an individual, but an excellent cop. We gradually learn that Wai's inner conflict stemmed from the backdrop of his father's police corruption, provoking demons in the hands of the ruthless pursuit that follows. Less body number appears, as Edison thinks he can not. There is quite a quotient of violence in the shop, although the duck itself feels reduced in some places, and the language of adults only symbolically looks. Once again, with no nudity, which leads to the conclusion of Cat III, it is a bit of a hurry these days. However, DBD is a relatively mature theater edition, and we welcome his arrival. Between fighting, stabbing, hacking and shooting, even the killer in a career needs romance, and just as Daniel Vu had Cecilia Chung in One Nite, so the intrepid Mr. Chen gets a dear person, whom he beautifully done by Pei Pei. Her unnamed character (full of anonymity in this) meets Edison in an abandoned abandoned land, which his father abused to the extent of refusing madness and longing for escape. When the killer dismisses HK, he agrees to take it with him, and they go together in a race, they like to flourish on the road. While the film does not hold back on love, our hearts pass to the tragic character of Pei Pei and its endless suffering. She plays an incredibly good-looking, but brave protagonist, pointing out that there are no good or bad guys here, who showed an extremely sober final. The Cheang Soi Director's portfolio includes a recent thriller of the Home Sveet Home and Love Battlefield with Eason Chan, two of which are probably outdone in most accounts by the malicious behavior of Dog Bite Dog. Cheang manages to keep DBD running, and taking into account many parts of the game here, stands up to critical standards raised by people like Johnny To in his breakthrough night-time epic The Mission. There have been several mistakes that Edison would miraculously shake the shot in the chest, but this is very forgiving. we want the town movie to come back, Dog Dog Bite does not stand out for the story. His forte lies in powerful portraits and style, stimulated by the strength of a muscular muscle and a sharp eye for visual and auditory fine. the city night alter ego, something that Dog Bite Dog treats kindly, which is a solid ride, if not a complete masterpiece. Rating: * * * *
