Most reviews say this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. This film is a little different from the others, and if we consider it the best or the worst, it depends on what you expect from the film, and what you expect from Hamilton. Knowing Hamilton as a photographer, you can be a little surprised. While Bilitis looks like his books on the move with all these young girls who discover themselves and relate to each other on the brink of lesbianism, with the complication that connects these scenes, Laura concentrates on several characters, enabling them to develop among them (the artist-model) But although we see beautiful photos, many of them are better than its average, their number is reduced for action. Tendres relatives differ from both, it's just Hamilton's film that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving photographs. Therefore, it may be acceptable to a wider audience than Hamilton fans, who look like an erotic comedy (but not a German soft-core type - "Schulmadchen reporters" fans would be very disappointed). You will not laugh a lot, but you can laugh (and that's something you often do not get from Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton films, the age of a woman varies. Unlike other films, the main character is a boy. Unlike its usual works, this is not put out of place and out of time. We have characters who live their lives, have their own destiny, and lead us not just from one photo to another, from one naked girl to another. Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) is lost with the script in his hands. Girls on the beaches, in the shower, in low-lighting rooms, in the gardens, under the tents, in front of the mirror, regardless of the amount of clothing - this is its territory, it can record minutes and hours, and whatever you do always feel the artistic eye and his hand behind him. But when he has to present us an average daily life, he ceases to be Hamilton and becomes an average director who just follows the scenario. Hamilton is best known for his acts, but they are just part of his work. And in Tendres' relatives we have a reverse situation: his girls are not in the best frame. Nature, the garden, the house remind us of Hamilton's work (often ignored part), while girls, even when they are naked, have nothing special in the way they represent us. Perhaps Hamilton was confused about having a boy in front of the camera, maybe he was thinking of the line he would accept censorship, perhaps he was really trying to do something new (and nobody dared tell him he did not need), but he ignored it. for which he is mostly praised.
