I like art photographs of David Hamilton with naked women on the border of femininity, sometimes erotic, though never pornographic. Someone else liked them too, because my books were David Hamilton stolen. In one book, there are several pictures of a young man, apparently naked, intimate with a young woman older than him, also naked. Though discreet, there was a strong sexual connotation. New territory for David Hamilton, who turned out to be a Tendres Cousines movie or photos taken on a set. Unfortunately, the art of photography is not automatically translated into cinema. The soft focus becomes out of focus and discrete angles become confusing, perhaps because they can not be taken into account on the move. You either see or miss and have no time to observe, understand. The film should be a farce, and funny things happen, but they do not "bother", maybe because the story develops so slowly and you can wonder what's happening. In the end, 14-year-old Julien has a relationship with her cousin, but it's a soft core, without any genital contact shown on the camera. Since this is a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and shame caught up in acting and, catching them, Julien's father even gives him a cigarette to complete the experience. Fair enough, the film is in French and is adapted to French film forms, which may be too subtle for most Americans, even with English subtitles that help Phillistines together. It is considered that this film is a child pornography and this certainly arises from today's climate where sexual exploitation of children is obviously a serious problem. No one in his / her healthy mind wants to support or seem to support the sexual abuse of children, so there is practically no room for children to see themselves even in the worst erotic context, and immediately not triggering alarms for sexual violence and exploitation. The guys will think "Luckie Julien!" even when they agree that sex and children in movies are a "bad thing", all the time wanting to be Julien in those years. Women can have similar thoughts, but all such thoughts must be thrown out of the conscious mind. Hysterically, the worst assumptions have become automatic and the issues of children and half are severely avoided. It's a pity, because sexual awakening is a real human experience. After all, children grow up and become sexual beings like Julien. This is an appropriate literary theme, the film is included, but taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children. David Hamilton, I think, risked making a film about this subject in 1980. He was somewhat successful in researching this sensitive topic, and unfortunately, it is unlikely that in the near future we will look better out of fear of child pornography tags.
