This was a very fun movie and I really enjoyed it, otherwise I did not rent movies like these (for example, Indie flicks), but it got me drawn to the film because it had an incredible performance featuring Jamie Kennedy, whom I loved from the Scream trilogy. The film director has risked (and it is a risky risk) in telling the lives of many (and I mean many) different people and intertwining at different intervals. Taking this risk was a good idea because the end result is a very good movie. The film has several main characters; Dvight (Jamie Kennedy) - an unhappy author of a fortune cookie whose relationship with his girlfriend is on the rocks due to quarrels. Vallée Gregory (John Carroll Linch) is a loader aircraft technician who has love for all living beings (except perhaps maybe maidens) and who, despite his good heart, has an increasing calamity. Cir (Brian Cok) is the owner of a Chinese store of Chinese restaurants / donuts that germafobu and because of his fear of bacteria puts his assistant / cook Sung - (Alekis Cruz) under pressure to keep up with his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk) whom she is convinced she is trying; Stop it, have fun, be funny, crazy, and not live a normal life. They start to have small and almost crazy arguments and Olive seriously starts to doubt Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a man whose life does not go well, because bad things start to add up in his life, he decides to take it in his hands. Mitchell - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alekandra Vestcourt) is a girl of his dreams and that they are predestined to one another, although more skeptical. She tries to get her every chance she gets and he certainly tries to try! John Hitchcock has just been dismissed from work and doubting his role as a service provider; he takes another job that is simply not suitable. His wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) is comforted by the experience of losing her job until she finds out that Johnston was not a full-grown husband whom he thought he was. -Erica
