The only reason I gave this was that the other actors who played Tadashi's torturers were not ready for that job. I suppose they were just kids who were real age and nice, but they were not well trained, and their scenes were insignificant. I say that we do not judge by American standards because it is full of ambiguity and the kind of ambiguity that Japanese culture readily accepts and is not required for a black hat / white hat of moral restrictions on American children movies are routinely subjected. For example, there is a precious moment when Tadashi's small group of Iokai's comrades descend and leave the other iokai, and Shojo - an avuncular Kirin messenger - do what many under the stress of the Japanese do. Tip: This would not have happened in Disney's movie. This picture also has the best placement of beer products you'll ever see in a children's movie. Early, there is a moment in which a school teacher strikes a couple of perpetrators on the head with his presence book. There were TV commercials in Japan a few years before this film came out. It was an animation about the clay rate of a kid who was depressed and playing guitar and singing the blues in his room. His mother yells at him from below to shut up. Then somebody gives him a beverage and cheers and sings a happy melody, but his mother comes and tells him to sneak again and slap him a splash that leaves a trace in his forehead. I mentioned this advertisement because it was considered ridiculous, and I did not hear objections while I was there. There is much more bloodshed and physical cruelty on the screen in the "Great Iokai War" than could be found in Disney's film. As a parent, if it were an American film, I would be armed in such things, although not necessarily a moral lesson drawn at the end of the painting, which of course is not black and white. As far as the Japanese film is concerned, I accept that these cultural norms allow images that do not go past standards and practiced policemen in American production. However, I would probably be a little upset when I look at children without giving them some pre-shov briefing and / or post-shov debriefing about violence and other off-color things, or I'd wait for them to show them to you earlier.
