Last night I had the pleasure of seeing the BUG movie at the Florida Film Festival and let me say it was a real treat. The directors were there and after that they were done by K & A. The film begins when a young man breaks a cockroach beneath his foot, a man parking his car nearby and seeing a young man breaking and running to ask the kid why? why? Did he have to kill a living being? In a hurry to advise young men in the error of their roads, a man neglects to pay a parking meter, which starts a whole series of events involving people who do not even touch him, some are funny, some sad, and some are funny. This movie has a lot of laughter, a lot! and there are many actors that you will recognize. The main actors who featured in the film for me were: Jamie Kennedy (from his comedy show Jamie Kennedy Experiment, playing a fellow with fries, John Carroll Linch (who plays Drev's cross dressing at Drev Carey shovu) loves a guy who simply can not fix it, Brian Cock (the original Hannibal Lecter in Manhunter) plays the germophobic donut and Chinese food owner, and there is also a line where Cock tells his boss to wash the pigs' blood, which is on the sidewalk saying "cleanse that death" which is pretty fun, mostly because of One of the most entertaining and surreal scenes is when Trudie Stiler (Ms. Sting) and another actor perform a scene on the shovu for the film, which is the most entertaining moment in the film. When the young man imitates his father, he heard it earlier that day. Cable access, from a movie that is a boy into a plastic balloon, an actor who hosts a cable access is incredible because he is so serious and futile, and his performance as a doctor and boy in a plastic balloon is enchanting. There are many other fun and entertaining actors and actors in this film who filmed in less than a month with a budget of only $ 1 million, directors Phil Hai and Matt Manfredi (who are scriptwriters by craft, wrote the crazy / beautiful and upcoming Tukedo- and starring Jackie Chan) have achieved a movie that is great, fun and expensive.
