Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history, and it deservedly, so I'm happy to see any of their films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is drawing closer to completing his formula for rejuvenation, with the ability to reverse aging, after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are cleaners for chimneys who are coming to do their job, and very soon Ollie wants to escape from Stan's faults. Ollie goes to the roof to help the other end of the brush on the top of the chimney, but Flat in the living room ends up pushing him back to the attic. After stopping the extension, Stan gets a replacement, a loaded gun, from the wall, and, of course, fires the brush. The apartment goes up to look, and Ollie, standing on the roof of the attic of the roof, falls into a greenhouse. Stan asks if he's hurt, and Ollie just replies with "I have nothing to say." Ollie returns to the roof, and he and Stan end up in retreat and withdrawal that ends in Ollie's fall and destruction of the chimney. Ollie, without a hat, many bricks hit the head in the fireplace and the butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered with smoky ash, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan. Boys decide to clean up the mess, and when Stan breaks the carpet with a shovel, Ollie asks: "Can not you do anything?" Stan answers: "I have nothing to say." While Ollie holds the wall sack to rock the ash, it interferes with the paintings on the wall, and the ashes end on Ollie's trousers, so Stan gets another shovel on his head. Professor Noodle ends his formula and completes a duck test, with a drop of water in the tank, and turns her into a duck. He also shows his success to boys, turning dots into the egg, and he then suggests the use of a human subject, i.e. His butler. As he left, boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie ends up putting Stan into the water tank with all his formula. In the end, what once Ollie came out, a monkey, and when Stan asks him to speak, everything Ollie monkey says is "I have nothing to say," and Stan sneezed. Filled with a lovely slapstick and all the classic comedy you may want from a black and white movie, it's a nice movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 on the comedian. Very good!
