This is a strange comedy Lorel and Hardy with a somewhat divided personality: sometimes it feels like two films are made in different styles combined in one short film. Luckily, each portion is ridiculous in itself, and the seemingly reckless clowning of the boy carries the day and synthesizes the various elements of the film into the fun of the whole. Although I never heard that the fan likes DIRTI VORK as his favorite Laurel & Hardy comedy, it seems that everyone likes it. Our story is set in Professor Noodle's home, one of the key elements of the story: a wild parody of the crazy scientist's script. This marks a rare endeavor in the science and fantasy territory of L & H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges were more often beaten by crazy doctors than Stan and Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with the creation of a rejuvenation serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses the skepticism of the viewer with the right eyes and casual dry humorous. In the meantime, Stan and Ollie are chimney sweepers that appear in the professor's house just the day he perfected his solution. Their "part" of the film consists of a characteristic (but first-class) impact involving a chimney, roof, shovels and numerous unfortunate incidents. If you do not enjoy watching these types, then DIRTI VORK will not like you, but for fans of the team this movie is a feast. The peak comes when Ollie spins through the chimney, landing in the fireplace, and then swayed by bricks that fall on his head with rhythmic precision, one by one. I also like the video that Ollie falls from the roof to the greenhouse; The process of work is so slapdash, I suppose it was some kind of joke, like V.C. Fild's films would have the worst screens in the latest projection in the world. Slapstick is great fun, but it's a crazy motive by a scientist who makes this movie unusual, and two players who support the game deserve the top of the game. Hat: A prolific actor in the image of Lucien Littlefield is excellent as a professor, delivering his overlooked lines with pleasure and gamble with hammi glee, while Sam Adams stabs in the less striking role of Jessup Butler. As much as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were at its peak, it's always worth noting that their accompanying bands at Hal Roach Studio gave their films a huge boost. Also, it usually did Le Roi Shield's background music, but DIRTI VORK marks a rare opportunity from this period that comedy Roach has no musical accompaniment after opening. Perhaps the mood of the mood enhanced the procedure, but regardless; this is certainly a very pleasant comedy and an excellent example of what Laurel & Hardi has made so popular on their day.
