I found this film the first time I searched for some of Stephane Rideau's works, still in the extraordinary desolation caused by the stunningly beautiful "Les roseauk sauvages" (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres), Andre Techine. I looked for similar films, in the old line. Then I found the movie "Preskue Rien", in which director Sebastien Lifshitz made us wonderfully, earning a nomination at the Cannes Festival in 2000. Cedric (Stephane Rideau), who meet during summer vacations. In a country far from where she lives, Mathieu spent days at the beach with her sister. There he meets Cedric, a local man with whom this estuitive and revealing relationship begins, much through the sensual and seductive personality that Stephane Rideau gives to his characters, (in the "Les roseauk sauvages", six years younger, he still preserves the innocence of a sweet seducer, a witch of matures here in experience). An example in guidance, in a lovely order, in an intimate and confessional description of boys who are first faced with his (still ambiguous) sexuality and great love. The first love, in the terrible progression of ecstasy-despair. The best film is the best of France: passionate passion, hot and excited rationalism, brown beauty, simple and natural acceptance by families, though not without surprise and first anger. Nevertheless, there is beach, luminosity, lightness, simplicity of the flight, fresh breeze, melody of waves and expressive eyes of introvert Elkaim (indefinable, injured, confused, passionate). Sex is not avoided or exploited, it is treated as it is, without exhibitionism intent. Based on pure talent, this is a work of drama of unusual quality, without cheap sentimentalism, which inevitably shows the true picture of two homosexuals in their youth as any ordinary person, although with a social fear of rejection and shame. It's good to see, especially those who love French movies (although the DVD front cover is very ludicrous, with two actors among tens of stars, lubricated with diamond). The movie witch, in my opinion, deserves 8-9!
