I agree that the movie is a bit slow at places with many scenes of everyday life and without dialogue. And I was not impressed just after I watched it. However, after a few days, I realized that the film stays with me and evokes the melancholic mood that remains in my head. My estimation of this movie is increasing. That certainly deserves more attention than those films that are currently being forgotten. As many have commented, the film is non-linear and it is a sign of European film creation, as opposed to linear narrative forms. Hollivood favors. I do not know whether this is true or not. Many also do not like his confusing structure and lack of clear explanations. For those viewers, I do not think I can say much to change their thinking. However, for those who are yet to see the movie, expect to be challenged and do not expect the film to give all the answers and you may enjoy it more than usual. Film skips a little, but it really chronicles only 3 time periods. Pay attention to the hairstyle and you can easily separate 2 of 3 periods. It is also not as confusing as it is suggested; just enjoy and everything will be clear at the end. Yes, many things remain unresponsive or not displayed, and many situations remain unexplored. But is not it life? For a long time you are not sure of the motives of your friends / loved ones if you do not oppose them, and even then, you can never be 100% sure they told you the whole truth. This type of film forces us to interpret the reasons behind these actions. The film, however, leaves enough indication to make reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is manic depressive, to the extent that she is suicidal. Why? I do not know, maybe his life does not take place just the way he expects it; maybe he misses the family, but he did not forgive his father for leaving his sick mother when she needed it; perhaps after all that he sacrificed for Cedric, he rearranged it and indeed, destroying his life to be with him, realized that all this "came to nothing". I think that the director intended to show that he had always been a little bit excluded, the mentality fragile for this scene with a dead bird. He may have a very sensitive psyche and all these efforts have taken tribute to him. But we also showed that he is not some kind of animal that is bothering the psycho with his love interaction with the cat lutali. Also, there is a conversation between Doctor and Cedric who throws light on the cause of the breakdown and perhaps the attempt of suicide. The doctor asks him if everything is fine, and Cedric thinks he thinks he once cheated on Mathieu, but that's nothing, says Cedric. Whether that is the only reason, we do not know that they are probably the other, they are all mixed together. Is it the most important thing to know exactly what they are? I do not think so, for this movie. Another sign that they are ultimately incompatible is the scene of historical ruins. Mathieu is interested in studying the ruins, Cedric is not. He is the one who is fighting against a hormone that focuses only on the physical side without the intellectual side that Mathieu obviously needs. I was pleasantly surprised by the turning of events after a dull tone approaching the end. I have two objections for DVD. One sound. It's very soft. I had to increase the volume to hear the dialogue, and then when he switched to a bar or open scene, he became too loud. The second is that subtitles can not be excluded; they stay on the screen. Most of the foreign film DVDs that have not been released in a large studio are unfortunately bad.
