The first love is a desperately difficult subject that is happening in the cinema: the comprehensive passion involved is usually ended up as a pale imitation or, worse, a little ridiculous. Lifshitz manages to avoid all pitfalls and delivers a moving, sexy, thoroughly enviable story of love, disaster and possible redemption, while tangentially touching some of the deeper issues in human existence. The basic story is about Mathieu, 18, a lonely, introvert boy who meets Cedric, a brasher, more outgoing but also lonely while on vacation with his family. As the year warms up, they fall in love and when the holidays end, they decide to live together. A year later, the relationship ends with a catastrophe: Cedric vara Mathieu, who is anxiously trying to take her own life. He survives and, in order to gain the perspective of his life, returns to the coastal city they met for the first time, this time hidden from the cold of winter. If the story is told this way, you will never have the influence that it has: a lot is implied, everything happens non-sequentially. The intricate story is essential to gain a deeper sense of passion through the use of a counterpoint and a weather perspective. Fortunately, the three time lines used (year of love, post-suicide psychiatric hospital and winter reconstructions) are marked with colors: warm yellow and orange for the year, almost scary cold blue for hospital scenes and warming brown colors and blues for the winter. Both main actors performed exceptionally, while the pleasure of seeing Stephane Rideau (Cedric) who used his full capacity (I'm used to seeing him Jeremie Elkaim (Mathieu) has to be singled out for a special mention: you can feel his loneliness, then his almost incredible passion, and then his character fell apart behind the wall of aphasia. Beautifully made gestures go far beyond the dialogue ever could. The topics touched are almost classical in the French film : our difficulty is to really understand what others feel; the difficulty in complete communication, the variable sands of meaning? The title of the movie "Preskue rien" (Almost nothing) points to all of this and, indeed, to one of the key scenes in the film: in an attempt to understand why Mathieu tried to kill himself, the psychiatrist Cedrica has ever cheated on him? "No? Enfin, oui? Fo fo, mais ce n'etait rien" (Not good, yes once, but that was nothing.) Cedric and still loves Mathieu? He brought him to the hospital during a suicide attempt (we do not see any of it) and desperately tries to contact him again when he leaves? but he can not understand that he has lost forever, because something that seemed to him nothing (a senseless affair) is all about Mathieu. While the film is darker than the rather unfortunate posters of Pierre and Gilles, it's not without hope: we see Cedric's slow, painful attempts to come back in contact with life, first through the cat he adopts, then through work at a local bar and finally contact with Pierre, who may be his next love. But the story ends here: the teenage passion, which takes place during the year, is another initial one. What was that? Almost nothing? Certainly not when are you living?
