Perhaps "Preskue Rien" is not the best film ever made ... But it's better than many of you have said. I have not yet seen a homo-thematic movie better than this. You Americans are used to watching very narrative films, with a clear start, development, and outcome. However, European films are less narrative, but they make you think a lot and feel. Many of you did not understand the meaning of the film. The purpose of this is not to show us simply "the summer" loves the movie, "with commercial characters who" fall in love and live happily forever. "Summer vacation and beach are just a background, and this film is directed at every boy who can feel identical with those boys. Maybe some of you did not understand this film well, because of 3 parts, shown as flashbacks. These three moments are: - Summer in Pornography when they meet and love each other - After a year and a half of life in Nantes, Mathieu is not alone in psychiatry. He tries to kill something and Cedric brings him to the hospital. appears in a conversation with a psychiatrist to find the reason he did it. - The last part, when Mathieu returns to Pornichet, in winter, I ... to think about how his life changed, how he became his life, and trying to find it. It's possible that some people can not understand this all well, because all the scenes are mixed up among them. Anyway, as I've already said ... this is not a funny movie. If what someone wants to see is meat, we have Belammy's films for it. Preskue Rien, what he wants us to show, how cruel is life, for a boy who is not sure about his feelings and is not sure what to do in life. Mathieu just wants to leave home and try to live his life that he thought could bring him happiness .. But what seemed at first to be perfect ... he was not as good as he thought he was, and he became worried, and I feel that he lost his way of life. He is lost and does not know what he really wants to do or what makes him happy. He finally became depressed and tried to commit suicide. So, funny? It's not a funny movie. A very hot scene? Just a few ... but this is not a movie for fun. It's all about feelings ... friendship, love, happiness, misfortune, pain, depression, loneliness ... I, like many others, feel identified with the life and problems of Mathieu, and that's what the director wanted to do ... a film that shows us the cruel reality of boy's life. For me, the best movie about homo themes.
