'Come Undone' is an earlier work by the unusually talented writer / director Sebastien Lifshitz (in collaboration with the writer Stephane Bouquet - the team that later gave us 'Vild Side'). How do we understand Lifshitz's way of telling stories, every one of his works becomes more precious. Allowing his gentle and sensitive love stories to take place in the same random way that is in the minds of confused and insecure young people - now is the time, the time has passed, the time is reflective, the time is imagined, the time is just - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal, viewer with all aspects of character response. It takes a bit of effort to get into his method, but going with his technique deepens us into a movie. Mathieu (handsome and gifted Jeremie Elkaim) visits the sea for a vacation, a time to allow his mother (Dominic Reimond) to fight with her undefined disease, worried by world and wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and was followed by his sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrik): their father stayed home for business reasons. Weaving inside and out of the first moments of the film are images of Mathieu himself, who seems depressed, drives trains, talks to someone in a small recorder. All we have to do is ask if there is an action that takes place in all memory or modern action. While sunbathing on the beach, Mathieu notices the handsome youth of her age in her head, and we can feel Mathieu's emotions shaking with confusion. Young Cedric (Stephane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister home, continuing the mystery of attraction. Soon Cedric approaches Mathieu and a mild introduction leads to a kiss that begins with a passionate love obsession. Mathieu is afraid of the direction she is dealing with, rejecting Cedricke's public approaches, but continues to search for shipments. Two young men are in the heart to be in love, and making the physical aspect of this relationship so necessary for understanding this story is shared with the audience in some very erotic and sensual scenes. Still, as the summer wears a Mathieu, a dedicated student, he realizes that Cedric is a rogue who works in a carnival spice. It is obvious that Cedric Dioniz's partner, while Mathieu Apollonsky: in time in architecture, Mathieu is excited by the beauty of history and space, while Cedric is interested only in the place as a new refuge for love. Mathieu is a complex person who is struggling with his family ties with a critical illness and a non-present father, a fear of his growing sexuality, and his passion for Cedric. Their moments of joy disrupt Cedric's confession of disbelief and Mathieu's inability to cope with this issue and ultimately separate. Time passes, family changes take place, and Mathieu enters depression including an attempted suicide. The way Mathieu deals with all these challenges and finds comfort, which is strange, in one of Cedric's past lovers, Pierre (Nils Ohlund) brings the film to a ambiguous but completely successful climax. After reviewing the movie, the sense of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the movie from the beginning now with the knowledge of the complete story is powerful. Lifshitz gave us a film about meditation with passion, conflicts with the force of passion in love, and a quiet film of silence and gifts that are incomparably beautiful. The whole setting is excellent and the direction is gentle and provocative. Lifshitz is certainly one of the great light films. In French with English subtitles. Recommended. Builds Harp
