It seems that "Come Undone" provokes a lot of thought among the participants of this forum. However, it is a film that promises to take a life for gaiety, as most viewers expect and somehow distance themselves from this promise into an introspective view of the soul of a young man. The film has a way to stay with us even when it's over. A study of the character of a young man interfering in a love affair with someone so different from him that in the end he would leave Mathieu confused, hurt, and depressed when things do not go down to what he hoped for relationships. If you have not seen a movie , you might want to stop reading. Sebastien Lifshitz, film director, told his story from Mathieu's view. It seems that most viewers are disoriented with different times in the film, but there are indications that are not obvious, as can be seen, in retrospect. The story is told in flashbacks that could contribute to the way some people will watch the movie. This is a story of the condemned love that Mathieu felt for Cedric and the ultimate breakdown of their lives. First of all, Cedric, a handsome young villager, persecutes Mathieu until he fails to convince him to love him. Mathieu also feels attracted to Cedric. We understand how many of the boys are different in the way Cedric tells Mathieu's family how he feels at school. On the other hand, Mathieu, who wants to be an architect, finds beauty in an abandoned place where Cedric took him. We look at how Mathieu, reading from the guide, wants Cedric's attention. When Mathieu comes out with his mother, he wisely talks about the importance of continuing his career. It also points to what kind of future the two would have together, which turned out to be true. It seems that Mathieu learned his lesson in the hard way. He continues his uncertain life with Cedric and tries to take his life. We are looking at him at the hospital talking to a psychiatrist who was treating his wounded soul. The ending can be confusing for most viewers, but there is a moment in the movie when Mathieu goes to work in a bar where we see him washing her glasses and carefully watches Pierre, the young man who visits the bar. So, when Mathieu is looking for Pierre at home, it's hard to imagine. Still, we have seen the way Mathieu is obviously interested in Pierre. The last scene on the beach, when Pierre and Mathieu were seen walking along the sand, is a sign of hope that things will be better between them while looking at the young man, apparently lost, but then the realization that his father is nearby. > Jeremie Elkaim makes Mathieu one of the most complex characters in recent movies. This is a young man who is difficult to understand at a simple level. Mathieu suffered a lot, first separating his parents, then depressing his mother and losing Cedric. Stephan Rideau, seen on other important French films, is as good as Cedric. While "Come Undone" shares opinions, the movie deserves viewing due to complexity and Sebastien Lifshitz gives a story.
