Iokai Monsters: Spook Varfare (Iokai daisenso, 2005) a film about "iokai" or traditional Japanese "monsters" of folklore. Alternatively, it is known as the Great Monster War or Ghosts on a parade. Iokai's first rates include a kettle freak, kappa water imp, live "brewer", a woman whose tits can grow extremely gigantic, a woman with another face on the back, a dwarf priest with a huge wick-like wick, and so on . These kinds of strange monsters come from not only fairy tale, but also from fairy tales. from the kind of summer party in Tokugawa Era, which can be compared to today's houses with haunted Halloween, or "freaks" of past years, but with only false fakes. Ghosts and monsters with a goldfish and one-head umbrella were pushed to create "wintertime" during the hot months. Female Fašek and such were created by tricks or illusions, based on the monsters depicted in medieval wires; And if their design for the movie is a little simple, it makes them even more representative of what has been historically reconstructed for summer winters. These pretty dear monsters have to face and destroy the ancient Babylonian demon of the vampire who came to Japan and dressed up in a Samurai master. Despite the fact that some of the Japanese apparitions are a bit silly, and too many bones are more than masks, even without moving the lips as they speak, everything is playing very poker and it's very charming. It has some beautiful cinema, as it would have been in the CGI film of the same decade. Seen in the right mood or with real friends, it's exciting, moving and touching. Ioshiiuki Kuroda was directed by the famous Lone Wolf & Cub: Take Heaven & Hell (1974) and was a special FKS director for the excellent Daimajin trilogy. The Iokai Monsters series is not the same as Majina at its best, but Iokai are still very entertaining. The first film is the film most focused on the children of his family films, and GOZU & IZOO is consistently more serious, although it is not exaggerated for young viewers.
