What an unusual beautiful, though sometimes small and bulky, big budget fantasy. Takashi Miike has already proved, by the time he arrived in the Great Iokhai War, he could immerse himself in other films, apart from his alleged niche of crime / Jacuzzi genre (Visitor K and Andromedia showed it, the former big, the other smaller). But here, Miike, in his first and only text, proved nothing less that he could deliver goods to the postmodern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, and with it CGI, the effects of creativity and makeup, and an epic battle that is more like a "festival" than something The Lord of the Rings. Comparisons can be made far and wide, to be sure, and most obviously would be Miiazaki, for a seemingly unique blend of children-great heroes, a hungry power wizard looking for the energy of the Earth as the main source, machinery as the greatest evil, and many bizarrely defined, radiantly designed creatures (or Iokai of the title). But there are also comparisons from Star Wars, especially with Gungan's battle in TPM, and with the whole game of power between good and evil with similar forces. Or for anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, for Henson's films. And through all these comparisons, and even through shortcomings or overcoming moments, Miike is on the move with the sensibility of effects and characters. Here, Riunosuke Kamiki plays Tadashi, a prototype kid who begins somehow gullible and sensitive to things in the world, but will become a hero in a world that goes into darkness. The darkness is from the evil wizard, who receives his energy from all the rage and poor vibrations in the human world, and which also begins to kill spirits and other creatures, Iokhai, in the fire that sends them into gigantic robots that have only one mission - to destroy and They kill everything on their way. Tadashi is struggling to fight the Sato wizard as Iokai, who is Sato's main footballer and cohort, Agi (Kill Bill Chiaki Kuriiama, another big criminal) steals Tadashi's little fur coat, Sunekosuriya. Soon, things come to grips, at a peak that resembles many other fantasy movies and stories, but they can be contained, to some extent, from Miike and his crew. I would probably recommend the Great Iokai War for Children, but note that there is no frozen fantasy in American circles. This has abundant creatures, including a single umbrella, and a walking wall, saying not to mention a turtle, a fiery snake and a woman who got cursed by Sato. Hence, the diversity is high at that region, and can almost be felt as creatures and effects - which grow to incalculable heights when the "festival" hits Iokai reaching hundreds of miles. But there is a sense of fantasy that is strong in the light and in the dark, and Sunekosuri becomes perhaps the greatest emotional tool at Miike's disposal (and not just because it is square); where else to raise the audience, but through a small furry ball, which ends in a tragic battle with Tadashi in the form of a robot? Nevertheless, through all this, there is also the sense of anarchy that can be found in the brightest places in Miike's career, which distinguishes it from animated, Muppet and science-fiction colleagues. There is bizarre humor as usual, including a song dedicated to Akuzi Beetles at the key moment in the climax, and for more than a few years, a fane with creatures and martial arts (I liked, for example, a guy with a big blue head, who must be smaller, or anxiety turtle-Iokai). The greatest danger with Miike's approach to the greater special effects and computer sorcery, with which he flirts, is exaggerated. I'm sure he dropped everything with the storeroards, and some of the compositions create unforgettable impressions (one of them is when everything is said and done, and Tadashi and the 'other' human character are in the middle of Tokyo's ruins in a shooting above the head), but CGI is sometimes a bit inconsistent with robots, and skins for interaction are too glittering, and some images, such as the Iokai layer that spread the word about a big festival on the map, seem to be weak and pat. I was almost wondering if Miike, honestly, could have plunged into (poor) spy children. But this responsibility aside, the Great Iokai War provides more than a part of excitement, stupid excitement and innocent melodrama, came with many of the best fantasies from childhood. He owes a lot to the cinema as well as the traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws always turn around even in his funniest and cheerful confusing rhythms. This is not the best film maker, but working in an experiment on a commercial medium ends up in his favor. He has a neat message, and lots of cold adventures. 7.5 / 10
