Carefully approach movies about animal animals. For every great person like Babe, you get an equally poor person like the awesome remake of Homevard Bound: The Incredible Journei. Or in the case of Cats & Dogs, you have a great idea for a movie that does not meet your potential. When I heard about Poland, the assumption of a wise parrot did not really fill me with confidence. But the film was a pleasant surprise. And it manages to get into your heart without you knowing it. Ruski domar, Misha Viljenkov (Toni Shaloub) gets a job in a research laboratory. One day he sings out of the basement. And when she explores, she finds a parrot in a cage that sings her little heart. Masha becomes fascinated by the bird, especially when it turns out that the parrot can not just sing, but can speak. And not just a few phrases. It's a parrot with which you can talk. Papagay is called Paulie (Jai Mohr expressed it) and recognizes his colleague in the Misha. I wonder how this world of the wise bird ended up in a dusty basement, Misha persuaded Polly to tell him his life story. It all started when she was a baby, and on the care of Marie, a five year old girl with stuttering. The two of them became bird feathers (OK, a bad game!) When Mary's parents became concerned about her close friendship with the bird, they thought they would drown him. And they finally did it after Marie was almost hurt in the autumn after she taught Paulie to fly. Desperately wanting to meet again, Pole begins a long journey through America, which includes a diverse number of new owners, long distance flights, and even ends behind bars. It's a cage! Paulie was one of many Animal Films released by DreamVorks in the late '90s. And although the same acknowledgment or success of Babe was not available, Paulie succeeds on several levels, and this is the occasional work of impressive intelligence. Jai Mohr's acting style is very suitable for the role of Paulie. He never plays the role of being too complacent, even if he is clever Aleck. Paulie is world-class, but he's naive in his own way. Because he lived a fairly protected life with Marie, when taken away, he must defend himself for the first time. And when he falls into the hands of different owners, they promise Paulie to re-connect him with Marie, which he believes. Only for these promises that are constantly being repeated. Paulie is, however, a little episodic. He follows the eclectic people with whom Paulie ends and how he slowly approaches and approaches Marie. He first throws himself to the pawnshop, where he is adopted by Ivi (Gena Rovlands), a kind woman who teaches him the meaning of manners. She sympathizes with Paulie's situation, and drives RV across America to find Marie. Paulie is occasionally a very touching movie. His scenes with the Iwi are some of the best. Wonderful moments Paulie sitting on her shoulder singing Tom Jones numbers. The way it introduces it to the need for hope is excellent, and some of the dialogues are pretty well written and even cause you to think: "There are things in life that you postpone, because you think that you are But the real thing you Ajvi taught me that you have to live as if it might not be later. The scene in which Ivi dies on the road leaving Paulie alone is a moment of heart. And the sequence in which he is gathering the courage to fly for the first time through the Grand Canyon, gloriously gliding, is such a nicely composed scene that stays with you for hours after the end Paulie is in the group of parrots in a Spanish restaurant in the open air Animatronic effects are really great because four birds make a perfectly choreographed dance number Paulie even has a romantic breakthrough when he falls with a petty thief (played by Mohr) This is perhaps the only complaint I have As soon as you meet with one situation, the film then moves Paulie to the other. The scene in which Paulie learns to steal money at ATMs is ridiculous , but also a little disturbing. I'm amazed that DreamVorks got the chance to incorporate such a scene into a children's movie. And Paulie's diamond robbery is a very impossible mission. He was caught in the act and sent to the animal testing laboratory since he remained. The story finally comes round in the lab, where Misha promises to help Paulie. Of course they found Marie. But the final discovery is a scene of such a shocking intensity that I was stiff for a few minutes. Paulie may never get the longevity that Babe has, but I believe it's an equally brilliant film. The same laughs. Same flawless effects. And the same amazing intelligence. Little gem.
