Many people hang on to this movie as a "children's movie", and that's certainly true, although it's made for adults. Takashi Miike uses a fantasy genre, especially a genre of childhood fantasies, as a springboard in the wild territory that is the Great Iokai War. Setting up is simply a boy chosen to play the "hero" at this year's annual festival, just to discover his role is much more realistic than he could have imagined. What follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, cumbersome and often ridiculous journey through the world of Japanese folklore, but wait for there to be a wicked criminal on the lost who wants to destroy the world. However, the criminal here is not only a demon, he is a demonic spirit piling up anger over those things that people "use" and "reject." Using chamber made of pure liquid hatred / anger, a villain turns vivid colorful Iokai spirits in soulless desetostepene improvised robots chainsaw hands and eyes like burning coal (those who played a video game, Sonic The Hedghog, you may remember a certain Dr. Robotnik done similar procedures to sweet and lubricants that Sonic had to "free" then). The hero in this movie is actually the most interesting character, essentially playing the true man, the world that suddenly crazed. Although it goes through a typical probe hero, he more often than not covers, and many themselves Ioki, which look really helpless against killer robots, some ghosts are umbrellas with eyes, walls talking or creatures whose soul in the life course, in this magical In the world of Miike's Iokai war, even the beans take the magic power when they believe in them. In many ways this film undermines the normal convention of childhood fantasy, only a few, if any, the characters are heroic, their victory is a combination of randomness, almost arbitrary faith and desire for the party. The Iokai spirits merely gather together and lay siege to the wanderers of the villains, as they have eradicated the end of the world invasion of the Earth for the great Iokai festival, and even then only for dance and fun. Also, the film does not end with the usual festive wells that end good fantasy ending, but the final scene, which shows that our heroes are older, to work for the adults, who now can not see Iokai ghosts of his youth, which is then disgusting pay a criminal, who as a spirit can never die. This ending, with its Iokai spirit spilling on the image of Pokemon's Pikachu, warns us not only to leave behind our childhood, but also the horror of excessive consumption. Zlikovac is a resentment because people no longer have respect for the world and objects around them (in Japanese folklore almost every subject has a kind of spirit), and when used and rejected as we do without respect in consumer societies, they become soulless revenge machines, unlike those seen in modern video games, which suggests that even though our imagination and myths never die, but they can be deformed. This is one of the first scripts that Miike has contributed to, and I believe it shows, because it is a conceptual tension that is sometimes mixed under the carpet because of its richness for visual play. Although I was mainly focused on the story (since it seems that many users here to write), I want to say that the visual Kaleidescope CGI, stop motion, costumes and live puppetry, which works extremely well. The film has dreaming quality, and Miiazaki comparisons are justified, as does NeverEnding Story and Labrinth Comparisons, although this film is sharper and more mature than both. Iokai were beaten, cruel and turned into machines live hate, that I believe even kill a few people, deformed aborted calf with a man's face is born and dies in the film grotesque opening, while sexual background, a woman with a long neck licking the face of our hero , or some other character persistent memory that touches the thigh of a young, scantily clad water spirit as a boy, it seems to linger too long for most Western tastes, especially when you take into account that this is a "children's film". However, they are small enough to capture the attention of adults while they are small enough and not to traumatize any children. Grims' fairytales, before revisions, made much worse, much more often. All this is yet another of Miike's most favorite and most attractive projects, with enough visual drama and great performance (Iokai ghosts have humanism and absurd humor for them, it's funny sometimes) to attract the audience of all age, and constant conceptual underwater power that is strong enough to attract an adult audience who has probably brought their children out of a sense of nostalgia for long lost fantasy films of their youth. This second group seems to be turning to the boldest requirement not to only go on passively consuming the world around you, but to show respect to those in them who seemed to be much closer to reality in childhood. Another beautiful, fun and truly original ghost of an exciting director who has not come close to his peak. Instant classic.
