Fantastic show and unrealized classic; The ghost league remains one of the greatest modern comedies of modern times. With a dark and bizarre style of humor that fills over the tired, formal approach of his inferior, but unfortunately the far-reaching successor, Little Britain, The League of Gentlemen is really something special in a pretty peaceful era in British comedy. Until he arrived on the scene, there had never been anything like The League of Gentlemen before. At first glance, apparently a simple sketch, the show is soon revealed as a vibrant, evil, but incredibly funny universe inhabited with all sorts of great comedic creations. What really sets the show apart from its rivals, it's an approach to tell us your story. Instead of using re-hexagonal sketches, we can hardly distinguish ourselves from the following, here we see that each individual or group of characters pass through their different journeys and storylines. No visit to them is the same, and every time we surprise us with surprise. Gradually, over three series and Christmas specialties, the fictional city of Royston Vasei is still excited with grotesque. hilarious population. And this is probably the main reason why the show is so happy to watch (and why the show could easily earn more series). the character has started his course and has the opportunity to deal with it. Several favorite fans, who could easily entertain themselves, leaned forward before the series came to an end, giving space to colleagues to grow more, or to allow the introduction of new inhabitants Royston Vase to make their mark. Another thing that puts this show above others is that the writing team approaches the process of the script carefully and intelligently. As already mentioned, all four League members have a healthy mind when it comes to judging the longevity of their creations, and when it's time to call it abandoned in relation to certain characters. This awareness also meant that the Gospel Alliance was going through a brave evolution, which is not usually seen in the representation of this nature. Narrative, and much darker third series is a brave step away from the first two series based on the drawings and this courageous move of the League is truly worth it. With the third series, it is less urgent to satisfy the audience, and as a Christmas specialty, they follow individual stories with a clear narration, unlike previous series based on sketches that (successfully) linked the various sets of Sketches in a series of long stories. The third series is a refreshing change in style, as well as a real delicacy for fans who have already seen the first two. Despite the polarized thinking about the third series, every true fan of the League will appreciate what a third series can offer, as well as really enjoying more characteristic episodes, which only penetrate deeper into fan fans but evolve and interconnect. wine characters who may not have crossed the path before. It may take a few attempts to get into style change, but it's definitely worth it, and in my opinion, the third series is the best and also provides a solid conclusion for the series. Emissions are not without flaws, and very often some characters and sets appear somewhat unreasonable, but mostly, ingenious writing, the dark nature of the performance and a lot of great characters (who are often too close to real life) make a real treat and prove what a comedy should be and puts on a much more recent, captured expression and often desperate attempts of a comedy of shame
