I can not believe that ten years have passed since this show was first broadcast on television and delighted the audience with its unique mix of comedy and horror. This is a show that bore a good deal of modern British humor: House of Terrible's Horrible; Garth Marenghi's Darkplace; Mighti Boosh; Snuff Bok. Many mimicked the style of this show, and I do not deny that some have exceeded its quality. But Jermi Dison deserves to remember him because he started a trend, with actors Mark Gatis, Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith. Together they created Roiston Vasei, a villain small town in the idyllic village of England, where tourists do not doubt, and passers-by encounter an obsessive couple who wants to keep the city local and free from aliens; where the unemployed are abused and insulted in the employment center; where a farmer uses the right people like scarecrows; where a veterinarian kills all the animals he is trying to cure; where the Gypsy circus kidnaps people; and where the butcher adds something secret, but irresistibly for food to attract people. This is just the smell of what a viewer can find in the gentleman's league. By themselves, three actors give birth to dozens and dozens of unique characters. Makeup and prosthetics are so good that I actually thought I was seeing many more actors in the show than they were. But it is also a great act: the way in which their voices and the movement of their bodies change, they really become other people. Most of the jokes begin with something ordinary, from real life, and then it breaks into something disturbing, sometimes painful. Sometimes it is a pure horror without asking, as in the character of Pope Lazarus. Imagine the dreadful owner of a circus on make-up that crashes into someone's house and kidnaps women to be his wife. No explanation. It's so creepy. There are also a number of references to horror films: Se7en, Silence of the Lamb, Nosferatu, Exorcist, etc. The fans of horror will worship him, fans of comedy will adore him. As every traveler knows, there is a sign that says 'Welcome to Roiston Vase: You Will Never Leave'. Every viewer who shows this chance will agree. Once you discover the gentlemen, you will never want anything else, you will never forget it.
