This is probably the best TV show I've ever seen. The first time I saw him at Central Comedy a few years ago. At that time, I was not aware that it was dramatically arranged and that it was shown out of order, and that I was just watching all three series in a row and unregistered (thank you the internet and your wonderful "pipe line"). ! I think the Comedi Central somehow chose and chose its way through the series one and two to make the "season" ...... and I tried to get friends and family to watch it, but nobody really liked it (I need it) New Friends). So, I did the best I could. Even when I felt as if it had dropped a little, I still felt compelled to continue watching. For years after I discovered the United Kingdom, I immediately recognized Pauline from LoG as having influenced Marjorie to Fat Fighters. Also, I like the idea of ​​the writers who play the whole show .... (not new, but done perfectly here). LB has nothing on LoG! (No offense, Matt & David .... I love you)! This is a really dark comedy piece of genius. Serial murder, including cannibalism ... you call it and it's probably in this wonderful, unique piece of TV art. First-scene location recordings are cold and seem to invite you to the city of Royston Vase ... You will never leave! I think my favorite character should be Tubbs, but every character that is shown has its "charm". My least favorite was Papa Lazarous, that was until he appeared again in a series of three (smart and completely unexpected)! It's best to watch a few episodes in sequence because it runs continuity and as I've already said, it becomes so impressive (while I refuse) that you really can not stop watching. This is not for those with weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandmothers (unless you have one nasty grandmother)! I always loved British television, especially comedy, from Monti Pithon to Benni Hill, Red Dwarf to maintain looks, Absoluteli Fabulous and the British originals Coupling and The Office (but not their American counterparts ... I'm sorry) . This is unlike any of those in that it completely overlaps the line between what is ridiculous and what is just sick and distorted. Nothing, NOTHING on US television has ever come near this level of entertainment. Television in the United States is so sad and miserable that I can hardly watch any of it. It's a little sad that even our cable channels do not have the courage to show the raw versions of this gem (your loss, Comedi Central). Fortunately, there are such shows coming from "over the lake" that buy up the entire medium of every decade. The basic cable in the US over the past few years has taken small steps in the reliable "line-crossing" with more graphic sexual content, the use of drugs and adult language, but they are still years away from just deciding to be adults about showing real life, adult behavior (instead of just obsession by killing and burning things, sheesh, it's like the same basic format for the last 35 years)! I do not even start with American comedies! Losing time and a lot of lost money ... did you know that "for Jim" for ten years on the show? 10 YEARS?? In any case ... Take a look at this show, take it on a DVD, do what you must, and then let your friends look the same! You never saw anything like that. There are three specialties I have not yet watched ... I save them to spring my best friend the next time he visits. He will look after them, even if I have to tie him up and paint him with Feces! Lines, lines and lines! Keep in mind that the series three goes from one and two .... a bigger city as if it falls to concentrate on newer characters, the trail of laughter is gone (thank you hell), the theme is more band and less orchestra, and the little story goes on outside Roiston Vasei. Do not throw anything from it, because at the end of the series, she kept a quiet perversion that first appeared in the series one and two. I think these four guys have created something indeterminate. Brilliant, confident and absolutely crazy. You will want to look at it again and again. It's incredible that in 5 seconds the screens can pass from a low-cost view to an intimidating blasphemy, and then end up with a facial expression in the close-up of an actor. If I ever met one of the writers / artists, I would ask them not to reconstruct it or try to write it ... I would just say, "May I help you at all?" (Then they would probably scoff me, so I'd ask them to sign the slap)! 10 of 10
