What do you get if you cross the Matrix with Truman's show? I'm sure you've already seen Matrix. Matrix creators say "anime is inspired." Just looking at the trailer for this classic, you can see where they made the action. The film was somehow set up in Japan in the 1980s, and it really shows. Costumes, music and words (in a recent version of English by Vision) are all as if they were directly raised from the era. I believe that this was done at that time, but due to certain points, this is not the date of the film! As you probably guessed by referring to the Matrix, the world is not real. It's not about the Eighties. In fact, it's more than 2480 years old. After the nuclear war, the Earth's ecosystem (or "Biosphere Prime") was destroyed. We survived forced to escape into the universe, where the conflict continued. When all the planets (or "Biosphere") were abandoned, people began to live in MegaZonas - cities within the spaceships, where, through the techniques of hypnotism and Truman's sho, they were convinced that they were back on earth, in the smallest time in a newer memory ... eighties. When young Shogo gets a mysterious engine in an advanced look, it tells him to find out more than he should know ... Garland (a bicycle that becomes a mechanic), a weapon of the 2400s, helps Shog in his escape from the pursuit of a military. As more and more revealing about the MegaZone, the war is approaching home, and because of the conflict between the army and the computer, the war also comes to MegaZone ... I apologize if these points are seen as spoilers, but in that movie basically a plot . Emotions are in this movie high, more than The Matrix. You really believe that the war continues, and Shogo really becomes a scar from what it reveals. What starts as an uber-happy cool of the 80's, becomes a tragic story of war and unreality. These characters are real people, not cardboard cutouts that we have seen turning around a bullet in the matrix. There really is a feeling that people who suffer can go through it after being caught up in such a conspiracy and war. He can only choke you to the end ... I know he did it. The animation is quite impressive for her day, and the quality of the image on the ADVision DVD is incredible because of her age. The style of work is beautiful and it resembles traditional anime, very cultural. Be prepared for a lot of violence and blood, there is an erotic sexual scene. The end can be considered 'can not be end', similar to the Matrix, or, allegedly, may follow a continuation that I have not yet had the pleasure to watch. I must say that this is one of the best anime I've seen, in fact, one of the best. the films I have seen, and many consider it one of the greatest animes of all time. I need to recommend ADVision DVD, because their recording of the English language is incredible, and the movie Pravda, and can be purchased with artbok to hold two sequences when they are released, which will have the same vocal composition. All in all, MegaZone 23 is an incredible movie and deserves to be maintained high, and it should be essential in every collection of fan anime. Even my mother enjoyed it.
