This film looks a bit reminiscent of the German film "NEVERENDING STORY" because the child is magically transmitted to some strange land to be a hero. However, thanks to much superior modern technology, dolls and CGIs are used to create an incredibly realistic world - one that will splatter your stockings for your realism and scope. I enjoyed this movie, but the boy was initially a task! Unfortunately, for most Westerners, this movie is one of which you can quickly give up or throw it away because everything in the movie seems so strange. However, give her a chance. Do not think or try to understand everything you see - just let the story unfold and you will most likely enjoy the movie. In many ways, it's just such advice given to adults who watch Miiazaki's SPIRITED AVAI because it is very similar and has the tone of Iokai (Japanese mythological ghosts). The big differences between them are that the BIG IOKAI VAR was live and SPIRITED AVAI is much more suited to children. Although I think the BIG IOKAI VAR was intended mainly for a children's movie, in the US, most parents would not want to show this to younger children because it is so violent, scary and has some adult behavior. So who is the audience in the West? Well, older children and adults who appreciate foreign movies with non-Western themes and compositions. This is a pretty narrow audience, really! While looking, look for all the weird little things. In fact, you can watch the movie a dozen times and every time you notice a variety of tiny things. A few funny references that I liked are a commentary on Gamer, the scene that came with the commentary "KIDS: Do not try this at home", and the use of Kirin Beer to allow a person to really see Iokai (hmm, ... maybe that's the scene also contained this warning)! By the way, director Takashi Miike is hard to agree on stylishly, except that he says that none of his stories I've seen seemed to be "normal". Some of his films are quite disgusting and disturbing, and I hated them (especially AUDITION and ICHI THE KILLER), while some of them are magical and among the best films I've ever seen (GETS CATAKURISM). One thing is certain, it is difficult to watch one of his films and have no strong reaction in one way or another.
