Simon Pegg plays the role of Sydney Young, a young entertainment writer who began writing his career for a magazine based on local topics and who specializes in the filling of the shallowness and superficiality of the rich and famous. He makes a career of celebrities, although he has a desperate desire to be a person. The film is based on the very bizarre career of Tobiah Iounga, who also led a small magazine in Britain called Modern Reviev, who offered sharp criticism of all that could be imagined, until he closed the magazine in the form of verbal bullets with his own person. -Iditor, and then went to a spectacularly unsuccessful career as a writer for Vanity Fair, which is largely part of his life told in this film. At first he is thrilled to be working in a large publication (called Sharp's Magazine in the film), and despite active nerves, he feels positive on the first day. He met the editor-in-chief, Claiton Harding (starring Jeff Bridges), who is as firm as nails, but who is also the editor of what he should be for nonsense like Young to keep his job in the magazine. He offers little in the form of direct acceptance of Ioung, but he also has what can be described only as a liberal tolerance towards Ioung's off-the-vall antics and inappropriate behavior. Much of the comedy in the film stems from Ioul's misunderstanding or indifference toward the generally accepted code of conduct for the public and a distinctive label that refers to the rich and famous. But Sydney's reasons for acting in such a strange way and for giving offensive offensive interviews is because he believes he hates the entire culture of the celebrity and seems to be believed in this ancient dictum? "If you can not beat them, join them and then beat them." Complicated things are two very different women. Olsen (Kirsten Dunst), who was at first scorned by Sidney's apparent arrogant and feminine ways, and the stunning model Sophie (Megan Fok), which represents the culture of the celebrity. Sophie, she looks like a star. Sophie is astoundingly beautiful, that's true, but also encounters that no thought is squeaking around in her head. is not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes her the right person, and the relationship with her would have the whole reality of the Britney Spears marriage, yet the film retains a degree of conviction because, despite this obvious, we also feel Sidney's pain in that It is not persecuted (I felt it already). H Lose friends and alienate people has a rather interesting premise and is full of honest, satisfying performances, and even though it turns into a standard romantic comedy, it has a number of well-developed and interesting characters. Danny Huston, for example, gives us an excellent performance like Alison's second love interest, which honors The Big Lebowski (also plays Bridges) with his always present Wit Russian, one of my favorite drinks. Buying Apsolut and Kahlu here in China costs the equivalent of about $ 350, but my kitchen is never without them. I'm looking forward to the day when Simon Pegg will split a bit, because I love his films, but I'm totally unsure of his reach. He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but only serious about the insanity that surrounded him, and eventually returned to being alone again, which was pretty much in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boi, Run, and now How to lose friends. He is a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else he can do.
