Sidney Ioung (Pegg) moves from England to New York to work for the popular Sharpe magazine in the hope of living his lifestyle, but is struggling to leave a lasting impression. Based on Tobi Young's book on Survival in American Business, this comedy drama has received mixed views from criticism. Marked as inconsistently ridiculous, but with the charm of actors, how to lose friends seemed like running mill fish from the pond to entertain themselves in another cultural comedy, but not. This 2008 picture works for actors and simple, but sharp stories. We begin in the past, then in the present and we are working our way forward to see how Young made his mark in one of the top US magazines. Pegg (Hot Fuzz) is too cute for words. Whether hitting zombies with a bat in cricket or showing his assistant in the nature of the law, the English actor brings the charm and bright heart to every scene. Here, when the script is good, but far from its own standards, it brings a large amount of energy to the picture and it's only worth watching. His foolishness with "Babe 3" is unforgivable, easy to take away breath, as well as his exuberant dance, but he extracts it greatly. Bridges and Anderson well display stereotypical chiefs of magazines in which Dunst fits well with a confused love interest. Megan Fox, who steals the Transformers, remembers everything that can work here with a funny hyperbolic stereotypical movie star. The fact that her character Sophie Miles plays in the image of Mother Teresa is just as funny as her characters in the pool. To emphasize the point here is the dog, and Pegg rounds it up in a true British comedy, with a big little twist. Although the British film there is an adaptation of the American lifestyle for young people while trying to fit in and we can see the different approaches they are talking about. Young people want to compare the right-wing with American professionalism. The inclusion of modern tabloid stars will soon make this film dated, but the concept of film star exploitation gives this advantage. Veide's first picture is not perfect. There are concentrations, because the shop becomes too soggy with an unusual apparent twist and has too many signs that are necessary. Physical comedy can also be exaggerated. As a side note, the DVDs on the DVD are some of the best that you'll ever see, which are almost half an hour long. This comedic drama has Simon Pegg on a brilliant pattern and collectively. access to stories is a story and a sharp comedy, it's worth watching.
