For months I have been rejoicing "How to lose friends and alienate people," especially because of the fact that Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg played a major role. Simon Pegg is a comic genius, and Kirsten Dunst has always been my favorite actress. How to lose friends and get rid of people! Of course it is not perfect, but very pleasant and fun. How to lose friends and alienate People follow the life of Sidney Yang, a little boom-British journalist, who is hired by a magazine in New York. In a spectacular way, Sidney enters high society and burns bridges with bosses, peers, and superstars. After interrupting an event of a black tie allowing wild boars to flee, Sidney draws attention to Claiton Harding, editor of Sharp, and accepts a job in a magazine in Nev Iork. Clayton warns Sidney to better impress and charm anyone he can, if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney immediately offends and annoys the fellow writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). She dares to target the stars of the powerful public Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also upsets his direct head, Lavrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to bother almost anyone. His salvation grace, the rising starry Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), who develops a strange love for him. Over time, Allison's friendship can be the only thing that Sydney rescues from his spiral career. The story is very interesting and the acting was superior to what the actors got. Simon Pegg is still hilarious! He makes Sidney's rude, disgusting, and boring real, but later over time, making Sidney not only a sympathetic, but also a true character for whom you will eventually go. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were great! Kirsten had some very wonderful acting and hilarious scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff f * cking Bridges! How do you not love him ?! He makes Claiton a very witty character, with some humorous spirit and in general you just love that guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were great as auxiliary actors. Each of them had her own personality, which was quite unacceptable, but it just made a movie. One thing I did not enjoy was that some of the characters were one-dimensional. I understand that the majority were an auxiliary actor, but some of the actors were underutilized and could give the film even more spices. How to lose friends and alienate People will never be in any of the top ten films ever, or even the top 10 comedies ever, but have a very high level of entertainment and some scenes can even charm you. How to lose friends and free people is definitely one of the better romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
