We watched this film for the first time during the festival of new Argentine films in 2000 at Valter Reade. Although we liked it, we did not think it was extraordinary. Looking at him for the second time, we found a different meaning in this regard to life in Buenos Aires. The film takes place in one of the darkest days in Argentina, when the DeLaRu administration has been completed. The country was in turmoil after the economy, which bloomed earlier in the 1990s, under the artificial climate created by President Menen. It was a time when bank accounts in dollars were frozen and people started to live a nightmare. The story starts just like Santamarina, a bank employee, fired because of a collapse of the economy. Instead of receiving her husband, she throws him out of the apartment, and he, for all practical reasons, becomes a homeless person. He goes to the streets trying to end the end. The second story introduces us to Ariel, a young Jew who interviews a Spanish company. It's almost a miracle to get a job. His father, Simon, owns a small restaurant in the Jewish quarter "El Once" in the city center. Things go from bad to worse, when Ariel's mother suddenly dies. Only Estella, a young woman who is in love with Ariel, comes to help her father and son. Santamarina, a clean man, has to resort to showering wherever she can. He chose a woman's room in one of the metro stations. When an officer, Elsa, finds him naked, she becomes furious, but she feels when she understands the unfortunate circumstances of this man who saw better times. They become romantic, and Santamarina finds newborn in one of her journeys through street rubbish. Elsa, though surprised, wants to do the right thing. But Santamarina asserts that the purpose of innocent life in their lives is to strengthen their love. Ariel, who met the beautiful Laurent at work, begins a turbulent and difficult sexual affair with her beautiful worker, who is unknown to him, involved in a lesbian affair. Ariel, who releases spears by photographing weddings and other occasions, feels a passion for Laura, but he realizes what Estella sacrificed to help her father and still loves him. Daniel Burman, whose "El Abrazo" Partido "we thought was great, did wonders with this film. Things are put in the proper perspective after a recent review and we must apologize for not seeing it for the first time If nothing else, this second time, the shades of screenplay written by Mr. Burman and Emiliano Torres make more sense because they reflect the turmoil in the country that lived in those dark days. Daniel Hendler, who plays Ariel, he worked with Mr. Burman before he surprised the results is not a beautiful movie star, but it's handsome This actor is projecting immense sincerity in his work Enrikue Pineiro is another magnificent surprise His Santamarina is disarmed Despite all the bad things that fell on him, he holds a pink attitude towards everyone who is lucky. Stefania Sandrelli, an interesting Italian actress, makes a big contribution to the movie with her Elsa. Hector Alterio, one of the best Argentine actors, plays a small part of Simon. Beautiful Chiara Coselli is seen as Laura and Melina Petrielli appear as noble Estella. "Esperando al Mesias" proves that Daniel Burman is a voice in the Argentine cinema.
