One of the directors of Miike Takashi is the best. It's so good that it's hard to say words. Almost fifteen years older than the target audience, he thrilled me from start to finish. Recalls similar 1980s children's movies in the sense that (unlike today) these movies were not afraid to scare - there are many nasty details that I initially found in the race, but I soon he realized that he was nothing different to what I grew up to be. The film is a compilation of conventions on children's films from the '80s. You call it, there is: a young hero from his own unfortunate / dysfunctional world in another, inhabited by mythical and mystical goblins; search for the rescue of both worlds from evil forces; a beautiful heroine she falls in love with; Sadistic female (Go-Go Iubara from Kill Bill Vol. 1); a major criminal who draws his evil power from something that anyone in the world can relate to. But all these genre conventions get freshness and extra depth. One of the IMDb reviews begins "Where was this movie when I was a kid?" and that is the feeling I consciously agree with. Even while I watched him, I complained about the fact that I did not grow up on it; that it was not part of my childhood, such as the Labyrinth, the Masters of the Universe, and, to a lesser extent, Neverending Story. These films, as well as others like The Goonies, remember, but they have never been copied - Miike is constantly offering us new things. Bad CGI is an essential part of many of his films, sometimes due to budget constraints, but only as an often artistic choice - the desire to show things in an unusual way. Here CGI is mostly average, only because of budget constraints, but it does a fantastic job of setting up a spectacle. CG effects combine with traditional dolls, animatronics and truly extraordinary makeup that creates a world full of rich characters (and characterization) that often borders with visionaries. This is one of the biggest children's movies ever made. Not for younger or more sensitive children. Just wonderful. Take a look at it yourself and if you think your children can handle it / show it, then show them. Let them grow up in the Great Iokai War as a little compensation for the fact that you could not.
