EACH IN TIME, there were different types of films. These different films co-exist, although each one has something else to offer ... This seems obvious at first glance, but I thought I would emphasize it during this review, because it looks like a few people he can forget. This is just a fun movie for fans of Pavarotti. That is all. He does not claim that anything else or anything is greater. People who mock him as something that did not fulfill their promise do not see the whole picture - literally. After all, Hollivood makes a movie all the time that are shameless cars for people (Bodiguard or The Preacher's Vife with Vhitnei Houston are two examples that come to your mind.) First I would like to pay attention to film as a vehicle for Pavarotta. There are worse things in this world ... and worse movies. Singing is fantastic and the choice of aria is fun. The film begins with Schubert's Ave Maria and then with Leoncavall's Matinat. Pav sings arias from Gioconda, Manon Lescaut and Turandot, but also sings popular music like "I left my heart in San Francisco" and a song nominated for the Oscars and the Golden Globe, "If We Were In Love", the music of John Villiams & lirics by Alan & Marilin Bergman - all three previous Oscar winners. The story is not so bad. It's made for Pavarotta, so of course there will not be anything that is deeply or universally applicable to average movie viewers. It's a story about a famous opera singer who was traumatized by a bad night in the opera. When asked to sing again in the same place, "MET" in New York, he lost his voice of fear. Doctor Pamela (or Pah-Maja-lah in Italian :), played by Kathryn Harrold- gives him a chance to heal his psychosomatic reaction. He offers her a chance to fight with him and she accepts it reluctantly. They engage in an affair, she knows that she is married and promises that she will not fall in love with him and she thinks she will be just another woman. In spite of all this, they fall in love (then the song, "If we fall in love") and with her help, he overcomes his fear and returns to MET, where he triumphs. I will not say how it ends, but it's pretty predictable. Which is not always a bad thing. The performance in this is not so bad. Pavarotti (played by Giorgio Fini) is not an actor, so if you expect Spencer Traci or Tom Hanks to perform, you are deceived, not Pavarotti. He knows he's not an actor. What he is sweet, charming and charismatic. He's having fun, and if you can have fun, it's not that bad. One funny line is when Pameli (Harrold) says that "it's a thirsty plant, Fini can get you drunk!" and of course, she says: "I do not want to Fine Bay me!" Kathrin Harrold is very cute and does a good job as a half-tired woman who teaches this extravagant man to live a little. One of my favorite lines in the movie is: "Life must never be life size." And there is Eddie Albert, who performs his usual job as Finney manager. There are several "self" humor of true conductors, singers, etc. And it was filmed at the Metropolitan Opera in Lincoln Center. If you love opera, if you love Pavarotti, or if you can just sit back and enjoy the "little throw" as he suggests in the movie - then you can enjoy this movie for what it is. I know I am - every time. :) <br /> <br />
