Also known as the Great Spook Var. The big Iokai war is Miike's attempt at a family film and a damn good job that he does. The problem is that I can not imagine that many parents want to subject their children to this film. The best children's movies are those that are scary or have a slightly disturbing picture, which is bothering you Neverending Story and Return to Oz, but in the case of the Great Iowa War, Miike probably takes things too far. In fact, I was on the screening with the person who represented the movie, repeating it to two families that it probably is not very convenient. The film begins with a young hero piece that presents and explains about his current family problems. This short mundaneity is sharply broken as a cow produces a calf with the face of a man screaming that something terrible comes before he falls dead as it is horrible (it is quite possible that the pure abomination of creatures is something of a strange Quatian respect). After an incredible introduction to the main badi Kata and his assistant Agi (surprisingly attractive Chiaki Kuriiami), through the apocalyptic raising of the army. The story goes back to normal for some time, but it does not take long before all the logic goes down into the water and the young team merges with the Miiazaki group that refuses to perform the evil wizard. <br /> <br The film's action is pretty basic and sometimes surprisingly exhausted, the entire chosen person looks quite unwise in a movie that regularly breaks down the clichés, but it helps a simple vision of the magical world. This is really a Miiazaki movie that was filmed in a live action movie, although it's much stronger and more dangerous than the usual Miiazaki movie. The film is simply a joy to watch the design of Iokai is vibrant, and practically practically, while the evil robotic monstrosity, until they show the best CGI in the world, have practicality and danger for them that gives them much more tangible threats than what could you imagine. they are equally excellent, they just make their characters look perfectly natural, which is commendable when considering that most of them are in full body or latex dressing. Even Agi was embroiled in a funny hive that appeared sporadically and deadly thanks to the surprisingly great acting of the Kuriai. While the film has many elements that put it firmly on the territory of the family film; cute creatures, junior heroes, a totally evil villain, a sense of evil and adventure, and an obvious lack of violence. There are elements that question you whether Miike should direct such a film. Robotic Army is a truly terrifying threat of everyday things distorted in monstrous beasts that look like T-101 without skin and with additional motor testers. . These beasts split the characters into pieces; suck the creatures into the blood-slaughtered mouth, and take the children out of their homes by putting them under the nose of their parents before they leave the little patricide. Creating creatures is equally hard for young minds. Iokai, in essence heroes, is fed into a huge furnace full of liquidated forms of hatred that scorch the Iokai's flesh and compels their angry souls to own metal clutches. If the children thought they were tweaking Anakin, it was bad to wait until they saw a man of a size hedge that burns to death in a fire with melted hatred for a minute before it turned into a fever of a motorcycle. There is also a limb of limbs, in one case cut off a manual twitch in front of a dropping camera, a fair amount of sexual energy (Agi wears a dress designed specifically for the fan service and seems to be just sleeping with Kato as a motivation, while Princess Rivers carries almost nothing, and the young hero in several stages pulls the thigh, and the general humor will go over the heads of those for whom this technocolor of miracles seemingly is designed. Examples are that Iokai are only interested in the final battle when they think it's big The later fight more than f It's just a scene in which Agi is winning the tar of a sweet furry creature looks designed to like the masses that have flooded the pokemon. The final spoilers At the end of the day, the Great Iokai war it's easy Miike's stronger recent films, although he's missing some perverse charm to say Gozo or Ichi, he just keeps pushing the crowd down the path of general madness. In fact, it's simply Miike's most unusual movie in that he wholeheartedly accepts the magic topic of this subject. It's worth watching only for the casual flash Gogo ass.
