Raggedi Ann and Raggedi Andi THE MOVIE is about dolls that come to life when people are not there. In this adventure they have to save the kidnapped French Babette puppet from the pirate captain. On their way they travel through Deep Dark Voods, Taffy Pit, and even Loonei Land. Will the assistant of their new friend Camilla help them with wrinkled knees or slow them down with his hallucinations of his friends who leave him? How will he escape from Kookoo king and his supporters? What will their owner Marcel tell when he sees his 7th birthday gift with his other toys? Wonderful surprises are waiting for two adventurers. All grades are beyond possible 10: Story: 8 - Very sweet. The dolls that are alive when the master is not there. Not only because they come in many different places, but they are in the fictional world, so everything can happen. Getting to know new characters, going to different places, finding new friends, his big one. The characters all work so well in this and who does not like the pirate?! - Every character is so good for the voice. Specifically, Marlon Brando, an enemy of sweets, Pohlepa. The French doll has a very tense French accent, the evil Hitler-esquire king Kookoo (who has hair similar to Simpson's Sideshaw Bob) plays his role very well, and the sad old black voice for Camel works perfectly. Why was the old synchronized animation much better than the new one? Music: 10 - There is nothing less than perfection here. The songs have been in my head for years, and I've been watching them again 20 years later, I still remember each one of them and now I will be able to know exactly where those melodies come from. Joe Raposo from the fame of "Sesame Street" did a great job with songs for this and everyone is singing well. Edit: 6 - Heh, here it will be confusing. I mean, how many Raggedi walked? It seems that many events take place one after the other, and the WHO can not say that the dolls and toys are the same as you never see them in the real world of the movie, but follow some sort of road and you know that it will eventually be Go to a place where To leave, it's quite difficult to follow for a moment. Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unice, I would have to say that there are parts in both films and that I will never forget how hard I try. Mostly scary parts. I probably already mentioned that older films were much worse than today's animation, but this takes the cake in a terrible factor. Outside South Park and some Disney movies, there are almost no animated musicals, or good ones that go out so that it is unique. Worthy hunts to get a good copy of it safe, but VHS copies are probably all stretched so far. The DVD version is constantly being sold on Ebaiu and it will surely be something you will look at more than once. If you get anything for the needs of nostalgia. Overall score (not average): 8 - It's a wonderful, timeless music made in the late 70's and still can be enjoyed today. His characters are unique and the songs are great. It's so great that you'll hiss them again. Hug your favorite stuffed animal today! Auditor Insights (including bias): This is not like the Raggedi Ann TV series made ten years later. This was a much darker and more real world. The effects in this look look like many other cartoons from the seventies, especially the Yellow Submarine. Nevertheless, his memories I will never forget, and perhaps even today affect things. It was not easy to find, but it will remain forever in my DVD collection and videos.
