Oh, boy, God bless the seventies, we got some of the scariest movies that came out of that decade: Exorcist, Jams, Texas Motorcycle Massacre, Halloween Night, Raggedi Ann & Andi: Music Adventure. This film must be used to torture captured terrorists to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world, I mean seriously, this movie scared me. My sister had this film in her VHS collection and I was kinda curious about what a movie would make of a doll that came out of a great depression for children with very little pocket money. For God's sake? It's kinda strange how this film in 1970's Toi Stori is quite important, this is only a thousand times more scary, Disney's Alice in Wonderland went into the traveling of drugs for children. Whenever Marcella leaves the room, Raggedi Ann, together with her brother Raggedi Andy and the whole kindergarten filled with colorful toys, are reviving. On Marcell's birthday, a new doll, Babette, comes from Paris to France to the United States. Babet is a spoiled creature who is not aware that she is a doll, but friendly Raggedi Ann does everything she can to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate captain of the Contagious is kidnapped. Raggedi Ann and Andy started trying to save her before Marcella discovered that Babette was missing. In a world outside the kindergarten, the two meet with Camel with wrinkled knees, a blue chamomile that has been discarded by past owners and is now broken hearted and lonely. After Raggedi Ann and Andy connect with Camel, he begins to follow his hallucinations and does not look, crosses the edge of the cliff, in a deep pit. In this cave they encounter a Greedy, a ghastly chewy bunch of taffies that keeps on eating and is never full. Raggedi and Camel avoid being swallowed by Greedy and continue their journey to find Babette ?? and believe me, from this moment it becomes more weird. Although this film was certainly disturbing and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes for a lot of the movie, this was actually pretty creative. On the day we had a hand-drawn animation that made the movies more personal and that writers and animators focused on it, you can say that they did it with Raggedi Ann & Andi: A Musical Adventure. This was certainly not the worst movie I've ever seen, but I do not know anyone to recommend. As I was scared, I must admit I'm glad to watch it, sometimes you need "VTF!" a movie to spice up your choice, believe me when I say that Raggedi Ann did not have a problem to do just with me. Officially, this doll is simply creepy, just like this, there's a huge river of caramel that eats everything, a king whose head is getting bigger while laughing, a bizarre thing that humiliates Raggedi Ann and her brother, an unusually almost incest between Ann and Anda and a couple of naked dolls that will forever haunt my dreams with their songs. Iikes. 7/10
