I took a few glances to really get wrapped around this, but for me, Tears of Kali is one of the terrible events of the '80s, and as for an independent horror, a real masterpiece goes. Anthological horror takes over the story of the fictitious Tailor-Eriksson group, a cult based in India whose members have begun in search of ultimate self-knowledge and healing of the psyche, with unfavorable results that have been reverberating for years. With segments of bookend set in India, the film is made mainly of three stories located in Germany, illustrating the consequences of the Tailor-Eriksson Group, with some pretty nasty sometimes. It's an interesting setting of how these things go, but what distinguishes this movie is the way the images are so carefully set up to develop horror films. Bad things have gotten rid of, and the general course of the film is a look at how the search for self-knowledge and ultimate therapy brings horror to patients, healers and others, and the film is full of smart visual indications of the power of the dark forces about which the dark forces are unbridled in time , place or even personality. Good examples of this can be found in the first story, especially when it comes to a journalist interviewing a lady in a mental hospital. Before this story we saw Lars Erikson, and especially his uncomfortable (lazy?) Eye, we also see him curing or at least calming the patient. The lady mentally patient of the first story is seen in the same position as Eriksson healed the fellow patient, and while she wraps the canvas from the artistic class to lead her among her fellow patients, one of their pictures is seen, her face lying around like Eriksson. There are references to folks in small roles, add-ons and walks that have additional sensory perception of what is happening in the film, showing poor behavior that is spreading and can almost infect others. The film has more philosophy than just evil; the film is about death, suffering, and possible redemption, which is also bound in a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that seems to be exploitation, but it has more to do with real belief than can be expected (at least from the research that I worked on at Vikipedia). Scenarist / Director Andreas Marschall certainly deserves some significant credit for his skill in designing the film. In addition to being careful, the film is also pretty cool, Bharti India's soundtrack and Panama John have excellent piano piano jungle and a few notable performances, Michael Balaun as an evil doctor and Cora Chilcot as a weird patient Good. The third story also has a good turn from veteran Mathieu Carriere as a healer of faith. The film's biggest problem is that it's not a lot of time, so the potential for fear is losing, but these and several other performances are quite good at participating. So, the movie is not as attractive as it could be, occasionally it's pacing again, but I mostly thought it was pretty good, if the shades were less than the brightest possible. It's worth a look at the adventurous fans of horror.
