Where was this movie when I was little? After his parents were separated, Tadashi moved with his mother to live his grandfather. Tadashi's sister remains with her dad and often talks on the phone. Grandpa is just "here" every third day. Mom never really is home. Children are always thrown on a poor child. During the rural festival, Tadashi was chosen as "the rider of china" or the spiritual advocate of peace and justice. He had little doubt that he would soon have to enter the role of a hero while the forces of darkness merged with the rage of things rejected in a plot to destroy mankind and the spiritual world. it was a lighter part. Now comes the difficult part, trying to explain the film. This is a great movie for kids. No, this is a great movie, mana, (still very wrong?), But an excellent movie. It is revealed as well as all those great books that you loved as a child, and sometimes it's just as dense as Tadashi is struggling to find the strength to become a hero. Looking at him, I felt that I was reading a great book, and I thought that this would be huge, that it was a book. I loved the film not following the normal way. Things often happen outside of coincidence or because of wrong communication, one character gets into events just because his foot falls asleep. There are turns and moments that look like they are not sequins and are even more charming for him (which is typical of Miike). Surely it's a movie Takashi Miike. This Japanese film master is obviously in charge of a film that often touches, scary and fun at the same time. It seems that no one other than Miike understands that you can have many emotions at the same time, or that you can suddenly have turns around while things are dark in a second and then funny. I admire the fact that Miike made a film that is gloomy and full of hope, which is not ashamed of being frightening, I think really scary, especially for children. This is the same dark territory that should be in Harry Potter movies, but rarely. This is a grim Grimm story with humor. My first reaction when I looked at the initial picture was that I could not believe that someone would start a children's movie with a picture of the end of the world, and then I realized who was making the movie. Get Miike in for making a movie that knows that kids can cope with scary pictures. It also works on more than one level. Mechanical monsters that make bad guys are forged from the rejected garbage of mankind. One of the Iokai (ghosts) is one who speaks about the rampage that is thrown out because they are dirty or too small when they are thrown away. You have one of the good guys who refuses to join the bad guys, because that would be a human thing. It's a wild concept, but like other things that float around his what this movie raises to another level. (there are many many riffs and references to other films, TV shows and novels that make me wonder where this film is because children may not understand it, although many parents want it) And of course there are monsters. They move the scale from the cheese to the spectacular with stopping everywhere between. Frankly, you have to forgive the unevenness of their creation just because there must be hundreds, if not thousands of monsters on the screen. Her way is cool and works. One of the main characters is Iokai, which I think is best described as a hamster in a tunic and is often played by a stuffed animal, it looks dumb, and yet you will cheer for a little husband and love every moment when he drives Tadashi's head. (Acceptance is also easier if you've ever seen old woodcuts of strange Japanese monsters). I mentioned the shortcomings, and there are a few. The effects are uneven, some sudden turns are a little weird (even if it's understandable) and a few other things that are fading about two hours after watching the movie. somehow it prevents you from being completely satisfied with the movie. I really loved this movie. I'm pretty sure it would be my favorite movie of all time. (where is English dub?). Great trip. (Apart from a good introduction to Miike minus blood and graphic sex movies)
