Initially I heard about TEARS OF KALI a little earlier and it sounded like something I would be, but with all the movies I regularly came, it fell from the radar. While I was wandering around the local WonderBook ... I saw the box for this and grabbed it. I must say that I am very glad I am. Tears of Pottery are a weird, bloody, sometimes quite nasty film that is somewhat limited by an apparently low budget - but it's still a fun and worthwhile watch. Tears of Kali are found in the fictitious Indian base Tailor-Erickson cult group, which practices meditation and other rituals in search of facing and exterminating the "inner demons" of an individual - but apparently these techniques work or are too good or insufficiently (depending on your perspective ...) as dark forces are not only expelled, but are also released to unhappy victims. The film says the "style of anthology", with a short but memorable and "opening" introductory sequence, and then switches to the Three Stories that make up the majority of the film. The first (SHAKTI) is about a journalist who visits one of the cult members who are in the mental hospital. The journalist, under the guise of advocacy, advocates exploring the Tailor-Erickson cult, but we discover that her real motives can hit something closer to home. When the interview takes a violent turn, the reporter finds that she might have gotten over her head ... The second part (Devi) refers to a violent young man who was sentenced to a psychological rehabilitation of a prison sentence for beating a young man into a coma. We think that the doctor concerned is Tailor-Erickson "alumni", and his rehabilitation methods are far from the norm ... The Final Story (KALI) revolves around the supra-religious belief - and his assistant who performs " wonders "for a fee. When a healer unconsciously helps one of his clients and actually throws away the force that possessed it, the demon is now free to wander and seek out a new host ... I must say that I really enjoyed Tsuki Kali. There are some shortcomings in the movie that prevent it from being really great - but it's an original and ambitious movie for what it is. My biggest insult in production is a poor and uninspired dialogue. Recording is a sub-pair, and I would love to have a titled option with the original language bar. Some critics say that treatment is bad, which I disagree with. I think that synchronization is so bad that it makes the performances seem overwhelming, which is not the case. In fact, several performances are pretty damn cold ("Doctor" in the second segment, and "the client" comes to mind in the third ...) and noticeable. Glu FKS is very well made for a low-budget film, with some graphic scenes of eyelash removal - over - nail scissors, pencil in the throat - suicide, some decent (but irritably "hissing") suicide. -Flaiting, and a few other things inserted to a great extent. Not as rough as some of the "extreme" movies above, but definitely stronger than average horror. I also found a story about a cult group that is an intriguing and welcome change in the typical stupidity of a terrible story. There are many scenes of true atmosphere and tension, as I did not have time. Although it is wrong in some basic way, I think TEARS OF KALI will attract most of the underground horror spectators - some scenes can be shown too much for mainstream viewers. Definitely recommended - 8.5 / 10
