The sensitive film lacks the glow and, somewhat, the narrative structure, but it is superbly recorded and performed. However, the point of the narrative structure is debatable. Although it leaves the impression that fine-tuning takes place in fine scenes and connects his thoughts to what a modern viewer could describe as a "story," I am skeptical about whether this feeling * requires a narrative of structures "that is definitive and recognizable. It will inevitably be compared to SOMERSAULT because it is its main protagonist (I am not sure that this is the right word!) Young and very young, a woman whose newly discovered sexuality confused and empowered - although, of course, Cate Shortland has better deal with this aspect. Although there is the possibility of a carelessness FIRST viewers reject this film as a cliché, the FIRES are somehow more ambitious than SOMERSAULT. Perhaps that's not the case, of course it's different from Monahan's first feature - INTERVIEW! I'm not quite sure how scenes of sex between Veaving and Lung are added. Who knows - maybe they are. They certainly got home the compromising and flawed nature of Veaving - although I personally think it was achieved without the need for these scenes. ***** THE ACCUSED FILMS **** On the other hand, I see how some would be rejected as a telemarked dressed as sobinu. But I'm not sure how many of these "categories" are different, or even if we should make that difference. In any case, I think there are enough layers in the film that distinguish it from Hallmark's efforts. On the other hand, the structure of the film is very formal, and its content is hardly challenging, at least in the way SOMERSAULT, THOM WHITE, THREE DOLLARS, ILLUSTRATED FAMILY DOCTORS, SEE THE SAME WAY AND HUMAN DODIR. All the performances are good, but I came to the realization that the main reason I enjoy the film is that it fits into the "Australian" genre without having to add anything ... and I can understand that this can be a pretty good reason why another person * NO * loves! And indeed, only when Lung enters the room in his Vietnamese dress, the film really starts packing. But that leads us to another debate - should * we expect the film to constantly cause us? I definitely enjoy the challenge of film (or books, or other people), but is there no more room for what is simply a beautiful story? I did not delete my initial post about this because I am aware of Orwellian references to such an act. But I would have reduced my initial rating from 8 to perhaps 6.5. As for the nomination for AFI Best Film, my voices refer to HUMAN ADDITION, THREE DOLLARS AND VIEW ON OBE VAIS - and I think Both ways should win.
