Written as "the first family film" by Takashi Miikea - people who did not see Zebraman, probably. IOKAI DAISENSO takes things even further in the direction of kindness to the family, diluting darkness and cynicism to create a great fantasy fairytale. A young boy is chosen by fate to save the world from monsters and horrors that are largely unconscious. The movie is obviously a bigger budget than anything else that Miike did, with many CGIs creating a fantasy world inhabited by strange beings (IOKAI). Perhaps the lack of extreme content is due to more nervous investors, but I think it's probably just that he wanted to do something else. He has never been a trick of pony, but often accuses him - maybe IOKAI was designed to silence those critics. Nevertheless, for Miike, it is a great project to channel its endless imagination and invention. In production, there is a very cartoon feeling that provokes thoughts about Miyazaki. Iokai is based on an old series of comics that turned around based on Japanese folk tales, which certainly had an impact on Miiazaki (especially DUHOVAN). It must be remembered that Miike does not have anything similar to the Harry Potter film for work, so special effects will not be flawless Hollywood work - some blue-screening is especially obvious. Some of the special effects are excellent, with some very well animated beings (mixture of CG, stop-motion and puppetry). I think that the little sock-doll that follows the hero around a large part of the film * meant * that it looks really cheap and that it's all sweet for him :) The young man who plays the hero of the movie really works well - it's so hard to find a pre-teenager who actually understands the concept of acting, but the nine-year-old Riunosuke What a real talent (I see he heard voices in the last 2 Miiazaki films!). Chiaki Kuriiama is tasty as a crime in a piece, although Mai Takahashi left even more impression as if Princess Princess - ium ium! Those who are looking for another violent, mutilated gangster movie will not find what they are looking for in IOKAI, but if you are a fan of Miike for his imagination and spirits, there is plenty to please. And it has an additional bonus that you can happily put on any company you have :)
