Although the center has a melodrama, or at the bottom of this film, the story is told beautifully and subtly, and the acting is brilliant. Iaara, studying at Princeton, returns to her native Israel the funeral of her oldest and dearest friend Thalia. Since Iaara practically lived with her friend's parents after the death of her own mother, she lost her adoptive daughter. And because Iaara, blind from birth, is guided and guarded by Thalia, the suicide of her friend is so intolerable as inexplicable. Inevitable, the blind girl is the one who decides to solve the mystery This death. Although there is no sight, there is insight. Although she can not see, she is able to find what is far from the "normal" people around her. The film thus becomes an absorbing mystery, while Iaara goes through traces in her memories of her relationship with Thalia, in the house of her adoptive family, in cassettes, diaries, and people in Thalia's past and present. He said from Iara Viewed from the perspective of the view, the film can be seen from its perspective, because it visualizes what it is hearing, believing and imagining. The solution of the mystery is rather conventional, but the search is carried out with such subtle care, and the answer is expressed so nicely and without a fanfare that it can be easily forgiven. Truths appear gradually but inexorably, explaining not only the life of Thalia, but also its relationship with the lover. Tali Sharon, like Iaara, uses her mobile face and voice efficiently, and is utterly convincing as an adult and a teenager. We fully accept her ability to get the end of the film to a safer place in the world. It is important to emphasize the precision by which places and actions are repeated with small, but significant variations that never become boring, dead. - in the role of a minor, and an interesting decision to make Talia only as a teenager. I will agree with Iaara's final declaration as a standpoint with Gadi, Thalia's last boy, on the edge of the cliff, but this journey to the edge is so fascinating that the image will remain in sight longer than her words will be reminded.
