In 1993, with the success of Batman's first season: Animated Series, Varner Brothers commissioned a team responsible for hit-shov with the production of a feature-length film, originally intended for Direct-To-Video, but prone to theatrical film. status. I would become known as Batman: Mask Fantazme. Ten years after Phantasma, we had three more feature-length films released by boys on the UK, Sub-Zero, Return of the Joker, and now Misteri of the Batvoman joins the family. The action is basic and in many ways similar to the Masks of Phantasm: a new female model that is modeled after Batman began targeting operations led by Gotham boss Rupert Thorne and Osvald Cobblepot AKA The Penguin. Now, Batman has to try to discover the mystery of Batvoman before he crosses the line. Animation is a smoother, futuristic style that was used for Batman: The Animated Series' fifth and sixth season (AKA) The Nev Batman Adventures). , it's done very nicely, and just as elegant as the Return of the Joker Animation. There is also some use of the CGI, but it is lower compared to the excessive number in the Sub-Zero. The music was fine. Different and exotic and similar to the results in the Justice League, although the score in the result of an old animated Batman theme will surely send waves of nostalgia through the heart in the shape of rodents of older fans. Kevin Conroy, as always, works beautifully as Bruce Vaine and Batman. It's also great to have an old Batman: The Animated Series alumni back; It includes Bob Hastings (Commissar Gordon), Robert Costanzo (Detective Bullock), Tara Strong (Barbara Gordon / Batgirl; her kameya hints at the romantic relationship between her and Bruce mentioned in Batman Beiond) and Efrem Zimbalista the younger (Alfred). Zlikovci were also great - especially since Rupert Thorne, the old mafia boss from the original series, has appeared for the first time since the fourth season. Overall Although it has not reached the standard set by Mask Phantasma ten years ago, MOTB has pretty well led a torch for animated Batman movies. And if you have a DVD and a hardcore fan, you'll love the five-minute Chase Me.
