Yesterday it was broadcast on TV, so I decided to look. This was one of the last DTV projects by Bruce Timm / Paul Dini related to their old Batman in 1992, after which Jeff Matsuda came and re-imagined Batman with his new Batman series, but nevertheless, the story of this new Batman movie turns about the appearance of a new avenger known as Batvoman, but Batman feels the need to stop for his extreme methods, and in the meantime removes The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn who both work secretly with Carlton Dukeesne (who has family troubles) and another criminal running late is revealed in the film) the operation of smuggling weapons, they also put a prize on Batvoman. The question is: who is this mysterious Batvoman and is it possible that they are more than one? It's on Batman to solve this mystery and stop Penguin's last operation. There is a fairly complex story and a serious tone for the animated film, which is good. Another plus was the complete Penguin redesign that looks much more like a sophisticated Mob Boss we are accustomed to see in the comic, unlike its previous projects that borrowed the elements of the Pengium vision from Tim Burton. Although the movie contains a love subheading, it never wore so far and does not disturb a movie like, say, Batman forever. Speech performance is the standard quality for these direct video projects (if only Batman: The Mask of Phantasm took this time), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Vaine. And as I said in spite of very briefly 80 minutes, I managed to make a fairly good (and complex) story along with a few smaller plants and a pile of actions. There are several drawbacks, however, Nightview can not be seen anywhere, and I'm sure that Barbara Gordon and Bruce Vaine do not click on it as a couple, although it's just referenced, Tim Drake (aka Robin) makes very little in the film and to be quite honest, was a big fan of Paul Dini and Bruce Timm's Batman design (especially in their Batman post-BTASs), The Nev The Adventures of Batman and Robin, well, it's kind of Batman looks like a thick then pretty well-built person (like type Jeff Matsuda of The Batman). Bruce Vaine looks a bit embarrassing, and his blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent than Bruce (although it's true they look very similar). Another weak side is Rupert Throne (there is no explanation of why he is in this business, but it's safe to say that he has goons and a cut from work), which makes it very little more than hanging out with Penguin or getting hurt every time. he pointed the gun at someone (count how many times it happens in the movie and you will be surprised. All in all, a good Batman animated film, worth at least a rent.
