This post can contain spiders: Although it was five years after the end of the series and VB is currently working on the Justice League, this animated movie is a welcome addition video library. Why? Well, if the Fantasma Mask completes the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero compliment 15 epic Batman and Robin's adventures, then the Mysteries of the Batvoman welcomes the last 24 episodes of the Batman version of Gotham Knights. Kevin Conroy again brings a voice through the performance that is nothing but excellence and perfection. I admit I was a little suspicious when I heard about Batvoman and the only thing I could think of was the old Batman's 50 comics. But I was impressed by the character Batvoman, her look, her costume (which I assumed Bruce Vaine created a costume on Batman Beiond) and the fact that this movie prevents you from speculating who Batman is. If you want to know who Batvoman is, buy or rent a DVD. Barbara Gordon appears on the karma and I think the writers were trying to find that Bruce and Barbara had something that was going on between them like in Batman Beiond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is small and, unfortunately, there is no trace or mention of Dick Grayson, alias Nightving, which makes me believe that he has settled in Bludhaven (his city in comics). /> Of the three suspects for Batvoman, my favorite is Kathi Dukuesne, which looks pretty like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa performed a great job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to the wicked, I'm glad that the Penguin was one of them, but I did not like being replaced by Paul Villiams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengu just did not sound good. The same thing is true for Robin. The new guy is fine, but just as I started getting used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It's interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who cast Carlton Dukeesne, is now the voice of Joker in The Batman. And finally, we see Rupert Thorne look updated because he did not appear in the Gotham Knights episodes. The late John Vernon will miss. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva's voice as Bane's voice, if he had to be replaced, they got the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I just want you to use Tvo Face, Riddler, or a scary new version of Scarecrow. I wish it was on a soundtrack and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie at the Iceberg Lounge along with her song Betcha Neva. While some believe that this film is weaker than Maska Phantasma and Subzero, I think it is as strong and pleasing as the rest, plus as I said earlier, it's a full-length movie based on the version of Batman, Gotham Knights, I think it gives a good balance. I would at least recommend that this DVD be rented before I buy it for those who might be suspicious of this film, but personally, it's worth buying. I'm giving Mystery Batke 9.
