To begin with, I've always been a fan of Batman Caricature, because the theme is so universal that "all alive have an alter ego". That's right in Mystery Batvoman. Although the whole story is good, I'm disappointed that they did not do much for this franchise. Through the movie you are trying to find out who is the Batvoman identity, unfortunately you can find out by looking at the credits that are published on this web site (so if you have not seen it, do not go there). I was kind of disappointed that they did not film the film anymore. 75 minutes is too short for any movie. The secret identity of the batgeon also comes too early in the film, some half way, and then becomes anti-cliche because you know that good guys will always win and that a new character known as Batvoman will disappear after the film finishes. Br /> I'm also not too sure about the new style of animation used in this movie. I love the elegant new characters, but there should be more details in which to look for detail. Some parts of the animation look so clumsy and cruel that they immediately attract your attention and draw your attention from the story. I also did not like the bright atmosphere that is used in most scenes, it in a way loses its dark and gothic feelings that Batman. Likewise, we should have learned more about the personality of the batge, so we can build the same deep feeling of compassion to work with Bruce Vaine. I also think that the fight with Bane should have been better. In a typical child's fashion, a bad guy is too easy to meet his death by stumbling, falling, getting an electric current, or making something stupid to work against them. Thinking about this is not even shedding a drop of blood in this movie. Basically, it's a good entertainment movie and I recommend to everyone who is a Batman fan to watch it. It has a good story, universal attraction, and even a great action to overcome. I just want them to transmit a more permanent change in the story so Batvoman will stay to make things more interesting. Not only do you introduce it and then it is thrown out when it's over. I would also like to see someone else discover the mystery of change. In order for someone else, not just Batman, to solve the mystery and fill it with later details. I hope to get more animated films and look forward to the time when we can really see the break between Bruce Vaine and Barbara Gordan. He's wearing it forever and does not like her and I can not believe she was stupid enough to fall in love with someone over 20 years old. I also want to see the time when Tim Drake leaves because he is sick of the old man. In short, I want to see all the things that led the characters to the place where they will be in Batman Beiond. Otherwise, the same repeated formula will end up faster than they decided to continue with the story. <br /> <br />
