It begins with several principles on the stage leading to Albuquerque. Gabbi Haies (Juke, sounds like Duke) is a driver and starts his usual trick against women in general, and his girlfriend Pearl is an exception. Then he describes the wrong version of the biblical story of Samson in order to justify holding long mustaches against the desire of Pearl, who is a city razor, and who claims that everyone else would follow his example, she would be out of work. This point will return to dominate the latest scene in the film. Gabby looks like irritation to some reviewers, but it's definitely a plus for this one. It's a shame that he was not in more than a randof of Scott's Westerns who would ease Randy's usual behavior. On this stage are Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, like Celia Vallace), whom she meets, and the little girl (Mirtle), who soon becomes a hero when she rescues from the fugitive phase after being caught by guards Randy's uncle attached to the wheelchair of John Cleveland, who basically runs the city. Not very popular among city people. He, however, quickly forms a useful friendship with Gabby. After finding out that his uncle John was responsible for the stalemate of his business rival, Celie Vallace, and related murder, he demands that Uncle John return the money and decides to work for Celio and her brother Ted (Russell Haiden) instead of Uncle John. As the prospect of his rival, Uncle John decides to plant informers (Barbara Britton, as Letty Tiler) at Vallace's office, to inform him when he delivers mine from the mine to the city. so he can sabotage their ride. When this fails, he resortes to the draconian tactic of setting up his own office, which Randa blames for. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randi was in Letty's apartment, confronted with suggestive evidence that she uncovered Uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when a fire was discovered. That brings him and Letty into a dog house with Celia (his obvious beau) and Ted (who hopes to catch Letty). This news also ends the uncle John's faith in Letty as an informer, and suggests to leave the city. Instead, he switches sides and tells Vallace why Randy was in her apartment. Uncle John again tries to sabotage their work, and when this fails, there is a general shooting in the city. You can hit the results. The plot is well constructed and constructed, with complicated relationships between the principles, and with the various obstacles that Randi needs to overcome, with the help of their associates sometimes. At least, Randy was spared the need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had the choice to escape the assassination, but arrogantly believed that a woman would not have the courage to execute her threat. The presence of Haies and two beautiful healthy women, as well as Little Mirtle, greatly helped to get rid of the otherwise tense atmosphere in this struggle for survival, as Uncle John said. It looks strange that Barbara Britton, a "bad" girl, gets top-level female awards for Catherine Craig, Randy's love affair. Barbara was much more limited in the camera. Those who grew up on the Lassie TV series with George Cleveland as "Gramps" will be surprised to see that he plays such a wickedly controlled criminal. We may be wondering if his wheelchair-related status has an impact on this person. This leaves him with little chance of living in the wild west. Without an obvious family that would help him to support him (except Randi), he can not afford to be beaten by a newcomer from the most profitable job in the city. On the other hand, in his conversations, he probably gained the status of a city "boss" before he became attached to a wheelchair.
