Randolph Scott goes to Albuquerque to take a job with his uncle. However, on the way to there, the stage is held - even if they do not carry a safe. However, a beautiful lady on the ship hides $ 10,000 for the job of her and her brother ... and the robbers seem to know that. Once in town, Scott goes to that uncle to work. However, he soon finds out that this uncle is a jerk - a typical bad guy from the West. You know, a rich man who just wants to become richer by deception and stealing and threats until he has everything. And by chance that jerk was behind robbery. Scott demands that an uncle return the money, and then Scott enters the job with a fine lady and her brother. It is not surprising, this is NOT the end of the problem - just the beginning. Again, intrigues of different species that try to break the uncle's opposition again occur. One trick is to bring a nice lady to be friends with Scott and his partners. She's a cracks and looks bad for Scotta - until she realizes why she came into town. Unlike most of Randolph Scott's later films, this shows Scott as a bit stubborn man. Too often in his films, he is the last to suggest violence, but in this film he quickly suggests lynching (fucking law, let's hang on), and later quickly threatens his uncle. What a surprise to see him as such a hot head - although in most other ways, he's the same old Scott you'd expect. As for the film, there is nothing particularly unusual about it. Gabbi Haies plays the usual character, Scott is a hero, a criminal can not be justified and eventually is destroyed and Scott gets a girlfriend. Despite this typical complication, everything is handled very well and as a result it is well worth your time. By the way, there are two strange scenes in the movie. First, late in the film, there is the first fight between Scott and Uncle's brother # 1, Lon Chaney, Jr. In it, Chanei smokes as he fights - something I've never seen before and I admire how he could have been kicked. Second, take the whip of this beaten whip cart - now it was an impossible feat!
