A summary above, said James Cloud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling), almost everything speaks. Jim, called Kid Vichita, has a way to get things done, it's just a problem, usually leaving dead bodies where he was. Tom did not predict younger brother Jeff, who likes what he sees in Jim, especially when he defends his ranch from local Texas cattle-breeders. The initial loans say 'We present John Barrimore ml. Younger brother, in this first appearance on the screen. It seemed pretty strange to me, especially since he was referred to as Jeff almost immediately in the story. Approximately eighteen at the time of this film, it is on average similar to Sean Penn. It was not strange for personal and legal problems during his career as well as the alienation of his family, and I wondered if his daughter, Drew Barrimore, could ever see this picture. I'm inclined to think not. On the subject of resemblance, I was surprised and thought that young Robert Sterling looked like Roi Rogers in an early career. Knowing Sterling earlier only from his role of George Kerbie in the TV series Topper in the early 1950s, I thought he looked incongruous in the West, but that could only be me. His character becomes encouraged by his brother's resourcefulness in creating trouble, and gives some of this not so typical story. The few subscriptions abound, including the relationship of ranchers John Litel and his son Sheriff (who kills Kid Vichita), and the problematic marriage between Kathleen Boice (Cathy Dovns) and her husband Earl (who kills Kid Vichita). Chill Vills completes the lead as one of Tom Cloud's hired hands, and figures in a somewhat predictable finale. What is not quite predictable is how things end up there, and therefore, this Western earned points for tracking less travel, therefore not quite as a form of complication as well as many good brother / bad brother Westerners. In combination with the eclectic casting of the principals, I would recommend it, even if you have to withstand some of the jumps and mismanagement that I experienced with my copy.
