Robert Culp (they call him a "doctor" ... I think he's a veterinarian or something like that), and the family moves into a wealthy suburb with low taxes, without a law. Culp and his dog are almost killed when some local idiots get drunk and "move" through his yard at 60mph. He puts pressure on the accusation, prompting widespread children, and suddenly he and his family are victims of a violent and disturbing joke campaign. Marilyn Manson, Marlin, Marlon Mason is playing his rogue, anticipated. A woman's wife, who calls him not to use violence against her shameless nemesis, and who really wants only to move somewhere with decent public services. But the system does not get Culpa anywhere, and he does not intend to leave his house for some punk boys and their crazy rock and roll music. And we all know what people are doing when the system breaks down ... (but this is based on a true story, which makes it even better). has funny funk-o-matic music for the theme of a teenage girl from the '70s who warns us when they do not know well, this film actually ends with the treatment of age brackets uniformly (really!). It does not make a big generational thing of it. In any case, if you love dogs (or at least believe in protecting your civil rights, like me), and you love justice, and love the fire, and you love justice for dogs. way of fire, and you think people who are nervously leaving the problem communities "too damn soft", then the ethos of this film is in your alley. No, it's not really "good", at least not in any widely accepted sense of the word. There is nothing subtle or underestimated or wise about it, it's just the kind of feature-length PSA for vigilantism. However, it records the feeling of some unforgettable scenes in other, dear works. Remember at Frank Miller: Dark Knight returns when Batman drives horse Mutants to regain Gotham Citi? You remember those scenes in the Christmas story where the kid entered the face of a thug? Remember how cool it was? Or do you really hate neighbors looking funny? Yes, mon. Unfortunately, this is a 1973 movie for TV, which I accidentally caught at 4 am on my local World Bank partner, and probably not intended for DVD release. But after the inspiration for this movie, do you think I'm just going to sit here and take it!?!
