Gliding glaciers inside a cave ice mountain sends its three characters dragging down an endless wet tube that has enough punches to blind children in the same way that a mature audience can be blinded by a series of stellar gates that shut down in 2001: Odyssey in the universe. Miles are separated from vision, but this is still a scene of great turbulence and excitement. The magnificent opening sequence also happens where furry winged like squirrels are trying to hide their precious gir. You probably saw this scene in the trailer, but as it unfolds, it starts the effect of the dominoes when the mountain starts firing and, the results, avalanches. The horror only continues as the mole tries to outdo the impossible. The film is followed by two characters, a mammoth called Manfred (Rai Romano) and a tooth of a lazy man (John Leguizamo) while trying to migrate to the south. They find the human child they adopt, and then decide to follow parental numbers to return to them. He is joined by a saber tiger named Diego (Denis Leary), whose predatory intention is to bring the baby to his clan of the tiger, leading mammoths and lazy people in the trap. A child's eating family wants mammoths most of all, but Diego's learned value of friendship makes the choice in the end seem easy. On the way are the fatalistic natural hazards of the world, including an erupted volcano and a glacier bridge that threatens to momentarily melt, which resembles the escape of the castle in Shrek. The characters think about why they are in the ice age, while they could call Big Chill or the Nippi Era. Some characters want the upcoming global warming. Another great line about the problems of mating among girls: 'All big boys are never there. Sensitive eats. Extraordinary lines in abundance, a weird comedy and easy-to-finger adventure make this movie quite easy to watch. Also, food is so scarce for the pleasant vegetarians to consider dandelions and pine nuts as "good nutrition". The vocal talents of Romano, Leguizama and Larry are well governed by their personalities, while children will delight in their foolishness, adults will delight their riffs with their own talents. There is mild violence and intense content, but children will be excited and will receive one of their early introductions to the ancient battle of good and evil, and family tradition and friendship are strong thematic links. Animators also make a magnificent use of background landscapes that are cool fantastic. <br /> <br />
