"Ice Age" is one of the cartoon films ever produced by Blue Ski Studios and published in 2002 as the first company. We met with the main characters: a squirrel called Scrat (as expressed by Chris Vedge, and please note: the sound of Scrat's scream is the sound of Tom's screams from the caricatures "Tom and Jerry"), a woolly mammoth named Manni Rai Romano from the movie " Everibodi Loves Raimond "), a lazy man Sid (pronounced by John Leguizamo of" Titan AE "), and a toothed duck named Diego (Denis Leary of Picard's" A Bug's Life "). /> The film opens when Scrat tries to bury the grain and immediately causes the avalanche. Then we see a flock that goes south for the coming ice age (except for Mania, who goes another way by looking for other mammoths that looked like him). Sid comes out of the cave, yawning, and sees that his family has left him. Then he pays a toll with some nipples. Unfortunately, Silvia (pronounced by Kirsten Johnston from "3rd Rock from the Sun"), a female orange lazy man who wants Sid to go with her. Sid eventually joined with Manny and they became friends. In the meantime, near the human tribe, Soto (who expressed Goran Višnjić), an evil dentist, wants a vengeance against the leader of the tribe for the deletion of half his pack only by stealing his little son, Roshana, far from him. In the morning, he, Diego and Sot's supporters, Lenny (who expressed Alan Tudik), the Oscar (who expressed Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (who said Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the woman's leader escaped with Roshan and gave him Manny and Sid to watch. Eventually they joined Diego and went on a journey to bring Roshan back to his tribe, who also sought him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, all right? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scratch, Silvia and Roshan, accompanying characters, including a wolf pack used by Roshan's tribe, not to mention the thick female lilac-shaped lady named Jennifer (by Jane Krakovsky), and the skinny female yellow lazywoman Rachel (uttered by Lorri Baglei), whom Sid shows them as Roshan while relaxing in a tar pit. By the way, two rhino, Carl (Cedric The Entertainer from the PDI "Madagascar") and Frank (who Stephen Root from Picard's "Finding Nemo"), who are going to Sid for destroying their meal and facing Manni on the cliff , are simple smaller characters. The same was true with the benefits that use melon as a food supply. The gags in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his trunk saying, "I'm not going!" When Jennifer and Rachel come out of the tar, Sid asks Jennifer: "What do you say if we jump into the genetic pool and see what's going on?" Jennifer then replies: "What do you say if you go to TAR PIT!" Rachel then struck Sid in the waist. Silvia sees Diego holding Sid behind the neck with his teeth, then asks Sid to hold her breath, telling Diego to eat him and leave immediately. Since the Ice Age is not only a success, it has 2 sequels: the first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown", which was released in 2006, and the second was "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs, "which will be released next year. I can hardly die and I'm waiting to see what it's like "Ice Age: The Dawn of Dinosaurs."
