Lily Mars's presentation might have given Judy Garland one of the easier roles she had in MGM because Lili Mars was definitely a figure she could identify with. A young girl with enough talent for ten knows she has what she needs to be in the theater regardless of how much Van Heflin's producer from her hometown discourages. I really liked Judy as a girl who decided to do it in the theater. Because Judy Garland with the talent of Judy Garland you know in the audience that she has the right things even if Van Heflin needs almost the entire film to convince. Both Judy and Heflin come from the same small town, Heflin's dad was a city doctor who had delivered her to Heflin while he might have gone and became a big producer at Broadway, their mothers, Fai Bainter and Spring Biington were the rest in contact. It's her entree, but Heflin is constantly banned from boys, but never to anyone like Lily Mars. There were no real big hits for Lily Mars for Garland, although she sings all of her numbers. The best thing about the film is the revival of this chestnut from the gas age, every small movement makes sense itself. Judy sings with Connie Gilchrist who played the Broadway theater cleaner where Heflin's performance is produced. Gilchrist was a star at the time of FloraDora Girls, and she and Judy are delivering a big-song song with Connie. It's the best scene in the movie that Gilhrist encourages Judy to stick with it. The composer Karl Hosen has died a long time ago, but the songwriter Otto Harbach was still alive and I bet he liked what he heard. European music star Marta Egger is presenting Lily Mars as a star of the show, which is at first confused, then angry and finally, understanding Garland and Heflin. She made several films with MGM, and then returned to Europe for more work on the continent. I bet MGM did not quite know what to do with her and her dense Hungarian accent, although Louis B. Maier never met a soprano who did not like him. Van Heflin goes well as a patient producer who agrees much with Garland and Eggert. Heflin just came from his Oscar for Johnny Eagler last year, and he and Garland would not look like an ideal team, but they're not bad together. Presentation of Lily Mars is a good showroom for Judi Garland talents. And she did not have to share the screen in another movie with Mickey Rooney.
