I rented this film for the first time many years ago and was completely fascinated by it. Only recently, feeling a strange need to get back in a way - too many movies that I enjoyed immensely in life, I decided to look at Erendi once again. And I'm glad that I did it, because I soon discovered that even the passing of time did not underestimate the glow of this film. The story is about teenagers (Erendir, played exceptionally Claudia O'han - in some respects she looks like a Vinona Rider!) who accidentally burns her grandma's fairy, after which grandma, played by Irene Papas hypnotic, forced the girl to live in prostitution on her way to recover the damage. Watching is both fascinating and tempting - although, despite the basic premise, which deals with prostitution, it is tastefully deprived of free sex content. The story revolves around the interaction between the girl and her grandmother, as well as various other colorful characters with whom they come into contact with their stay - which, by the way, is said to be in the rough and sweeping part of rural Mexico. > The film is very atmospheric, astoundingly mysterious with decisive, high-quality quality. Sometimes he borders with bizarre, but not with, say, David Linch's film. It should be noted that the film is very allegory by nature, read the comments of the previous viewers below ... Often in the background you hear the sounds of a lonely accordion, calm and melancholy, adding only a real musical accent emphasizing the Mexican ambience. The cinema of rural places, many of which are in the desert, is great. The film is moving at a good pace, neither too slow nor too slow, and after each scene I felt that I had to rewind the tape and reproduced it again, just because it needed it. For me it is, indeed, really so tempting. I hope you will see the movie in its version in Spanish, with titles. I studied Spanish in high school, as well as in college, and I was happy to be able to understand many dialogues. Por ejemplo: "El mundo no es grand grande como pensaba." ("The world is not as big as I thought" - that is, it's a small world.) This film reminds me of a stumbling onto a dusty old bottle of old wine, which, after drinking, however, immensely satisfying, there remains a sorrow when you realize that there is no more bottle like this one.
