I've seen Slaughter High several times over the years, and I always thought it was a pleasant movie with a strange sense of humor, but I never knew it was filmed in the UK, and I never knew that the actor who plays by Simon Scuddamore, committed suicide after the film was released. I guess I noticed that I watched him last night that actors actors seem pretty strange to Americans, and some of them are not very good at hiding their accent in English. All this, though, this is a story about classmates of class, Marty, who is a dick joke from his classmates, and on a certain day, April day, he was lured into the girl dressing room by one Caroline Munro (yes, playing a teenager) and humiliated a lot of time on the movie. Of course, the coach caught the gang at work and they all received vigorous training to punish them, but not before a couple of guys put Marty into the wrist, trying to smoke in a chemical lab, but it's full of something that makes him sick and when running one of his colleagues pulls in and puts a chemical that reacts with something Marty is blurring, which leads to a fire and spillage of a bottle of nitric acid, which leaves poor Marty Ten years later, that same band moves to its class set in the good old Doddsville High, which seems strangely decorated and inaccessible, but thanks to genius, they manage to enter and find the place apparently abandoned ... except that there is a room where banquet and drinks are exhibited, and, of course, they eat, drink and cheer. He's about to die, of course. The gang was persecuted one by one in a crazy mask, but could it be Marty? They do not know, they think it's either in a crazy bucket or working for IBM, they're not sure which one. But whoever is, works quickly on them. Especially nasty is the girl who is bathed and washes her blood from one of her colleagues whose inner parts broke up after she drank a poisoned beer. She is a victim of a sour bath that I believe might have been one of the parts that were originally cut in the cassette version, because it seemed to me that this was especially bad when I was watching this time. Maybe I'm wrong, but I believe it was not on the tape. In any case, there is something that ends, and it also contains snapshots that are not on the tape, I believe. There is also a small frontal nudity that was also cut, but I also noticed whether there were other parts on this uncut version, probably so, but it's been a long time since I last saw it. In any case, if you are a fan of the 80s slasher, then make a new DVD with a release, because it's a fun little slasher with a good atmosphere and feel. 7 of 10
