This movie looked like a classic in the 80s genre of slasher genre, which is my favorite genre of all of them, so when I saw it on demand, I had to watch it! She plays Caroline Munro, from both Phibes films (she's his wife who died!), Dracula AD 1972, Sinbad's Golden Trips, Captain Kronos - Vampire Hunter, a spy who loved me, a maniac and without a face. /> People brought you people behind Do not open Christmas and fragments, Heres my thoughts on this ... Opens on the day of April fools, where a group of children play an elaborate joke on a schoolglider - promising his sex under the shower, and giving him public humiliation and face in the toilet (as long as he was naked!). The coach stops it, but both sides promise revenge. But cool kids eventually burn down the stubborn alive. Cross for the future, and at their high school gathering, or think so (bvahahha?). The only ones who had the invitations were the gang that burned the kid, and his April fool (or, indeed, the day before the April fool, but the party starts at midnight), but they do not see the coincidence and hang out in front of the dark. Then they finally broke into school and started attacking. Inside, they find food / drink and a small shrine for each of them, each of their cabinets and things, along with Marti's cabinet and the iearbook. They also find an old black housekeeper / watchman who spends time saying, "Oooh iesser! Iesser! I do not want trouble, sir!" and he was immediately killed. Pretty ruthless character, but he's still my favorite. The film takes a page from Alien's book, to a deliciously bloody way that you just have to see! This is when everyone understands that they are there to die, and begin to get mad, except Shirley, who decides it would be best to bathe in old school showers at this point. Of course, it pours blood and acid, and its face melts (very cool, watch out) The rest of the night goes as usual, sex, drugs and Marty kill as long as they wear a camouflage mask .. What's their plan? "All we have to do is stay awake and wait until noon. Marty will not kill us during the day!" Seriously, that's what he said. Obviously you can kill only at night. But will it survive the night? Who will live and who will die? And why do all the bodies disappear? Rent, buy or steal this great movie to find out! The movie is actually very good, filled with cliches (the car will not start, DAMMIT!) And simply fun entertainment. Not to mention that everyone has names like Carol and Nani, Frank and Joe and Susan. I recommend it to all of you! And, not to mention, it has Spin Off! The cutting class of 1989 is a spin-off of this gem, and this film begins with the career of Brad Pitt and Rhodium McDowell. not. "Tell me dirty, Frank!" she screams "Uh ... tits!" "DIRTIER!" "Uh ... tits. F * ck. Sis. Boobs. F * ck.". She seems to be working for her and at its peak, the killer will kill them both!
