Slaughter High begins as every other day in Doddsville Counties High School, where little minks Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) cheated a man named Simon Scuddamore in the locker room of a girl telling him to get out of the shower, Carola's gang of friends comes and gives naked Marty is a great surprise when they shoot him while lowering his head to the girls' lounge in a daily joke. The school sports coach (Marc Smith) saves Marty and punishes a gang that has cruelly blamed Marty, decided to play another trick on him only this time things get out of control and Marty is caught in an explosion and has nitric acid sprayed over his face. Years later, the entire gang was invited to a meeting in the class at the now closed school; they all come to discover that they are the only ones there. Everyone is striving where they quickly learn that they are not the only ones there because Marty returned and revolted in the mind ... Originally filmed under the title April 1st which were probably changed because another slasher movie that called April Fool's Dai (1986), made in the same year when the American English co-production was unusual in having three recognized writers and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after they never saw a film with three directors Now I saw twice a week, the other is Jean-Claude Van Damme's film Kickboker (1989)) and mo am to say that I liked a lot Slaughter High, although there seems to be a pretty bad reputation. One of the things I like about the script is that it's purely slippery slag, it does not try to be anything else and it only accepts genre rules, short stories and traps and plays with them. Basically, he delivers what he promises, the killer killer, the blood, the tits, and the pieces. I thought the character was fine, the story is fine, although it's just an excuse to find it on teens in an isolated location, so some killers can separate them one by one and actually I liked the turning end that is also something for what Slaughter High gets a lot of sharp things. The first half starts a little slower, but the other half moves along the speed of the knots as there is one blood killing behind the other. Some of the situations and character reactions are a little meaningful, but the same can be said for any movie that has ever been made, so who complains? film. The isolated school was built for a really atmospheric location and it looked good, the producers threw a good thunder, and there is a good photo especially at the end where there are many impressive continuous long-lasting clips that follow Carol through various corridors of schools. Although not particularly elegant, it certainly looks nice and professional enough. There are some good mountains, including burnt bodies, people melted with acid, wrinkles, gastric blight, shafts on the face and death from a mower, as well as someone drowning in sewage feces! Special effects are also better than expected and I was impressed and satisfied with more body than expected. Technically, the movie is better than I expected and overcomes the worst foolish shit today would be released, I thought it was a relatively small budget. Apparently set up in America, it's obviously shot in England. Harry Manfredini compiles another score that sounds the same as all his other music scores and is actually the same as the theme of Friday 13 (1980) and its sequels. Anyone who lives here in the UK will probably admit Billy Hartman who played Frank as a regular at Emmerdale Farm (one of our best Soap operas) in which Terri Voods is playing! While most fans will be horror to recognize Caroline Munro in a rare role. Legendary exploit producer Dick Randall has done the work on Slaughter High and has actually appeared in the film as a porn movie producer ... a story about the guy! You can also see a poster for the misconceived "Pieces" (1982), which he also produced in his office. Slaughter High is a slasher movie that I liked very much, did you see? I did not say that it is great that I actually said that I like it personally and I am sure that the predictable plot and lack of a story will probably be taken away too much so I can not recommend it, but I can say that I like it, What do you want. Make sure to watch the uncut version if you ever decide to check it. If your fan is not a genre of slasher flick, then Slaughter High will not change your mind, but if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher, then you can do much worse than this.
