God Bless 80's slasher movies. This is a fun and fun movie. That's what this is about. Now I'm not talking horror movies, just slasher movies. It goes like this: the stupid high school is picked up by all these stupid athletes and cheerleaders, and then one of their jokes goes terribly wrong. Lost and returned for revenge, with a mask of Joker / Jester (a pretty nasty look, can I add it), Marty begins to kill those teenagers one and many years later, after having managed to convince them that their old abandoned high school We have a meeting. Is this basically a plot? What's wrong with that? It's the beauty of the 80's slasher movies, most of them I would say. Many things could be so funny, but they're more and more attracted to you by passing. Especially this film. There are some incredible killings, and some are very creative. (poisoning with beer cans, sour bathing, I can not remember that a spear was ever used in any other slasher movie). It's a really fun and fun movie. That is all. Regardless of the fact that the characters are complete idiots, do not pay attention to their stupidity, and regardless of the strange, random things that happen in this movie. As the lights can be controlled by the killer (when not even switching any buttons, you will see), and toilets that can cough up blood, when baths can extract acid from them, just use it as part of your fun! Because that's what makes him really fun. Such films are the 80s slashers. Never again would such films be made, you know why? It's no longer the 80s. That's why they should only be kept for what they are, good fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a hardcore fan of Slahser like on Friday. Another notation that this film had a villain, Marty Rantzen. Destroyed, stupid, who kills all his old enemies in the nasty Jester Mask. A good criminal is a good slasher. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty, apparently committed suicide shortly after Slaughter High was released. This adds something to the film and creeps and it seems that you are still sorry for Marty's character. All in all, great 80s slashers of fun! It's a pity that will never be the same again ...
