Edward Burtinski is a Canadian photographer who makes art from the least "skilful" objects imaginable. Everyday things such as boxes, boxes, metal containers, etc. - objects that most of us experience as utility at best and they are dismissed as completely without aesthetic value - instead they are transformed into magnificent objects of the Bart's Burty's camera. He achieves this result by focusing on repetitive colors and geometric patterns that are obviously always present in the industrialized world - for those who are sufficiently perceptive to see them, that is. Even a bunch of compacted garbage can become objects of beauty when seen through the Burtinski lens (but we did not already know from Vall-E?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards in which man has already made a decline in nature - which can explain why sometimes even people in his paintings (ie Workers in these places), their uniform suits and robotic movements, become part of an industrial landscape. "Manufactured landscapes," a documentary about Burtinsky's work, has many feelings about "Koiaaniskatsi" about it because it blinds us with its rich kaleidoscope of images and patterns. . Indeed, the director Jennifer Baichwal and filmmaker Peter Mettler capture the essence of original photos in purely cinematic terms, such as Burtynsky and his assistant who photographed filming in a factory in China, a shipyard in Bangladesh and a construction site for the Three Rivers Gorge Massive Project in China. With their fluid camera, the authors of the film compares the beauty of Burtin's paintings. In fact, the film opens with a stunning photo shoot of the Chinese factory for eight minutes, in which hundreds of similarly trained workers work in perfectly symmetrical lines in color. The film works less when Burtsky approaches the articulation of the "theme" of his work, which, frankly speaking, comes out sounding confused, contradictory and resolutely half-baked. But, as a pure aesthetic experience, the emphasis on image and form, the "Landscaped landscapes" are the most revered. In the case of Burtin, perhaps, the picture is worth a thousand words.
