I heard this film as a study of the landscape photographer's landscape by presenting beauty in the deconstruction of the natural landscape of man. This has certainly shown tremendous activity in locating locations, uploading images and capturing crisp pictures whose ultimate destinations are artistic studies around the world. Compiled in motion pictures, it's really terrible. This film lightens you by replacing the shock of the horrible pictures with the gentle waves of a wonderful industrial sound surface that keeps you as a slow word. Each sequence stands alone, but in combination you get deeper and deeper into the feeling of irresistibility. Little is said, and this allows the greatness of what has been shown to preach in its own way. A terrible, massive factory filled with human automata living in hopelessly lifeless dormitories. Individuals die early as they search for waste that can be recycled in the mountains of our E-waste. The birth of gigantic ships and their manual demolition in giant cemeteries. Construction of the Three-Door Dam, the largest industrial project in human history and probably for all time. The interruption of time as a city dies and at the same time is reborn in a replica of modernity that deliberately destroys all the relics of culture that was. The most terrible picture for me was a dam engineer who explains that the most important function of the dam was flood control. The shoot is transferred to the orchard behind the spokesperson, where you see the level of the last flood from the toxic water that ate the bark from the trees, showing that nothing but the most irritating pests can live in the waters. <Apparently unpublished is far more powerful than your normal documentary film Save the Earth. Artist Edward Burtinski explains the method beautifully. 'Not saying what you need to see ?? Many people today sit in an uncomfortable place where you do not want to give up on what we have, but we realize that we create problems that are deep. It is not simply right or wrong. He needs a whole new way of thinking. Subtlety is reduced to or / or proposed, but the image of the film screams that the decision was largely adopted in favor of the dark side. Although it has never been pronounced directly in any way, the waves of what you testify to wash your mind and you think, there is only one conclusion? We're gone. The progress of humankind, which is inexorable from our nature, leaves behind a slaughter that this artist finds in scary beauty. What he actually catches is traces of my lemons who unconsciously clash with our own death. Unlike most movies with environmental topics, this ends without a call to weapons. She essentially claims what is the point, but makes sure that everyone is blamed on all of us equally.
