This is a documentary that emerged from the brilliant work of a Canadian photographer of landscapes whose interest has long been devastated by excavations or human structures on earth. Starting with a huge complex of the factory packed with people who make a great variety of small things, it is assumed that parts of high technology; It's not clear. The emphasis is on how much this place is large and how many people are there and how they turn into small yellow jackets. The film also shows a high-structure photographer to do some kind of these people outside the factory, and talk to her crew while she does. This is a world of ruthless industrialization. At least it's a relief to know that these soulless images will not be presented without a human voice, as is the case in a cheerful documentary film about the food industry, "Our Everyday Bread". The 'landscaped landscapes' contain images of people throwing e-waste and the city (many cities, really) that have been erased from the largest dam ever, with one single trademark of a little girl in the ruins of her neighborhood eating from a bowl using a couple of eating sticks is almost bigger than her. Some of these scenes, those with poorly repressed workers who are celebrating in dangerous and poisonous places, may have been remembered by the Prime Minister of English photographer Sebastian Salgado. But this photographer is not interested in seeing people close up. His orientation places him somewhere between Salgado and cool, neutral, modern landscape photos by Levis Baltz. All of this happens in China, of course, although there are earlier shots in black and white photographers. around a large site for shipbuilding in Bangladesh. It is supported by music in Nev Age industrial style, which is alternately calming and depressing. There are many photos of photographic work - or are some of them made by film crews? That's not clear. Edward Burtinski is the name of the photographer. We see people wandering through the exhibits of his beautiful work - a great dramatic picture of carefully assembled color photos of a camera with a beautiful glow. The irony is that Burtinski makes such unique and magnificent pictures of places that are essentially weakened, and the ordinary eye is burdensome and boring. He acknowledges that he does not take any political opinion. When we can compare his paintings with those captured by the roaming eye of filmmaker Peter Metler, the work of Burtinski almost represents some type of glorification and thus falsification. But he shows us the places that, if we look better, they discover their full dark story of devastation and neglect, no matter how beautifully their photos were made. Logically, but not completely fortunate, is Burtinski, whose voices speak of most of the film because they are moving in different locations. Burtyn's "epiphany" may have inspired decades of good work, but they are just truisms about how we change the planet irreversibly; Depend on oil, which will expire; that China has slowly entered the game of massive industrialization, and thus can burn early with the depletion of fossil fuels. The interest in 'Made Landscapes' would be much greater if it were accompanied by new ideas. The reasons for watching are two: to see the flashes of Burtinsky's work and raw material, the space he visits and chronicles so beautifully; and to observe scenes from the vast, terrible, terrifying and rather terrifying industrialization of modern China. Due to narration limitations, the idea of ​​the title 'Made Landscapes' seems insufficiently developed. It even seems wrong. New landscapes are, but they are a by-product of production, not "produced". 'Landscape landscapes' or 'lost landscapes' can be better titles. This documentary leaves a lot of space for an intellectual search for a film about this intriguing theme; and those who want to learn more about Edvard Burtinski may be studying his books or exhibitions better.
