I read several mixed reviews, and several of them completely destroyed the film. I was initially interested in this project because it was directed by Tony Scott and I became very interested in his work after Man On Fire had such a profound impact on me. Before I start reviewing, let me first say this ... it's wonderful to see that this movie could be told in a boring and plain way, but writers and Scott have chosen a different approach. Plot: Simply put, it's not bored. Most Hollywood films give "tried and true" complications that he knows will connect with people, often ensuring that the audience accepts the film and creates a higher likelihood of profit. This plot was one of the most interesting I've seen for a while. Just for reference, I recently watched 'The Veather Man' and 'Lord of Var', and while I say these films are great, I enjoyed both of them both, the stories in these films are boring and they were told exactly how would you expect them to be told? They do not risk at all and are extremely predictable after watching a lot of American films. The Domino shop is both interesting and apt in the way that keeps you in mind: "Oh, man, they're fucked up now." And I feel that many recent films are missing. It has a lot of depth, in my opinion, and gives you many things that you can put into question as you look at them. All in all, this made me so interested in the film. Characters: <br /> <br /> I felt that the characters are correct. Knightley did the wonderful job of showing a beautiful woman, who was all just not inside and wanted to be seen as she was. It was obvious that she wanted to prove and take everything she had to achieve. Choco was also very convincing, his use of Spanish in inadequate situations, his reactions to Domino's absence of love, and his jealous questions in the team ... they all told me the truth, which made me feel his character is more realistic. Rourke's character was the least interesting to me, but it still sounded true to me. He looked like an ordinary guy, trying to put an end to the end. I hope this is what filmmakers tried to achieve with him, because that's what I pulled out of him. He did a very good job of showing Ed in the average mode of work that made his mistakes, but still trying to live. Claremont / Ladies: I believe they have provided so much needed heart on the story. They were not just people who were getting money to buy Bentley, they were the right people who had the real problem and asked others to achieve this goal. You could sympathize with them because their child's disease was a problem without any other solution. These characters were supposed to show real people who were less fortunate who got into this mess because they needed help. Gangsters: It seemed that the story looks mean in a way that only a mob can. And I really liked that part. They also extended the story to the small intricacies that made the plot much more interesting. Christopher Valken / Boys: They have provided comic relief in otherwise very serious film. . From Valken's awkward statements to uninterrupted references to boys who were. Their participation in the film made it even more pleasant. Cinema .... yes .... cinema. This film seems to have lost many potential fans. But in my opinion, I thought it was genius, using the camera to translate the mood of the current situation was extremely effective in my opinion. I considered it a method that was properly implemented, but it can always use improvement, just like anything else. I both welcome and congratulate Scott, the editor, cameraman and photographer at the right opportunity for this film. Not only did they go far and wide, but they went much further. The use of colors, extremely light and extremely dark, has enabled the "look" of the film with an evil and grunted appearance that accurately describes the life of a mafia, head hunter and less fortune in a way that shows that their life is not "peachy or" clean " If you notice, at a time of less stress or conflict, there were very few tricks with cameras, if any. This shows that Scott and his team were trying to achieve something with this look and they did not just do it. most people who watched this movie are not expected and that causes many of them to be excluded in this film, but I think it was great that Scott took this approach. Hollywood films have become predictable and mild. Most of them are shot in the same way with the same craft. And I'm glad that Scott tried to do something different. However, this film is not for everyone, but to say that it is garbage and that there is nothing to offer, completely missing the point. I fully enjoyed this film and I'm glad I spent the money for it. I would recommend this to everyone, but I'm sure it will only hit a little. I have to agree with an earlier poster when he said that many of those who refuse to see outside of 'MTV' will not appreciate this movie, but I think that many people will. We all should try to enjoy what Scott and co. he took some chances and tried to deliver something that was different and unique. With that in mind, I think he managed to be terrifying.
