As soon as I knew that Keira Knightelei in this film, I said "I have to watch this movie". She's the main hero, Domino, a blackbird hunter. Her "work", in order to teach us scenes without action, reflects her rebellious, violent attitude towards life. I have to admit that this is the first time I've seen an action movie whose most important scenes are those in which the rifles are far from the hands of characters. So this has made me a little tricky. In any case, for all fans of John Vu, helicopters are falling, explosions, shooting as if rain falls, and beautiful Keira that shoots two machine guns, one by one. Actors are absolutely brilliant. Behind Keire, who is the real momboi in this film, quite different from the beautiful action figure we are used to see, Mickey Rourke returned with his usual face and his powerful body. Christopher Valken is doing his job well, as a producer of reality shov. We go to the content: this film has a journalistic form. The "talk show" scene is "disgusting" real. Everyone who watched this load. . . you-know-what, you can say it's the air that breathes in these situations. Like the producer, when Domino's mother says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "garbage, no offense," he replies: "I do not understand it as an offense." This film shows a difficult life. Domino, who came from a world he did not want, Edge (Mickei Rourke), a blackbird fighter, Choco (the third type of band), a family (using Ed's words), a "corrective institute" and Alf, a driver / bomber who came from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people in a way represents humanity born "without a t-shirt": unhappy, violent, and has nothing to lose, except for their (as they would consider) poor lives The introduction to the film says it is "inspired by a true story ... more or less," so that I can not tell you how precise it is In any case, regardless of the explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the movie easier to watch and classified as an action movie), the character story is too realistic to be "processed." Interaction between characters It's diverse, well-studied and definitely not boring. What has not been convinced me so much is the role of a psychiatrist (Lucie Liu, sober-minded as never in the acting career). That's just why Domino begins to talk about her story (and that's the story). Probably, the only "con", in a movie with many "professionals". All in all: This is not "SVAT". The characters are made; They have an identity, a form. They have their first and last name (not just Gamble and Street). This is the case that it is said, it's a biography of a girl whose life passed quickly as a bullet.
