Domino is widely condemned on this site due to its frenetic editing and "tedious" photography. These are critics who cite their superficiality and criticize her putting in a "style over substance". I believe "Domino" represents the absolute height of Tony Scott's film career. After the late 1980s and early 1990s created the dominant Hollywood action movie, Toni Scott progressively approached the subjective film. Already in Crimson Tide, Scott used his stylish talent to display the inner worlds of his characters - claustrophobia and drama-like conflict at the nuclear submarine, embodied in the excellent use of long lenses in combination with corner angles. It was then transferred to the "Enemy of the State" and "Spy Game," which visually represented the worlds of surveillance and espionage. "Man on Fire" was an extreme departure, a move in an expressionist that is more aesthetically painstaking. Here Scott used an outdated camera and flashlight to express the explosive anger of his character. Although she did not fully succeed, she introduced techniques that were supposed to find her full expression in "Domino". In the FBI's "Domino" device, the life of a notorious head hunter through her narration is remote. separated memory fragments. She sees memories as all of us - in fragments, flashes, and short pieces. While Domino transmits his story verbally, Scott transmits it visually and illustrates not only the events he describes, but also the view that leads them. She has "clues of mescaline" in her system, but her individual vision is unusual anyway - that she is a woman who has avoided the luxury of luxury hunting. When Domino starts linking events that led to her capture, Scott really allows them to break up. Together with filmmaker Dan Mindel and composer Harry Gregson Villiams Scott orchestrates the postmodern canvas of contemporary Americans. Gradually we begin to realize that it is unusual, although she may be Domino, more unrelated to the culture "90210" she has rejected. As it passes through this cultural melancholy, Scott makes his viewer aware of the virginity that he destroys through the poor children he introduces narration. Finally, Scott shows their salvation as the only escape we have from this surreal journey. To criticize this film because it is overly stylized is similar to criticizing Picasso or Pollock because it does not represent what is recognizable humanly. Like every big picture, the meaning in "Domino" is on the surface, and the surface is everything. I'm not in any way affiliated with Scott Free, but I've always been and continue to be a great fan of Tony Scott's work
