Previous Notice: I'm sure someone will charge me for playing a card here, but when I saw a preview for this movie, I thought "Finally!" I have not yet seen a movie about a popular African dance (whether it's about popular hip hop movements, breaking or walking) where the main character was black. I saw too many films in which a non-black woman who did not know anything about hip-hop came fresh in the hood and did the central job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but Black Women in the movie almost did not exists. This has always bothered me in view of so many hip-hop, African dance influences, and breaking up with Blacks and Latinos in large quantities in these particular sets and there were not always men who performed it, so I felt that this movie long time coming. However, the race does not film the film, so I wanted it to carry a convincing plot; dance is fun; and interesting to watch. Professionals: I really enjoyed this film, bringing Jamaica culture. I can not recall that I have ever seen a popular, mainstream film in which all major characters were Jamaica; had convincing accents; and they were not stereotyped with beanie. Steppers, family, friends, and even "bandits" were really intelligent, real people who tried to love, live and survive in the neighborhood in which they lived doing something positive. Even when the audience was aware that the main character's sister had chosen an alternative lifestyle, it still did not make it stereotypical. I was pleased with the way it was shown. I liked to walk; romantic flirting connection between two steps; the trials through which the parents of the protagonist passed; and how she dealt with returning to her old neighborhood and dealing with crab barrels. I respected her that she was so intelligent and active at the same time, and so many other sisters in the film shifted to the world. Everyone was great as guys. I do not see this in too many movies today, at least not those who would be considered black films. Cons: I'm not quite sure why the directors or whoever filmed the film did this, but I wonder if they were on the right step. Whenever the steppes were ready to perform, a hip hop song would be played instead of the stepper's hands / feet. In the right direction, there is no need for music, except for the entertainment of audiences between groups. And then, when hip-hop songs were played, sometimes the rhythm of the song was in the rhythm of the arm and leg of the steppe. It was awkward. I was impressed by the step in this film compared to Stomp the Iard (another big step movie) because women had to be as furious as the guys (in "Stomp the Iard", Meagan Good got everything from a few seconds some spray tvirl and flip hair and (Deltas?) dropped singing and a few steps and were immediately cut out). Even when there were very small scenes, the ladies ripped it off, especially in the car workshop, and without all that music to quench their physical music. I know that music must be sold, but movie people could play music in other parts of the film. I'm not a Keishia Cole fan, so every time I see her, I've always thought: "Is it written in a letter that keeps her hand on her side when she talks?" The screen seemed embarrassing to me. I thought they should use the host as Free or Rocchi. Derai Davis was as funny as usual. Also, I was tired when I learned that the film should have been in the ghetto, as if the walk could not have happened anywhere else. Hollivood, as usual. However, only a few people are shown as overly ignorant because of their neighbors and losers, which mainstream films tend to work. I would give this film five stars, but music has killed. For me. I definitely plan to buy it when it comes up and I hope the bonus scene will include real steps without all the songs.
