SPOILERS THROUGH: I'm really in a minority on this, but this movie I liked. It's not a classic, but it definitely involves driving adrenaline. I definitely thought it was worth at least 7 grades. Perhaps the reason I like it is that I did not see the original. Something tells me that a movie like this strongest fan will be people who have not seen the original version and so have little to compare. This was not a masterpiece, but I entered a lot of it and actually made me see the original. There were a few things that I liked. One was the Kovalksky casting. Viggo Mortenson was remarkable and he really brought a lot of charisma to the role. Since most films fell on his shoulders, he really had to be great and he was. This was a big part for him. Another interesting thing about Vansishing Point is the fact that it was made for television. I had no idea that it was the case when I looked at him. It must have seemed like a big movie and I would never have thought that this is not a great edition on the screen. I also discovered that the story is very absorbent. I'm not one of the action movies, but I got into this. In addition, there was much more than an action movie in that drama, mysticism, love story, strange people how you turned. (I did not even recognize the priest.) And that was touching. This was not a great movie, but it can be watched. And there is the end. It has a strong blow and if someone has been involved in a story to that point, it is very difficult not to be transformed at the very end. I'm not sure how I feel towards the end. The implication was that Kovkanski survived and although I am very skeptical about how it would be possible, it is a film, and realism is not an ingredient that is always in the mix when filming a movie. So I must say that the end is incredibly unreal, but very touching in a manipulative way, which I usually do not like, but for some reason, it's almost oppressive in this movie. However, many things were just a complication requisite (did the criminals were more stereotyped?) But the producers had a lot of rights even if they were wrong. However, after I say this, I admit that I can understand why someone who is a great fan of the originally hated this version, because, even though I did not see the original, I saw many original movies that I liked to reshape with terrible results. (My big dislike is actually a sequel.) But I can understand low grades if the original is of such high quality. People compared this to Smoki and Bandit. What do you say on the road version of "Legends Of The Fall" that meets with "Thelma and Louise"? I felt the touch of both films (I am both a fan.) I do not think, however, that this was a great movie. He was better than the average for me, but far from the big one. But it was an absorbing, adrenaline-filled, touching movie with a great casting of the protagonist. My vote is 7 out of 10.
