In the film adaptation of Canadian director Kari Skogland, the novel by Margaret Laurence Kameni angel Ellen Burstin is Hagar Shiplei, a proud and shy woman who is approaching the nineties and who wants to remain independent until the end, stubbornly refusing to be placed in the nursing home of the benevolent son of Marvin. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada and set in the fictitious city of Manavaca, Stone Angel is a clear and conventional interpretation of a book that has been compulsory for reading in Canadian high school English classes for almost half a century. The title of the film comes from a stone statue erected on the grave of Hagar's mother, which serves as a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express emotions during his turbulent life. Burstin leads to endangerment and humor, but is a little overly cute to fully realize an ego-led, self-confident character who managed to alienate his rich father, her benevolent, but alcoholic husband, and both her sons. As she approached the end of her days, she reflected that "pride was my wildness, and the demon who led me there was scared. I was alone, never anything else, and never free because I carried my chains in me, and they they spread in themselves, and they spread from me and everything I touched. " Facing the fact that I have to spend my last days in the nursing home, Hagar looks back at her life and looks at her unsuccessful relationships, and her memories of retrospect without a voice -over narration. The story begins with a dance that she attended as a young girl. Accompanied by her aunt Dolly, she met her future wife, formerly married Brama Shingleia (Cole / Vings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation in the city was condemned for his connection with the indigenous Indians. Young Hagar plays Christine Horne, who is remarkable in his first feature role. Despite Hagar's request, her relationship with Bram is rejected by her cold and cruel father whose rejection to attend the wedding begins marriage on the wrong leg. This worsens by leaving all of its money to the city of Manavaki, condemning a young couple to live in poverty. Passing through the suggestions of her marriage to Brahma, Hagar withdraws from social activities in preventing them from being rejected by the higher classes of the city. When she produced two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), she is unable to give them the love they need. "Every joy I could have in my man or any of my children or even the ordinary light of the morning," she says, "were all forced to stop because of some interruption in the right appearance? When did I ever speak the truth of the heart?" Like the biblical The Hagar who escaped in the wilderness because she could not tolerate further insults with her pride, Hagar leaves Manavaku to live in Ontario, but eventually returns to the Shiplei farm. As the scene shifts to the present, Hagar escapes to an abandoned house near an ocean remembered from childhood to escape from placement in the nursing home of Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthi), here she meets a young man the name of Leo (Luke Kirby) who is interested in her and compels her to look and take responsibility for the mistakes she has made in her life. The stone angel extracts all emotional stashes, but never develops his characteristics to the point where I felt any sting in the outcome of the story, although the lively performance of Ellen Paige as John's devoted, but naive girls and moving end-scenes brings new energy. in the second half of the film.
