I was surprised how much I enjoyed this deliberately delivered drama, which, due to its rather immeasurable 6.6 rating, almost missed; as I seldom give the time of the day to any movie rated below 7/10. Saying that, I'm so glad that I saw Stone Angel so much that he deserved so much. You also need to, if you are one of the rarely sensitive, mental and imaginary types of people left on this earth in a living form. I have to say it in many ways (though not all), viz. his themes, execution, style, production, etc., Stone Angel reminded me very much of the much-praised "Notebooks". I'm surprised that other commentators have not noticed many similarities that have hit me repeatedly in this movie, so I can only assume that those who have written comments have yet to see the Notebook. Perhaps they do not share any topic of the Alzheimer's, but I can say with certainty that if you enjoy the Notebook, you will surely find plenty of time for a fruitful engagement of time with the "Stone Angel". But even if you did not see the Notebook, or read the book on which this move is based (which, incidentally, neither of you), you should definitely find a lot of things to keep your attention - as long as your favorite genres do not include fast action. This is a film for thinkers and those who like to remind themselves of the passage of time, how life changes how years pass, and what could have happened in life as seen over the years. This bizarre understated, but an excellent movie really deserves a score of around 8/10. For 11% of the idiots who gave it 1/10 I can only blame the current bad rating of 6.6 / 10. After all, he has attracted less than 300 votes at the time of writing this comment. Still, if those 11% who gave him the lowest possible ranking, they really expected a hunt for cars and explosions why they did not look ... even a few seconds at film premise and promotional lines? Oh, my God ... Whatever the world is, do not miss this most expensive gem of the movie - but only * if * you have a brain (ie your top ten do not include Transformers, Fight Club and The Terminator).
