I'm wondering how this film (and most others have an average of 5 stars and less when shitty movies are on average 7 to 10 stars on the IMDb.) Fanbo's mentality is again attacking, when this film came out, almost everyone shook it. I said that this film was questioned. I later sat down to watch this movie and I found myself enjoying it, even a little laughing. I do not see that most Fukuo films are smarter than what Michael Bai came up with, in any case ... Story: Alvin Sanders (Jamie Fokk) is a former convict who is using it no-nonsense n agent Edgar (David Morse) as a pawn to catch a killer named Bristol (Doug Hutchinson). Alvin's every move is accompanied by a bead implanted in his jaw after an accident. Bristol is for the golden bricks that were taken robbery upside down. /> Jamie Fokk is as funny as Alvin Sanders Alvin is a quick speaker who is much smarter than what he thinks Doug Hutchinson is fine as Bristol He can sometimes be superior in his behavior to John Malkovitcheskue. He was better than Loonei Bin Jim in the Punisher: Var Zone. David Morz is as good as a treasury agent. Even Mike Epps is as funny as Alvin's brother, Stevie. Both he and Jamie had some funny moments on the screen. The only drawback of the film is that some triller attempts are on fire. The scenario at the horse race is far above the top, but I could not take my eyes off. The director went there to get points for it. In addition, the scene of the bomb with the treasury agent's agent while the detonator was lying on the door was quite beautiful. All in all, bait is not a bad movie with a long shot. It was never boring, it was always funny and I did not check my watch every minute. That should count on something. The bait is one of the most attractive films of the 2000 period. PS: A reviewer who claimed that this movie is too violent ... How long have you lived under the stone? I'm pretty sure you've watched the Die Hard series and ANY movie Quentin Tarantino. But these movies are not violent? Veirdo.
