What is inexplicable? First, the hatred towards this movie. It may not be the best movie of all time, but give me a break, it has 11 Oscars for a reason, it made EIGHT HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS for a reason. It's a good movie. What contributes to the other inexplicable aspect of it. I have no idea why this movie left me so impressed when I saw it in theaters. I've seen it again on TV and video, and it did not have the impact I had when I saw it on the big screen (actually twice, or maybe three times). But that could be, the appeal of it. It is a film, yes, the capital M there, it is an epic, it is a spectacle of the order of What the wind took or Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seem a bit foolish to me, with the performance of Hammy and the excessive melodrama. It's not that the Titanic does not have any of that. Well, the acting was actually very good. The melodrama was quite heavy at times. <br /> <br /> But the reason why Titanic works is that it's such an emotional journey. Usually, I enjoy movies that stimulate the mind or give me a visual emotion. This movie is not exactly silly, but it's not cerebral at all. Visual emotions are simply means to an end, to feed the emotions of the audience. I did not cry when Bambi's mother died, I do not react to the tearful ones. But this is a ten million power tear, an emotional roller coaster that, if it were a normal one, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl. And I'm sure if you see it in a video and you decide that you hate it, and you have a supply of cynicism ready, then you can not like this movie. But if you let the disbelief be suspended a little, if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt, you will enjoy it completely. And watch the ten highest grossing films of all time. Is one of them bad? Is one of them worth a score of 1 out of 10? No, not even The Phantom Menace. And this movie made 1.8 BILLION DOLLARS around the world. It can not be bad Impossible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p.s. How can anyone even consider comparing this with Spiderman? Spiderman was a fun movie, but he was a 9/11 total knee player which caused him to become as rude as he did. It just was not anything so special. Nobody will remember it in 50 years. but I'm pretty sure the Titanic will be remembered.
