Titanic is a long but well-made story of tragic love of adventure that takes place during the unfortunate journey on the unsinkable ship. The writer / director James Cameron has done a great job in making this film about a fictional love story between two very different people and combining it with the real event of the Titanic that sank after hitting an iceberg on April 15, 1912 and It claimed thousands of lives. It perished in the icy waters of the North Atlantic. The two protagonists of the film are excellent in their roles, including Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. They make a good couple on the screen. DiCpario and Winslet also had a genuine chemistry together, which made the romance that eventually blossoms between them much more credible. Both showed a real talent when it came out and both continued to show that also in their most recent films. The rest of the cast, including Billy Zane, Kathy Bates, Frances Fisher, Jonathan Hyde and Bill Paxton in a small role are as impressive as their characters that help bring them to life in this film. The love story, the action, the suspense and the special effects are magnificent facts especially for that moment. The horror of the situation in which the characters felt was so real because it really happened, which makes most of them survive this life or death situation. The pace was a bit slow at times and it was a bit long, but the rest of the movie made up for its few flaws. Titanic is a great dating movie that will surely make some girls cry almost every time they see them. The fact that this really happened definitely contributed to the movie making you feel bad for all the lives lost when the Titanic sank in the Atlantic after hitting an iceberg. The Titanic in general is a tragic and heartbreaking story about two people who fall in love while traveling on the unfortunate ship that comes to life through the exceptional performances of the cast, especially DiCaprio and Winslet, who definitely make this movie worthwhile.
