In 1997, I remember that year: Clinton banned the cloning investigation, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also the great year in the launch of Titanic, one of the greatest movies of all time: a story about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are fired by their social class and At the height of his emotional commitment, the ship encounters disaster. I do not think anyone could expect Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them were teenagers, I was 12 years old at that time and, of course, I saw the movie several times. It was the movie that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At the moment I felt that Titanic could not do anything wrong, of course I grew up and I did not see the movie since I was 14, a couple of years ago I saw the movie on DVD for 5.99 and I thought it was a good price and to see what I thought of the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was that Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know it's silly to say, but I went back to watch the movie. Being completely honest here, Titanic is a great movie, the best movie of all time, no, it just depends on your idea of ​​a good movie, but Titanic is delivered in romance, humor, disaster, emotions and never let us go in this maiden voyage. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic, in search of a necklace set with a valuable blue diamond called Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessfully, instead, they discover the drawing of a reclining naked young woman, dressed in the Heart of the Ocean, dating from the day the Titanic sank. Rose Dawson Calvert, 101, learns about the drawing and communicates with Lovett to inform her that she is the woman of the drawing. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptical team on his rescue boat. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert remembers her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that it was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the 17-year-old upper class, Rose, boards the ship with her boyfriend, Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, who emphasize the importance of Rose's commitment to Cal since marriage will mean the eradication of Dewitt. Bukater: While they have the outward appearance of the upper class, Rose and her mother are financially broken. Distressed and frustrated by her commitment to controlling Cal and the pressure her mother is exerting on her to carry out the marriage, Rose tries to commit suicide by jumping from the stern. Before it jumps, a vagabond and artist called Jack Dawson intervenes. Jack and Rose make a tentative friendship while she thanks him for saving his life, and he shares stories of his traveling and drawing adventures; Their bond deepens when they leave a formal first-class dinner with the rich rich class for a much more lively meeting of Irish dance, music and beer in third class. But after Cal's servant informs her of Rose's whereabouts, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. However, after seeing a woman encourage her seven-year-old daughter to behave like a "proper lady" in tea, Rose challenges him and her mother, and asks Jack to make a sketch of his nude and carry only the Heart of the Ocean, a gift of commitment. of lime. After a beautiful moment together in the first moment of fun in the backseat, they go to the deck of the ship. <br /> <br /> Then they witness the fatal collision of the ship with an iceberg. After listening to the ship's observers discussing how serious the collision is, Rose tells Jack that they should warn her mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal discovers Rose's nude drawing and her mocking note in her safe, so it frames Jack for stealing the Heart of the Ocean by having Lovejoy in Jack's pocket. Upon learning that Cal intends to let Jack die under cover, Rose flees from him and his mother to rescue him. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck. Cal and Jack, although the enemies, both want Rose to be safe, so they persuade her to board a lifeboat. But after realizing he can not leave Jack, Rose gets on the ship and meets Jack on the first class ladder of the ship. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboats are gone, and the ship finally goes down to the icy Atlantic, knocking Jack and Rose down. <br /> <br /> So the Titanic lives up to expectations? I still say that this is a great movie to watch, I think there were and still there are enough enemies who, for some reason, just want to destroy the film because it won many awards and everyone was in love with the movie. . But it has a great performance, surprising effects, a well written story and still looks impeccable. Love it or hate it, you have to admit that this movie did not get too much exaggeration just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing ability to cry, this movie is something special. It will always have a special place in my heart, since I also saw that I saw this movie 8 times in the theater when it was released. But aside from that, I recommend this movie, it's an excellent and sure one that will happen to the classics someday. <br /> <br /> 10/10
