['Titanic, directed by James Cameron, presents a fictional love story about the historical environment of the Titanic. The plot is simple, not complicated or not for those who love the plots that spin and spin and keep you in suspense. The end of the film can be found out a few minutes after the start of the film, but the love story is interesting, however. Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young woman committed by Cal (Billy Zane). At the beginning of the trip, Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a low-class artist who heads to the United States after winning his ticket aboard the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it unlike the upper class who are so concerned about their social concerns. The two fall in love and the public sees the sinking of the Titanic mainly through their eyes. <br /><br /> The movie begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreck by a group that seeks treasures, which sank with the Titanic, which has recently occurred. One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who had heard about the exploration of the sinister on television and is taken to the ship from where the search takes to tell what he remembers to help in the search. She comes to tell his memory of the only trip of the Titanic. With this, the scene moves to Southhampton, Ireland, from where the Titanic left on April 10, 1912 when all passengers embark. After another stop on the Irish coast, the Titanic left to see on its maiden voyage across the Atlantic bound for New York. Historically, the first days of the trip passed without incident, but the fictional plot of the story unfolds during this time when Rose sees the desperate trap of a compromise in which she meets the wealthy Cal Hockley and falls in love with a third-class passenger. class. Jack Dawson. The director of White Star Line urged Captain Smith, as shown in the film, to increase the speed of the ship so that they appear in the headlines of the newspapers and receive additional publicity when arriving in New York on Thursday night and not Friday morning as scheduled. Smith then ordered that the fateful decision be against his thirty-two years of experience to stretch the Titanic&#39;s legs at full speed. The Titanic reported that the waters in the Atlantic in which they sailed were full of icebergs, but ignored these warnings and advanced at full speed as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912 at 11:39, an iceberg was sighted. They tried turning off the engines and shutting the ship off the path of the iceberg, but there was not enough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard side as shown in the movie. The representation of the many small holes in the side of the boat and not a single large cut along the side is precise. The crew of the Titanic sent distress calls and activated the relief rockets as shown until 2:18, when the lights finally failed. The lights of California were seen six miles away, but they did not realize what was happening and did not respond to the many requests for help from the Titanic. The California had tried to warn the Titanic about the severe ice that had caused them to stop their trip, but the Titanic had taken them away, which caused the California to turn off its radio and leave the Titanic on its own. First-class women and children were the first to show up in the twenty lifeboats that were on the ship. Overwhelmingly, third-class passengers suffered the most deaths of all classes and the crew was also affected in this tragedy. The word of the employees of White Star Line and the passengers of first class was believed more than the one of the passengers of second and third class when the authorities tried to obtain information on the sinking. In addition, the metal that was used to build the Titanic has been found in recent years in conditions of intense cold, which were experienced the night the Titanic sank extremely fragile. In general, the basic plot is very precise as to the events and the moments when these events took place on the Titanic. <br /><br /> Many of the characters in the story were not real and were created simply for the purpose of the film or as composite characters to represent the possible characteristics and ideas of the people on the ship. The core group of Rose, Jack, Cal and Rose&#39;s mother were all fictional characters added to the story, as they represent different groups of people of the time. However, many characters, such as Molly Brown, unsinkable; Captain Edward Smith; the designer of the ship, Thomas Andrew; the representative of White Star Line, Bruce Ismay; and all the Titanic officers were real. The inaugural trip was going to be Captain Edward Smith&#39;s last trip anyway, since he planned to retire later. He had been part of the White Star Line since 1880, where he made his way to his status as Captain of the Millionaires when the Titanic sank. The representations of the officers are precise since only four survived the tragedy, except the officer who threatened to kill all the passengers of the ship with his pistol. It is known that he acted heroically and was misinterpreted to the point that James Cameron apologized and evoked a monument in his honor in the ancient hometown of Canada. As shown in the film, there was a language problem between the crew and many of the lower class passengers from non-English speaking countries. In addition, Officer Lowe was the only officer to return in the lifeboat as shown. The old people who saw themselves in their bed when the water entered their room were based on Strauss&#39;s. Not wanting to leave her husband&#39;s side, Ms. Strauss refused to get on her lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic. In addition, Mr. Goggenheim, who was shown drinking his brandy and smoking a cigar, allegedly went out into the street in his best clothes. The richest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, also died, but his much younger wife was saved in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was saved and then medals were made for the Carpethia crew that picked up the survivors of the Titanic from the water. His ticket on the Titanic had cost more than four thousand dollars and at the end of his life it ended up broken. All the interiors of the ship were masterfully replaced until the last pieces of porcelain and silverware. The gym, which can hardly be seen, is perfectly recreated with all the machines reproduced to match those seen in old photographs. The wonderful dress and costumes were an excellent recreation of the post-Victorian era of 1912. The rich at this time practically ruled everything, since the women&#39;s suffrage movement had not yet moved at all. Women during this time were often married for financial security, since Rose was considering doing so and normally took marathon status with their husbands as Cal wanted Rose to do. The rich did not accept the &quot;new money&quot;, like Molly Brown, as shown. All the time it was very formal. The women had to be accompanied to dinner for a male figure as seen in the food scenes. Smoking was not very common among women of the time, but people who smoked cigarettes, who were just arriving at that time, were used as seen with Rose in the movie. Men of the time usually smoked cigarettes, not cigarettes. Women were physically constrained by their corsets and socially by society. Although James Cameron had no experience in historical films, he brought in experts from the Titanic along with two years of cross reference to the history of the Titanic and some freedoms were taken. The beautiful cinematography and special effects also helped make the film even more impressive. <br /><br /> You can see a recognizable message in the movie Titanic since the people on the ship had approximately three hours to contemplate his disappearance. The director, James Cameron, shows the various reactions to this moment of crisis in the lives of people. Everyone reacts differently and he makes you think of how you could have reacted if you had been in that situation on the Titanic on that fateful night. In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990s when it was produced, as it gives a glimpse of the remains of the Titanic. Only in the last fifteen years has the site of the real Titanic been found and explored. This movie was able to give us a deeper insight into a disaster that many would not have seen. However, the moral question arises as to whether people today should be taking treasures from the remains of an underwater cemetery. There have been attempts to stop treasure-hunting missions, such as the one shown on the Titanic, but all have failed. As it is today, anyone can make a trip to the Titanic and take the valuables they represent in the film that shows the general values of our time in this matter. <br /><br /> Technically the film is very well made. To obtain images of the shipwreck at the bottom of the ocean, it took twelve dives to obtain all the images necessary for the film. In addition, a special chamber had to be created to withstand the intense pressure at the bottom of the ocean. Cameron did not plan to use the probe to go as far inside the Titanic as no one had in the 88 years since the ship sank, but it turned out that this provided a unique perspective on the ship. In addition, throughout the film, they vanish from the wreck of the Titanic to the scene of the Titanic during their actual journey. This change from the modern scene to the last scene during the trip works as an excellent transition that makes the story easy to follow in a clear way. At the beginning of the film, a recreation is used in the month of September to recreate the scene when real people left the European coast on the Titanic and are distinguished from the rest of the events in the film. <br /><br /> The Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true epic. Like most history novels, we know the end, but it does not take away the wonderful goodies that can be found in this image. Certain aspects of this film are Academy Award materials that include clothing, sound, cintematography, and editing. If you like interesting characters that will give you an idea of the life of the characters in the early 1900s and how they face disaster, then this movie is definitely for you. <br /><br />']
