I avoided seeing this movie any longer. Long before it went on sale, he had dismissed it as a piece of Hollywood that was too exaggerated, exaggerated, and too romantic, and he did not want to have anything to do with it. I never saw him in the theater. I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Academy Awards, even though I had never seen it. Then they asked me to be a judge in a public speaking competition. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was so great," she said. "You really felt like you were on the boat." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One of them looked at me and said, "You may be right, but if she really liked the movie, maybe she wants to know more about the real Titanic, the movie must have done something right to interest her." "Well, maybe," I thought. Then it finally appeared on pay television. "It's okay," I thought, "I'll take a look." I did not want to like it, and I did not like it. I loved! What a great movie. <br /> <br /> Where to start? First - the address. My high school speech speaker was right. James Cameron does an excellent job creating a kind of atmosphere almost "there you are". The joy of living aboard the most elegant ship in the world. Indifference as news of the iceberg spreads for the first time; Then, the growing sense of panic. You not only look at it; You really feel it. Then - the performances. The main performances of Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are excellent: Winslet is the superior, I thought, but both were good. They had their characters as rich / poor girl in a perfect "t", I thought. In my opinion, however, the theft of the show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother. She was perfect as the aristocrat stretched, and you could feel the fear and hatred she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - the details. I am not an expert in sinking the Titanic, but I have reasonable general knowledge, and this film does an excellent job of accurately recreating historical details and then weave them perfectly around the fictional romance. Very impressive, by the way. Then - the song. Who can watch this movie and not get carried away by Celine Dion's performance of "My Heart Goes On". <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, the romance was perhaps too artificial, in the sense that I just do not accept that Jack could have moved so easily from driving to first class. (I know he was invited for the first time, but he seems to keep going into first class without being stopped until he has been there for a while). The realities of the separation of social classes were portrayed in a much more realistic way, I thought, when the passengers of the management were to be locked in there after the boat hit the iceberg, while the first class enjoyed lifeboats empty <br /> <br /> A small objection, however. This is truly an excellent movie. The only thing I regret is not having seen him in the theater, where I think it would have been much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
