ELEPHANT WALK may not be the apogee of literature or cinema, but it is a great entertainment in the almost melodramatic way. It is the story of love, both genuine and illicit, as well as the overwhelming ambition, devotion and arrogance of personal tyranny. An earlier critic, John Mankin, questions why the former owner, the "governor" of the late Tom Wiley, should have built the film's central focus, called a mansion called the Elephant Walk, just across the traditional path from the elephants to The largest water source, the river. Losing this point is, essentially, losing the point of the whole center of the film: the arrogance of man. The fact that his son, played by Peter Finch, is captivated by the super image and enigma of his revered father, is not unexpected, since the son was without a mother who grew up in a foreign jungle with only his father and excited children of his father. 'club' as their role models. The father's goal was that he was a self-made man who would domesticate nature to his liking, and that the taste was not just a tea plantation in the lands where the elephants once dominated, but also that he would dominate even the great male elephant. that led to the pack, and so he would dominate his son and all those around him, and so we joined the story after the elephants were denied the crucial dry season to access their way to the water. Who could know that this dry season would last so long and what would elephants do desperately to get water? This is the nexus of the film: what animals will do to obtain water; What will humans do to obtain power or love? Ceylon, the Sri Lanka of today, is the huge island off the coast of India where the plantation is located and one quickly learns that it is the real scenario of the story, not just Miss Taylor's expenses. If it were not for this exotic place (much of the film was filmed in Ceylon) and the magnificent "bungalow", this would have been just another hotbed. One must recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of time and place, as it illuminates the wealth and power of the English "conqueror" immigrants who were part of the British regime. Only with the wealth gained by the use of virtual slave labor can such a magnificent residence of ebony, teak and marble be built. The marvelously carved Jalees (edges of the door and door of the gridwork) must not be overlooked, evidently specified by the art directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and obviously made by the cheapest labor in the art. island. Such craftsmanship reveals the careful attention to detail that these men sought. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to the fears of time, place and architecture, there is always the charm of Miss Taylor, as she marries a man she knows. he does not really know and is tacitly seduced by another man, in the context described, and under the general tyranny of the legacy of a deceased man. Like I said, it's not a great literature or a great movie, but it's a great show long before that term was degraded by today's special effects extravaganzas. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies made to be seen on the giant screen of an outdoor drive-in, not on domestic television, so place the larger screen to view it and appreciate its excellent work and scope.
