'OffOn' by Scott Bartlett is nine minutes of pure madness. It is a frontal assault of flashing lights and colors, psychedelic, pulsating, that induce epilepsy, and the first true fusion of film and video in avant-garde cinema. There is no story to talk about, but does Bartlett use images of nature? In particular the face and the human form. to provoke a sequence of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena into the highly industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film represents the fusion of humanity with its tools, its machinery, its technology. This theme connects freely with the secondary plot of HAL9000 in '2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)' by Stanley Kubrick and, in fact, the sequence of Bartlett's opening images? Blinking colors before a human eye up close? Remember Dave Bowman's journey through the Stargate. The images are rich in color, a combination of sharp and vivid photography and increasingly grainy video, as if we were sitting too close to a television screen (in fact, the final product was recorded from a television monitor). <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion about the release date of the film. IMDb lists the film as a premiere in 1972, but both the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation give 1968 as the correct year. Perhaps this disparity reflects the time between the completion of the film and its first public screening. Either way, the visual elements are clearly ahead of their time, sometimes reminiscent of a music video from the 1980s, and some energetic techno music would not have gone bad either! 'OffOn' captures grainy and fragmented images, presenting life from the distorted perspective of a computer that processes too much information. I had a thought ?? And please do not laugh at this free interpretation? that an extraterrestrial civilization that captures television signals from Earth could very well receive such strange and unrelated documentation of human life, a strange montage of images only vaguely familiar that could not make any coherent sense. Perhaps this is where Humanity, with all its technology, finally turns towards an irreversible fusion of film and video, of purity and artificiality.
