Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is a definite police film of Indian cinema. He may be the first to describe the harsh reality of corruption in the police and political force without restrictions and how it affects a young police officer. A man forced to join a policeman's career for his police father. We agreed that we grew up watching many good cop / bad cop movies, but this is different. Today's generation, which grew up watching dark and realistic films like "Satya", "Company", can be considered an inferior product compared to the moment of its creation. The film became completely out of tune at the time when people did not pay much attention to this type of cinema and, nevertheless, it becomes the most wanted police film between the class and the massive audience when it is released. For Om Puri, his first breakthrough in conventional Hindi cinema and he offered a class performance as Inspector Velankar. He is more than a police character, he internalized a lot, which is something original in the performance. He watches his scenes with his father whom he hates and Smita whom he loves. Smita Patil maintained the dignity of her character at the expected level. My God, what natural expressions she brought! Shafi Inamdar was really a discovery for me and he is a brilliant character actor if given a chance and here, in some of the scenes, he even surpassed Om. The film is also the debut of a promising villain on the Indian screen: Sadashiv Amrapurkar as 'Rama Shetty'. It is another story that did not get such a meaty role and is almost forgotten today as one of the noisy villains of Dharmendra grade B action movies. Look at the scene in which Om 1st becomes a rebel for his father (played by Amrish Puri) and then both share the wine together. The inner truth began to reveal both for the character and to confront the feelings of love and hate among each other. Two faces of the Indian police force: masculinity and impotence and between lies, half truth (ardh satya), congratulations to the touch of Nihalani. The film won 2 National Awards for Best Hindi Film and Best Actor, Om Puri and 3 Filmfare Awards for Best Film, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor. <br /> <br /> Recommended for all those who are interested in nostalgia for serious Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Qualifications- 8/10
