Here it is ... the first episode of EVER, where we are introduced to Control Freak, Monica Gellar (Courtney Cox), Ross Gellar (David Schimmer) newly divorced, Hippy Pheobe Buffay (Lisa Kudrow), unknown actor and woman lord (Matt Le Blanc and the very sarcastic Chandler Bing (Matthew Perry) This is how the scene begins until we present the sixth and last friend, the girl Rachel Green (Jennifer Aniston). <br /> <br /> The episode is better than most of people give credit for, as in any new situation comedy, the first episode is not always fantastic.The performance in this episode is not excellent because the cast can not be identified and is not really credible in its new characters (apart from Kudrow and Perry, who shine). <br /> <br /> Matt Le Blanc-Man, his performance was terribly bad because until later, he becomes more confident, but I think he tries to be funny but at most he fails. <br /> <br /> David Schimmer: Why do you pronounce Excess EVERY word? He can not speak normally! But it became one of the funniest. Characters in later seasons, but he is not confident. and I can not sympathize with him Jennifer Aniston- Sexy Luce, and he does a good job as Rachel Green, but we only see Rachel later in the 1st season, Courtney Cox- She seems quite anorexic in this episode, it's worrying, it looks totally different Now, (healthier), she is acting somewhat imprecise, but everyone is in this 20 minute pilot! Lisa Kudrow and Matthew Perry. I'm doing these two together because his comedic timing and acting quality were excellent, and for Lisa this was one of his first roles and it's as natural as Pheobe (Pheebs) and Matthew Perry is just Matthew Perry basically playing himself! The quality of the episode improves later, as the Sets, they look dark and spooky in this episode and makes them look hostile, the acting is fine, the characters gain confidence with each new scene and I am proud that this is the pilot. I hope we see the Friends get together! Because they will always be there for us!
