Shinjuku Triad Society, while perfect, is a fiercely compelling film for what it tries to represent in its super-conventional realm. It is a yakuza / triad photo, involving police officers against Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the title suggests), but already in his first technical "debut", Takashi Miike is already establishing many aspects of the films what would I do. from now on. Social problems such as trade in the black market of precious goods, in this case the human organs generally of children; the nostalgia for childhood and its own roots, which prevailed especially in Dead or Alive 2; prying into taboos such as gay sex and rape / violence (satirical) towards women; Violence curdled with blood. Certainly, it is not as surreal as some of Miike's most recent films, but this is expected when you are trying things you are just beginning to learn, following a history of direct video programmers. He has all those qualities, and also, like the films that would follow him, equally wild and sincere, crazy (in places) and sardonic in his drama, and solid for fans of the genre. <br /> <br /> The story concerns two brothers, one of them a Chinese orphan raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, quite decent as an antihero / hero of Eastwood-esquire), who has become a detective, and another, who has become a gangster, or a testament - be one. The main arc of the takeover gang comes from Wang (a definitive pun on what the gang represents during his free time, played by Tomorowo Taguchi as a typical madman with real terror in his eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who threatens even when he only repeats a commandment over and over again to a woman whose eye has been closed after a bitter treatment), who is the ruthless type of appearing almost organically in a Miike movie. There is some intrigue in the scheme of exchange of organs with gang members, of which Kiriya almost becomes a victim, and the gang's penchant for gay sex, at least with a small puppet who does whatever they want. the main gang members. All this leads to revenge and redemption, qualities that Miike and his writer are trying to emulate Shakespeare (hence Macbeth bit Wang washing their tails over and over again after a bit of gay sex said "it's not going to go out"). <br /> <br /> If you do not have the same emotional level of impact that a great Shakespeare play would have, it's even for the course of a movie like this. Miike's goals are reached, although they have just been fulfilled, in his low-scale ambitions: a box of gangsters with some additional levels of serious family problems (the main tension between the brothers comes from the profession and duty towards the parents) , points out the cruelest aspects of The crime of the underworld, and what the realm of unrepentant sex, with both sexes, psychologically highlights in the characters. At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society also contains more than a few moments of black comedy from the play Miike. Part of it only has to be taken with a grain of salt for what the director does in his outrage, like the drill at the beginning with the chair smashed in the face, or the randomness of the "interrogation", as it enters a very twisted area. There is even a phrase of laughter out loud from the young sex slave after finishing an act with one of the bosses: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writer do not have enough to make the film a dark comedy like Ichi or, of course, Visitor Q, but there is enough to bring some appropriate lightness to the darker aspects of the story and the characters. <Br /> <br /> As the first entry of the "Black Society" trilogy, as it is called, I was quite impressed, and it is an excellent card of almost one of the craziest artists in contemporary cinema.
