A man and his wife get into a horrible car accident. When the wife is in a persistent vegetative state, the man must choose between disconnecting and letting her live. The decision becomes even more difficult when he realizes that his ghost wants revenge on him and those around him. <br /> <br /> This is given to us by director Rob Schmidt, who did "Wrong Turn" (a film I have not seen). With only a horror movie to his credit, and it is not particularly noticeable, I resisted a bit to see this episode, hoping that Schmidt was a "Master of Horror" in the most liberal sense. I apologize for my underestimation. From episode 10 on a season of 13 episodes, this was really the best so far. <br /> <br /> The subject of the "right to die" is treated and dealt with in sufficient detail to be a solid plot device. However, this is just the basis on which the story revolves. Once the elements of terror appear, the film goes from "decent" to "spectacular". Great performance, great plot, great dialogue, great suspense. Sometimes I was scared a little (which is good) and, above all, the blood is in extreme abundance! I read a review of this episode before seeing it, where the critic said there is a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in this. Through the first part of the show, I had no idea what they were talking about. Then, a little later, some images remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, by no means do I want to say that this moves away from the movie. I do not see another way to create the effect that was created, and in my opinion this looks remarkably better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some twists of the plot appear later and you can invite the viewer to give the film a second look. I did not see it a second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if I had it (it's not that it's confusing). The secondary plot with the dental hygienist is also nice, and I found myself wondering if I did not like the main character in his relationship with her or if I felt bad for him. It's like an anti-hero throughout history, so to speak. I am inclined to encourage him as the protagonist, but it is completely unpleasant. <br /> <br /> While the Stuart Gordon episode may be better and I'm excited about the "Washingtonians" episode, I think I can bet for sure that this is the key episode of the season and, by far, the salvation of what was otherwise mediocre and routine. When legends like John Carpenter disappointed me (again) I worry a little about the future of the genre, but then a new face appears like Rob Schmidt and it gives me hope. This is a goalkeeper, and please bring Schmidt back for season 3!
