I'm not entirely sure that Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "Master" in the horror genre, since he previously only directed a horror movie called "Wrong Turn" and that was actually slightly superior to the mediocre, but the fact is What he did with "Right to Die", one of the best and most spooky episodes of the entire second season of the "Masters of Horror" franchise. There was a similar story in the first season, when William Malone made one of the best episodes with "The Fair Haired Child", although his other feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" were pretty bad. br /> <br /> The story of "Right to Die" deftly addresses the current social debate of euthanasia, but fortunately also presents multiple outdated horror themes such as ghostly revenge, murderous conspiracies, black humor and the comic. violence style book. While driving home late one night and discussing the husband's ongoing adultery, Addison's partner is involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff moves away from the accident without suffering damage, but his wife Abby is completely burned and needs to maintain artificial life. While Cliff and his shoddy lawyer (Corbin Bernsen of "The Dentist") want to connect her and sue the carmaker, Abbey's mother organizes a giant media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and blame Cliff for all. Meanwhile, Abbey's hateful spirit returns for revenge and kills someone around Cliff when he has an almost fatal experience with medical devices. After some victims, Cliff realizes that it could be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he also wants to stay alive. "Right to Die" is a great episode and it's exactly the kind of thing I always hoped to see in a television series concept like "Masters of Horror". He is violent and bloody with a sick and twisted sense of humor and a lot of sordid sequences. The issue of euthanasia and the entire compulsory media circus that surrounds it is processed very well in the script, but without unnecessarily going back to political views or lessons in morality. The atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably unpleasant and disturbing. The actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney have a pretty face and impressively voluptuous backdrops, which is always an advantage, and Corbin Bernsen is finally offered the chance to portray a self-centered, self-centered bastard. Great episode of "MoH"; Definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
