Masters of Horror: Right to Die begins late at night when married couple Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) drive home, however, as he talks, Cliff becomes distracted and crashes into a tree that has fallen to the other side of the road. Cliff's airbag works well and he walks away with minor injuries, unfortunately for Abby it did not and ended up like toast when she was thrown out of the car and soaked with gasoline that ignited and burned her entire body. Abby's life is saved, alone. They take her to the hospital, where she receives vital assistance severely wounded and horribly disfigured by burns. Cliff decides that she should die, her egotistical lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) believes that they should let Abby die, sue the automaker and get rich, while Abby's mother, Pam (Linda Sorenson), wants to blame Cliff, Get rich and save Abby. However, Abby has other plans of her own ... <br /> <br /> This co-production of Canada and Canada was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror movie was Wrong Turn (2003), which by itself does not qualify him to do it). I directed an episode of Masters of Horror) and I was the episode 9 of season 2 of the television series Masters of Horror, although I did not think that Right to Die was the best episode of Masters of Horror I've seen, I thought it was an effort pretty decent anyway, and still not as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006). The script of John Esposito has a clear central idea that is nothing new, but he uses it with sufficient efficiency, although I would say that it is a little irregular, the first 15 minutes of this focus on the horror element of the story, but then they disappear. in a pause of 20 odd minutes, as it becomes a drama like the legal dispute over Abby's life and the issue that Cliff is having on center stage before she gets back on track in a delightfully bloody and twisted climax that it may not be for the faint of heart. The characters are a little cliché, the weak man, the crooked lawyer, the protective mother and the young cake that has sex to get what he wants, but they all fulfill their purpose, the dialogue is fine, the story is moving good pace and In general I liked Right to Die, apart from a few minutes here and there, where he lost a bit of his focus and was not so interested in the ambiguous ending. <br /> <br /> Director Schmidt does a good job And there are some effective scenes, this is about alternating between a creepy low-key atmosphere and blood and gore. There are some fantastic special makeup effects as usual, there are pictures of Abby in which all the skin on her body is burned and the image of her head bandaged with her teeth showing that she does not have any lips left is quite rude (images and effects of makeup that reminded me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and its sequels), then there's the main course at the end, where Cliff literally compensates someone with close-ups of scalpels that cut through the skin and take it off. Muscle and putting it in a cooler box! Very messy. There are also various parts of the body varied. There is some nudity here too with at least a couple of pretty naked women ... <br /> <br /> Technically Right to Die is excellent, special effects are brilliant and, like most episodes of Masters of Horror , They do not do it. Look like a cheap program made for television that basically if it is told the truth is. The performance was fine, but there are no big 'names' in this. <br /> <br /> Right to Die is another fun and somewhat twisted episode of Masters of Horror that most horror fans should see if not just for the fantastic flaying scene! It's worth a watch ... for those with the stomach.
