It is surprising that from a good movie, although not wonderful, made in the early nineties, a whole franchise can grow. 'Stargate; SG1 'is, without a doubt, a worthy addition to the genre of science fiction and has the right to stand shoulder to shoulder with' Star Trek 'as the kings of science fiction. <br /> <br /> Following In the 1994 feature film 'Stargate', this series sees the command Stargate (a military / scientific organization) discover that the Stargate system can be used to travel to several planets across the galaxy and beyond, and the army establishes a series of teams to explore. SG1 is one of those teams, led by veteran military Colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes the archaeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, military scientist Captain Samantha Carter and the alien Teal'c, who has betrayed his supreme leaders with hope to liberate one day his people. Earth quickly becomes an enemy of the Goa'uld, a parasitic race that uses humans as hosts and is believed to be equal to the gods. <br /> <br /> The first category cast has a lot to congratulate for bringing this show to life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as the cynical and sarcastic O'Neill, who can go from childish to mortal in the blink of an eye. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, brings heart and a steel will to the character, who has grown from the innocence of the eyes opened to darker and harder as the show has progressed. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, has perfected the balance between representing her character's femininity without understanding the fact that she is a strong and intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is excellent as the distant Teal'c, who is able to represent the emotions of the character with subtlety. And Don Davis is perfect as the esteemed General Hammond leads with a good balance of impartiality and firmness. <br /> <br /> Almost all the episodes are related and portrayed with intelligence, reflecting on moral dilemmas, as well as the friction between military interests and civil beliefs (often shown through the arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). The invited characters are represented solidly and the arcs of stories are handled in a way that does not bore the spectators. SG1 also excels in humor, from O'Neill's jokes to episodes that are extravagant and strange! SG1 has everything from action to drama, romance, suspense and the heartbreaking scenes of death. It's not just an excellent science fiction show, it's an excellent show, in general.
