['RUMORS is a memorable entry in the series of cartoon cartoons starring &quot;Private Snafu&quot;. The films were directed to the military and were directed, animated and rated by some of the best Warner Bros. Termite Terrace talent, which includes Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. The invaluable Mel Blanc provided the voice for Snafu, and Theodor Geisel, that is, Dr. Seuss, provided the stories and rhyming narrative of many of the films. The idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid images, using the character of Snafu as a perfect negative example: he was the drug, the little twerp who would do everything you should NOT do. According to Chuck Jones, the scripts had to be approved by Pentagon officials, but members of the military also allowed animators unusual freedom with respect to obscene language and jokes, certainly more than the theatrical censorship of the time would allow. ... everything for a greater good. Of course. <br /><br /> As the title indicates, this caricature is an illustration of the damaging power of rumors. The stage is an army camp. The soldier Snafu sits next to another soldier in the latrine (something you will not see in any other Hollywood movie of the time) and his casual conversation begins to roll. We note that an unexpected comment about a bombing is misinterpreted, then exaggerated and then becomes an increasingly frightening rumor that devastates the camp. The images are really vivid: the brain of an anxious soldier is represented as a filtering pot, while the feverish speech of another translates as hot and vaporous air, that is, &quot;balloon juice&quot;. A soldier &quot;shoots his mouth&quot; in the style of a cannon, and before you know it, real nonsense is flying in all directions. Baloney winged, to that. The panicked soldiers say that the Brooklyn Bridge has been pulverized, Coney Island has been eliminated, enemy troops have landed on the lawn of the White House and the Japanese are in California. The images become increasingly surreal and nightmarish until, finally, the camp is quarantined by &quot;Rumor-itis&quot; and the private Snafu has been locked in a padded cell. <br /><br /> This is a highly effective job. The filmmakers dramatized their subject with wit and surprising energy, and the message is still valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imagined) can generate all kinds of wild rumors that spread faster than ever thanks to advances in communication. Because the technology has improved, the private Snafus of our time are able to transmit their own balloon juice through email, cell phones and blogs. Consequently, RUMORS is a rare example of a wartime educational film whose essential message does not seem at all antiquated; In fact it may be more timely than ever.']
