Tim Krabbe is the praised author of 'Het Gouden Ei', a novel that was published on the screen twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing'). One of the most recent works of the Dutch writer is 'De Grot', a psychological thriller about two totally different men, Egon and Axel, who are in a youth camp and, surprisingly, become friends for life. Egon is a calm person, something boring, who spends his time studying and writing geography books. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic "party animal", a criminal who drinks a lot and who worries every day about taking a woman to his room. From the moment they meet, Axel has a great influence on Egon, while the latter envies him because he has a good life doing nothing in reality (like reading thick books like Egon); Ultimately, Egon is even dragged by Egon into illegal practices, leading to a fatal drug transport in a distant Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year, I was surprised that the reviews were quite positive. About that In my opinion, the book suffers especially from the complex structure. While Krabbe presents the story as an absorbing portrait of an unusual relationship between two people, the plot becomes a puzzle: the many episodes are not presented chronologically, so that two successive scenes rarely appear in the same episode. Because of this, the story feels surprisingly remote: you often need to know the background of a character to really care about him or her. Another complaint was the fact that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are a bit stereotyped. Egon is "the" bored intellectual, while Axel is his exact opposite. In real life, such one-dimensional people rarely exist; In books and movies, they always seem to be there, taking away a lot of credibility. <br /> <br /> Despite all this, the movie was a pleasant surprise, being much better than the book. The adaptation stands out in its beautiful cinematography, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget that he is acting (which, in my opinion, is the highest that an actor can achieve). The drawbacks of the film, however, are the same as those of the book: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that they become annoying. Guess who wrote the script? In fact, Krabbe himself. It is obvious that this talented director (that is what the film makes clear anyway) is hampered by a deficient script. Maybe Koolhoven should have chosen a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
