The beauty of this film is evident in the great representation of the power of love of a mother, exceptional performances, constant execution and the script quite innovative. The film tells the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and their young son Raja. Suddenly, her husband informs her that her family in India (whom she did not even know) is in trouble and the couple runs to India. When they enter the town, Nanadini is surprised and terrified to witness a very wild rural culture; Shekhar's family, ruled by her cruel, highly cynical and ruthless father, Narasimha, lives a poor and extremely violent lifestyle, full of murder and terror, and where women are subordinate and helpless. Nandini begins to annoy Shekhar so that he returns to house, but soon he is assassinated by the enemies of his father. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let her take Raja to India. Here begins the intense struggle that can be called "Nandini vs. Narasimha". <br /> <br /> India does not appear particularly positive in this film, but it only shows a very small minority of its rural areas, so it may even be correct. In my opinion, the representation is fair and not unilateral, because the positive side also presents itself to some extent. Such a horrible vision could be shown in a movie about any country in the world. The locations are amazing, the music is wonderful, and the direction of Krishna Vamshi is favored by a very effective cinematography and good editing. One thing that should be kept in mind is the very nice background score for the ear of Ismail Darbar, it is beautiful. The characters are very well defined, although we can see their bright and dark sides in different parts of the film. Represented realistically, the film flows well and is an interesting and quite entertaining watch. Their dialogues are excellent and they are written in an intelligent way, and although the shocking procedures can be very disturbing in some points, many positive moments manage to relieve tension. <br /> <br /> The greatest strength of the film is the performances. Karisma Kapoor is impressive and very credible as Nandini. Your ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unbridled emotion is simply incredible. She shows as much intensity, impulsiveness, anguish and determination as the mother who wants to recover her son, that this little boy seems to be his own son. Their buds while facing Nana Patekar, which are like volcanic eruptions, show us how the simplest woman can become a tigress when it comes to her son. After Fiza, this is her most powerful performance. One of the best actors that Indian cinema has seen, Nana Patekar is indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be hateful like Narasimha but admirable as the actor who plays him. Patekar shows cruelty, ingenuity and even humanity with total conviction. He is exceptional. Another great performance comes, as expected, from the most underestimated actress of India, Deepti Naval, who sensitizes her character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is suitable and Shahrukh Khan provides great comic relief. Anyway, look at Shakti, it could have been better, but it's definitely a must.
