If any film is extremely highlighted with the acting skills of the actors, this is probably the only one. I have never seen conversations spoken in such a rough way, but I have a strong feeling. The movie was disturbing at times. However, the film was terrible in the edition. The film tries to follow the commercial path by adding comedy and songs, but they feel out of place. Just like Karisma is being beaten, and at the same time SRK is fighting (comically) with the police officers. Ishq Kamina's song was very out of place. On top of that, the movie is too bright at first. The address was not bad, but certainly you can not boast of anything. <br /> <br /> I have to say that the actors were chosen very wisely. Without them, this movie would have no impact. Karisma Kapoor has given his best role to date, and it looks great in his record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. She looks pretty in the first half, and I've never seen an actress scream with emotion and anger as well as she does. What is more ironic is that this is probably his weakest written paper to date. Nana Patekar was excellent like her mother-in-law. There is not much to say about him, besides this is a role made for him. Deepti Naval as a mother-in-law was excellent, especially in her final scene. Although he does not have much to say, his facial expressions and body language were good. The other good performance was the little boy. He was adorable, and is sure to bring tears to the eyes of the viewer. The movie was probably saved desperately for his performances. Sanjay Kapoor was fine, but he did not have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was wasted in his bad kind of child role. <br /> <br /> One thing that attracted the audience to the theater was Ishq Kamina. The image of the song and dance is perfect for the raw lyrics of the song. And the boy Aish is crazy with heat. However, the song belonged to being in another movie only because it came at the worst moment in history. People may have come to the movie for Aish, but they're not going to brag too much about that after that. Hum Tum Miley had the right rhythm, but seemed to crawl when the mood of suspense went through the film. Damroo Bhaje was boring and not delirious. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring a song to get the mood of the movie. Despite the bad editing, the performances only make it a must see.
