A strong theme oriented to women after a long time, Shakti-The Power of the director Krishna Vamsi, Desi's version of the Hollywood hit Not Without My Daughter is the first production of the actress of Sridevi. A story about a woman's struggle against severe injustice. <br /> <br /> The story of the film revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor) who lives in Canada with her two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There he meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), falls in love with him and soon they get married. His family is complete when Nandini has a child, Raja (Teacher Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short, since the news of the sickly mother of Shekhar (Deepti Naval) makes them leave their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And that's when the problems begin. From the moment they arrive in India, they are both surprised to see the pollution and the huge crowd of people everywhere. They take a train full of people to reach the town of Shekhar and, when they finally arrive at the station, they have to take a long bus ride to their town. The dirty and sweaty bus combined with the uncertain terrain makes it an endless road. And, unfortunately for them, a frantic mafia that defeated Shekhar out of shape for not being the fault of his attacks on the bus. Fortunately, they are shot just in time before they can do more damage. After that, they drive to Havel where Shekhar's father, Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her father-in-law is in charge as soon as she enters the place, but her only consolation is the warm welcome of her mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Living there, Nandini finds out about his father. In law, tyrannical behavior and realizes that killing ruthlessly is a way of life for him. The day he sees his father-in-law teaching his son to throw a bomb, he loses it and lashes out against him, insisting that Shekhar move to Canada. But terror attacks again when Shekhar is killed one day, leaving Nandini alone with her son in this strange land where she is ravaged by a cruel father-in-law. His fight against this man to save his son is what constitutes the climax of this emotional and harrowing film. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes Shakti from most of the films that are made late is also the rural setting of the film. . The only drawback is Ismail Darbar's music, which does not rise above the script. The only salvation is the sexy article number Ishq Kameena, which has been composed by Anu Malik. Another pat for the director comes because he has extracted some splendid performances from his cast. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the film and has given a touching performance as a helpless mother. She is sure to win prizes for this heated portrait. In second place is the actress Nana Patekar, who is back with a blow with this movie. His rude manners suit him up to the hilt and once again he has demonstrated his versatility with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is the surprise package of the film with a sincere and effective portrait that confronts the other actors. Deepti Naval is also in top form and her Pr-climax showdown with Nana is commendable. The Shahrukh cameo provides the lightest moments and has surely attracted him to obtain the required star value. Although his role was not really required, he has done well. In general, Shakti is a film far superior to most of those produced these days, and the hype of the Pr version will surely achieve a good opening. Shakti is sure to get the critics and the audience to increase. And what if the movie needs to be clipped desperately by at least 2 reels to improve the impact? Shakti still has the power to continue without problems!
