On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was aired on Showtime. As a result of the 1994 film "Stargate," starring Kurt Russell and James Spader, the series begins about a year after the events featured in the film. For ten seasons, he described the adventures and misadventures of an intrepid team of explorers known as SG-1. Originally, the series was starring Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l" s!), Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Teal'c and Don S. Davis as Major General George S. Hammond. For ten long years, we saw the team fight against the Goa'uld, the Replicators, the Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time, they forged alliances with the Asgard, the Tok'ra, the Jaffa rebels, the Nox and the Tollan. They saved the world no less than eight times over the years and never gave up, not until death claimed them. And sometimes not even then. <br /> <br /> As with all long-running series, there were numerous changes in the cast. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season to broaden his horizons as an actor. The successor of Daniel Jackson as archaeologist / geek resident of the team was Jonas Quinn, an alien from a country called Kelowna on the planet Langara, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned early in the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he only made an appearance as an additional guest and his character was rarely mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004 because he felt it was time for him to leave. The original star of the show and possibly its most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, starred in the series throughout its first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eight seasons was noticeably less than in previous seasons. Finally, she left the "SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with her six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was by far my favorite character in the series and, to tell the truth, I never enjoyed the last two seasons as much as the previous episodes for that very reason. <br /> <br /> The ninth season represented a new era for the program. With the departure of its main actor and the defeat of the Goa'uld and the Replicators in Season Eight, many fans felt that the series should go to the top. In any case, the series continued for another two years with the Ori replacing the Goa'uld as the main opponents of the series. Three new characters were brought in to fill in the gaps and help introduce this reinvention. Ben Browder entered as the arrogant pilot of the Southern Air Force, Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1. His co-star of "Farscape," the charming Claudia Black, began to play a prominent role in the series as the vivacious, sexy, hilarious and undoubtedly extroverted Vala Mal Doran, former presenter of Goa'uld and swindler from another planet. As a recurring guest star during the eighth and ninth seasons, she joined the cast full time at the beginning of her tenth and final season. Completing the cast were legendary Beau bridges such as Major General Hank Landry, the new commander of the SGC and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. For the past two years, they starred with the faithful "SG-1" (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and became valuable parties and made equally valuable contributions to the Stargate franchise. <br /> <br /> Alas, all good things should come to an end. During the initial broadcast of the first episodes of the Tenth Season, the ratings decreased considerably, which resulted in the cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream finally ended. On March 13, 2007, what began with "Children of the Gods" ended with "Endless." The end of the series made its world premiere at Sky One in Britain and Ireland before appearing on the Science Fiction Channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. <br /> <br /> In the ten years that lasted the series. The air, amassed legions of fans and even eclipsed the series of science fiction "Star Trek", in terms of popularity in certain countries. It became the second oldest science fiction series in the world, after "Doctor Who" (1963-1989), and in the series of science fiction produced in the United States, surpassing "The X-Files" only a Few months before it ends. <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" represents the cornerstone of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, its success and popularity led to the production of a spin-off series entitled "Stargate Atlantis", which unfortunately was canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film failed, two direct to The DVD movies, "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum", were launched in 2008 and are planned more for the not too distant future. A third live action series, "Stargate Universe," will also be released sometime next year. (Unfortunately, there was an animated series, "Stargate Infinity," which was released only from 2002 to 2003, but the less said, the better). Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as continuous series, the future of "Stargate" seems very bright. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, while "Stargate" has yet to obtain the same degree of popular recognition as other major science fiction television franchises such as "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", it is relatively new in Comparison with those two science fiction giants and I have full confidence that it will continue for many, many years to come.
