The unequal drama of Bollywood. Karisma Kapoor is excellent as an Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a son and then visits her family in India only to discover that they are terrorist warlords. Drama and tragedy ensue, and the film becomes a kind of thriller of style WITHOUT MY BABY. The film is compelling, its few numbers of songs / dances are not interesting and unnecessary, the quality of the song and dance of Bollywood is really out of place for the intensity of the drama of this film, at least once we have left the confines of its Canadian love nest. ?? although a number related to a cameo of the amazing Aishwarya Rai is pleasantly provocative, although ultimately also out of place. Similarly, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a carefree wanderer who helps Kapoor escape from the clutches of the warlord turns what had been a very serious drama into a silly farce, and only becomes foot. when his character? And his fantasies about Rai that generate his cameo dance? It is dispensed with. His comic strip dialogue and the stupidity of his fight scenes detract from the main and exciting drama of the film. The cast is very well supported by Nana Patekar as the caudillo, and the elegant Deepti Naval, who stands out as his long-suffering wife who finally chooses to face him in one of the best scenes of the film; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good like Sanjay's sisters in India, and very nice to look at. But Sanjay himself excels terribly, especially during the obvious obvious publicity. The style of direction of the writer / director Krishna Wamsi is careless, unrestrained with abrupt transitions and abrupt cuts, although his camera movement is good. The musical underlining is also quite effective, in a bad mood, with a female voice without words on a small orchestral ensemble (very little or nothing of that came to the CD of the SHAKTI soundtrack, but Bollywood has not yet discovered the value of including the score along with the songs in their albums of the soundtrack, at least not in most cases). However, SHAKTI is Karisma Kapoor's movie at all times, and the intensity of his performance once the film changes to India contrasts very well with the soft romance with which he associated with Sanjay in the early Canadian scenes. Despite the inequality of much of the image, Karisma's performance completely sells the film and solidifies its otherwise inconsistent measures. In a strange way, too, I found that the story was another version of the ostentation of royalty I had noticed in CURSE OF THE GOLDEN FLOWER and MARIE ANTOINETTE, both things I had seen just before, although SHAKTI is of course a kind of movie completely different; But the focus on a dysfunctional royal family? Living here in the austerity of poverty controlled by terrorism in India instead of the elegance of Versailles or the massive megalomania of the Tang dynasty of the Chinese dynasty? His search for selfish power causes the ruin of many others and forces a rise of one kind or another that provides the film with a remarkable subtext.
