When a wealthy tycoon dies in a plane crash, his spinster twin sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe she grabbed the controls in a suicidal dive (even though self-smoking runs in the family), but her three beautiful The daughters would not care less. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes) who soon forces him to help her wrest control of the farm from her sister with problems, Lorna (Sara Shane) and the family lawyer. (Jess Barker) . Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when he is not defending himself against the advances of another sister, the nymphet Vicki (Marla English), but his plans go into a tailspin when Norton falls in love with his prey. All bets have vanished like a world of affliction, including corporate cheating, seduction, suicide, blackmail, murder plot, Mann Act, double crosses, defamation and poetic justice: "Craig Manor ", an imposing mansion on a cliff overlooking the sea ... <br /> <br /> This perverse boiler would have made a second perfect feature for WRITTEN ON THE WIND, also since 1956. It was said that the Douglas Sirk saga From a powerful (and powerfully dysfunctional) oil clan, I inspired the late-night DALLAS television series of the 1980s, but Craig's excursion to madness seems to have come from his sister's sin, DYNASTY. The three brothers (only one of which is really bad) are great beauties, but it is the cartoon villainy of Kathleen Hughes that stands out. Valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the many guilty pleasures of the film. Teen sister Vicki is also a great work, which reminds Carmen Sternwood in THE BIG SLEEP. When they meet for the first time, she throws the equivalent of trying to sit on Norton's lap while he is still standing and approaches him with the phrase "I graduated summa cum laude from U-Embrace able". Whew! <br /> <br /> THREE BAD SISTERS, produced by schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, is a tremendous waste in over-exploitation and the cast is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, hunk of the 50s John "Revenge of the creature" Bromfield (once married to the French sexpot Corinne Calvet), the universal star Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess "Mr. Susan Hayward" Barker, Kathleen "Coming from outer space" Hughes and the ex mudo The star of the screen Madge Kennedy gives everything they have, no matter how much or how little. The future star of Eurotrash, Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE Apocalypse) is briefly considered as one of the victims of Vicki. <br /> <br /> Rating of movies B: 10/10 Marla (and her body in English) made wonderful movies! THREE BAD SISTERS was recently seen on the big screen as part of the Noir Film Festival in Palm Springs, but the jury is still cleaning the soap foam from ... aw hell, is noir (5/10 on the noirometer).
