Mostgunt promover are fatal cantidades underminedódigos serious energy and cantidades. It is not like that, it is a frightening marvel tremendously mature and vigorously silly, that reaches an amazing apotheosis of exaggeratedly addictive "what is hell". going? "Excessive crackpot and inanity. <br /> <br /> A cargo ship crew discovers the body of a 30-foot yeti resembling a shaggy 70s stallion (complete with a wavy afro jumbo) perfectly preserved in a big chunk of ice, they scold the beast, restore it to life with electric charges, mistreat it and keep poor Goliath in a huge glass cabin, before you can say "Hey, the filmmakers are obviously cheating King Kong '", our sleepy and abominable snowdude is freed from his cage, takes the first vivid blonde nubile euro (the magnificent Pheonix Grant) in which he puts his lustful eyes, and walks away with his new lady of love.The yeti is recaptured and flown to Toronto to be shown to an astonished audience.Of course, he frees himself again, catches the fox and continues with the expected stomp around the city brouhaha. <br /> <br /> The sublime stupid dialogue (line example: "The philosophy a has no place in science, teacher "), special effects (far from) (the horrendous miniatures of the transparent blue screen and the tiny miniatures of Tonka's toys are especially irritating because of their amazement of amazement), clumsy direction and a hyphen hard-boiled that even tries awkwardly sincere "Is the yeti a man or a beast?" All ethical debates combine to create one of the most delightfully ridiculous giant-monster movies ever roaring absurdly in the great screen. Better yet, we also have some extravagant and extravagant touches to add an extra spice of bad quality to the already succulent and deranged cinematic beer: the vixen accidentally brushes one of the yeti's nipples, which causes it to harden and causes a great and perverse approval smile. the lascivious giant (!); the bitch cares for the wounded hand of the yeti while he looks at her, the yeti breaks the windows with his feet while climbing to an office building, and the furry even breaks the neck of a man with his toes (!!). In general, this camp classic should be singularly embarrassingly embarrassingly and shamefully like a remarkable monolith of infectiously asinine celluloid madness that is eminently worthy of an important underground cult of followers.
