Here is another movie that must be loaded onto a satellite, shoot into space and point in the direction of the Andromeda galaxy to show the most distant civilizations possible the best of humanity. This film is so incredibly stupid and reverently honest to be little more than a scam of the already bad classic film KING KONG of 1976, which not only manages to stage that movie in terms of pure stupid laughter, but successfully predicted the miserable caricature Peter Jackson's computer of 2005 that bears the same name, in terms of a "romance" between the giant (here a Yeti) and a beautiful human woman (Antonellina Interlenghi by Umberto Lenzi CITY OF THE LIVING DEAD, which is very easy to use ). eyes). <br /> <br /> The film was made for children, so apart from some hints about fish bones and a strange nipple to say goodbye, you can forget about sex. The Yeti even has a kind of giant leash. To cover your monstrous package, the result is even more fun than anatomical correction. But as compensation, you do get an old crazy scientist, two curious children, Tony Kendall in a rare twist as a duplicate bastard of a villain, a smart and helpful collie dog who gets to have his own adventure (the films of Dog Adventure they were great in Europe for a while) and of course emerge as the hero in the end to save the Yeti, who happens to be the good guy, glorious things like front loaders decorated to look like giant apes, a monster whose size literally changes scale from shooting to shooting, some inappropriately horrible deaths that will make the butcher shop in GODZILLA vs. THE SMOG MONSTER look docile by comparison, the crowd's reaction shots are made up of Spanish, Italian or Canadian extras depending on the scene (you can tell where they were filming how the extras are dressed, and some of the most enthusiastic but inept special effects of a movie's history monkeys giant molecule. <br /> <br /> This is where the movie convinced me: it's enthusiasm just for being a Delaware. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought the world SARTANA in 1968 and GOD'S GUN the previous year and was a very important director in the scene of Spaghetti Western and action / adventure genre of the years 1960/70 and at the time of YETI. I was probably happy to get the job. I would say that this is his most adventurous film, or rather with which he had more opportunities, and he may have felt more comfortable taking that opportunity with the film aimed at children and families. The film has a kind of reckless abandon to the way it was made that makes technical errors or inconsistencies have no meaning. Or, rather, they are part of the fun, and if the movie had been played seriously, it would not have worked, which is exactly why Peter Jackson's movie was destroyed. <br /> <br /> He forgot to have fun with the material and let him dictate the result using his army of great Pod Macintosh Pod animators, and with all its flaws + mess, the Kramer YETI is closer to the spirit That's why we see movies like this one, which is partly to see actors in ape costumes that disarm sets of miniatures in sound scenarios, not impeccable animation hours of anything other than hard drive space. I would classify it there with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! CURSE OF THE GREAT GOLEM is one of the most incredibly incredible giant monsters movies in history. Because the movie looks so "fake", you can get over the story and just have fun watching how things are destroyed, trampled, thrown and destroyed. Parolini, knowing that and armed with a fertile and energetic enthusiasm for having the opportunity to make the film, did everything possible and offered a full-body adventure that might be a bit difficult for some of the little tykes, but it is the first film what will I do. Have you ever shared with your grandchildren when your stupid parents leave you with me for a weekend? This is something for age and one of the most revealing expressions of humanity that has been committed to celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes too long, but who cares, you only come once and I'd rather leave with a smile on my face.
