I saw it when it came to the video, my sister received it as a gift and she was probably 12 years old at that moment ... What struck me most was the lack of conflict in the middle of the movie that so many movies have, where the characters The main ones get angry at each other because when it's time to explain themselves, they just do not say the only thing you're shouting on the screen that would make sense of the whole thing, that any person of reasonable intellect would know what to say. This is what I like most about the movie, I suppose, that the main characters do not do bad things with each other halfway ... they do not separate or invent, they just get more liked as the movie continues. <br /> <br /> These two children come together and, although at first they seem to be from opposite sides of the track, they are not so different. Loui is really just a middle-class child who needed to realize how fortunate it was to have a loving family, and Cecelia was a high-class girl who just needed to show her family that she existed and would miss her if she I would have gone. Anyway, I saw this movie published on Hulu and I had to see it again ... surely if the script is analyzed and not, Woog and Dweeb should not eat hot dogs, since they would have been herbivores. <br /> <br /> Now, what detracts from the movie is its unexpected fear. Young children under 5 years old would probably be frightened by the scenes with Dr. Screweyes. And, adding him to the middle of the movie (although it's obvious in the first scene that will make his appearance) is too abrupt ... there should be a vision of him doing his show at the beginning of the movie, maybe to show That is not so scary without the dinosaurs. I guess he just did not have any real danger present throughout the first half of the movie, so he lacks a little continuity when he appears for the second half. <br /> <br /> Taking into account the target audience, who am I? Surely I can ignore the problems of animation and dialogue that are not so amazing ... I think I'll also give you a pass on those factors and I'll just enjoy the story. It's a great movie for children and it stays in your mind ... it makes you think a bit about how you treat people and it should be reviewed every 10 years, I think.
