I have not always been a fan, but the show grew on me. It was not until after season 5 that I began to see the richness of the show. Finally, they put an end to Daniel Jackson's search for his wife and finally the majority of the Go, or the Lords of the system were killed by the rival Lords, SG-1 or others. <br /> <br /> By season 5, Stargate SG-1, was starting to get rancid. With the new writers and the attention of Produer Peter Deleuise, the show became increasingly solid. <br /> <br /> The characters had also become obsolete. Colonel Jack O'Neill was the stereotyped hero with emotional baggage. After his son Charlie died in a shooting accident with O'Neill's gun, he decided to end his own life by going to Abydos to face the Go'ould RA. The character offers little growth for any actor and the actor, Richard Dean Anderson, chose to interpret it directly, raising emotional barriers to protect himself. only allowing the entry of your close friends. <br /> <br /> Amanda Tapping joined the cast as Captain Samantha Carter. She was a feminist on the edge, ready to fight against any man who doubted his ability to do his job. Although this character had little room to grow, Tapping has done a great job of focusing on Carter's strengths. He has taken the time to get a basic understanding of some of the things Carter talks about in order to present the character in an intelligent way. <br /> <br /> Christopher Judge joined the cast as alien alien Teal'c. Teal'c was an extraterrestrial named Jaffa. Infant Go'ould, (snake-like creatures) would be embedded in the Jaffa until they had grown to the point where they would insert themselves into another form of life. The Jaffa would die. Teal'c was the first cousin of Apophis's army. Knowing that Apophis was not a god like the one Go'ding could fake, he realized the genocide his armies had provoked in the galaxy. Finally, having had enough, he and Jack O'Neill freed their team along with a few innocent people. After arriving on Earth, he realized that the Earth was the planet he was looking for, that would help him fight the Go'ould. Christopher Judge has done enough with a limited character. Teal'c is a wise warrior, much of what he learned was from his teacher, Master Bra'tac. The show would not be complete without Maestro Bra'tac played by Tony Amandola. It is also a rock. In the end, he became an adviser to most of SG-1, especially Daniel Jackson. <br /> <br /> Don S. Davil was there from the beginning, playing Major General George Hammand. Davis has done an incredible job with Hammond making him nice and normal. He does his job, he has a wife, sons and daughters and grandchildren. You can really tell, he is the anchor of the base. I would simply die for that man. If their superiors do not allow them to provide troops to support teams outside the world. He will go to himself. He does not leave anyone behind. <br /> <br /> I saved Dr. Daniel Jackson for the end, because this character, I think he has grown more in the ten or eleven years he has been. In choosing Shanks, I do not think the producer realized how strong Shanks would be and now, when people talk about Jackson, he does not talk about Spader, he talks about Shanks. In the early years, the character of Jackson came out as a whiner. That's why I was probably not a fan. As the seasons hit, the character became stronger. This gave him confidence. In the end, beginning with season 10, Jackson's character has matured to the point that he has become a self-sacrificing hero. He still monitors the ethics of the groups. He is still the leader in providing information that can advance any mission. Archeology, history, culture and exploration are part of their own being. He is determined Although he is a man of peace, he has matured to the point that using his weapons may be the only way to resolve a disagreement. <br /> <br /> Other characters include, most recently: Vala Mal Doran (Claudia Black) and Colonel Cameron Mitchell (Ben Browder), the new leader of SG-1. Both actors come from a series called Farscape and why all the bodies came together, I suppose. I see little difference between Mitchell and Crichton (character of Farscape). Black's character is simply out of the wall. Definitely different from his soldier character as Arin Soon.
