Wow, a lot of comments for the demon experiment are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I run Unearthed Films. We just released Guinea Pig movies on DVD for North America. Now, before asking, why am I writing a review? Instead, ask why some people hit you. I am writing this review because I love Guinea Pig movies. Because I love you? It's because they go down the throat and do not let go. I have seen everything. Almost all the horror films known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. From every underground cult sensation to every Hollywood blockbuster. I've seen it all and the films that have remained in my head over the years were definitely Guinea Pig movies. Because because it does not try to hide the reason why we watch horror movies in the first place. This revision is for the demon experiment. I find it without a history, which is fine with me. Why do I watch horror movies? So I can see blood and blood and the torture of people. The demon experiment not only delivers, but it is all that is. Pure unadulterated violence. Yes, I like a story, but sometimes I just want the gore and the Devils Experiment is done ten times. Why do people hit him? Because they like a story, so that the torture and death of a person can hide behind a story. It makes them feel better with themselves. We all want blood and blood. It's really hard to justify it if you're not involved in a story. The Guinea Pig films have a historical significance for them and have created a definitive touch every time they were released. <br /> <br /> I am delighted to be able to release one of the most famous horror series in the world. . Maybe I should not have written this review, but again maybe I should. My point of view is partial because we release them, but again it is not. I have always told people to find them and to see them long before they start to Unearth movies. Of course it's exploitative and exaggerated, but that's not why we see horror movies in the first place. The demon experiment is NOT for everyone. It's only for thrill seekers and gorehounds. If you think that Jason's films and Freddy Krueger's are incredible, stay with them. But if you are on the next level and you have seen everything, then the demon experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been launched for more than 17 years. They are wrong, they are disgusting and they are very bad, and they have nothing to do with your mother, unless it is totally cool. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
