I'm a big fan of movies where people are tricked, and House of Games is almost the pinnacle of the "movies where people are tricked" genre. In short, it is an exceptional thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat by providing interesting characters with many levels, and never really reveals what is happening, while throwing many laps and surprises to completely alter what you just saw. The film is against the public on many occasions and, although we know it; It is still difficult to guess where it is going, and each turn is presented as a surprise. As mentioned, I am a big fan of the cons in the movies and the plot of this follows a psychiatrist who receives a patient with a huge debt to a player. He then addresses the player in an attempt to help his patient and, on the way, delves into the art of reading people to get a scam. <br /> <br /> House of Games breathes a poor quality environment Throughout, and David Mamet does well to set the stage for his film on the underground levels of the city. The film is well acted too, with all those interested in bringing life and credibility to their characters with the greatest skill. Joe Mantegna plays the swindler in the heart of the film, and although his acting is a little complicated, he is always solid and credible as the villain of the piece. Lindsay Crouse stars with him as the psychiatrist seduced by his work, and once again is credible in his role. It may not be the best, but at least it can act. However, the way the film runs its plot is the main star of the show, and no doubt you will be surprised on multiple occasions how the film manages to constantly surprise and deceive the viewer. Sometimes it's almost as if we're in the middle of the action and being scammed by the scammers in the movie. Another good thing about this movie is the way it shows the audience how to achieve certain inconveniences, which is useful if you are interested in earning twenty dollars, for example. All in all, House of Games is an exciting first class trip.
