David Mamet wrote the script and made his directorial debut with 'House of Games', a character study loaded with psychological connotations, in which a psychiatrist is drawn to the dark world of the game of trust. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and has written a highly successful novel, 'Driven'. Even so, she is somewhat dissatisfied with her own personal life; there is a void that can not be defined or resolved, and that increases their vulnerability. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), confesses to him during a session that he owes a lot of money to some players and that he will be killed if he does not pay, she decides to intervene on his behalf. This takes her to the "House of the Games", a small dive where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic con man who does not waste time before attracting her to his world. Instead of the 'big twenty-five' that Billy said he owed, Mike shows him his book and turns out to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to clean the board, if she agrees to do him a simple favor, which involves a set of cards he has in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; While he is gone, his job is to monitor the "story" of one of the other players. By then, not only Margaret, but also the audience, is hooked. The dialogue, and the unique style of Mamet and the precise cadence with which his actors interpret their lines, is fascinating. While Mike guides Margaret through her convincing and surreal realm of existence, and presents the intricacies of the scam game, they drag us along with her. From that first memorable encounter, when it demonstrates what a "story" is and how it works, to the lessons of the "short scam", to the impressive climax of this movie, Mamet keeps the scam with an urgency that is relentless. And nothing is what it seems. In the end, Margaret learns some difficult lessons about life and human nature, and about herself. She changes and if it is for the better or not, she is open to speculation. Mantegna is absolutely fascinating in this movie; he lends every nuance possible to a complex character who must be able to take him voluntarily into the shadows, and he does. Crouse also becomes an exceptional performance here; she feels the rigid, tense agitation that flutters beneath that calm, confident exterior of herself, and when her experiences with Mike induce a change, she makes him feel how deeply she has penetrated. She makes you believe that she is capable of what she does, and also makes you understand. The dynamic support distribution includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (The businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). 'House of Games' is the Mamet par excellence; He has written and directed a series of plays and films of great caliber since then, and will undoubtedly honor us with more in the future. But this movie will be the one that defines it; and you can go to the dictionary and look for it. You will find it under 'Perfection'. This is a great movie that you do not want to miss. I qualify this 10/10.
