This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone that actually includes interesting ideas and smart stories (I note that both are based on short stories). The "Day of the exam" is scheduled for the future, unknown year, but at a point where they have cake candles that light, huge "phones" with the appearance of television that fold like many other entertainment machines and are distributed only to people of a certain age. .and on the day of the test, a point at which 12-year-olds must undergo an IQ test required by the government. The child is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) just celebrated his 12th birthday and is an intelligent child, so he is calm, even eager to take the exam as he sees his friends pass easily and knows that he will excel in base to Your school notes. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say that he should not have used his birthday wish to get a good score, and although his reason includes that they believe he is capable and should not have to worry, it is Pretty obvious they are worried. I will not reveal anything at the end, but I will say this: there is a point where we can glimpse what is to come because the exam is such a heavy subject: that night (or another one?) Your parents Ask Dickie if he prefers to see the television all night. By today's standards, we would be happy to say that you prefer to read and not just because there is nothing worth seeing ... but why does your family ask? The flavor of what is encouraged and discouraged in the future reminds me a bit of the atmosphere of Harrison Bergenon (which, I have heard, has not received a great adaptation to the screen). I just wish they could have provided an opening and closing narrative to make this issue as powerful as The Obsolete Man was. It seemed better than the story on which it was based. I have not read the book on which "A message of charity" was based, but I would like to do it because it was interesting: a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) is suffering from a fever due to dirty water, which has always been common in his hometown of Massachusetts ... but he can see through the eyes of a young puritan who suffers from the same kind of fever, Charity Payne, (Kerry Noonann), who is also in a position to experience what it happens around him. the. Both recover, especially because it is common for that to happen in 1985, but the connection does not disappear. Charity is curious about the images and sounds she records in 1985 and each enjoys the company of the other, especially Peter, who has promoted grades in school long enough to always feel isolated from other students, even in college. the one that has stayed in only one place in. However, things take an unexpected turn, when Charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who tells her that the 13 colonies will be separated from England as a sign of spell, added to the fact that she was saved from death by fever (not so common in 1700). The two try to learn a way to save her. The ending is sad but it has an interesting final moment that makes it moving. Both segments of this episode include a lot of pain, but both times, through a lesson / warning that sounds like something Rod Sterling would have cooked and entertained, make joyful observation a reminder that friendship, love and wisdom do a lot. Probably 3/4 of this has no subject, but somehow I think everything would have been approved by the Sterling team.
