Jim Carrey has returned to almost the same role he played in The Mask, a shy guy who is trying to get ahead in the world but who seems to be plagued by bad luck. Even when he tries to help a homeless man to be harassed by a group of thugs (and, of course, they have to be Mexicans, obviously), his goodwill towards his neighbor is counterproductive. In that case, it was not that hard to predict that I was about to have a bunch of angry thugs, but I like the movie to suggest that things like that should not be ignored. I remember the episode of Michael Moore's brilliant The Awful Truth, when they made a man lie down on the sidewalk and pretend to be dead and see who would stop and make sure he was okay. The results were not very promising, so it's good to see someone in the movies setting a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays the role of Bruce Nolan, the good guy mentioned above whose entire life seems to be falling apart. Or even better, it seems that it is being broken by the blows of bad luck like an asteroid entering the atmosphere (a small metaphor that emerges when Bruce miraculously finds himself in a gigantic piece of news later in the film). Bruce is almost 40 years old and all he has to show is a position as a news reporter of the type that reports on news as exciting as the local bakery that seeks to bake the largest cookie in the world. He is desperate to get the position of main presenter at the TV station, but loses his temper on live television when he hears that the job was for his rival colleague. You have to love how they compare the revelation of this news seconds before your first live report. It goes without saying that he loses patience on live television in one of the funniest scenes of the entire movie. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman offers a fantastic performance as Man himself, showing a God whose infinite wisdom is reflected in some way Through the enormous talent of Freeman as an actor. He is the type of God who takes his work very seriously, but in such a way that he advises his followers (as well as the viewers of this film) that there are times when it is necessary to slow down and do a manual job in the lifetime. . I love your line that some of the happiest people in the world come home and smell high in the sky at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (perhaps more than our part in the United States) who are so absorbed by their money and their possessions and their jobs, and all that completely lost touch with the natural side of themselves as human beings. <Br /> <br /> One of the greatest strengths is that the film can provide great advice to people in general about how to improve their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable, regardless of the religion of the viewer. I, for example, tend to reject organized religion in all its forms and see God and Satan as metaphors for different aspects of nature and human psychology rather than real figures who have lived or continue to live. But despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists as an entity that oversees the universe or as a white-clad doorman who cleans the floors of his downtown office in his spare time, I could appreciate the messages that were delivered in this film. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey's films show this fantastic evolution that unites them all and makes the newest ones look even better just because you can see how far he has come. If you compare Bruce Almighty to films like Ace Ventura (both of them I loved, by the way) or a lot of what he did before he entered the film, it's amazing how far he has come. He has moved from the corny television comedy to corny comedy movies to comedies that are truly smart and meaningful like this movie and others like The Truman Show, Man on the Moon and The Majestic (easily one of his best movies). Jim Carrey has moved unequivocally away from the corny comedy of his past to become one of the most important comic actors working today. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Aniston also offers an excellent addition to the movie (as she did at Office Space) as Bruce's girlfriend, who feels increasingly exasperated by Bruce's growing stress over his life and his negligence for asking him to marry him. Definitely, there is a low-brow comedy in the film that does not fit with the importance of the meaning of the film or the quality of the delivery, like the dog that reads the newspaper on the toilet and the whole scene of the monkeys, but it was definitely It's nice to see Spike, Ace Ventura's friend, make an appearance. As Stephen King knows very well, it is always good to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. <br /> <br /> Bruce is endowed with the powers of God for a period of time so he can understand life a little better, and says a lot about himself when he uses the powers only for his own purposes instead of help all the people who pray to him. What I love about this is that, as I said before, religion is absent from my life, but I could see this and learn a lot about myself also by thinking of the kind of things I would have done if I had been endowed with such powers. The film allows us to learn indirectly in this way, which further strengthens the message. <br /> <br /> The scenes that involve the news station are easily the most amusing of the whole movie, like the scene in which Bruce loses patience. about the anchor position, the Jimmy Hoffa scene (which was conveniently buried with an original birth certificate and a complete set of dental records), the scene in which Bruce's rival colleague is made to go crazy in front of the camera, and my favorites, those of the Beginning and end of the kitchen of the local bakery. The film has plenty of time for Carrey to emit some excellent jokes, such as when he tells God (who reveals that he is the janitor, the owner, the electrician, etc.) that his Christmas parties should be real blows and be careful. about drinking, because he might need someone to take him home! I also loved the ending when he says that behind every great man there is a woman who rolls her eyes. A little too true, and as Gallagher would add, behind every great man there is also an astonished mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies that have come out for quite some time. , and is probably the only religious one I can remember when I see that I am eager to buy DVDs to add to my personal collection. It is a comedy written and performed with good taste, but with enough humor to keep the children entertained. This is a meaningful comedy for the whole family, which is becoming increasingly rare today. In a world that is about to be flogged with another American Pie movie and another scary movie (which are only terrifying due to their sheer barbaric idiocy), it is good to see that there are still people who make comedies that are worth seeing. Do not miss it.
