Given the title, this first follow-up of QUARTET (1948) obviously reduces the number of W. Somerset Maugham stories that make up the film. The author still appears to present the episodes, but this time there is no epilogue; by the way, while the script of the original compendium gave exclusive credit to R.C. Sheriff, here Maugham himself also helped in the adaptation, as well as Noel Langley (although it is not clear if they contributed a segment each or if they did not work in unison). As can be expected, much of the crew of QUARTET has been retained for the second installment, although this also extends to at least three cast members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the last two they had bit parts in the Quartet Episode titled "The Colonel's Lady"). While the TRIO finally seems to be a smaller achievement than its predecessor (a bit unbalanced by the third story that occupies more than half of the execution time), it is still done with the utmost care, acted with enthusiasm for a star cast and is extremely nice in the deal. <br /> <br /> "The Verger" speaks of a sexton church (James Hayter), for which the title of the story is another word, which was dismissed after 17 years of service by the new pastor (Michael Hordern ) simply because he is illiterate. Instead of resting on his laurels, despite his age, he not only takes a wife (his landlady, played by Kathleen Harrison), but also opens a tobacconist store strategically placed on a long stretch of road where no such service is offered. , and with businesses flourishing, this takes place in an entire chain. The last scene, then, sees him visit the bank manager, Felix Aylmer, who, not only is surprised to learn of Hayter's lack of education, but also asks what interests he had, to which the rich (and respected) ) The estanco responds, with a certain irony, that he had the vocation to be a verger. <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. Know-All "is the shortest, but also the most interesting: a trip in the sea is totally harassed by the unbearable presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick), British despite his foreign name, Kelada, who professes to be An authority on virtually every subject under the sun, Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to endure it the most, the latter because he shares a cabin with the man and the first, in view of Patrick's attentions to his beautiful wife (Anne Crawford), however, during a costume party, the passengers decide to enact their "revenge" on Kelada by having one of them pass himself off as a joke (a joke he naturally does not appreciate)! Well, here is where he manages to show a decent side to his character, Crawford told him that the necklace he is wearing is an imitation, Wayne challenges Patrick to name his price ... but the latter immediately realizes what is article g I enuino and that this would do it. Commitment to Crawford's position if I told him so, so Kelada gets publicly ridiculed instead of exposing the fact that the woman probably has a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As it can also be deduced from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with the innumerable patients in a place like this, directed by Andre 'Morell; The protagonist is a new intern, Roland Culver, who observes with nostalgia the various events. The narrative, in fact, highlights in particular three separate lines of the plot: a humorous (the 'fight' between two elderly Scots residents in the sanatorium, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), a melodramatic (the erratic relationship between a disgruntled patient Raymond Huntley and his long-suffering but devoted wife, Betty Ann Davies) and a bittersweet (the romance between the naive but charming Jean Simmons and the handsome Michael Rennie, who despite having almost everything against him, including the fact that Morell has diagnosed Simmons as a "lifesaver", while Rennie has only a few years left, takes the couple to the altar).
