This was a small and wonderful American propaganda film that is highly creative and openly discusses Nazi atrocities before the full extent of the extermination camps was revealed. Although at the end of 1944 and until 1945 it would reveal how evil and horrible they were, this film, unlike other Hollywood films to date, is the most brutally honest film of the time that I have seen with respect to the Nazi atrocities. <br /> <br /> The film begins in a courtroom in the future, after the war ends (the film was made in 1944, the war ended in May 1945). In this fictitious world court, a Nazi leader is being tried for war crimes. Wilhelm Grimm is totally unrepentant and is called one by one the witnesses who reveal the life of Grimm since 1919 in a series of flashbacks. At first, it seems that the film will be comprehensive or explain how Grimm was pushed to join the Nazis. However, after a while, it becomes very evident that Grimm is just a sadistic monster. These episodes are incredibly well done and undoubtedly interest you and also make the film look less like a propaganda, but a legitimate drama. <br /> <br /> In general, the film does a great job considering the film mostly stars in second level actors. There are many scenes and convincing representations, especially the Jewish death scene very prescient towards the end, which can not avoid approaching the tears. It was also interesting how, at the same point in the film, there were some super creative scenes that use crosses in a way that you may not realize at the beginning. In general, it is a must for history lovers and for anyone who wants to see a good movie. <br /> <br /> FYI: This does not mean a serious criticism of the film, but Hitler was considered as "that paper hanger". This is a reference to the myth that Hitler once made money by putting wallpapers. In fact, this is NOT true: previously he had been a "hungry artist", a homeless person and had served well in the German army in World War I. A horrible person, yes, but never a paper hanger!
