Made after what was QUARTET, TRIO continued the quality of previous versions of Maugham's film. Here the three stories are THE VERGER, MR. KNOW-IT-ALL, and SANITORIO. The first two are comic (THE VERGER is like a prolonged joke, but with a good reward), and the latter is more serious (since it is health problems). Once again, the author presents the film and the stories. <br /> <br /> James Hayter, who will soon have his signature role as Samuel Pickwick, is the hero of THE VERGER. He has this small custody job in a church, but the new Vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears that Hayter has no education, he dismisses him. Hayter has saved some money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he likes to buy a small tobacco and news store. He has a good eye, and his store thrives. Soon he has a whole chain of stores. When his grandson is baptized by Hordern, the latter is astonished to see how prosperous his ex-Verger is. The reward is when the bank's manager, Felix Aylmer, meets with Hayter to diversify his investments. I leave it to you to listen to the unintentional but ironic coda of the meeting. <br /> <br /> According to Maugham, he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a striking, friendly and slightly dominant Middle Eastern guy who is on a business trip (in relation to jewelry) on a steamboat. His partner in the state room is Mr. Gray (the always calm and proper Wilfred Hyde-White) who, in some way, silently disapproves of Max. Max likes to animate things, and soon he is very involved in the entertainment of the boat. At this point, the story really resembles part of the plot of the story and the film that is not from Maugham CHINA SEAS (1935), while Max makes a bet that he can distinguish a true jewel from a fake (after insisting in which a jewel he saw is real). I will not describe the way Max gets up on occasion. <br /> <br /> SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (the fictional alter ego of Maugham, a writer and once a spy as in THE SECRET AGENT OF Hitchcock). Here you have to use a sanitarium for a couple of months for your health. Find a remarkable group of people, including Jean Simmons as a fragile but beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie as an irascible Scot, John Laurie as a second irascible Scot who is "at war" with Currie, Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient who only He shows his inner anger at his situation when his wife appears, and Michael Rennie as a young man who has a serious illness that threatens his life. Culver sees three stories between these characters play to their conclusions. The latter, which deals with Simmons and Rennie, is ironic but deeply moving. <br /> <br /> It was an excellent follow-up to the previous QUARTET, and it's worth seeing.
