This revision contains spoilers for those who do not know the details of the real story on which this movie is based. <br /> <br /> The right to be presumed "innocent until proven guilty" is a basic right of any person in a civilized society; but according to the partisan but sadly convincing story of Fred Schepisi about a famous murder trial in Australia, it was not granted to Lindy Chamberlain, accused of killing her baby. The story that suggests that her innocence was unlikely (a dingo was supposed to have stolen her), but those that implied her guilt even more, and there was no solid evidence against her. But the Australian public was paralyzed by the possibility of their guilt, and the deeply religious Chamberlains seemed creepy when they appeared in the media (and the media themselves, of course, were anything but innocent in this process). So, although they were approved by an initial investigation, they were later prosecuted and convicted. Although Chamberlain was finally released, he embarrassingly only followed the discovery of new evidence that "proves" his innocence, something that defendants should not have to present. <br /> <br /> 'A cry in the dark' is well acted, especially by Meryl Streep, who presents a convincing Australian accent (at least to the ears of this Pom) and manages to keep Lindy understanding (towards us) while transmitting to us how he managed to become a national figure of hatred. The scenes in which she is really imprisoned are simple but heartbreaking, because we believe in the characters as real. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of their representation of this story (something I can not comment on), the broader theme of this film will be terribly true for anyone with a passing knowledge of the British popular press and its implacable custom of appealing directly to the less charitable instincts of its readers. No legal system will ever be perfect; but the current cry against asylum seekers in contemporary British newspapers comes from the same pit of evil as the voices that drove Lindy Chamberlain away. I am not a religious man, but the Bible still contains some murderous lines (if you excuse the play on words). "Do not judge so that you will not be judged" is one of them.
