I found it hard to like someone in this movie. The central characters, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears overnight in the Australian outback, are not bad people, but surely not all, or even most, of the scores of people we see throughout this film would be bad if we knew them better. But although we are as sure as the film wants us to be guilty or innocent of the Chamberlain since the beginning of the tragic disorder of his life, the film acquires a more or less sociological perspective related to gossip, the media, the crowds, the mobs and assumptions. It is not a film about the degenerate society of Australia in particular; it is simply an account of a true story that happened there. Mass society is much less evolved than the individual makes sure we are. <br /> <br /> When a guardian insists on killing all the dogs of an aborigine due to the unverified action of a single wild dog, when a random ruined life spins even more out of control because the Most magazines, newspapers and television programs distort the tragic truth to a level of drama that provokes consumers in a frenzy, there are no signs of empathy or even any kind of look out of their own unconscious perceptions, influenced by left to right by the vigorous rumors and vibrations of those who surround life. The reason why I appreciate the film is because it makes the focus turn from the inside out, from the victims to the masses. <br /> <br /> Leaving aside the evidence against Lindy Chamberlain, the suspicion was driven primarily by a virtue of his. In the eyes of the public, she did not seem sufficiently distressed about the death of her daughter. Why was he able to remain calm, even a kind of distant attitude, let alone keep his head up, for television and the press? How much of the downward spiral could have been avoided if she had been more comfortable with the public in the media? Meryl Streep, one of the best actresses who work today, if not the best actress, may not provide a performance that excels particularly, and frankly neither does any other actor or film department. But she and the writers understand Lindy. What is exasperating is that it is not so difficult. Apparently, in any case, she was not naturally inclined to show emotion in public. Whether or not it is accessible as an adorable character in the immediate sense, we are naturally prone to sympathize with your situation. <br /> <br /> If your performance is as rewarding as Sophie's Choice, The Devil Wears Prada, Angels in America or another similar job, it's a triumph. It is difficult to captivate an audience when you intentionally deny them ideas about yourself. It frustrates us because we do not know what you are thinking or feeling. It took me a while to feel pleased with her, but this is the way the film suggests the reaction of the public's attention. <br /> <br /> She is married to a pastor, and both practice a religion that is in a small minority and therefore misunderstood by the majority. Initially, they react to their loss as if they were reconciled with the will of God, initiating a mill of rumors that generated the idea that the death of their daughter was a kind of ritual murder on their part. Whatever happened to the girl, her parents were part of a margin with which most of the media did not identify immediately, so the first inclination was to pursue them as a pack of hungry people ... Well ... <br /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are constantly on the screen, but the Australian public plays the real leads here. As the score for each advance of the plot, the director Fred Schepisi cuts from the restaurant to the tennis court and from the dinner to the office, where the public treats Lindy and is carried away by his own passionate projections. <br /> <br /> This Golan -Globus docudrama is not particularly memorable. The atmosphere of the configuration does not offer a sufficiently pleasant compensation due to the fact that no performance or production facet is highlighted. But it is very successful as an accusation of the collective conscience of the public.
