['Spoilers: I picked up the book &quot;Evil Angels&quot; when it came out for the first time without knowing anything about the case. Just to give the press and the Austrian people a break, I was quite into this before I began to question Chamberlain&#39;s guilt. The author obviously intended for the reader to understand why the public jumped to the conclusions they made. John Bryson told the story as it was presented to the jurors (and collected by the press) of the arterial spray, the actelone plates (??), the certainty of Dr. James Cameron that the necklace was cut with scissors, which a baby could not be taken out of his clothes with the buttons still made, bloody hand print, etc. all in a convincing way. After all, these were experts in their fields who testified for no apparent reason to lie, and the fact that the evidence was completely wrong was not obvious to me at all. It was also a highly technical evidence, difficult for a layman to understand. Up to this point, beyond some testimony of rumors in the trials, almost nobody had heard of a dingo attacking a human; The people did not think it was possible. The public suspected the Seventh-day Adventists, whose origins made them seem like a cult, and all kinds of savage beliefs about them contributed to the appearance of guilt. If it were not for dedicated and selfless lawyers who worked tirelessly to investigate and counteract the trial testimony, finding Azaria&#39;s clothes later would not have been enough to get Lindy out of jail. The book shook me for that reason, and since then I&#39;ve been reluctant to come to a conclusion about anyone&#39;s fault (except OJ, of course). I was thrilled that a film was made about the case and I do not think it could have been done better. I&#39;ve always liked Sam, with whom I completely identified, and Meryl was perfect as always. Beautiful photography, disturbing music. I think it&#39;s not just a very good movie, it&#39;s very important. Too bad it did not receive more publicity at the time of its release.']
