-The film tells the story of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after an evil wizard tells him to go to the city disguised as a beggar, the magician encloses the prince and soon becomes the main ruler of Baghdad. the imprisoned prince meets a thief named Abu who helps him escape from prison and goes to a town called Basra where he meets a princess he falls madly in love with, but unknowingly, the evil wizard Jafa is also in love with the princess and tries to convince her father to allow him to marry her. Jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the hearts of the girls, so he leaves him blind and turns Abu into a dog. This leads the prince and Abu to undertake an adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace in Baghdad and marry the princess. during their journey they encounter everything from sarcastic geniuses leading to Abu on a flight through the clouds, a giant spider that is really hungry, and a flying horse that probably gives birth to one of the most beautiful sequences ever You have seen these old eyes of mine. <br /> <br /> -This is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish that has flying horses, geniuses, flying carpets and magicians who can do magic instead of just hitting people with their sticks. It has no corny moment and the love story is not a waste of time. The production designs are simply stunning in this movie. From the palaces to the different dangerous traps that the heroes find. Although this film is more than 40 years old, the production design is much better than most garbage that is stuck in today's cinema. The music and the songs are also well done. Anyone who sees it will no doubt cheer: "I want to be a sailor who sails the seas" as one of the great musical moments of the movies. Normally I'm not a big fan of singing in movies, as I find them as enjoyable as my taxes, but I'll be more than happy to make an exception for this movie. <br /> <br /> -What is sold? The movie for me is the fact that you can see things that you do not see in everyday life, which is also the same reason why I love things like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill." Long before today's modern fantasy movie came with its realistic CGI to blow our minds, there was a movie that left you breathless without having a green screen scattered everywhere. One of my favorite shots in "Two Towers" is one in which we see the trolls opening the Black Doors, the main attraction of that shot for me was to see these great fantasy beings doing what is essentially manual work, and that It's what I love. The genius and other creatures in the movie. They are simply trying to make a living like everyone else, which gives them a real feeling even though they are just fantasy beings. <br /> <br /> -It is literally impossible to see this movie and not realize where. The creators of "Aladdin" were inspired. The characters in this movie are practically the same characters in that movie, from the talkative genius to the flying carpet. It's not totally bad in my eyes, since it's good to know that I'm not the only one on the planet who has a deep passionate love for this incredible movie. The first time I saw him was like a child in the country and I thought it was the best thing in the world and, seeing him again last week, I still think it's amazing. That is a true testimony that a great movie can stand the test of time. Sure, the effects seem a little outdated and corny, but they were made in the 40s, so give it a break. However, not everything seems outdated, since most things can still be maintained today when analyzed under the current standard. <br /> <br /> -If you ever wanted to see a live action version of "Aladdin", then you should get your wish with this, but the angry cynical group will probably do well to avoid this, since this will not be your cup of tea
