['The plot of &quot;The thief of Baghdad&quot; is complex, because it is counted in flashbacks and has three separate threads and equally important intertwined. The script of Lajo Biros and the dialogue of Miles Malleson make the story move skillfully in all points. The young King Ahmad of Baghdad is angry with his vizier Jaffar for executing a man for having different ideas. He discovers, disguised, that people blame him for Jaffar&#39;s acts and he hates him. He is imprisoned by Jaffar, where he meets Abu, the young thief. The two escape and take a boat to the city of Basra. There the companions spy when the men clear the way so that nobody sees the princess of the city pass by. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in his garden. He tells her that he has come to her beyond time and wins a kiss. Then he is captured. When Jaffar comes to win the princess of Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks the evil vizier who blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. Jaffar asks for the hand of the princess and gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the Sultan of Basra. The blind Ahmad tells his story in the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The prince has fallen asleep and nothing can wake her up. So Jaffar sends his servant Halima for Ahmad and the dog, hoping that the prince can awaken her. She wakes up. She boards a ship to find a doctor to cure Ahmad, but is captured by Jaffar, who then throws the dog overboard. Then he allows Jaffar to take her in his arms, in his promise to restore Ahmad&#39;s sight and turn Abu back into a thief. The princess sees a vision of Ahmad; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to harass him and Abu is shipwrecked on a desert island. Abu finds a genie or djinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries spent in a bottle. Abu tricks him into proving that it really comes from such a small container, and then recaps it. To release it, get three wishes. His first is for sausages. Meanwhile, the princess begs her father to refuse Jaffar; but Jaffar shows the Sultan a new mechanical toy, one of whose six arms stabs him to death. Abu makes a second wish, to find Ahmad. The astute genius takes him to the goddess of the eye that sees everything. Abu has to climb a large network to reach the gem that is the eye, fighting a giant spider and then climbing the statue of the goddess. Abu looks at the &#39;eye&#39; and sees Ahmad in a canyon. He has the genius to take him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. She smells a flower and forgets everything at once. Abu wished they were in Baghdad, but the genie laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him, omitting the mention of Ahmad. Ahmad tries to make his way to the princess, but Jaffar breaks the &quot;eye&quot;. Abu is in the &quot;Land of legend&quot;, where the elders who govern want to make him their king. He steals a bow and a magic carpet and escapes to rush to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young king from the executioner, using his bow on the flying carpet, before the wonder of the crowd that had come to watch the execution. Jaffar tries to flee on the mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow ends it. Ahmad returns to be ruler and plans to marry his princess; but when he tries to make Abu his vizier, the young thief refuses, saying that what he wants is adventure, not hard work and confinement in a palace no matter how big. This fantastic story was produced by producer Alexander Korda. The production was designed by Vincent Korda, who was also an art director, while Georges Perinal made the cinematography in full color. The accredited directors are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, with the participation of Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. The extraordinary and numerous costume designs were the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. The production, apart from its visual splendors of beautiful and expensive aspect, claim is dominated by two other elements, the choral music of Miklos Rozsa and the performance of Conrad Veidt as the evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram interprets the genius with a curious accent, in addition to his usual intelligence and power. June Duprez is charming and effective, since Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malleson a greedy and greedy Sultan. Like Ahmad, John Justin seems to do most of what can be done with the part of a young prince in love and something else; He is memorably good in his winning role. This film has an amplitude about it that is, I claim, in other Korda works as well. Its imaginative content contrasts with realistic sets, costumes and design elements of very strong ensembles. This is one of the most memorable fantasies of all time, worthy of being enjoyed again and again.']
