An absolutely beautiful film, one of the few that I saw when I was young that captivated me then, and still does, in the case of Thief, the impression seems to improve with the passage of time. In the 90s, my daughter and I had seen it many times on television, but we still saw the images when it came to local art cinema. When it was over, we came out with eyes full of poetry-filled heads and the moving music of Miklos Rozsa wishing he could have lasted a couple of hours and thinking how beautiful the world was again. <br /> <br /> Idealistic Prince Ahmad wants to shoot him down among his people for a while to check things out, but the evil Vizier Jaffar takes his chance to imprison him and take the throne. After escaping with a small thief played by Sabu, Ahmad sees a princess and they fall in love blindly. On the way they have many adventures (although apparently not enough for Sabu!) And Love not only conquers, but annihilates everything. The special effects must have been fascinating in 1940, but time has taken its toll and its impact has diminished, especially since the digital caricature has taken over even the live action. But they still hold up well compared to movies like Superman 40 years later. Anyway, if they ask me to suspend disbelief in gigantic geniuses, flying horses and rugs, I also suspend incredulity in the perfect special effects. Favorite bits: the dreamy scene in the garden illuminated by the sun when Ahmad reveals himself and Adelaide Hall's properly romantic song; The impressive colors in the tent in the land of legend? In fact, the impressive colors in everything; Sabu and Rozsa final triumphant but still melancholic. Conrad Veidt played the villain in two of the most incredible film films in history, East and Casablanca, and then died. John Justin and June Duprez were great in the main roles of the lovers, both with a light and refreshing difficulty, but the parties did not require a great variety of emotions: only pure love mattered. <br /> <br /> There are a couple of slightly violent images, but rest assured that this is a glorious and sensible experience with a 100% positive message; It is a pity that young children do not see this instead of the porn they prefer. One of my 10 movie favorites, can not I recommend this too? Let it show until the end of time.
