Mario Lanza, of course, is "The Great Caruso" in this 1951 film also starring Ann Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, Eduard Franz and Ludwig Donath. This is a highly fictitious biography of the legendary tenor of world renown whose name is known even today. <br /> <br /> The film is produced opulently and the music is gloriously and beautifully sung by Lanza, Kirsten, Judmila Novotna, Blanche Thebom, and other opera stars who appeared in the film. If you are a purist, seeing people on stage smiling during the "Lucia" Sextet will seem strange to you, even if Caruso's wife, Dorothy, has just had a girl. It is also very unlikely that Caruso ever sang to Edgardo in Lucia; the paper was too tall for him. <br /> <br /> By taking a dramatic license, the script leaves out some very dramatic parts of Caruso's life. What was so remarkable about him is that he actually created roles in the operas that are today in the standard repertoire, but this is never mentioned in the film. These roles include Maurizio in Adriana Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson in "The Girl in the Golden West." There is a famous picture of him posing with a sheet wrapped around him like a toga. The reason for that photo? His only shirt was in the laundry. He was one of the pioneers of recorded music and had a long association with Victor Talking-Machine Company (later RCA Victor). José was singing in Carmen in San Francisco the night of the earthquake. <br /> <br /> Instead, the MGM story basically made him die on stage during a Martha performance, which never happened. He had a hemorrhage during "L'Elisir d'amore" at the Met and could not finish the performance; he only sang three more times at the Met, his last role as Eleazar in La Juive. What killed him? The same thing that killed Valentino - peritonitis. His first role at the Met was not Radames in Aida, as indicated in the film, but the Duke in Rigoletto. So when she says on the screen "suggested by Dorothy Caruso's biography of her husband," that's what it was, suggested. What is certain is that Dorothy's father rejected her after her marriage and left her $ 1 of her enormous estate. They also had a daughter Gloria (who died at the age of 79 on October 7, 2007). However, Caruso had four other children with a mistress before marrying Dorothy. <br /> <br /> Some people say that Lanza's voice is very similar to Caruso's, but just listen to Caruso sing in the movie "Match Point" - Caruso's The voice is noticeably different from Lanza's. In fact, for his sound, if he had wanted to, Caruso could have sung like a baritone. It is believed that he had some problems with high notes, more evidence of baritone inclinations; and the role he was preparing when he died was Othello, a dramatic tenor role, which Lance definitely was not. Lanza's voice deserved not to be compared to another. He made a unique contribution to the history of cinema, popularizing opera music. Sing the music in "El Gran Caruso" with a robust energy; He is really here on top of what would be a short race. His performance is natural and genuine. Ann Blyth is lovely as Dorothy and she herself can sing a little. <br /> <br /> It really is a movie for opera lovers and Lanza fans, which is probably the same.
