When I saw this movie in the theater when it was released in 1995 through a free advanced screening, I was totally delighted and would have gladly paid to see it. I regretted it when I later spoke with many people who had also seen it and who were totally disappointed with this and how it ended. I, on the other hand, felt the opposite. I was totally satisfied with the result and everything else. The people I spoke with said there was too much conversation! Also, they were not happy because they felt that the ending made you wonder about the fate of the two characters. I found these observations to be absurd and also a painful evidence of how the majority of the American public seems to have a tendency to want easy stories to follow in films with little complex and intelligent dialogue so that they do not understand each other. confused. They also like to put an end to the spoon, happy or sad. I dislike this Nobody wants to be challenged anymore? And as for the end (and I do not want to be a spoiler), I am totally happy because I know in my heart that these two characters will be seen again. It is about your own personal faith in romance and destiny. It is a very personal film that does not speak to all people. But he certainly spoke to me. Give me a chance! Be patient with that! Richard Linklater has created a very beautiful film with a beautiful story that resembles the beautiful background of the city of Vienna. Seeing it makes you feel like you're walking through the streets of the city along with the characters. As if you were traveling through Europe with a Eurail pass. It is very intimate. In addition, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy do an exquisite job to bring the complex script to life. They must have improvised during some parts and it works well. They have great chemistry in their roles. Their discomfort as strangers to know each other at the beginning is very credible and you can really feel the romance and union that develops between them as the film progresses. I have the feeling that this was a very personal job for Mr. Linklater and I deeply respect him for having made this film. It definitely touched me and I hope it touches others the same way. Bravo for romance!
