After a casual encounter on the train, a young couple spends a single night walking through the streets of Vienna, discussing life and love. The main reason to see "Before Sunrise" is to see a young Julie Delpy deliver her lines. Like "Celine", this sexy, intelligent, brown-eyed blonde is a kind of cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell, as they were in their twenties. At risk of exaggeration, Celine is practically the ideal woman, unusually beautiful and very feminine, at the same time natural, unpretentious, introspective and lovingly selfless. We can easily forgive her that she is a bit eccentric and speaks a blue streak, since her sincere and intelligent comments are sometimes penetrating. In addition, his varied expressions are nothing but captivating and he speaks English with a French accent that is very endearing. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the ointment of this good movie, it would have to be your careless and disheveled comparsa. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" appears as a vaguely attractive bum, a kind of Maynard G. Krebs of the nineties. Trying to appear detached and carefree, he crawls himself through certain shots. His pants do not fit, his shirt is unbuttoning, his dark wavy hair (his most attractive feature) needs a good wash, and someone should really have taught him how to properly trim his young knob. However, he is supposed to represent an unwashed young man on a two-week train ride through Europe, so the appearance he has cultivated is probably quite genuine. Her often cynical remarks and ironic sense of humor seem to impress the quiet romantic Celine, although she is sometimes disturbed by the magnitude of her alienation. When he finally confesses that he is completely fed up with himself and that he likes to be close to her because he feels a different person in his presence, we know that he is getting somewhere. <br /> <br /> After spending their collective funds on a series of fun cafes, bars and attractions, they agree that, since they will never see each other again, they should make the most of it. Jesse burns a bottle of red wine from a sentimental waiter so he and his newly discovered love lady can go to a local park in the middle of the night to lie on the grass, look at the moon and the stars and watch the sun come up. above. <br /> <br /> Given her unlimited luck in the romance department, it's especially annoying when Jessie, like the definition of a naive imbecile, allows this wonderful young lady to get out of her hands. He was content with a half-baked plan, devised quickly at the railway station when he says goodbye, to meet in the same place in half a year. When the appointed time comes, you will simply know that this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved with another, perhaps even married and pregnant. For whatever reason, she may not appear, while Jesse, who ends up working at Target or (if lucky) at the local library, will return to Vienna, desperate to see her again, only to end up alone. <Br /> <br /> Despite what for me was a very disappointing conclusion, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful film. I recommend him and the sequel, "Before Sunset".
