['I bought the Before Sunset DVD and saw it for the first time a week ago. After having seen it twice, I could not avoid losing Before Sunrise, not because the sequel was not so good, but I felt that these two films were completed with each other like no other sequel, every time I finished seeing one of them, I feel the need and the longing to see the other. Then, I ended up spending the weeks observing them both repeatedly, I would be embarrassed to mention how many times exactly. The highlight of Before Sunrise is how you feel the development of your characters&#39; feelings towards others. It sounds so simple, the growth of chemistry, I think other romantic movies might think they manage to track the development, but for me, who does not believe in Nora Ephron, Before Sunrise is the first movie that really gives the viewers. opportunity to feel it. When I saw it for the first time, about 8 years ago, when I was 20 years old, I already liked it. But, I did not call it a &quot;great movie,&quot; it still seemed like a good movie to people who think. Linklater was too smart to make it more realistic, it was 10 minutes too much, the characters were too well manufactured, I thought I liked it because it was like a dream and because he enjoyed his conversations, etc., etc. But now, thanks to Before Sunset, I feel it&#39;s more of Before Sunrise than I felt before. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. How each of them is a separate element, and have the opportunity to mix, the story is only a time frame, I no longer feel manipulated. And the freedom that each scene has, as well as its refusal to be too efficient, how blind I was that those qualities did not seem so exceptional to me when I saw it for the first time! Now that 8 years have passed, the more films I&#39;ve seen, the more I realize that many movies are just collections of ordered scenes that only exist for their final, including movies like Pulp Fiction or Linklaters&#39; own Slackers included. The story of Jesse and Celine prevents, perhaps Before Sunset is a better example in this case, but Before Sunrise is also one of the few films whose end is just a consequence of time, not a destination, each scene has its own life . I do not know if Linklater or someone else had a sequel in mind when they did Before Sunrise, but for me, one of the most surprising things about these sequels is how these two films are visually contrasted. Before sunrise, which I think employs more static angels and brighter color schemes, seems to try to capture the smaller atoms of vivacity that surround Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope, whether the characters feel it or not. Meanwhile, I enter into the vision of boredom when Jesse got stuck talking to reporters at Before Sunset, and Celine&#39;s first smile behind the shelves is the most harrowing smile I&#39;ve seen at the beginning of a movie, and the many shots in movement after that. It takes me to a place I do not know with a sadness in me, no matter how beautiful Paris is, and no matter how happy I am that they meet again. I&#39;m sorry I continued so long with my limited English. Before Sunrise is already an extraordinary film without me pouring my scattered thoughts, and it gets even better with an equally large sequel that follows it.']
