I managed to capture a double feature from the previous night of "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004), and I watched both films in a row, without really having the opportunity to catch my breath or reflect on them. The meaning of each film separately. After falling asleep, I must say that I greatly prefer the first to the second, and explain why. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise presents us with the young actors, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets Society), only 25 at the time of the premiere of the film; and Julie Delpy (the trilogy of the three colors), then 26 (although they look much younger). He is a promiscuous American writer, who toured Europe after breaking up with his girlfriend; She is a young French student, on her way home to Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and spontaneously decide to get off the train together. The two individuals, deeply spiritual and intellectual, spend the night together walking the beautifully captured streets of Vienna, exchanging ideals and thoughts and gradually falling in love with love. <br /> <br /> The film is written in all the 90s: at that time Technology was jumping fast, the new millennium with all its hopes and dreams waiting for them around the corner, and young adults like Those shown in the film were filled with love for life and a passion for the future. The characters of Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all their flaws and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, by mistake or intentionally, was half French American, and oscillated from one spectrum to the other, breaking the character of the character) . Credibility), they were a mirror of the time. Seeing the naive couple swallow life with so much sense and emotion, acting cliché and romantic and getting the audience to fall in love with them, is what really made this movie work for me. The fact that the director does not tell you if your relationship continues after the movie or does not make everything worth more. <br /> <br /> In short, Sunrise is a dream trip through the urban landscapes of Vienna, a well-told classic romantic date and a film to which I will undoubtedly return for more information in the future.
