Before Sunrise is happening many remarkable things, almost too many to fit in a critique like this, but it is enough to say that it is one of the most observant character studies of the nineties, maybe even in all contemporary cinema, to be observer not about love, let's say, as much as it is about a human connection. How do you fall in love at first sight? Nobody does, at least that's in the depth of the consensus that Linklater wants to show with his film. And * still * exists the possibility of such an intense connection, of a bond that can be formed in those who are young and with many ideas that can be expressed in an articulated manner and with a great breadth of cynicism and in some way is very tender and true at the same time. hour. Linklater here tells the story of Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy who get off the train to Vienna, and on the way they start talking about things, at first arbitrarily, then personally (Jessie sees the death for the first time in his great grandfather). Jessie convinces Celine to accompany him on a night in the "city", in Vienna, to his plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> Before dawn, Jessie and Celine are in the middle of beautiful Vienna. scenarios and places to follow and follow on topics that are very important, and in a certain sense it is about having conversations, about what it is to see people who have one that leads to the other and another. Here it is often about relationships and compromises, since Jessie and Celine tell stories sometimes somewhat inconsequential, or apparently so, and others that can say a lot about their essential qualities. We heard confessions of desires for other loves, or what were not really loves, to be part of a family or part of an education that may or may not inform how you will love your life, what it means to believe or not. believe in some religious way, or simply to have some connection with any faith and with the soul (I loved the part of Quakers in the church), and sometimes with cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be more responsible for the last part, but the fascinating thing about the film is that it is never exactly cynical in itself, it only comments on the cynicism found in the concerns of men and women at that age of their lives. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, it's always great to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in these roles, where they are not incessantly annoying in the X-Generation mode of the '90s, but they are the kind of people in which, if not, in the central concept of the film. which is not bad at all, but necessary, one could think of walking through the streets of a city somewhere. The idea is that of an old romantic image of Brief Encounter, only that intimacy here is expressed in the central characters, either to each other, where the sweet words are acceptable ("I have to tell you a secret", says Jessie, and then leans in a kiss, ho-ho), or in the small moments that appear with other people on the road. I loved the scene with the poet, where it is very cinematic to suddenly find a random bit romantic player in the middle of a romantic image with such beautiful words at his disposal, or with the palm reader and how Jessie and Celine react. It is that we could share, but we are really seeing that they do it first-hand. Meanwhile, Hawke and Delpy embody the roles in an interesting way, we can see how neuroses are forming for their adult lives, as it can lead to the future ... <br /> <br /> With a splendid cinematography and a script with an ear for natural wit and a true sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness, however autonomous it may be, as it can lead to something more. Who can say that he can not be united to someone suddenly, even if only for less than 24 hours, and be much closer than a marriage? This is perhaps Linklater's thesis, but there is something more than that. It's a very dense movie, and one that will make me call her repeatedly. One particular scene, which is both cheesy and bright, is when the two are talking 'on the phone' facing each other, imitating that their exhibitions could be directed to the other's friend. A +
