Many of the criticisms in this thread seem to choose a comparison of this movie with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare the films they choose, but the similarities of "The Mortal Storm" and "Watch On The Rhine" are clearly the problems of the refugees threatened by the Nazi monster, while the main comparative point presented with "Casablanca" is the It seems to be an unfair treatment to Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, because they chose Paul Lukas for the Oscar for Best Actor. I do not think it's totally wrong. Lukas had a good career in film (both here and in England, he is the villain of "The Lady Vanishes"), and this was his best performance. Bogart had more great performances in him than Rick Blaine (for example, he was ignored by Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years before, both were top-notch performances, and he would not get a Oscar for his best performances as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure Of Sierra Madres", the writer / murder suspect in "In A Lonely Place", and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny" later, he got it for Charley in "The African Queen"). I think Bogie should have gotten it for the role of Dobbs, but it was not like that. But Lukas was lucky: he got it in the defining performance of his minor career. Few can claim that. <br /> <br /> For me, the movie to watch with "Watch On The Rhine" is based on another play / script by Hellman, "The Searching Wind". Both look at the spirit of isolation of the United States in the 1920s and 1930s. "The Searching Wind" is really observing the entire period between the wars, while "Watch On The Rhine", which takes place in the years prior to our entry in World War II, it takes a few weeks. Therefore, it is better constructed as a game and more significant because of its impact. <br /> <br /> The film has many good performances, led by Lukas as the exhausted but determined anti-Nazi fighter / messenger, Davis as his loyal wife (wisely keeps his character as inconspicuous as possible because Lukas it's the character). the center of the activities of the play), Coulouris as the selfish, intriguing, but ultimately foolish and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as the mother of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as the wiser and saddest wife of Coulouris), and Kurt Katch, who carries out a devastating criticism (as the head of the Gestapo of the local embassy) on Coulouris and others who will deal with the Nazis. Has a dialogue with bite in it. And what he says is quite true. He also has moments of poetry nearby. Witness the scene, towards the end, when Coulouris is left alone with Lukas and Davis, and says: "The New World has left the scene to the Old World." Hellman could write very well sometimes. <br /> <br /> Given the strength of the script of the film and its performances, I would rate this film as one of the films of the Second World War.
