Before Sunrise is a romance for the weaker generation. The romantic drama of Richard Linklater is an unconventional account of a dream come true for most people. The film shows the romance in all its splendor, but without any of the pitfalls that affect most couples; and in short, the film is about two people who have a relationship so close to perfection that the relationships will come, with a single problem, the problem of time. While most relationships end with time, it remains solid and time itself is the only thing that wears out. Before Sunrise, it's certainly not the typical sentimental 'Hollywood romance', which is another aspect that puts this league of movies ahead of the suitors. The story follows two people, Jesse; an American and celine; A French girl who is on a train to Vienna. They connect instantly, and after telling him his horrible idea for a television show and almost getting off the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for a day in the picturesque city of Vienna ... <br /> < br /> Before dawn works mainly for two reasons: realistic acting and an immense script that builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings and, therefore, allows us to know them as we do with people in real life . This allows the characters to be free, and it is easy to believe that they are real people and not just actors who work from a script. This also allows us to feel for the characters for who they are, and not simply because they are the protagonists. This type of realism is difficult to grasp because, at the end of the day, we, as a public, know that we are watching a movie and not observing real life; But Before Sunrise represents one of the most realistic realism exhibitions on the screen. A really great script can not work on its own, and it needs great actors to deliver it in a way that does it justice, and even though I'm not a fan of Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; When you watch this movie, there is nothing you can do but respect them. I do not know if they were in the character or just playing themselves, but when a movie is so good; It hardly matters. <br /> <br /> In a movie like this, it is writing that matters most, and within the script there are several observations about life, most of which I could personally relate to. This represents what Richard Linklater has achieved with this script, as he not only creates and builds the characters, but also manages to expose what true love is, along with other aspects of life. The fact that not all anecdotes can relate personally to me again represents the brilliance of the writing. Each person is different, so different parts of the script will attract different people. There could be certain aspects about a person that a person loves and another that he hates; and that is the case of the reflections in this script. Adding to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not really important for the film, since this is a story that could have taken place anywhere, but it creates a charming image and the lively and energetic romance that flourishes throughout the film is combined with the beauty of the movie. Location. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise is both beautiful and captivating. Richard Linklater has created something that is rare in the world of cinema; a film that captures the beauty of life without ever reaching the top or being too sentimental. Before sunrise is what it is. And what it is, is pure cinematic brilliance.
