I'll tell you a story from the summer of 1994. A friend and I attended a Canadian Day concert in Barrie, and he was a who's who of the best Canadian bands of the time. We arrived at about 4 am, we waited in the queue almost all morning, and when the doors opened at 9 am, we were among the first to enter. Then we waited and waited in the hot sun, roasting slowly, but it did not matter, because the main artists were among our favorites. At a certain moment, in the early afternoon, I sat down and fell asleep with my back to the barrier. I woke up to my surprise and consternation for a girl who was screaming and wearing a rheostatic shirt. This is the reason why I hated the rheostates until today. There is nothing reasonable, nor determined by taste, nor really anything except his fandom. Brat of me, is not it? Therefore, I, in my hatred towards the band, have refused the delight that is Whale Music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl had everything. It is hard to say what he lost, since he lives in a fantastic mansion nestled between the ocean and the mountains (the region of British Columbia where the film was shot is impressive). The life with which most of us dream is dismantled by dreams, ghosts and their own past, until the day when a teenage criminal breaks out ... and, however trite it may seem, it breaks it. <br /> <br /> Canadian Cinema suffers from several problems. In general, the lack of money, as well as the unbearable lack of asking for help (as if the feature somehow stopped being Canadian) leads to lower production values ​​than American or British films, and most people do not. They like to see nothing. That sounds or sounds like, well, not like an American movie. Then, Canadian writers often seem so caught up in being weird that they lose sight of how to tell a good story and tell it well. Third, they seem to think that gratuitous (often complete) nudity does something artistic. I'm sure that anyone who watches enough Canadian films, especially late at night on the CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost as if a "do not do this" manual exists somewhere and Canadian filmmakers discarded it a long time ago. <br /> <br /> In the 90s and 00s, however, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's work and the brilliant CRAZY) have broken this mold and managed to maintain what makes them Canadian, while at the same time they maintain visible production values ​​and great stories. Whale Music is a movie of this type, on the surface. Deeper than just its Canadian isms, it is a deeply moving story of a man who has lost control, through pain and excess, who is redeemed by music and then by love. And that redeems even the rheostats. :)
