"Emma" was the product of what could be called the First Great Cycle of Jane Austen in the mid-nineties, and was recently shown on British television, no doubt due to the interest in the author created by the Second Great Cycle of Jane Austen It started with "Pride and Prejudice" two years ago. We currently have Austen's biopic "Becoming Jane" in theaters, and ITV has recently produced three TV movies based on Austen's novels. These include "Northanger Abbey," the only of the six major novels that have not been filmed before, so the cycle should be complete. No doubt, however, there will be more to come in the near future. (There is, after all, his youthful "Love and Freindship" (sic), the short novel "Lady Susan", and someone, somewhere, has undoubtedly given the endings to his two fragments without finishing "The Watsons" and "Sanditon." There are all those Austen sequels produced by modern writers ??????). <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from an aristocratic family in the Regency of England. (No, as some critics have assumed, Victorian England: Austen died before Queen Victoria was born). From the economic point of view, Emma is considerably better than most of Austen's heroines, like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and has no need to find a rich husband. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends. She convinces her friend Harriet to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should be staring at the ambitious cleric Mr. Elton. However, this plan goes disastrously bad, since Elton has no interest in Harriet, but has fallen in love with Emma. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes one wonder why she was so interested in relating her friend to a man she considers (rightly) as a marriage partner unsuitable for her. Being a conspiracy of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be a more committed spinster than she seems, and she also falls in love, which leads to more complications. <br /> <br /> Emma always insists that she will not. Marry without affection, and when you find a partner, the handsome Mr. Knightley, we feel that this will be an affectionate marriage. However, he does not seem to be very passionate (unlike, say, Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years older than Emma (she is 21, he is 37) and is related to her by marriage, is more like a father figure than a lover. In fact, he is much more a father figure than his real father, an old and selfish hypochondriac who looks more like his grandfather. When Emma is rude to her unbearable and tedious friend, Miss Bates, it is Knightley who reprimands her for her lack of manners. (His last name should probably indicate his gentlemanly nature.) Knights of the nineteenth century liked to think that they were the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate chivalry codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their roles very well, but this is not really one of the great characters on the screen. <br /> <br /> Of the other characters, I liked the vulgar Mrs. Elton by Juliet Stephenson and the Harriet by Toni Collette. I know that in the novel Harriet was a naive young teenager, whereas here she is more like the character that Collette played in "Muriel's Wedding": a slightly overweight 20-year-old gauche who worries about her chances of finding a man. However, I felt that this characterization worked well in the context of the film and did not affect Austen's themes. <br /> <br /> "Emma" is one of Austen's happiest works, without the darker nuances of "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice", and this is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of manor houses, elegant costumes and good manners. Apart from the ruffian gypsies, who make a very brief appearance, the only "poor" people we see are Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and, as they live in the kind of picturesque thatched cottage that today would change hands for the other. £ 500,000, we can be sure that their poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma's world, poverty is defined as not having your own stately home. Of course, this is not a complete picture of early nineteenth-century life, but no one has declared Austen as the equivalent of the Regency of a realistic kitchen sink. The sophisticated romantic comedy, combined with a good eye to analyze human character, was more in line. <br /> <br /> I would not rate this movie as well as the 1994 "Sense and Sensibility" or the recent "Pride and Prejudice", which tends to crawl a bit in the middle, although it has a strong beginning and end strong, but it is, in general, an adaptation of Austen very nice. 7/10
