Romance is in the air and love flourishes in the Victorian era of England, in this happy story against a society in a time when manners were still fashionable, ladies were charming and elegant, and knights spoiled. 'Emma', based on the Jane Austen novel and written for the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, stars the charming Gwyneth Paltrow in the lead role. A self-appointed housebroker, Emma delights a lot with the romantic notion of playing Cupid and trying to match those who feel they adapt to each other. After a successful pairing that ended in marriage, she then sets her sights on finding a partner for her friend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the result of her initial attempt proves to be less than satisfactory. Meanwhile, their efforts are tempered by the handsome Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose knowledge of matters of the heart often seems to be a bit more cunning than Emma's, and lends the necessary balance to the procedures . And Emma, ​​so preoccupied with what is right for others, neglects the heart that is really the most important of all: hers. The world turns and love abounds, but Emma is about to lose the ship. Luckily for her, however, it is just someone waiting for her on the wings. Now, if you can, but stop long enough to notice. But as everyone who has known true love knows, matters of the heart can go right or wrong in an instant, depending on the least; and although romance is at Emma's hand, you must first recognize it and seize the moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath has created and delivered a charming and well-being movie that is like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent World. There may be an air of frivolity about it, but in retrospect, this story is about something that is perhaps the most important thing that exists, in all honesty, for almost everyone: love. And with McGrath's impeccable sense of rhythm and time, everything unfolds here in a totally entertaining and enjoyable way. It is a pleasant film that affects, with a wonderful cast, that transports the viewer successfully to another time and another place. It is light, but absorbent; and scenic scenarios and procedures offer a sense of well-being and calmness that allows you to immerse yourself in it and simply go with the flow. <br /> <br /> The attractive Paltrow, who won the best actress Oscar for 'Shakespeare In Love' two years after doing this, seems comfortable and at home in this genre. She embodies all things British, and she does it so naturally and easily that it's the kind of performance that is easily taken for granted or overlooked altogether. She is simply so good at what she does and makes it look so easy. She has a charismatic presence on the screen and an endearing way, which is reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. However, Paltrow is unique. As an actress, she has a wide range and style and has shown, with films like 'Hard Eight', 'Hush' and 'A Perfect Murder', that can interpret any part effectively and with that personality. Touch that makes any paper she makes her own. But it's with characters like Emma that really shine. She is so expressive and open, and her personality is so attractive, that she is a person with whom it is easy to relate and simply a joy to see her, regardless of the part she is interpreting. And for Emma, ​​she is absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam also performs extremely well in the role of Knightley, and like Paltrow, seems appropriate for the genre: in the right role, that is; his performance in the most recent 'The Golden Bowl', in which he played an Italian Prince, was less than satisfactory. Here, however, he is perfect; He is handsome and he behaves in such a way that makes Knightley credible and very real. Like Mr. Darcy of Colin Firth in the miniseries "Pride and Prejudice," Northam has created a memorable character with his own Mr. Knightley. <br /> <br /> They are also excellent in supporting roles and are worthy of mention Toni Collette, such as Emma's friend, Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, like the Reverend Elton. Respectively, Collette and Cumming create characters that are very real people, and as such they become a vital asset for the overall success of this film. And it shows how valuable support players are in the world of cinema, and for films of any genre. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Phyllida Law (Mrs. Bates) , Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). An edifying and elegant film, 'Emma' is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of kindness and grace in a world too often plagued with unpleasant things. And even if it is only through the magic of the silver screen, it is good to be able to escape to a world like this, if only for a couple of hours, as it satisfies the need to renew faith in the human spirit. And that is the magic of cinema. I qualify this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
