Having seen CUBE, I have been a fan of the work of Vincenzo Natali. Natali seems to have this inept ability to interpret a story, and hardly twists it like a damp towel for all the history she can muster. Instead, let the stories unfold in a natural way, both in fact, that you can actually believe that there is this Cube where people try to escape, or in the case of NADA, a large empty area where there is ... nothing! The ad had me hooked instantly. It seemed so simple! Take two characters that nobody likes and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natali does this so simply that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing can not exist. In fact, the world of nothing becomes an irony within the film. There is nothing there, but there is also something there. <br /> <br /> It may be a good time to point out that the trailer is highly deceptive. I was lucky to understand that the film leaned towards a more comical side than the trailer said otherwise. Therefore, when watching the movie, I laughed from time to time, while someone who the ad tricked can be completely confused. <br /> <br /> If I take a minute to give a compliment to the movie, where the film stands out is the concept. It is a genius concept to have a world of nothing, and to put two characters there, NOT two intelligent characters, who philosophize and work in their environment, but two idiots who have absolutely no idea where the hell they are. Another strong point is the cinematography of the film, although at first this may not seem like it. Where each wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is only a white plane, the perception of depth becomes defective. It is difficult to determine where things are placed in the Mis-En-Scene. The cinematography has many moments in which this really happens, but for the most part, the camera is placed so that two characters, or an object and a character are placed in the foreground and in the background, which allows to realize a sensation of depth. <Br /> <br /> However, this movie lacks certain areas. The film is relatively short, but even so, after a while, the novelty of this world from nothing becomes quite boring, and you want to find some form of resolution within the plot. We can also argue that the performance is once again, questionable. These two characters are, in a certain sense, unpleasant, therefore, we do not feel sympathy at any time for these characters. However, on the other hand, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seem to be real enough, but something is missing. <br /> <br /> Even so, I classify it as a very nice movie! Do not let the trailer fool you into thinking that this is another science fiction horror movie. It is much more a comedy than that! However, it's worth seeing, just for the concept itself!
