Modified a bit, 'Nothing' could be a movie for children. It is a very intelligent concept, it addresses some interesting metaphysical issues and goes against almost all the Hollywood conventions you can imagine ... what goes against everything more than literally "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who want the world to leave when everything goes wrong in their lives. All that remains is what you do not hate, and a large empty white space. It is difficult to focus a story on only two actors for the majority of his film, especially without cuts in what happens outside the plot. It focuses on almost one subject, but that is the first territory of Vincenzo Natali. If you've seen 'Cube', you know that he likes that kind of situation. The "nothing" in this movie is apparently an infinite space, but Natali somehow manages to make it a little claustrophobic, if only because there is literally nothing else, or where to go. The actors sell it, although it can be said that these guys are friends anyway. Two 'Cube' actors come back here (Worth and Kazan), but they are completely different characters. They change throughout history, and although they are not the strongest actors in the world, at least they are credible. <br /> <br /> The reason why I say that this could be a movie for children with the right settings, is because apart from a few f-bombs and a bloody dream sequence something unnecessary, the capricious feeling and often Silly of this movie could be easily digested by children. So it seems to me a strange choice that the writers decided to add some rude language and a small amount of gore, especially considering that there is not much of that. This could have obtained a PG rating easily if they had removed some things and changed a small dialogue. There are very few objections about this film, but enough to prevent parents from wanting their children to see it. I only say that it is a shame because not because I admit censorship, but because it may have been the only thing that prevented this film from having a wider exposure. <br /> <br /> In any case, this is a pretty entertaining movie, although with some scenes dragged. But for being literally nothing, and completely focused on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
