Director Vincenzo Natali first demonstrated his fondness for science fiction films based on characters with his short film "Elevated" from 1997, in which 3 people remain trapped in an elevator while hidden monsters roam the building. His follow-up project "Cube", launched later that year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people and instead of an elevator was a vast expansion of interlocking cubic deadly traps. Both were admirable attempts to take the science fiction genre one step further, by deliberately refusing to show almost any visual stimulation, choosing instead to devote as much time as possible to the focus of the human element, how the characters act, react and interact in a way incomprehensible. and dangerous conditions. After her exploration in the mainstream with "Cypher" of 2002, Natali has returned to her strange movie character trend to bring us "Nothing", her latest, and much more optimistic and comic takes part of the wide-ranging film world of "What If?" <br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are lifelong friends, reunited by a mutual detachment from society and the lack of someone else to be with. Dave, who has always been hampered by a selfish and somewhat silly nature, lives without paying rent with Andrew in his poorly located and poorly built house, where he often takes advantage of Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality. Despite all this, the two misfits are happy together, until one day their deep defects of character, coupled with a bit of astronomical bad luck, leads to half a serious problem worthy of a jail sentence. In addition to this, they discover that their house has been considered inadequate for their existence and is scheduled to be demolished before sunset, so, faced with the hazy and nightmarish panic of everything that goes wrong for them, they want everyone just disappear. And he does it <br /> <br /> Going further with the synopsis could jeopardize much of the slow (sometimes too slow) revelation of the film about what happened to Dave and Andrew, and how they deal with their new reality. Natali's fascination with studying human behavior under duress (wing The Birds) is here by far, but simply by making the main characters friends rather than strangers, you can break the element of terror and suspense from this premise to open it to a more comfortable and optimistic level. It is almost as if he had become the opposite aphorist of "Cube." <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. According to fundamental realism, the dynamics of our two anti-heroes often become antagonistic, sometimes with rather unpleasant results. Like the game "Desert Island", the film analyzes how even the best friends, when left alone together, can fall apart, but at the same time it shows that friends are vital to the quality of life. In a very twisted, science fiction, this is a movie to feel good, with a good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are some problems with "Nothing". While the two main actors, Hewlett and Miller, perform well with their parts, their characters are not as interesting as they should have been, considering that it is up to them to entertain us for almost an hour. There is a certain development in the relationship and the personalities of Dave and Andrew, some background is given, but ultimately it is not enough. A generous viewer will sit through the less attractive parts of the film to see it through to the end, but the cynics will probably surrender fairly quickly. <br /> <br /> Act, as mentioned, is appropriate, and considering the amount of 'green screen' work that would have been necessary, reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, who wrote the screenplay co-script, have been friends with Vincenzo Natali for a long time: Hewlett, in fact, appears in all the films that Natali has made. Maybe it was his creative contribution that directed this film in a more positive direction. However, the story could have been much more encompassing. Of course, it is relatively entertaining if you consider that (without pun) nothing really happens, but you have the impression that, in more experienced hands, you could have done much more with this premise. <br /> <br /> In To be fair, "Nothing" is an impressive job in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the script works on a human level and, above all, it shows a progression in Natali's creative mentality. For fans of their work, this will be a delight, and for others it will be a good way to spend some unwanted time. It is a pity that the director's fixation on human drama prevented it from being the great funny movie that could have been.
