Nothing is fantastic! Simple as that! It's a movie that should not work, but it does work. Natali stays in the realm of science fiction, however, this movie is also a comedy. Cypher, it seemed like it was a big budget affair for Natali (at $ 7.5million! Woo-hoo Pa!) So with Nothing, it goes down again. It is a low budget, an independent film at its best. Simply, good and old storytelling and an attempt to make a film for artistic merit according to the usual reasons of Hollywood, mainly for financial gain. Nothing is a movie about Nothing and before you ask, no, it's nothing like Seinfeld! Basically, Andrew and Dave are a pair of losers. They live in a strange looking house under two highways. Andrew is a telemarketing travel agent who is agoraphobic, while Dave is Andrew's best friend, who stays with him for free rent to help him. However, Dave is tired of that and has a beautiful girlfriend with whom he wants to move. However, for extravagant fortunes, Dave discovers that his girlfriend embezzled a large amount of money from Daves in the workplace that incriminated him, and Andrew is wrongly accused of sexually assaulting a girl scout (people of Canadian humor!). It turns out that Andrew's house must also be demolished and he can not prevent this from happening, since the house was built on land where it should not have been built. Both Andrew and Dave are inside the house when the police and the demolition team come to call. They are desperate and can not escape, and in the midst of panic and confusion, just when the police break into everything, it turns white. What has happened? Have Dave and Andrew died? They wake up to find themselves still in the house alone that is quiet. There's no police, no demolition team, no angry mother scout! What happens is that Dave and Andy discover that they have the ability to "wish or hate". It turns out they hated the outside world. They are left alone. The house is surrounded by nothing, which is described as pure white. So, what this means is that the configuration of the films is a set of the house and then simply white. The film is an interesting vision about human isolation and the psyche and, of course, as they spend more time alone, without food or water, they begin to tire of each other. They discover that they can hate hunger, which is useful, but obviously things get out of control, we would say. I can not reveal much, but I must say that the heads that bounce are a sight to behold. <br /> <br /> This movie is peculiar, fun and interesting. The effects are simple but effective and Natali brings together two Cube friends, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to direct the film. They have chemistry and they also work very well. They have to hold 90% of the film for themselves and much of it on a pure white background, however, it works. Certainly, I hope this receives the same diabolical treatment as Cypher and should appear on DVD in a year or two in the states. Nothing is a film of superior quality and unique, and although it is not as good as Cube or Cypher, once again shows that Natali is one of the best and greatest. <br /> <br /> Natali is someone who has really interested me in her three. features so far and I can not wait for your next feature. Damned to God who does not make the proposed Necropolis, written and directed by the patient with ADD, the always evil Paul Anderson. Vincenzo old friend if Paul comes to his platform, RUN! RUN LIKE THE WIND !! I hope and imprisoned this boy who does not take Hollywood as Alex Proyas did (with helium light, nice but with kitten legs, covered with sugar: I Robot!). Keep your eyes wide open for this guy. ****
