When it came out, this was cutting edge musical entertainment. To this day he is more entertaining than most, largely because he has James Cagney in the lead role as producer of musical prologues in a succession of deadlines and protected from all storms by his faithful "girl's Friday" performed by Joan Blondell. In addition, the musical numbers towards the end that were gathered by Busby Berkeley are almost a knockout in terms of that kind of thing. <br /> <br /> But this is a pretty strange movie. I mean, in one of those numbers, you have Billy Barty running around pretending to be an adorable kid, doing all sorts of weird things. Ruby Keeler seems to have a disgusting smile on her face at all times, but at least she is not required to act as in some of her most unfortunate films. You would never guess that Dick Powell was a difficult guy to see in this movie; Apparently all the energy of the hard guy was assigned to the star Cagney. As for Cagney, his high-speed speeches about musical shows, etc., are encouraging and annoying at the same time. After a while it gets a bit too much. You wait for her to go and say, "Hey, I have a great idea for a prologue! Women are cigarettes and they come out of a pack of cigarettes! Oh, no, we did that last month!" It's funny but it gets a bit repetitive. In the moments when you have to get tough with the bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, something of the established gangster character of Cagney comes out. In fact, gang leader B, William Keighley, is credited here as a dialogue coach, and it seems that sometimes Cagney and Blondell invoke something very "street" although the characters are not criminals. <br /> <br /> The musical numbers ... you can say They are alone as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses the human body and the geometry is really amazing. But none of them really means anything. It means "Honeymoon Hotel", nothing more or less. And the whole pretense of integration disintegrates immediately, since the characters of the show are doing things that the audience of the theater could not appreciate like the movie. For example, at a certain moment, they show the fine print in a newspaper, things like that. All this could only exist in the film, so the idea that the prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous. I can only assume that the audiences of the time were somewhat less critical about this kind of thing than it would be ten years later, more or less, because this is a very refined production. <br /> <br /> It's great to see Cagney himself show off his excellent dance skills, and he can really share the stage with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes come out very well. The music that I would say is only mediocre, but above all nice if it is repetitive. The direction of Bacon in general is very adequate but never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is unquestionable and has also acquired some nostalgic value along the way. It is a cut above most of the films "let's put on a show" of the 30s.
