A very early film produced by Oliver Stone (associate), and one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the only real independent film studio in the world, Troma, creator of the Toxic Avenger and, in the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Film Festival, award-winning filmmaker for more than 30 years). Having raised the money for this film on his own, Lloyd wrote this script together with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and, in retrospect, regretted having heard advice for Gershuni to direct the film instead of doing it himself. But at that time I still had no experience in the business and it is likely that due to decisions like these I do not take any more nonsense from anyone. In fact, it would have been interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own script: as one of the most original, daring, experimental and non-compromising directors in the world, he probably would have given him even more advantage than he already has. But as it is, we have the film directed by Gershuni. And the weather is due to the good script, or the fact that he is also a good director, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent film, with a lot of suspense and well elaborated that deserves much more attention than it receives. The small budget that the small studio had (this was even before Kaufman and his friend and partner for more than 30 years, Michael Herz, formed Troma) had to work is handled so well that the movie seems much more expensive, in fact It does not have A look of "low budget" at all. The story revolves around the lesbian Camilla Stone (played by the enigmatic Mary Woronow) and her lover who ends up dead due to circumstances that I will not reveal in order not to spoil a charming story. This leads to a succession of twists of the plot, mental games and personality reform that is slightly inspired by Hitchcock's vertigo and at least as inventive. However, the atmosphere is much gloomier, and some comparisons with the PERFORMANCE of Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell come to mind. In this mix there is a very original and inventive erotic loaded thriller that does not make it very clear how everything will end, which, together with a secondary plot woven splendidly with a nod to previous Kaufman and unfortunately is not available. FUSS, makes it an exciting hour and a half. Undoubtedly one of the best films in the library of Troma, and once again one of those films that challenge the curious fantasy that your catalog is in bad taste. The DVD includes some recent interviews that Kaufman performs with Woronov and the other main lady, Lynn Lowry (later seen in THE CRAZIES, by George Romero), which gives an interesting idea of ​​what happened during the creation of this cult favorite and some indications of what happened. It would be different if Lloyd had directed it himself. Highly recommended
