A lair of opium, a dirty little boy (actually a dwarf), prostitutes in abundance, violent failures in a dive, a motel for sexual scams, barely dressed babies with a lot of neckline, a boozer falling down the stairs, a mestizo clientele. a bar with Asians, Africans and Anglo-Saxons treated equally, does this sound like a movie at the local mall? Incorrect. These are all scenes from a 1933 musical. <br /> <br /> The first half of "Footlight Parade" is the preparation for a musical show that occupies the last half of the film. Chester Kent (Cagney) is about to lose his job and loses his playgirl wife as a result of the images that speak and squeeze live musicals. His producers take him to see a popular speech of the day, John Wayne in "The Big Trail". Before each demonstration of the film, a dance number is presented as a prologue. Shorts, news, series and cartoons would serve later for this purpose. Kent has the idea that a chain of prologues would be the path to salvation for the decline of the live music business. Kent is basically a man of ideas like the choreographer Busby Berkeley. Could it be that the character of Cagney is modeled after Berkeley? Could be. <br /> <br /> In preparation for the forewords, Kent learns that his ideas are being stolen by a rival. He discovers the traitor, dismisses him, and then, unknowingly, a new escape is planted in the form of a dazzling temptress. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell, soon to be Mrs. Dick Powell) has the affections of Kent and is determined to expose the temptations of the temptress. A new singer from Arkansas College appears in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell) who turns out to be a real find and is paired with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The three resulting prologue musicals, which could not possibly have been presented in any of the day's movie sets, are as fresh and enjoyable today as they were more than seventy years ago, "Honeymoon Hotel", "By a Waterfall" and "Shanghai Lil. "<br /> <br /> A special note is the song and dance of tough guy James Cagney. Like Fred Astaire and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Cagney's dancing seemed natural and unprejudiced, although they spent hours in practice to get each step to perfection. Not as good a singer as Astaire, the singing of Cagney, like that of Astaire, sounded natural, unlike the songs so popular at that time. It is surprising that a person can be as talented and as versatile as James Cagney. <br /> <br /> Most critics prefer the "Shanghai Lil" segment instead of the other two. However, the kaleidoscopic choreography of "Por una cascada" is amazing. The way Berkeley was able to film the ballets underwater and create the chain of human snakes must have been difficult because it has never been repeated. Close-ups mixed brilliantly with distant angles are a must. The sharp black and white photography is much more artistic than it would have been if it had shot in color. <br /> <br /> Although not as socially conscious as "Gold Diggers of 1933", "Footlight Parade" stands alone as one of the most incredible and outrageous musicals ever seen on the big screen.
