Beginning, here is a synopsis: the queen of porn Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her pornographer lover Max (George Shannon) in a Russian sex roulette game. Alta's other lover, the chilly lesbian casting agent Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), provides an alibi for Max. But Camila has an agenda of her own, and a plan that involves the seduction of innocent actress Julie (Lynn again) into a network of sexual mind games. When the identities of the resemblances are sufficiently blurred, the stage is set for a revenge as passionate as the most heated carnal encounter. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is quite dark and never received much attention, I think it is a sexy and suspenseful Gem. The cult goddess Woronov has one of the best roles of her life, and she and the sexy-innocent Lowry play well with each other. The disturbing music provided by Gershon Kingsley, plus two original songs ("All-American Boy", "You Say You've Never Let Me Down") and "Sally, Go 'Round the Roses" by Jaynetts make up a memorable soundtrack. The direction of Theodore Gershuny is sharp, with everything that has been photographed in muted earth tones that perfectly suggest an unpleasant business that bubbles under the top of society. With tons of excellent New York atmosphere, Ondine (friend of Woronov and his partner Warholite) providing a great performance in a small role, and the exotic Monique Van Vooren as Max's ex-wife in a comic sub-plot. This secondary plot, although fun, seems to belong to another movie completely. However, I'm not complaining, since the film is smooth even when it changes gear and is much more interesting than the rubbish of the erotic thriller that is currently being produced. <br /> <br /> Trivia: Sugar Cookies was originally qualified as X (soft-core) and released by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of an original one-page poster. IM so lucky! In 1977, the film was cut by an R and reedited by Troma Team, which now offers it without video cuts. Mary Woronov was Theodore Gershuny's wife at the time and reportedly felt uncomfortable performing the simulated lesbian sex scenes with him behind the camera. She can also be seen in two of her previous productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
