My former Cambridge contemporary, Simon Heffer, today a writer and journalist, has presented the theory that, just as British filmmakers in the 1980s often criticized what they called "Thatcher's Britain," Ealing's comedies were conceived as satires in "The Great Britain of Attlee," the Great Britain that emerged after the Labor victory in the 1945 general election. This theory was probably not intended to apply to, say, "Kind Hearts and Coronets" (that is, in any case, a satire of the Edwardian upper classes) or "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", both of which may contain some satire but are not of a political nature. However, it can be applied to most of the other films in the series, especially "Passport to Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least was in the forties, a predominantly working-class district of London, located on the north bank of the Thames, one mile from Victoria Station. It is not entirely correct to say, as has often been said, that the film is about Pimlico "declaring itself independent" of Great Britain. What happens is that an old letter comes to light and shows that in the fifteenth century the area was ceded by King Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that, technically, Pimlico is an independent state and has been for almost five hundred years, regardless of the wishes of its inhabitants. The government promises to approve a special Act of Parliament to rectify the anomaly, but until the Act receives the Royal Consent, the area remains outside the United Kingdom and British laws do not apply. <br /> <br /> Because Pimlico is not subject According to British law, the owner of the local pub is free to open the hours he chooses and local merchants can sell whatever they want to whoever they want, without the restrictions of the laws of rationing. When other merchants begin to move to the area to sell their products on the streets, the British authorities are horrified by what they consider a legalized black marketing and seal the area to try to force the "Burgundians", as the people of Pimlico renaming themselves, to surrender. <br /> <br /> Many of Ealing's comedies have as their central theme the idea that the little man take charge of the system, either as an individual, as in "The man in the white suit". or "The Lavender Hill Mob", or as part of a larger community, as in "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The central theme of "Passport" is that of ordinary men and women who assume the bureaucracy and regulations imposed by the government, which seem to be an increasingly important feature of life in Britain in the 1940s. The particular objective of the film is the rationing system. During the war, the system had been accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the fight against Nazism, but it became increasingly polemic politically when the government tried to keep it in peacetime. It was a major factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee administration, which had been elected with a large majority in 1945, and organizations such as the British Housewives' League were created to campaign for the abolition of rationing. I can not agree with the critic who stated that the main objectives of the satire of the film were the "spivs" (black merchants), who play a relatively minor role in the action, or the League of Housewives, who do not appear at all. The satire is very much aimed at bureaucrats, who are portrayed as having a "rules for the good of the rules" mentality or a desire to pass the ball and avoid having to take any action. <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the film were made today it would have a different ending with Pimlico being independent as a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (In fact, I suspect that today this concept would probably serve as the basis of a television comedy instead of a movie). In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers were very interested in the patriotism of British stress and identity, so the film ends with Pimlico reabsorbed in Britain. One of the best known lines of the film is "We were always English and we will always be English, and just because we are in English, we are defending our right to be Burgundians". There is a marked contrast between the ruthless attitude of officialdom with the common sense, tolerance and good humor of Pimlico's Cockneys, all of which present themselves as essentially British characteristics. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during a summer drought and a suffocating heat wave, but in the last scene, after Pimlico has rejoined the UK, the temperature drops and begins to rain with rain. Global warming may have somewhat altered things, but for many years part of being British was the ability to maintain belief, regardless of statistics that could say otherwise, that Britain had an abnormally humid climate. The ability to make jokes about that climate was equally important. <br /> <br /> Stanley Holloway is a good performer as Arthur Pemberton, the local shopkeeper and petty politician who becomes the Prime Minister of free Pimlico, and a funny cameo from Margaret Rutherford as a history teacher. However, in general, this is appropriate enough for a film about a small community that meets, an example of acting together without real star performances, but with everyone making a contribution to an excellent movie. He lacks the ill will and rancor of many more recent satirical films, but his wit and satire are no less effective for all that. It remains one of the funniest satires of the bureaucracy ever made and, with the possible exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets" is my favorite among the comedies of Ealing. 10/10
