Get this movie if possible. You will find a very good interpretation of Barbara Bach, a beautiful photograph of an old manor house (and incredibly clean) but spooky, and an unexpected virtuoso performance ??? "The never seen". I picked up a used copy of this film because I was interested in seeing more of Bach, whom I had just seen in "The Spy Who Loved Me." I love classically beautiful actresses and I appreciate them even more if they can act a bit. So: we start with a good fresh premise. The television reporter Bach leaves her boyfriend and goes to cover a festival in a city in California, Solvang, which celebrates her Swedish ancestry by organizing a huge popular festival. She brings with her a waitress, who happens to be his sister, and another associate. (The late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, and if she knows who the celebrities that each of these ladies are married to, it's too much fun to see Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) go down the street having a sister fight.)) Anyway? The dissatisfied boyfriend of Bach follows her to Solvang, since he has not finished arguing with her. There is still a lot of feeling between them, but she does not want to see him cry more about his football career. The ladies arrive at Solvang to do the job of their position, only to discover that their reservations were handed over to someone else. (Maybe Bach's boyfriend, because think about it, where are you going to stay?). The girls ask around but there is nowhere to go. Trying wrongly to enter an old hotel that now only serves as a museum, they attract the interest of the owner Keller (the late Sidney Lassick), who decides to be a gentleman and lodges them in his house, insisting that his wife will be happy to receive them. Oh no! The next thing we know is that Keller is making a soft phone call to his wife, warning her that the company will come and threatening that it is better for her to move on. Trouble in paradise! The ladies are eager to settle in and return to Solvang to record images and interview the Swedes, but one of the girls does not feel well. Bach and Lamm leave her behind, wondering about Mrs. Keller (played by the beautiful Lelia Goldoni) who seems to have just lost her best friend. Speaking of which ?? Under the weather, Vicki takes off her clothes and gets into a nice hot tub, not realizing that Keller has slipped into her room to inspect the keyhole. She hears it, believes that she has come to deliver the clothes and tells him that she thanks him. Lassick did a great job in this scene, expressing the anguish of a fat old man who looked out and could not look enough. After she left, poor Vicki lies down on the bed to take a nap, but she rips it off very fast (in a really decent and terrifying round of action) for something BIG that has apparently slipped through a grid in soil. The never seen! Lamm comes home later (Bach is ending an argument with her boyfriend) and can not find anyone in the house. She hits a plate of fruit in the kitchen and, on her hands and knees to pick it up, her hair and her elegant scarf swing tantalizingly on the black grid of the floor. Attracting the hidden again! Well, almost while poor Lamm is preparing her stillness in the kitchen, we flashback Mr. Keller's past and get the full story of his sadistic and ill background, and why his wife does not smile much. Bach finally comes home and wants to know where his friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick has been informed of the afternoon massacre by his weeping wife and decides he can not let Bach leave the premises to reveal the secret of his home. He tempts her to go down to the basement where the last act of the Keller family tragedy finally opens up to everyone. <br /> <br /> I can not say enough for Stephen Furst, whom I had never seen before; It is obvious that he did his homework for this role, studying the methods of communication and expression of the damaged brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in their diverse form, only give the cinema shine. Not only that, but the film ends with a satisfactory resolution. There are no cheap and stupid tricks, dialogues that roll through the eye or pathetically cut corners ... A real pleasure for your collection.
