It is true that "The Unseen" by Danny Steinmann is a simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable plot, with no particular attempts at twists or surprises at all and with literally all the clichés that the genre has presented over the decades, but that does not necessarily make it a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this dark, but nevertheless intense and striking feature, which benefits mainly from a handful of brutal images and an absolutely brilliant cast. The beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a small town in California to shoot a documentary at the anniversary festival, but her hotel forgot to register her reservation. In their search for a place to stay, the trio meets the overly friendly but suspicious curator of the museum, Ernest Keller, who invites the girls to stay in their remote rural mansion. One by one, the girls experience that Keller and her sister Victoria, extremely introverted and submissive, hide a dark and murderous secret inside their house. "The hidden" can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately perverse amalgam of the horror classics "Psycho" and "The Texas Massacre." The plot is a series of familiar themes that became notorious and infinitely imitated due to these two films, such as twisted family secrets in the basement, voyeurism, crazed maddened murderers and a very unpleasant treatment for chickens. Still, I do not consider these to be negative comments, since "The Unseen" is a completely modest and disturbing thriller that clearly never pretended to be the best horror classic of the decade. Although the outcome of the plot is quite clear enough quickly, the director Steinmann tries to maintain the mystery by keeping the evil present in the house "invisible" as the promised title. Casting choices and performances are really what elevates this sleeper above the mediocre level. Sydney Lassick, immortalized from her role as the overly anxious psychiatric patient Charley Cheswick in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", is really the ideal choice for the role of Ernest Keller. His persistent friendship and almost naturally perverted appearance are exactly what the character needed. Also Stephen Furst, who eventually becomes invisible to the seen, gives a tremendous performance as "Junior." He looks and acts like a real disabled man and his attempts to get close to Jennifer in the basement are really disconcerting. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable but, nevertheless, powerful film at the beginning of the 80s that will undoubtedly attract fans of the exploitation of the 70s and generally strange things.
