Dolph Lundgren is back! The arrest marks the first Dolphs movie in almost 2 years, and that is following the hidden agenda delayed. This film still marks an improvement for Dolph in his trilogy of Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. However, this movie is well below the Hidden Agenda standard, which was better in almost every respect. What this film has going for it in Dolph's previous presentation is a sense of cheesy fun. The movie also has a rejuvenated Dolph in a high-action role, and it's good to see Dolph doing his own stunts again. <br /> <br /> The history of the films is ridiculous and the main material of B-movie. A former soldier is now a teacher and on his last day of teaching, while attending a Detention class, he meets some bad guys from Slovakia who have taken over the school to use them as cover for a big drug deal. The movie has no originality, but in a movie of this kind you need to have a sense of fun with all the clichés. If you take it very seriously, the public will find little to enjoy. Fortunately, the filmmakers do not take things too seriously and, along with all the action clichés that can be imagined and predictability, this movie is so bad that it's a nice vibe. <br /> <br /> Where is the movie? down you are losing the use of a pretty decent budget. The budget of around 10 million has not been well spent. Everything is on the screen with a lot of carnage and big explosions, but many of the shootings lack imagination. The opening action is fine, but after that the good times become more dispersed. There are some good moments. For example, you have a car that runs through the corridors of the school and a decent shooting at the beginning, with a lot of destruction. The rest of the shootings are quite mechanical, but there is a lot on the screen. <br /> <br /> As for the cast. Hidden agenda had the best deal with which Dolph has worked in years. There was a good level of actors for a DTV movie. This however has problems. The actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are terrible, but the bad boy leader has a kind of nice cheese because Alex Karsis plays it in an exaggerated way and without the slightest hint of any threat that you can laugh at pure evil. The teenagers in the room are really good but they are playing such cliché characters. Everyone hates authority, the others and all have bad attitudes and, of course, in the end they learn important life lessons, but in general they are decent and, in particular, Chris Collins has a sympathy. This movie is all about Dolph though. While this movie does not approach its best level, it does not come close to its worst moment. It also marks a turning point in his career. Now he is back in good shape, and will be in better shape in his next film Direct Action. Dolph is excited here, he does all his own stunts and it's good to see him play the typical action man (fleeing slow-motion explosions, a shirt and handling large weapons) again in a movie like his elders, although with less style and imagination that cliché movies like Army Of One. It's good to see Dolph looking energized. His films of the last 8 or more years have seen Dolph looking a little more tired, and using doubles a lot (although he still does all the fights himself), but the new optimized Dolph seems to be ready for it. <br /> <br /> In general, this is visible if only for the value of the cheese and Dolph in the main action mode. There is not a single surprise, but it has a ridiculously inept charm. **
