There has been a political documentary, of recent vintage, called Why We Fight, which tries to examine the infamous Military Industrial Complex and its control over this nation. It is considered both controversial and incisive to defend both that complex and the war fiasco in which we are currently involved in Iraq. However, a series of much more famous films, with the same name, was made during the Second World War, by the Hollywood director Frank Capra. Despite being considered documentaries, and having won the Oscars in that category, this series of seven films is really simple, more like Triumph Of The Will by Leni Reifenstal, scenes in which Capra recycles for its own purposes. That said, that fact does not mean that it does not have vital information missing from later generations of World War II documentaries (such as the BBC's The World At War), nor does it mean that its value as the main source is less. valuable. They were done with skill, and after recently buying some used DVDs at a discount store, I found myself with the opportunity to select a free DVD with my purchase. I chose the collection of four Goodtimes DVD DVDs from the series. <br /> <br /> It's rarely worth having something for free. While there are no extras on the DVDs, and the sound quality of the prints, these films provide insight into the minds of Americans two-thirds of a century ago, when racism was manifest (as in many of Warner's classics). Brothers caricatures of the time), and there was nothing wrong with the flagrant distortion of the facts. The seven films, produced between 1942 and 1945, are Prelude To War, The Nazis Strike, Divide And Conquer, The Battle Of Britain, The Battle Of Russia, The Battle of China, and War Comes To America. <br /> <br In general, it is worth watching the series of films, not only for the obvious reasons, but for the subtle things that it reveals, such as the use of the plural for terms such as X million when referring to dollars, in place of the modern singular. or the most used graphic in the whole series: a Japanese sword that pierces the center of Manchuria. However, it also shows the complexity of trying to apply past standards to current wars. The lesson of World War I (avoiding foreign entanglements) was not applicable to World War II, whose own lesson (acting early against dictatorships) has not been applicable in the three major wars in which the United States has fought: Korea , Vietnam and Iraq. The fact that much of this series is shaken by the uncertainties of the times in which it was made, only highlights its historical value in the current times of information jams. It may not help you to distinguish the truth from the lies and propaganda of today, but at least you will realize that you are not the first to be in such a tenuous position, nor will you be the last.
