In my opinion, this is a great entertaining action movie, with great characters, lots of action and an incredible performance by Dolph Lundgren. However, Alex Karzis is as bad as the villain. The story is very good, and I found that the kids were nice for the most part, plus Dolph Lundgren is just amazing in this. The action scenes are excellent, and it's almost like Die Hard, except it's set in a school! In addition, Kata Dobó is very threatening and sexy as the partner. The ending is very exciting, and it also has a couple of great emotional moments! However, I just wished he had another villain, because Alex Karzis did not make him too wicked, and I laughed for my tastes. This should be higher than 4.1 in my opinion, since I thought it was a great action movie, and although the children were sometimes very stupid, they became quite resourceful as the movie progressed! In addition, the shootings were also great. ! The ending is very funny, and the character of Corey Sevier was my favorite student, and Dolph still has it. In my opinion, this is a great entertaining action movie, with great characters, lots of action and an incredible performance by Lundgren. But Alex Karzis is horrible as the villain, I still recommend it! The address is very good! Sidney J. Furie does a very good job here with great camera work, good angles and keeping the film at a very fast pace. There is a bit of blood and violence. We received many extremely bloody bullet wounds, knives on the side of the head, bleeding arrow blows, impalement and other minor things. The acting is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is amazing as always, and he is amazing here, he is extremely nice, he kicks that ass as always, he had great chemistry with children, he had an incredible character, he is very charismatic and he may not have shown great emotional anger. It was still fun to watch! He is one of my favorite actors! (Rules of Lundgren !!!!!). Alex Karzis is a frightful god like the villain, he's ridiculously OTT, he was boring, and he was not threatening at all, he also bothered me a lot. Kata Dobó is very sexy as the side kick and she did well with what she had to do, she was the real villain in my opinion. Corey Sevier is fun like Mick, he was my favorite student, and I really started to warm up with him in the second half, I liked him a lot! I also had good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alice), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) do a great job as students. Jennifer Baxter is very cute and is good as The Bride. The rest of the cast does it well. In general, I recommend this one! *** 1/2 out of 5
