Jeopardy is a tense and satisfying thriller, a cut above a B, but it's not really an important production. It qualifies as almost an experimental film, since the studio that produced it, Metro, was desperately looking for new types of films, stars and directors to compete with the then new medium of television. The director, John Sturges, was a promising whose best years lie ahead. He had recently started directing A-level films, and had already proven himself to be the most capable craftsman. The stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker were in very different phases of their careers. Stanwyck's glory years were behind her and yet she could still bring a movie, as she demonstrates here. Barry Sullivan, like her husband, was one of a dozen leading men who started in films in the 1940s and never achieved the success that many had expected of him. He was a good actor of low profile, balanced, but in a high middle class instead of upper class, which made him excellent in professional roles. Like the escaped convict who is the only person who can save Sullivan's life (he's trapped under a pier and the tide is rising), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This excellent actor had the misfortune of having come to the movies after Brando and Clift. In his way, he was as good an actor as any of them, but he lacked charisma. Her negotiation with Stanwyck, which is reduced to her demanding sex in exchange for saving her husband (only by implication, since it is 1953), creates an intriguing premise that, if this had been a different type of film, could be considered all kinds of things. Of interesting questions about Stanwyck's character. Meeker is in fact a more exciting character than Sullivan; and in his scenes with him, Stanwyck is more animated than she with her husband and son. But since this is a picture of a formula, not a work by Strindberg, the possibility that Stanwyck wants to have an affair, leaving aside the question of her husband's problem, remains unexplored. In this sense, the incoming tide does not have the effect that one might have wanted, although the film is still tense and very entertaining thanks to the excellent performance, the excellent location photography, almost everything outdoors and the excellent address of the unfortunately underestimated Mr. Sturges
