I do not agree with one of the critics who compared this film with American International Pictures. Basil Deardon has directed a brutally realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in post-war England (but without the sentimentality of "Blackboard Jungle"). The cinematography was excellent, since it really captured the fear and isolation of the immense urbanization. The farm looked like an old prison. Stanley Baker was excellent as the hardened detective, reassigned to the youth division: "Urgent, urgent - Larceny - five ice lollies!" Find that he is the target of many jokes. David McCallum proved that he was one of the most important young talents in Britain in the 1950s. (He had a very different role in another Stanley Baker movie "Hell Drivers"). His portrayal of Johnny and the fanatical fans he inspired were very frightening. Ann Heywood was also very good as the cynical Cathie. I would not say there was a romantic secondary argument in him. <br /> <br /> Detective Jack Truman is investigating a series of incendiary attacks by someone called "Firefly". Just when he finds evidence that could lead to a breakthrough, he is assigned to the Youth Division; He is quite upset by what he considers to be no proper police work. In the midst of all the screams he receives for the first time, the 6-year-old Murphy twins are working on a scam at local lolls stores. and her bitter sister Cathie. He begins to appreciate how life in terrible houses can turn young children into criminals. As she becomes more involved with the family, she realizes that there is a strong bond between the fires, Johnny and a scared young Chinese man who works for a laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in an unusual role, far from the horrors of Hammer) explains that when Johnny was younger, he rescued some people from a burning building and was hailed as a hero. He wanted to regain the sense of importance and be useful, and felt he could light a fire. The school site was filmed in a very real way and the viewer felt the fear of the children: the teacher (thinking only of her own safety) runs out and locks them in the room with the scared gunslinger! <br /> <br /> I thought it was a really excellent movie that was trying to show some of the social problems that Britain experienced after the war. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
