Like many pilots in the series, the Dark Angel opener shows a mixture of great potential and a slight problem to find his own feet. Not that this is unusual in any way, but there is a feeling that it could have worked better if the story had hardened and centered a little more. In today's world, where something has to realize instantly or face cancellation, the series is distorted a little by not being focused at least half-heartedly, with all the weapons on. <br /> <br /> The ninety-minute pilot really feels like two episodes pasted together, and both episodes have a problem with the focus. In the first half, they introduce Max to us and we inform him what drives him. We also get some interesting routines when Max uses his skills to win bets, interacts with a PI or solves the domestic problems of his co-workers. The problem here is that this is nothing out of the ordinary for any human being with a normal set of genes, on television or otherwise. <br /> <br /> It's when we get to the second half that we get a story with a purpose and focus. Throughout the two halves, Max finds the focus of attention of a pirate journalist who feels it is a mission in life to save the world by exposing a dirty merchant at the same time. In the second half, the repercussions reach it, and Max reluctantly cleans up the resulting mess. This sets the premise for the rest of the series, and it works, but it does not click very long if you understand my meaning. It's like most of the pieces are there, but a couple that makes a complete picture has been left out. Maybe they are filled with later episodes, but that is irrelevant. The fact is that the content of this episode could have been easily explained with twenty-eight minutes less. <br /> <br /> The last of the negative aspects is that much of the support cast is totally unthreatening. Original Cindy in particular is a nuisance, and I doubt it has changed during the next twenty episodes. While the performance is not as bad as daytime soap, it is not of such quality that I would recommend it. Jessica Alba is not the worst actress in the world, but falls short in terms of being convincing when the story less needs it. <br /> <br /> The good news is that the premise and production values ​​are all top-notch. In fact, this series was considered quite expensive to produce, and it is quite unfortunate that it was canceled to be replaced by another program that did not last the whole season. Especially when there was enough time for both programs, they could simply have canceled one of the pieces of dishonest trash they threw under the TV reality banner. The fact is that we need more programs like Dark Angel, where imagination is used instead of overwriting, to get attention. <br /> <br /> In total, I gave the Dark Angel pilot a seven out of ten. It never rises above the level of disposable television, and never had the opportunity to live up to the potential it shows within its own time of execution. But the potential is there, and that is often all that matters as far as the pilots are concerned.
