This is a great little movie, it is very unique and creative, with some plot twists and wonderful performances. All the characters are great, and the story, although strange, is fascinating and very interesting, in addition, Nicole Kidman is simply amazing in this! It is very difficult to describe this film, because it is really quite strange, it is a comedy / romance, a minute and then it becomes a thriller the next, however, it was still very entertaining, besides the Russian accent of Nicole was fantastic, and extremely convincing Chaplin and Kidman had very good chemistry together, and I loved the performance of Vincent Cassel! Also, some of the twists of the plot really surprised me! The ending was very nice, and it is unpredictable everywhere! In addition, this movie is also quite underestimated! You will feel sorry for Chaplin and the way he has been cheated, and I thought that all the characters were very nice, and that the ending is especially good. However, this is Nicole's movie, and she takes it with her incredibly sexy performance! This is a great little movie, very unique and creative, with some plot twists and wonderful performances! I recommend it a lot! The address is very good! Jez Butterworth does a very good job here, with great camera work, solid angles and keeping the film at a fast pace. The acting is wonderful! Nicole Kidman, she is incredibly beautiful, and she is amazing as always, she is incredibly sexy, very nice, she had one of the most great accents, she added a lot of presence, she had very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin and she had a very mysterious character! , she was amazing. (Kidman Rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin is great here, he's extremely nice, he had a great character, he had great chemistry with Kidman, the only thing I did not like was that he got his anger out with Kidman, even though what he did was wrong, and I loved how he avenged at the end! Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes, it was OTT, but sometimes it was very intense and quite spooky, this role was perfect for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is fine here, but he did not have much to do. The rest of the cast is fine. In general, I recommend this one! *** 1/2 out of 5
