I would highly recommend this movie! And I will certainly recommend it personally to my friends and family here and abroad! It was with excited anticipation, that I just pre-ordered it online, I enjoyed it so much! It will not be available until February / March 2008, but it will be worth the wait! But first go see it in the cinema if you can. There's nothing like the cinematic experience of a film made in cinema! Insist that your local cinema wear it! I went to see 'Seachd, the Inaccessible Pinnacle' tonight, here in London, and I was really impressed. It's a wonder: a truly beautiful film set in the Scottish Highlands: you'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll be moved in many ways, you'll be intrigued and, as the story of the stories unfolds, you'll be surprised by that revelation. <br /> <br /> This film is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but do not let that diminish your value if you are not a Gaelic speaker: I'm just starting and my son is not. Not many people were there tonight, and they did not spoil us by any means! Superlatives are not enough! The photography is magnificent. There is no CGI here, and the movie is better for that. Here you have a true photograph! The script is written so skilfully and subtly. The many-layered weave weaves the magical art of the ancient narrators. Music is sometimes exciting, sometimes disturbing, but it always contributes to the atmospheric environment. And the performance? ... is to contemplate ... and the actors? ... they are the true weavers of this charming but profound film, particularly the two main actors, 'Padruig-the-young' and 'Padruig-the-elder' (A true bard, if ever there was!), Both carried a very heavy burden! And the direction? Well, be careful, Richard! And the Producer, responsible for raising funds, hiring key personnel and organizing distributors? A task well done! I hope you make sure the distribution goes out to our communities abroad! And the Gaelic community? Uill, without you I could not have passed! We were told that this movie was made on a low budget, but you would not know it, and I think it could well be because, for what they may have lacked money, they more than compensated with the wealth of the heart. , and the warmth and cooperation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> A sincere thanks to all those interested in the elaboration and sponsorship of 'Seachd' - Mòran taing! (Thank you very much!) From the Gaels to the World! From the world to the gaels!
