An incredible documentary captured all the frenzy of chaos and misery that loomed in New York that fateful morning of September 11. Intense, personal and completely fascinating, 9/11 is perhaps the best documentary made by accident, which gives it an even greater appeal. Until that morning, filmmakers Gideon and Jules Naudet had been following a New York firefighting team, focusing specifically on a new recruit on a piece they were filming to deal with rigorous training to become a firefighter. Out with the team that morning filming another simple cleaning routine, Jules raises his camera to the sky just in time to record one of the only known images of the first plane that hit the World Trade Center, and from there it was not a simple documentary. plus. <br /> <br /> Spectators are given a first-hand account of what it was like to be in and around Ground Zero, while the amazing group of firefighters and a deeply embarrassed cameraman try to get around this mess. Without hesitation, Naudet follows these heroes automatically programmed to the tower, while all the support crumbles around him. The raw fear of an unknown and imminent destiny hides with greater viability, so that any fictitious production could come to understand as we see each time less audible and visible to those trapped inside. Almost as memorable is the frank capture of an entire city, the eldest brother Gideon, in the crowd of a greater and more palpable fear than anything they have witnessed collectively. When we get to see the collapse of the second tower, while the cameraman is hiding from the apocalyptic debris, we should rinse the dirt from the amazingly filmed scene. <br /> <br /> Obviously, the filmmakers deserve as much credit as being in the right place at the right time to document such an extraordinary event, although one can only admire the two brothers in their extraordinary adaptation to such an event; in a few minutes, we witness them as the firemen they document; instead of saving lives, they knew they had to keep images, even if it cost them their own security. <br /> <br /> After seeing 9/11, and seeing that it came out in 2002, I feel much more resentment towards the recent delivery of Oliver Stone, the great budgeted World Trade Center. Many criticized the film for ignoring the approach of the two survivors trapped in the rubble, and although I enjoyed the film very well for the small and sentimental approach of Hollywood that brought, the September 11 makes his film completely obsolete. Not only this exciting footage will remain the only definitive compilation of that day, but the sublime transfer of motifs halfway guarantees that this documentary has all the heart and character necessary to not re-sensationalize the event.
