To summarize this documentary in a few words is almost impossible. Every fiber in your body tells you that this is not happening from the initial assembly of the fast-fire images until the last take of the cleanup at Ground Zero, but each frame is real. The story was thought by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Nau-day") want to make a documentary about the firefighters of New York City, starting with a "rookie" from the academy and following it during the nine-day trial period. months until its full force. firefighter. Seeking the help of his close friend, actor James Hanlon (36), actor and fireman in Station 1, Motor 7, the Naudets filter through the "Probies" in the academy and find one, Tony Benetakos, to focus most of his documentary. in. <br /> <br /> Tony becomes the target of jokes and slowly learns the ins and outs of station life through the members of this united family. Firefighters have a superstition about "Probies." Is that they are "White Clouds" or "Black Clouds", which means that with these last ones, all kinds of fires follow the "Probie". The first means that there is still very little fire activity, but one day, there will be the mother of all fires. Tony is a "White Cloud". After some initial growing pains, Tony moves into the fire station as if he were an experienced veteran. Then the unthinkable happens ... <br /> <br /> September 11, 2001 begins with a clear blue sky and a call early in the morning to see an alleged gas leak not far from Wall Street. Because Jules has had little experience with the camera, Gideon passes a camera to his younger brother and tells him to go with the boss, T. K. Pfeiffer. Arriving at approximately 8:42, firefighters begin using their gas detectors on a grid. Then, the sudden roar of what appears to be a plane flying low crosses the scene, and when Jules advances, we see the first blow of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 crashes into the North Tower of 1 World Trade. Pfeiffer orders his men to enter the fire truck and go to the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks him to accompany the Chief to the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to stay close to him. Once inside, the full impact of the growing disaster begins to show on the faces of men whose sole purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fire station and walk towards the impact area. Once there, it captures the impact of the second plane, flight 175 of United Airlines, with 2 World Trade. He knows that Jules is with Chief Pfeiffer inside the towers. Watching and capturing the crowd's reaction to the unimaginable, Gideon begins to capture on a tape the growing fear in Lower Manhattan. Inside tower one, Jules records the last view the world, or the loved ones will have of their children, parents, uncles, grandparents, spouses, boyfriends, friends, one by one, each firefighter, who carries 60 pounds of equipment the hard and arduous climb Up to 80 floors to rescue the wounded and trapped. Jules also glimpses for the last time Chief Pfeiffer of his brother, Kevin, as he leaves to fulfill his selfless duty. Also seen in the video is the heartrending sound of fallen bodies hitting the pavement of victims who choose to jump from the higher floors above the impact zones, before facing death at the hands of the flames and smoke. But Jules is respectful, not once captures a sensationalist moment ... the money shot. His work is professional through his baptism of fire. You can also see the debris falling from tower two after being hit by the second plane and the orderly manner in which firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then, Jules is caught in the collapse of the south tower and takes the first official victim: Father Michael Judd, the chaplain of the fire department. Then, when Jules and Chief Pfeiffer break through from the collapse of Tower Two, Tower One begins its structural collapse. <br /> <br /> What results is a touching and moving view from Ground Zero, as Jules and Gideon work separately to document that day. Not knowing if anyone is alive, each fearing the worst. When each firefighter arrives at the fire station, they greet each other with joyful hugs for having returned. And in a moment of overwhelming emotion, Jules and Gideon meet. While Jules cries on his brother's shoulder, Gideon hugs his younger brother while Hanlon makes the filmmakers the subject. There is a terrible moment when it is believed that Tony Benetakos, who left the station with a former boss, was lost ... but returns to the fold, this "Probie" has been proven. <br /> <br /> Shown With only three interruptions, 9/11 is an impressive achievement in the making of documentaries. It is located up there with the Hindenburg images that show the story as it unfolds. The Naudets should be congratulated for their skillful handling of the subject. In lesser hands, the tendency would be towards the sensational, but the naudets moderate their eyes toward dignity and compassion. Narrated by Hanlon, we get the feeling of his words as he leads the audience through the events of September 11. Robert De Niro presents the program in a somber and moderate way. He never looks for the camera for his own glory, but sets the scenes he is about to see. I also congratulate CBS for their bravery in transmitting this special. Punished for their attempt to obtain qualifications, they moderate their editing towards the emotions of the relatives of those who perished. This is a must for anyone who needs to be reminded of what true heroism is. It's not about bargaining a basketball or selling an album of hate lyrics ... September 11 is about humanity at its best. Heroism at its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
