My roommate had bought this documentary and invited me to see him with her. She is from China and only heard a lot about 9/11 and she wanted to know the truth, and she wanted me to tell her more after the documentary. I felt very bad watching this documentary, it was like reliving the nightmare and it still makes me cry. <br /> <br /> But I am very grateful to have seen this documentary, because on September 11, I am sure we all remember where we were and what we were doing when we listened, all of us could only think of certain questions: " Why? "," How? "," What's going on? "," Oh, my God! ". Almost all Americans were grateful for the brave firemen and policemen who risked their lives to save others. But I do not think we thought about what was really happening. Actually, it was not supposed to be a documentary about September 11, the cameraman was filming a typical day at work and, by chance, they were a couple of blocks from the World Trade Centers and got everything, outside and inside, tape. <br /> <br /> On September 11, I thought: "Okay, the cops and the firemen will take out the people who survived." To be honest, I thought it was an accident, I was in my first year of high school and I changed my gym and I prepared to go to my science class. Someone entered the locker room and shouted: "A building has just been bombed in New York!" We all dressed quickly and ran to our classrooms while watching the first tower burning on television. Not only 15 seconds later, live on television, the second plane crashed into the other World Trade Center and we knew that this was not an accident. A few minutes later, we learned about the Pentagon and that there was a plane headed for Chicago but it was shot down. So many thoughts went through our heads and I kept thinking "What are firefighters and police going to do?" But I thought they would know what to do for them. <br /> <br /> The first tower collapsed, we knew, many lives were already gone, the second tower crashed, things would never be the same. Those firefighters in this documentary showed courage, confusion and strength, the true human emotions in the rough. They did not know what to do, they were as marked as the other people who were in the towers. They heard the bodies collapsing on the floor of people jumping through the windows. And here I was in a classroom crying to see everything that was happening on television. I was surprised by this movie and just wanted to go to New York and tell them how grateful the Americans were for their help. I know they feel they were just doing their job, but they did more, they were heroes. Every day after September 11 for 3 weeks they kept digging knowing that there were no survivors, but they were still waiting and praying. May God bless your kind and courageous hearts. <br /> <br /> As for my roommate, she cried and admitted that it was the first time she cried in these attacks. She could see the truth of what had happened that tragic day. She asked "Why?" I did not know what to say, it breaks my heart that people can be so evil. "It sounds clique," but it was a normal day for everyone, "said one of the firefighters in the documentary. Nobody expected this to happen. Not so, the people in the World Trade Centers or the Pentagon or the planes that were kidnapped, they were just doing their job, they were there, or they were even there for a second. Not only were they killed, they were murdered, and those kidnappers did it with a song in their heart. Then, seeing in the Middle East all the people who celebrate, why do people do this? They celebrated the death and loss of: mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, etc. Why? <br /> <br /> Then, thanks to those people for making this documentary. You really think about the firemen, the police and the troops in Iraq and you hope that there are good people in this world. Thanks to all those people, you are our heroes. <br /> <br /> 10/10
