Super polished entertainment with a stellar cast, an excellent script and firm control over the early 1950s. At that time, RKO was producing classic noirs by the dozens. But whatever the value of those dismal gloom, they reflected a mood of war soon to make way for the sunnier climates of the Eisenhower era. Few films of the late 40's are further away from that black cycle or more in tune with the consumer's next decade than this cheeky little comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as a publicist on Madison Ave. in the words of his daughter: he sells things to people who do not need them, at prices they can not pay. He is making good money, but like thousands of people, he is tired of living in a small urban "cave". Then, with wife Myrnah Loy, they attack the house of their dreams in the nature of Connecticutt. Needless to say, in the arms of nature, they get more than they expected and in a fun way. <br /> <br /> There is hardly a deadline in the whole script. I do not know if the writers Panama and Frank got an Oscar, but they should have done it. Of course, the humor revolves around all the problems that arise when the people of the city build a large house on rural land. The hassle accrues almost as fast as the mortgage, with all the eccentric types running the construction program and giving Grant a difficult time. Of course, no one takes the trouble or frustration with more humor than Grant, so it's just one well-placed laugh after another, particularly when the closed closet seems to have a hellish mind of its own. However, strangely enough, the film does not seem to have a comic high point. Instead, the laughter is so separated that it does not reach its peak at any particular point. That is a true cinematographic triumph for any era. <br /> <br /> 60 years later, we can see how skilfully the script ideas are seen instead of the ones behind. With their resident maid, the Blandings may not be a typical American family, but that post-war migration from narrow cities to spacious suburbs was typical. And what a more suggestive work for consumerism that comes Blandings as a "publicist" in charge of finding more attractive ways to sell more "ham". More than anything, however, there is the sunny optimism of the film. Oh, of course, the feeling sometimes fades, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon if the Blandings adhere to their dream takes them out. In fact, life was going to get better for a lot of people during the next wave, so I hope the movie resonates deeply in the day's audiences. It is that subtext that is easily overlooked, along with the great entertainment value, which makes this film a key comedy statement of the postwar period. <br /> <br /> Then, if you have not seen it, take it. next time.
