Coinciding with the start of the baby boom, the years after World War II saw an unprecedented exodus of Americans who moved from their city's apartments to the suburbs where they can fulfill their dreams of owning their own homes. Directed by H.C. Potter and co-written by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this 1948 comedy, lightly but surprisingly surprising, captures the feeling of that period very well. Of course, it helps to have a trio of phony experts? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and Melvyn Douglas especially acerbic? Lead the process with your natural sympathy at odds with the growing frustrations of home ownership. Although the film is already sixty years old, Blandings' dream and the barriers they face to achieve it have a timeless quality. Obviously, Hollywood thinks so, since it has been redone at least twice: first as a very physical Tom Hanks comedy, "The Money Pit" in 1986, and again last year with "Are we finished?" From Ice Cube. A look at the HGTV programming program will show you how the situations explored here still resonate today. <br /> <br /> The plot begins with the advertising man Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two daughters in a two-bedroom bathroom and a Manhattan Apartment. Instead of following Muriel's idea of ​​renovating the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a picture of a Connecticut house in a magazine and realizes that it's where they need to move. With the help of an opportunistic real estate agent and against the advice of his lawyer and friend of the Bill Cole family, the Blandings decide to buy a dilapidated house that needs repairs. However, the foundations sink so much that the house needs to be demolished in favor of a new one. This turns on the Blandings to push the architect to design such an excessive house that the second floor is twice as big as the first. The costs increase with each new complication, the outbursts of temperament and even imagine a romantic triangle between Jim, Muriel and Bill. The priorities are finally resolved, but not before some funny slapstick scenes and an intelligent dialogue that retouches the not so happy happiness of the new owners. <br /> <br /> With his double take and his impeccable delivery of lines, Grant is infallible in this type of farce, and Jim Blandings personifies his more domesticated middle-career characters. In a paper originally intended for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was the perfect wife of Hollywood. She does not get many of the funniest lines, but she combines her special blend of effervescence and flavor to make Muriel an attractive character all by herself. Notice how the house painter deftly maneuvers too pleasantly with her absurdly idiosyncratic palette of colors. Like Bill, a pipe smoker ("Cole? Bill Cole"), Melvyn Douglas shows his natural and simple enthusiasm as Grant's blade. The smaller roles are filled with experts with particularly memorable twists by Harry Shannon as the poor laconic digger Mr. Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as Jim's officious assistant, and Louise Beavers as the adorable Blandings maid, Gussie. The 2004 DVD offers an intriguing vintage material that includes two radio versions of the film: the first version of 1949 that ended up matching Grant and Dunne and then a second version of 1950 that combines Grant with his then wife, the actress Betsy Drake. It also includes a more appropriate 1949 caricature, "The House of Tomorrow," which gives us a comic tour of a futuristic dream house. The original theatrical trailers of ten of Grant's film classics complete the extras.
