Keko Mask of the Japanese Volume Akiyama (1993) is an extremely nice and very fun to watch. There are also some sequels, but I have not seen them since these films are very rare. Some kind of re-launch someday would be good as I think that many garbage lovers would like these movies. The ironic story is about an extremely strict school in which teachers think it is okay to torture students to achieve discipline, which is, according to teachers, the most important thing in education. The school is run by a human wizard / whatever is incredibly fun (just look at the costume!), Which is like the school principal, and only adds to the camp that you never explain why you wear a costume like the rest. The teachers are perfectly dressed normally. Well, the main thing about the film is its name, Keko Mask, who is a beautiful and masked fairy, who always comes to save the girls and students who are abused and tortured by the teachers. Yes, this superheroine is an effective woman, as she kicks and fights against evil teachers with a totally corny soundtrack as background. The most important thing is, of course, that he wears nothing but a cape and a mask with the rest of his naked body! Their identity is never revealed in these films, and also the credits say "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the names of the actors appear on the list. <br /> <br /> The most hilarious thing about this movie is how Keko Mask kills his enemies. She has a beautiful vagina, but lethal! Yes, you read it right. Kill your victims by flying in the air in front of them, spreading their legs and letting the enemies feel enchanted by the sight, after which she flies closer and breaks her neck with her legs! The last most common line the characters say in this movie is: "I've never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die in peace". This movie is totally fantastic! <br /> <br /> There are also some great ridicule towards Japanese society, for example, their attitude towards sex in movies (Japanese censors fog / erase all pubic hair in any movie) and also about some restrictions between school students (like girls and boys are not allowed to speak in this movie, etc.). There is a big scene in which a nerd sees a girl who does not know what for the first time, and says: " Hey, there's no fog in that! " I could not help but laugh during this scene while thinking what the Japanese censors think about this. In addition, a character says in the end that he will return, if Japan Films allows to make the sequel. I am glad that it was allowed as I have heard that the sequels are equally scandalous. A sequel must include Blues Brothers (yes, THOSE Blues Brothers!) In it, etc. <br /> <br /> This is garbage in its funniest, funniest and smartest way, so it's a pity that these movies are so hard to find. This would definitely be an even greater experience, if you moved a little faster at times, as it becomes a bit boring at one point, but fortunately those segments are very few. You have to see this movie to believe it in its entirety, since there are so many garbage elements that I do not mention here and that it would not even be necessary to count them here. If you like junk movies and movies made with your tongue on your cheek, I think you'll love this little gem like me, and the director is definitely a genius in this field! 8/10 Perhaps the only movie in which a bright vagina is that lethal?
