['I borrowed this film despite its extremely low rating, because I wanted to see how the team manages to encourage the presence of multiple worlds. In fact, they did not, at least it seems that way. Some appearances appeared rather awkwardly in the film: that is, this is what most viewers think. However, the surprise comes to an end, and unfortunately, when probably most of the viewers have already stopped this movie. I was also surprised when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this film means &quot;Journey to Death&quot;. This is the spoiler. <br /><br /> The fact that this film is about a girl who is ONLY on this boat (for reasons that are not clear) understands it only in the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English title &quot;Haunted Boat&quot; in your head, you clearly think that the appearances of strange figures are the &quot;ghosts&quot;. But in reality, this film is not like most other horror films told from the perspective of the distant writer-observer, who at almost any moment can differentiate different levels of reality, it is told from the perspective of the young woman. We see it not alone, but together with the four friends because SHE sees them. We do not see that she is alone. So, the parallel worlds are not the apparitions that appear in the sequence of images, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world in which the girl is and the world in which the four friends are. An intrusion of a third world is probably the young man with the medical skills that comes for a short time on the ship. <br /><br /> I can not get rid of the deep conviction that with this film, the filmmakers &quot;deceived&quot; an audience of several thousand people by making them believe that what they have done is more or less a second-year film student made with &quot;chosen&quot; hastily pseudo-actors who have met the night before the start of filming in a landfill after at least twelve beers. How wrong can one be! But in addition to this great surprise that one learns only in the last minutes, the end that follows gives another surprise. The girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and another boat. When he has recovered from his commotion, he revisits the place in the harbor where the boat ascended along with the four friends. And there they are again! They wave at her from the ship that has already taken off. She jumps into the water, arrives at the boat, and they are far away. Miraculously beautiful It reminds me a bit of the end of a poem by a Retorancia writer: When I woke up, I saw Death standing on my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again - he was gone.']
