In the voice over which the film begins, Hughie (Billy Connolly), a roadie of the great band of the 70s, Strange Fruit, said that the reason why lightning hit a rock festival to stop the Strange Fruit set It was that God was fed up with the excess of the 70s. In fact, it has been popular to leave that era of music and see punk as a welcome antidote. While I agree, the excess was exhausting (as well as the misogynistic impulses that emerged), and as a punk, I'm still a fan of what is considered classic rock or glam rock, and this film about the long and strange meeting of Strange Fruit . It is an affectionate tribute to those days. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons why the movie works is the care of the people behind the scenes. Brian Gibson directed WHAT LOVE HAS TO DO WITH IT, about Tina Turner (although I had problems with the dramatic parts of the film, the music was handled very well), the writers Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais co-wrote THE COMMITMENTS and were behind The British music-oriented television program OVER THE RAINBOW, and the songs that Strange Fruit played were co-written by Foreigner's Mick Jones (not to be confused with The Clash's Mick Jones), so it was a gathering of people who knew what What were they talking about. about. In addition, two cast members are musicians in their own right (Bill Nye does not know, although the film credits him with his own singing, and certainly looks like a lead singer of that era, while Jimmy Nail was in another British television show that was oriented to music, although I forget the name, and he was in EVITA), and the others convince him. And while, as I said, many bands from the 70s like Strange Fruit behaved badly with women, the film does not make the same mistake (except for the woman who follows Timothy Spall); As manager of the meeting, Juliet Aubrey is quite good and has a completely rounded character. <br /> <br /> The other actors are also good, with special praise for Stephen Rea, who handles the most dramatic role well without sentimentality. There are a couple of plot points that do not work, but overall this is quite nice. Oh yes, and the music is good too.
