The extravagant, but strictly second level, the British glam rock band Strange Fruit is broken at the end of the wild 70 '. Individual members of the band separate and settle uncomfortably in a mediocre mediocre mediocre in the boring and uneventful 90s: the evil keyboardist Stephen Rea ends up with no money and no luck, vain, neurotic, the pretentious lead singer Bill Nighy tries (and fails) pursuing a solo career, paranoid drummer Timothy Spall resides in the dark on a remote farm to avoid paying a heavy back tax debt, and bassist Jimmy Nail installs ceilings to survive. The former loving groupie became patient, understanding and long-suffering manager Juliet Aubrey returns to join the group for a nostalgic tour, largely ineffective and hilariously disastrous twenty years later, on a nostalgic tour of Europe. Our group, badly pissed, tries hard, but clumsily rekindle a flame that once burned with great force in the past. Billy Connelly, strider and disheveled, and the young and guitarist Hans Matheson, the young and gentle beaver, come together for the deliciously bumpy ride, plagued by problems, but still rewarding and enjoyable. <br /> <br /> Director Brian Gibson shows a tremendously infectious respect and adoration for his kind characters, in particular, noisy, sounding, strangely exaggerated, grooming the rock of the 70s in general, this impregnates this small and affectionate friend with a totally captivating sense of a big heart and a tireless enthusiasm. The clever and well-written script by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais is also full of dry wit and fine moments of joy on the road, capturing a certain bittersweet flavor that affects and often vibrates that gives the image an irresistibly luminescent glow . . The lovely and elegant cinematography of Ashley Rowe ensures that the film always looks visually sumptuous, while perfectly catchy and perfect music does the trick with perfect style and poise. Congratulations also to the excellent performances in all areas that vividly nail the burned and ragged soul, but still fiercely beating the heart of a past in which has been a ragtag rock band desperate to regain their former evanescent glory in a final bet For success in a big way, this radiant and moving gem is considered highly one of the true serious and serious treats of the 90s.
