It can not be denied that Hak Se Wui (Choice in English) is a well-made and well thought-out film. The film uses numerous intelligent identification pieces all the time, playing with modernity and maintaining tradition. a theme that was played throughout the film where John Woo's movies in Hong Kong are action-packed and exaggerated in their explosive content as seen in Hard Boiled (1992) and when Hong Kong movies adapt to the rhythms of telling the story from the 'bad' From a point of view, sometimes they can stutter and simply become something just unmemorable, a good example is City on Fire (1987). <br /> <br /> The choice is a movie that is memorable for the simple fact of its unpredictable scenes. spontaneous action and violence that are carried out in a realistic and tasteful way (if that is the correct word), as well as the small ingenious pieces of cinema. It is difficult to detect during the visualization, but the Choice is actually constructed in a kind of structure of three acts: there is the first point of concern related to the actual election and whoever is voted is voted on. Not everyone likes the decision, but what the uncles say. The second act is the recovery of the old cane of China that the demands of the tradition must be present during the inauguration, with the third final, the consequences of the inauguration and certain characters with their own ideas on how they should and how they can be executed. Triads Excuse is to say that; certain events and turns occur during each of the three thirds, some are small and immaterial, while others are much larger and more spectacular. <br /> <br /> The choice has some flaws and most come in the initial third. Trying to kill time around an election that only takes a few minutes to complete was a difficult task for writers and filmmakers, and it shows in many points. I got the feeling that a certain scene was beginning to go somewhere before the police interrupted and then everyone was arrested. This happens sometimes: a fight breaks out in a restaurant, but the police are there and everyone is arrested; there is a secret meeting about the baton between the Triads, but the police appear and everyone is arrested; some other triads are having a pre-election talk, but the police show up and guess what? You know. <br /> <br /> Once the movie comes out of that routine that I thought it would be, use a sacred staff as a plot device for everyone to move. The baton generates some good fighting scenes, such as chasing a truck after it has been wired, another chase with a motorcycle and a kung fu fight with a load of melee weapons in a street. The scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but as I said, they are in a "tasteful" way. Where the choice really rises is your attention to that fine detail. When the Triads are in jail, the bars are covered with wire, which suggests that they are all animals in cages, as they behave outside when they are in conflict. Another good part of the attention to detail is the way Uncles give tea and not alcohol, rise above other mobsters who use champagne (The Long Good Friday) and also refer to the Chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or commemorate. br /> <br /> The choice is a good movie that is well structured to enjoy it and a movie that has a fantastic staging while watching what is happening. Some of the interior fittings and clothing, as well as the style buckets that are dumped as the search and search for the baton intensifies. The opening is like another short film completely and very well integrated into the film; Alluding to the Chinese tradition in the process. I feel that the best scene is the final scene, since it sums it up perfectly: two dodging characters who fish and debate the failure of the Triads while being realistic, unpredictable and violent: in good taste, of course.
