It may be a bit wrong to open a review when describing a movie in terms of other films, but I think it is the best way to give an approximation of the place that the election occupies in the arena of the gangster genre. It works somewhere between The Godfather and Kinji Fukasaku yakuza opus The Yakuza Papers (AKA Battles Without Honor and Humanity), in the sense that it is simultaneously romantic and realistic, dark and harsh. But it is also a Johnnie To movie, and as such it carries the distinctive touch of the Hong Kong author. <br /> <br /> Every two years, the HK triad chooses a new boss. Only this time one of the candidates is not too happy with the result, so he decides to take the matter into his own hands to the dismay of the rest of the Triads and the police. That's the story in a nutshell, but you can be sure it has a lot more going for it than that. As in The Yakuza Papers, there are a lot of machinations, stabbings and formations and changes of loyalties (sometimes all you need is a phone call, in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen in recent times) That may not be the case. necessarily for a deep drama but for an interesting plot and a good conflict of characters. Fans of the gangster genre will probably appreciate it in that regard. The choice is not as action oriented as one might expect; Although it is violent. And I'm not talking about the bright and glamorous version of Hollywood violence. This is dark and dark. To's camera lingers in the scenes of brutally abused people who reveal the humanity and inhumanity of the perpetrators and victims; After all, violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with To's style, then you should know what to expect. The pace is relatively slow and deliberate. The photography is great, elegant and dark in equal measure, using dark tones (brown, dark green and orange), while the soft tracking shots add a vibrant quality. In the end, the election occupies a peculiar place. It's not exactly a character study and it's not an action-oriented gangster movie. Explore a situation (the choice and its consequences), but do it with style, and it is both realistic and romantic (the Triad ceremonies in particular the echo of an Eastern Sponsor).
