When I think of the most cheesiest type of guilty pleasure movies, the first thing I think about is the 80's movies. Really bad slasher movies. The kind of formula film, where all that was needed was a script was 2 parts of blood and several parts of nudity to do. <br /> <br /> Pass at the end of the '90 / early '00. The slasher movie has been revitalized with the success of "Scream" of 1996. As in the 80s, these films were formulated, masking a lack of inspiration to be labeled as "ironic parodies of the hip" of the original films of Slasher. Of this recent mix of neo-slasher films of "parody of the hip", the only one that is worth seeing is the "cut" direct to the video, of low budget. <br /> <br /> Like most other "new" slasher flicks, "Cut" is based on the production of a flick slasher, in this case a 1985 fictional movie "Hot Blooded", to make your comment about gender. "Hot Blooded" never finished production, due to the murders of someone with the mask of the movie's killer, Scarman, a bald figure with a closed mouth and dark eyes without pupils. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students, whose teacher was involved in the production, decided to go to the vaults, play the original surviving actress and finish the film. But every time the film is shown or a scene is filmed, "Scarman" comes back and someone dies. To quote the slogan, will they finish the movie before it ends? <br /> <br /> This all sounds really bad, and to a certain extent it is (seriously, is there such a thing as a good slasher movie?). There is no character development (it is revealed that the "new" director is the daughter of the original director of "Hot Blooded", whose life was apparently ruined after the production was canceled, this would have been a perfect detail to work on) the plot, however, is never mentioned again) and, as in all of Slasher's other films, there are too many bodies to worry about. The actors are not great, not even in the direct video standards, but most have fun with their characters (and for those who are not, it is the performance of unnoticed characters, since none of their characters in the movie wanted to work ) "Hot Blooded"), particularly who was lucky enough to play Scarman. The climax of "Cut" does not have a great "dunnit" unmasking the killer as in the "Scream" movies. He does not have the trick murders of the "Urban Legend" movies. What it does have is an original and interesting concept that is diluted by an ending "in this way we can write a sequel if it sells well". But that is part of the course. <br /> <br /> According to all viewing standards, this is a horrible movie that should be avoided, but this "quality" is what makes it true to its roots in the genre Slasher, and this is what makes it more pleasant than any of the other neo-slasher movies.
