Twelve years ago, the production stopped in the movie "Hot Blooded", since almost everyone on the set began to die. Now, a couple of film students have decided to finish the film, despite the fact that there is a rumor that the movie is cursed. Well, you are about to discover that some curses are real. <br /> <br /> When Scream was released, all countries seemed to want to capitalize on their success, including Australia. The concept, which today has been made to death (a slasher movie inside a slasher movie) was at that time relatively fresh and original. This film premiered just before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (well, not in the United States but in Australia), so it felt like the first film with this concept. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us had already tired of the concept and, since the movie was not even good, the film failed in a disastrous way. Now, Cut is not the best Slasher movie, and it does not try to be either. He knows it's a scam, and even throws a girl who looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in the lead role. But instead of trying to add some new and original twists to the story, they decided to cheat some 80s slasher movies like "Nightmare on Elm Street" and, surprisingly, this really works. The killer is very creepy and that mask is just murderous! And instead of trying to scare the audience, they have created a very good and spooky atmosphere that keeps us in suspense for most of the movie. There are a couple of holes in the plot in the movie that I could not completely ignore, with the end being the biggest plot hole in the movie. Spoiler forward; I mean, they burned the only copy of the movie, so where the hell did they find the impression they show in the final scene? It does not make sense for me to tell you. End of the spoilers. In short, Cut is a pretty spooky spy movie with a stupid story, but I think this is one of the best Scream scams that ever made it big. I'm surprised that this has never had a sequel, but I guess it just came out too late. <br /> <br /> Australian slasher thriller movie with very few scars. Cut is still a pretty good movie and I'll have to recommend it, although I think the story is pretty silly, since it's completely ridiculous.
