For a slasher movie, this movie is really better than many in the genre. Yes, it is predictable. The madman of the residents continues to kill people, people die, yada yada yada. However, there are some good positives in this movie. I really liked the mask the crazy woman wore. It is definitely creepy to say the least and possibly unique (although I have not seen all the slasher movies ever made), the genesis of the bad is something I have not seen. Before, and because of the way in which it finally finds its end, it is a novel concept that I know of. I also liked very much the weapon of choice used by Mr. sicko, for most of the murders. The murders themselves are not as graphic as most in the genre, but that is a small concern. The film does not take itself seriously, which is something that most slashers suffer. Quite well, while watching the movie, I remembered "Friday the 13th" early, that they took themselves. Seriously. There are some concerns about this movie. In several scenes, the killer suddenly appears as Trong resembles one of our horror icons. With this, I refer to his movements and reactions to being shot, and also to the way he walked. Of greater concern, however, is a scene very near the end, where the mad lord has more than a surprising similarity (actually, a complete scam) of another famous titan of terror. And, in the last scenes, once again, we have our pitfall, which looks exactly like the first horror icon I mentioned. In fact, the last scene is almost a complete scam of another icon in the slasher genre. these scenes were weak and unoriginal (obviously). By the way, the movie is set in Australia, so if you're a jerk for a girl with an Australian accent (like me), you'll be in heaven. of what could please you. Another great thing about this movie: the beautiful Kylie Minogoue (do not worry too much about her) there is a non-Australian accent, courtesy of Molly Ringwald. In general, there are more reasons to see it. I enjoyed it and had a lot of fun. Therefore, I have to give "Cut" 8/10, which may seem too high for some people.
