As with all Angelopoulos films, "The Suspended Step of the Stork" implicitly demands close and intimate participation from the viewer, a fact that has certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. The dialogues are evident, without monologues or exchanges that externalize conflicts, doubts or internal feelings of the characters. The filmmaker prefers to keep viewers away from their own emotional responses, and instead forces them to explore and study the identities of the characters themselves. As a result, the performance is discrete and implicit, as opposed to open and explicit. <br /> <br /> The action scenes are set between long intervals of contemplation, where the spectator is asked to become a participant, to participate as an actor, by probing his own psyche. As in a novel, where the drama is based entirely on the author's writing to provide a template where the imagination of the reader and / or the experience of the past flourish, the drama of Angelopoulos is based on his images: his uses of long shots, long shots, paused rhythm, saving dialogues that have become their trademark, invite the viewer to experience the film from their personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, returning to the non-verbal language of gestures, looks, sounds and music, when he believes that words can only take us so far. <br /> <br /> The music, Angelopoulos collaborator, Eleni Karaindrou, provides more than a discreet background, but it becomes a dramatic element of the story. A large part of the film consists of exterior shots in subtle and subtle colors, etched in a gray winter light. Angelopoulos presents us with "another Greece", a very different one from the Greece of the tourist brochures, with ethereal blue skies and emerald seas, drowned in an eternal sun. Here, the sky is covered and gray, the air is cold and misty, and the sands of the pristine beaches have been replaced by the trampled and dirty snow of the streets of the village. Angelopoulos' genius through the Arvanitis camera is on display throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "The suspended passage of the stork" is, above all, a political declaration aimed at the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the 20th century. He is deeply concerned about the meaning of "frontiers" and those who are victims of confusion among nations. In the "waiting room" in front of the Albanian border, refugees, politicians or others, marginalized by the rest of humanity, wait. They may be trapped in a political frontier, but unfortunately they still carry with them and cling to deeper ancestral borders: those of languages, customs and races. Although the political opinions of Angelopoulos are well known, the film moves away from any political discourse about the causes of the refugees' plight. In the process, Angelopoulos forces us to meditate on the concepts of geographical, cultural, political and personal "borders". <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers himself a historian of twentieth-century Greece, and likes to bring lessons from Hellenic myths to his discussions. In this film, he himself makes some border crossings between Greek and Italian cultures, based on a combination of the Homeric and Dantean tradition of Odysseus' journey. Alexander is a Telemachus, looking for a story about an old Greek / Odysseus politician who disappeared, from whom he would never again be heard. This politician, a brilliant speaker, unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife and his brilliant career, to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest of the low. He became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" presents himself to Alexander as a father figure / Odysseus. As with Homer's Telemachus, Alexander grows as a person during his odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be a mistake to try to see in the film a retelling of Homer's Odyssey in a contemporary context. Angelopoulos is based on the voyages of Odysseus only as structuring and thematic elements for his film. At the end of Angelopoulos, "Odysseus" is more like Dante's Odyssey: he does not go to Ithaca but continues to "carry a suitcase". And Alexander / Telemachus is "suspended" between returning home and his career, or embarking on a trip to "another place". He says so, in a voice-over at the beginning of the film, paraphrasing some lines from Dante's "Hell": "And do not forget that the time has come for a trip ... The wind blows your eyes away." <br /> <br /> Finally, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious theme introduced during the film in the form of yellow-line men, who are improving things for their human peers by reconnecting communications, and also the figure of Christ of the "politician". In the final scene, these men in yellow demonstrate once again the influence of Byzantine iconography on the work of Angelopoulos. Appear as "stylists", religious figures found in the Orthodox tradition, lonely and fervent men who settled on the top of the pillars, in a form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The movie ends without resolution. as for the true identity of the character played by Mastroianni. Angelopoulos gives us no clue, and the wife's statement, "It's not him," is far from convincing and ambiguous enough. The important issue of the film is not whether or not he is the disappeared politician, but that he could be the politician. But the movie still ends on an optimistic note. While cables run from pole to pole only run along the river, and therefore communications across the border are not yet possible, and it remains impenetrable, we observe that this final scene is taken from a vantage point on the other side of the river: the camera has crossed the border and the reverse tracking shot is inviting Alexander and the viewer to continue beyond the limit. In this account, Angelopoulos gives us hope that somehow, some of the borders will eventually collapse.
