One of the most enjoyable aspects of Asian cinema (or, in fact, almost everything that is done outside the United States more sacred than you) are the permutations that arise. In the Japanese manga after the Second World War, for example, you can find an infinite variety of themes, many of them handled in a uniquely imaginative way. The same happens in the creation of genre films, too; although, again, I refer to films made outside the US (where we are too "sophisticated" in our close mindset to appreciate anything that is not of or for the United States). Would an American company, for example, not endorse one, but a series of films with a masked professional fighter (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Naschy) or a real-life martial artist (Bruce Lee) ...? As for television: forget it. While I still love the KUNG FU series that starred the late David Carradine, I always felt that the Americanized version of Asian martial arts was, how to put it kindly, something missing. To this day, there has not been a pay per view channel to feature Asian martial artists playing Asian martial artists in Asia. (There is a lot of soft pornography masquerading as entertainment shows, but the so-called Action Channel, for example, has yet to import or produce a True Martial Arts teleseries.) Before Brother Cadfile was investigating murders on the BBC, it was, of all things, at least one Kung Fu movie that featured a group of martial artists more or less involved in a murder mystery: THE 5 DEADLY VENOMS. In its own right, as fascinating as any other genre-based novel (western, cop show, etc.), this masterpiece of martial arts stands out as a truly superior piece of work. It is now available in Dragon Dynasty and the print is beautiful and the Bey Logan DVD commentary is EXACTLY the kind of intelligent and reflective analysis that these gems really deserve. If you are a fan of martial arts movies, rejoice: one of the best film genres of all time (specifically, the martial arts films of the 70s and early 80s) is having a second life behind (and very appreciated) on DVD
