At the end of the 1940s, the era of the inflated comedy was over, since the films were moving in a different direction, comically and otherwise. With television looming on the horizon, Hollywood will soon be at a very difficult time. One wonders, would the movies have left if the television had not appeared or his arrival on the scene was delayed five or ten years? Mr. Blandings builds his dream house offers a particular way in which comedy could have developed. <br /> <br /> Ad man Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, live in a nice but too narrow apartment in New York City, when one day he comes up with the brilliant idea that it could be Fun to realize your dream of building a house in the suburbs. So he buys a property in Connecticut and has one built to his precise specifications. Well almost. If I had known the problem I was in, I could have changed my mind. On the other hand, I might not have done it. It's up to you. On this fragile premise, you get a wonderful movie, full of conflict between the middle class dream of owning your own home and the often unpleasant reality of acquiring one. Nothing is easy in this life, as Mr. Blandings learns; But you do not have to be miserable just because things do not always go your way. There is, after all, the long term. But, Blandings asks himself every few minutes, how long does it last? <br /> <br /> This movie is a delight. I guess it's not a masterpiece in the Capra-McCarey tradition, but it's a worthy successor to his 1930s photos, and it may well have been a harbinger of what would come if the arrival of television had not changed the picture culturally so radically. . There is real warmth in the image, and a lot of realistic Fieldsian (Sicilians) appearing periodically, but not so much to leave a bad taste. The people in the film are very smart and wealthy, but decidedly of the professional upper middle class, not of the rich and inactive upper class. <br /> <br /> The main players Cary Grant and Myrna Loy play perfectly Mr. and Mrs. Blandings. ; while Melvyn Douglas is fine as his pragmatic friend lawyer, who often has to talk about unpleasant issues, such as how the real world works. There is also a wonderful sense of what for lack of a better term could be called the romance of the suburbs, which was in its infancy in the immediate postwar years, when you see the forests and streams that attract people to the country in the country. first place. These people are definitely fish out of the water in the then mostly rural Connecticut. In a few years, things would change, as the crazy race to the suburbs would be in full swing, destroying forever the pastoral innocence that so many had longed for in the small cities, which would soon be connected by roads, full of bottles and cans. Its effluence rivals anything you can find in the city.
