A dying Kung Fu teacher sends his last student to track down what happened to the five previous students who were members of the forbidden Poison Clan. He must see if they are acting for good and, if not, he is to stop them. the teacher also wants the student to find another clan member who fled with the clan money that the teacher wants to use forever. Previous students were taught in a different style snake, centipede, scorpion, lizard, toad, while the last student learned a little in each style. All the students end up in a city looking for the old man with all the money, and soon everyone will fight to get the money. <br /> <br /> The classic martial arts film has a title that even many non-fans know. I've talked to a couple of casual fans and this seems to be the only movie that stays in the head. It's a very good movie, although I'm not quite sure why this movie stays with people when, for my money, there are other films that are better in Shaw's studio (for example, a Swordmen or Brave Archer army). This is not to sell the short film, it is not, since the film is structured as a mystery, our hero has no idea who is anyone and the Poisons themselves only know, at best, who the others are two. They gave us the identity of four, but we still have to find out who is really the fifth one. The film is also strange because for a martial arts film, apart from a sequence of training at the beginning and the murder of the old man and his family for the money, there really is no action for about 40 or 45 minutes. It's a bold move to do it, but it's worth it since the plot and the performances draw your attention. (The movie is also strange, since it is the first martial arts movie that I think I've seen where there are no women.) I do not think one has a role as a speaker and I'm pretty sure none of them appear in the background. Nothing, it's something that caught my attention.) This is a good little solid movie that may not live up to the reputation it has in some circles, but it's still a really good movie to snuggle up on your couch. <br /> <br /> About 7 out of 10.
