Despite all the fuss, respect and recognition that this film receives from Kung Fu historians, it still lacks a lot of evidence in a couple of critical areas: action and fight scenes. But I must say that the plot is probably the best and most original I've seen in a martial arts movie. Five deadly Poisons without a doubt is a must, not only that, a movie that can be seen again and again; But I must also say that after seeing it, you feel that it could have been even better. Somehow it leaves you wanting something, you want more. The producer Chang Cheh shapes the plot beautifully for a possible masterpiece, but does not continue to give us more of the action we want. The fight styles in the film really capture the viewer (Centipede, Snake, Scorpion, Lizard, Toad) and they are shown, but the battles are remarkably short. The styles of Toad and Snake are particularly intriguing and should have been exhibited much, much more, in fact, the Toad is killed by half the movie. Interestingly, with this film, the absence of constant action or struggle leads to the development of a great plot, this is one of the few kung fu movies in which you are really interested in the story and you care about the result. This movie has a dark and vicious tone, and you are attracted to the vibrations. Sinister weapons and torture tactics are used throughout the film and add to the cinematic feel. To start the film and introduce the Poison Clan producer, Chang Cheh takes us to a dirty dungeon. The final fight scenes are certainly good, but they seem subdued and somehow you expected more. Still, this movie is one of the best of Shaw Brothers and it's quite nice. My general impression of the film would conclude with this: the styles used by the fighters are simply shown to us and are not shown in detail, the sad thing is that the director had the goods of something extraordinary at his fingertips and did not expand it. . I wonder what could have been with this movie, although it is still one of the best. 8 out of 10 on the scale.
