Of all the kung fu movies made throughout the 70s and 80s, this is one that has developed a true cult. With the exception of all the films that Bruce Lee starred in, this is a film that has withstood the test of time and is due to the unique story. An elderly kung fu teacher tells his last pupil Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five students he has trained in the past. The five wore masks and nobody has seen each other and everyone has been trained differently. His specialty in kung fu is the name they have adopted as Lizard, Serpent, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. The master called them Poison Clan and he does not know what has happened to them, so he wants Tieh to find them and help those who are doing good to stop the others who are evil. An old man who was once a member of the Clan of Poison has a map where he has hidden a lot of money and seems to be a target. Tieh does not know what they look like, so he must mix in society and try to discover who they are. Tieh discovered that the snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and together with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu), which is the centipede, they kill a family to find the map. A mysterious man finds a map that turns out to be the Scorpion, but he knows that you know who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murders along with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend named Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is the Toad and they know the identity of each one. The Serpent bribes local officials to accuse Li Ho of the murders and, while in prison, is tortured and killed. When Sin finds out, he joins Tieh and together they go to fight Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This movie was directed by Cheh Chang and he was a very special director when it came to these films. Chang was not his kung fu director and his films always had a special quality for them. While most martial arts films deal with revenge, Chang did not use that as a central theme. Even though they are coming later in this story, this movie is more complex than that. Five men trained by the same teacher in different ways and wearing masks. Then they are all in the same area and not knowing who the other is. A very unique story makes this film different from all the others and most of Chang's stories were only in one class. I would not put it exactly in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a world icon and the martial arts he displayed had a more authentic look. This film still has some impossible feats, like clinging to the sides of the walls and all the thrown by the air, but this film is not necessarily about fighting scenes. It's more about the intrigue of the story and the characters involved. That just makes this different from all the other kung fu movies. Very well done with a unique story.
