This is definitely one of the best kung fu movies, and it can be one of the best movies in history ... It has a great plot that works like a puzzle, with much intrigue and suspense. This movie is full of games and deceptions of cats and mice, with people hiding their identities and their nature. The characters in this movie live and breathe much more than the average characters in kung fu movies. All are interesting and attractive, and the film does a good job of giving them scenes to show their personality and desires. <br /> <br /> The fight scenes unfold like little stories and many of them are very original and exciting. It has great training sequences and martial arts skills that are so impressive that they enter the world of fantasy. There are 5 members of the poison clan, each with its own style that mimics the special ability of a poisonous animal. It is fun to look at the styles of each of these characters and you can see the techniques they use in the training applied during the film ... When this happens, the director quickly cuts the training scene to draw a parallel. These cuts are accompanied by music changes and sound effects and everything works really well. <br /> <br /> One thing about this movie that is very original is the way it deals with death. Director Chang Cheh was obviously very concerned that the film would not trivialize death. This makes some of the scenes in the film much more effective. We really care when people die in this movie. This is because the camera persists in the horror of death even when they kill the bad guys. Some of the sequences in this movie are really heartbreaking. When the characters seek revenge, you really feel their anger and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time, this is also a funny movie. It has all the typical things that are expected from a traditional kung fu movie. There is a bad dubbing, the characters are willing to fight in the blink of an eye. Some of the sound effects are fun and, at times, the behavior of the characters is incredibly unrealistic ... all this adds to the greatness of the film. <br /> <br /> And let's not forget that this director was a visual character. A much more gifted stylist than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this film up close, you will notice that the technical prowess on display is virtuous. Everything happens so fast (due to the fast cutting style and fast movements of the genre's camera) that it is easy to overlook how beautiful the film is. The lighting and the composition are spectacular at times. The work and movement of the camera are extremely sophisticated, along with a very interesting fast-paced edition ... In the scenes that represent suspense and intrigue, for example, imagine Hitchcock moving at about twice the speed. Chang Cheh was truly a master craftsman and artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material while working within its limits. The pot of the kung fu movie does not rattle, but in a subtle way, its skills permeate every scene and every shot, and contribute enormously to the quality of the work. He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people. <br /> <br /> This is the real package. A kung fu movie that offers on all levels. It's art, it's trash, it moves emotionally, and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but it does not allow morality to impede good action. I recommend it to everyone if you are a fan of this genre or not.
