When it first came out, this work by the Meysels brothers was widely criticized and even judged as exploitation. Luckily, now it is hailed as a masterpiece of documentary film, especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation in what is the reality of television and the bad evolution of most direct cinema. <br /> <br /> Really, at the beginning, it must be said that this is not really direct cinema, it is more cinema verité. The difference between the two is very slight, but mainly it is the fact that in this documentary, they make us feel the presence of the Meysels brothers and they interact with the filmed characters. This also makes it clear that it is not exploitation. The Meysels have been allowed in the house, and are included in what is a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric family. And both Edith and Edie love the idea of ​​being filmed. <br /> <br /> It would have been very disappointing if only a voice of God's narration and superficial interviews had been shown. Here, we are given a complete picture of the madness of the house, a madness that seems to go well with Edie and her mother Edith. Your house is a mess, garbage and animals everywhere, colors and furniture faded throughout the house and constant struggles that are constant interactions of reality. These two people have lived together all their lives and they are not fighting in front of the camera because they want attention, but because they can not help speaking in this way. They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings, there is no need. However, in the end, even when they blame each other for their lives, they really love each other deeply. Edie says she does not want her mother to die, because she loves her very much, and Edith says she does not want Edie to leave her because she does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the film is that, regardless of their advanced age, the two women can not be girls. You can not stop being one the singer, the other the dancer. Exhibit all your artistic skills in front of your camera. When Edie rhetorically asks David Meysels "Where have you been all my life?" She is really very happy that she can finally show the whole world herself and her wonderful showgirls skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and a charm that is very unlikely to be seen again, in the same way that only the Meysels and some others could do it.
