"Cypher" is an ingeniously conceived story about industrial espionage set in the United States in the not too distant future. Although thematically it is not complex, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, cruelty and corporate conspiracy. To a certain extent, this film also attempts to represent modern corporate groups and companies as indifferent to the risks their hired employees assume on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a somewhat mediocre salary man, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who applies to the Digicorp group to work as an undercover agent. After an initial briefing with the Head of Security of Digicorp, Sullivan is given a new identity (Jack Thursby) and sent to a business conference with the task of recording the speeches given by several speakers on the strategies of marketing of each of their respective companies. Upon successful completion of its first assignment, Sullivan / Thursby is sent to other missions to obtain the same type of information previously collected. However, in one of his "business trips", he meets inadvertently with a woman named Rita Foster, (Liu) whom he had met in his previous assignment, and from there things go very wrong. The implications of a diabolical conspiracy involving Digicorp's espionage program begin to emerge and Sullivan is forced to protect himself thoroughly in one of Digicorp's main competitors, thus becoming a double agent involved in intense rivalry between the two companies. . <br /> <br /> ((SPOILERS END HERE)) <br /> <br /> What I liked most about this movie was the efficient use of lighting and shadows in many of the scenes. Intense lighting was used mainly in domestic / domestic environments, while many shades and dark colors were used for settings involving deception and concealment. I was also very impressed by Jeremy Northam. Not often I've seen him in the lead role, and the fact that he plays a married and disenchanted man directly from Wisconsin was brilliant. Personally, I think he's one of the many less-used actors in the industry who have not been assigned more challenging roles. Lucy Liu was also amazing on her part and gave the film its true cloak and dagger tone. Also, the rest of the support cast did an excellent job, however, my only complaint was that some characters could have been explored further to complicate the plot and the closure a bit more. For example, I would have loved to see what would have happened if Jack Thursby had developed a more intimate relationship with his second "wife". In general, this is a cleverly developed layer and dagger story that keeps you guessing all the way down to personal and professional loyalties and if you can trust someone in the whole movie. With an intelligent and elegant soundtrack and a great camera work, this film offers a frightening vision of how corporations could operate in the near future. I am surprised that I have never seen this "hidden gem" before. This is a brilliant spy thriller, not too complicated, and therefore I give it a 9 out of 10.
