Hey, seriously, TheaterX, he found this while looking for videos at the flea market, almost in a new condition, and when he read the back of the box he saw that it was something like a "cult hit", of course it came to home. I. <br /> <br /> What a strange movie. The aunt and cousin of former first lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis lives in this 28-room rotting house on Long Island (Suffolk Co.) and shares the house with raccoons, cats, fleas (eyow!) And who knows what else . Suffolk Co. covered them at one point for living in filth and old Jackie came to fix things. Anyway, this is a strange couple, Big Edie and Little Edie ... Edie (the daughter) always uses something on her head and dances, sings and gives little attention to the camera that rarely makes much sense. Big Edie (the 79-year-old mother) apparently likes to run naked, and while we get hints of what might appear to be fortunate, this was done with gusto (?) To the point where we fortunately saved ourselves from that. These women talk and talk and talk, mainly about the past, and it does not make much sense, except for them. They live in absolute filth, the cats do their business anywhere ("Look, that cat goes to the bathroom behind my portrait!"), And a room seems to be its center of operations. If I close my eyes and hear the voice of Big Edie, it reminds me a lot of my deceased aunt, who was from that area of ​​the country and had that Lawn Guyland accent. One of the scenes is that Little Edie got flea repellent, lovely, you can see all the cats scratching all the time so the place must have been infested. The painting refers to these two women as "eccentric", and I have to say that in this case it is just a euphemism for "taken out of their pumpkins", but this film is not exempt from moments when you really feel something for them. This is just as scary, sad and disgusting, but I could not stop looking once I started. This is not my kind of "normal" movie, but I found it fascinating. However, it will not be for everyone, guaranteed.
