Cypher is a smart, effective and mysterious film that offers. Its good premise is well presented and its content is delivered effectively but also in a way that the genre demands. Although one could immediately label the film as science fiction, there is a little more. It has obvious science fiction features, but the movie is more like a noir / detective sensation than anything else that really adds to the story. <br /> <br /> The film, in general, develops as if it were a kind of nightmare; Thus building and maintaining a good environment. We are never sure exactly what is happening, we are never sure why certain things are really happening and we are not completely sure of certain people, is it similar to having a dream? Does ambiguity reign over all of us? Hero included and I have not seen how this has been carried that way in a movie before, in Terry Gilliam's Brazil. Following the concern mentioned above, Cypher is presented with elements of horror and detective, noir and science fiction giving the feeling that there is something for everyone and integrates well its elements. <br /> <br /> There is also a feeling of espionage to the movie that helps the detective side of the story. The mystery that surrounds almost everyone is disturbing to say the least and it seems to me that the fact that Rita Foster (Liu), who is supposed to look like a fatal woman, can be seen as a lesser threat to that of all what happens. around the hero: the people who appear as friends are not really friends, the people they say they are helping are actually using, and the people who appear to be quite harmless are actually more lethal than they seem. In spite of changing many things, twisting the plot several times and following the orders that are presented in a way that it seems that the world will end if they are not carried out; What seems most dangerous is any romantic bond or connection with Lucy Liu's character? and she is trying to help (!) The film maintains that feeling of two sides fighting in an espionage war, spying on and keeping their employees and opponents. Everything develops as a kind of mini cold war; something that resembles the USA UU and the USA UU in the epoch of apogee of his war of the word and that really crosses given the black screen, desolate, often full of CGI to which it was stuck. <br /> <br /> What was also quite interesting and was a nice additional touch was the travel insertion photo from certain states of the United States to look like computer microchips while our hero flies to and from his declared destinations . meaningful then, the more he acts on his own motivation and that of Foster, this sequence disappears because he is separating himself from the computerized, repetitive and controlled life that he is told to live and is spreading. <br /> <br /> Cyhper is very Consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good movie. To say that it resembles Jason Bourne's first film, only set in the science fiction genre, is not enough, but you can see the similarities; Although both are released in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, there seems to be something in this movie for everyone and if you can see beyond the rather disappointing ending that some people can predict successfully, you will find yourself enjoying this movie.
