Actually, it's a good thing that Sean Connery retired as James Bond, since I'm sure he could not keep up with today's espionage business, where fast cars have been replaced by brainwashing techniques. High-tech and beautiful women are considered to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a very inventive science fiction thriller that often evokes feelings of fear and claustrophobia despite being totally implausible. You know the trend in this type of movies: nothing is what it seems and, just when you think that the complicated plot was solved, the writers make sure to insert a new twist that confuses everyone again. The events in "Cypher" supposedly take place in the most prominent regions of the computer world, where the big companies really do not do much more than try to steal each other's thunder. The Digisoft company literally spends millions of people brainwashing and provides them with a new identity, only to allow them to infiltrate as spies their main competitor, the Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, constantly tries to unmask the Digisoft rats and recruit them again as double spies. In the midst of all this unprofitable business is Morgan Sullivan; an apparently colorless employee in his mid-thirties who has been selected by Sebastian Rooks (the über-spy) to imitate the secret policies of BOTH companies. Trust me, it's actually less complicated than it seems and director Vincenzo Natali (the guy from "Tube") takes his time to present all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film is quite reminiscent of the sadly underestimated gem of John Frankenheimer "Seconds"? Starring Rock Hudson? It also deals with erasing identities and drastically altering their previous lifestyle. Even the ensemble pieces seem to come straight out of that 60's movie, with lots of empty white rooms and mysterious corridors that seem to have no end. There is also a lot of action and suspense, especially when Morgan experiments soberly how the Digisoft team inspects the results of their brainwashing techniques during boring conventions. The central section of the film creeps a bit, mainly because you realize that everything is being built towards multiple misleading plot twists, and I expected a more somber representation of the not-so-distant future. Jeremy Northam is perfectly cast and the adorable Lucy Liu is convincingly mysterious as the cunning woman who seems to be on her side. The choice of regular director David Hewlett has the most memorable supporting role as the ingenious engineer of Suways Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is well done and adrenaline accelerates science fiction entertainment, highly recommended for people who like to use their brain power from time to time.
