This is an incredibly imaginative and low-budget science fiction film by cult director Vincenzo Natali. The film unfolds like a cross between Phillip K Dick and Hitchcock and Cronenberg and the film takes on a unique sensation like nothing you've ever seen. The film is beautifully shot, I love cinematography, it feels fresh and original. As for the plot, the film explores themes similar to films like Total Recall, Dark City and The Matrix and their pretty basic science fiction stuff. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban who is bored with his life and has decided to take a job as a spy for the company for Digicorp, a large technological corporation. He meets a recruiting officer at the beginning who brings Sullivan on board and gives him instructions on what he has to do. Basically, it involves going to conferences of rival companies and recording them through a satellite transmission device disguised as a ballpoint pen. It also means that you must adopt a different person and keep it a secret for your wife. After his first job, things become strange, his habits change, his personality begins to differ and he suffers neck pains, headaches and nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by Lucy Liu, an intriguing character). He feels attracted instantly. However, when he goes to his next job and sees her again, she reveals herself as an agent of some kind who reveals that her work is not exactly what it seems. Later he discovers that he and the rest of the people who attend the conference work for Digicorp. The conferences are all covered to allow the men of the company to brainwash their spies. Sullivan, whose alternate name is Jack Thursby, received an antidote to Digicorps' drugs and, while the rest of the spies of the last conference go into what seems to be a brain-dead dream, while the speakers continue to sound ( the speakers send all the information). attendees sleep through subliminal messages.) Suddenly, the lights in the rooms go out and the Digicorp workers light up shining in all the eyes of the occupants to make sure they are not aware and then, in a nightmarish situation , they bring earphones for each member that sends messages in the brain and brainwashing the precipitants to believe they are someone else. Digicorp is using these people as puppets and creating personalities and lives for these people while erasing their own existence. Sullivan must now pretend that he fully believes that he is now Jack Thursby. Digicorp wants to steal information from its rival Samways and they want their own puppets to do so, now effectively controlling what these spies do, except Sullivan. When Samways seizes Sullivan and discovers that he has not really been brainwashed, they decide to use him as a pawn to spy on Digicorp and turn Sullivan into a double agent. They know that Digicorp sent them to Thursby to work on Samways and work on the system until they can enter a situation to download important company information that could shut down the company. Samways realizes that they had planted it and decides that they will play together with Digicorp and allow Thursby to infiltrate their databases, but they will give Digicorp an unreliable disk that will ruin their system. The plot begins to spin and spin, as both companies are using Sullivan as a pawn. He is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery as she tries to discover why she is helping him. When a mysterious third party becomes involved, the person for whom Foster is revealed to be working, Sullivan must decide whether to go to this independent agent, who could guarantee him a new life and safety or continue with one of the companies for which he works. All tension builds up to a stoned climax, as it seems that almost everyone wants to get rid of it once its utility has expired. The cast is great. Northam is excellent and the subtlety in his performance is excellent. It brings a great visual aspect to your performance, your eyes tell a story and we see a great subtle change as your character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is sexy beyond belief and her presence gives a great dynamic to the film because it seems like a strange casting, but it works because of that fact. The rest of the cast is also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natali, whose previous film was the classic science fiction cult film Cube, has a real visual talent. Take a good step too to the movie and it has given you a great look. For a low budget film, it presents some imaginative visual effects and, although the CGI is not very good, it never starts a central piece to negatively affect the film. The movie really brings feelings from the Matrix and other great science fiction movies, it's there with them. The plot almost gets too complicated sometimes, but that really helps in a movie like this, which is where the influence of Cronenberg and Lynch is evident. The film makes you constantly work on what is happening and it really surprises you as you go. This is generally an obvious cult classic and I can see that it is incredibly popular when launched in the United States. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
