This science fiction film financed by Filmfour is definitely a must see. Although it has great influence of The Manchurian Candidate and does not offer an original or original plot; it is handled with the greatest ability that is fresh and inventive, despite being basically a repetition of a previous film. It's good to know that movies like this one are still being made (even if they're not getting great releases), and Cypher is refreshing for that reason. The plot turns and spins, which gives it an element of paranoia and also serves to keep the audience on the edge of their seat while trying to discover the meaning of the Cypher mystery. The plot follows Morgan Sullivan; a bored man from the suburbs who decides to take a job with Digicorp that involves him listening to the speeches of several rival companies and recording them for unknown reasons. However, his work is interrupted when he meets a mysterious young woman known as Rita ... <br /> <br /> This film presents a series of white backgrounds that give it a very surreal touch and combine well with his image apocalyptic from the future. This gives the film a very strange aspect that distinguishes it from most other movies of the same type, since its very close subsidiary is A Clockwork Orange, by Kubrick. The plot is also very efficient and leaves aside the development of characters in favor of a more elegant and more exciting plot development. You never know very well where you are with the plot, what serves to make it even more intriguing. The acting is largely good with a largely unknown cast that backs the star team; Jeremy Northam and Lucy Lui. Northam is very much like the part of the quiet and discouraged man at the center of the story, and he does well with his role. Lucy Lui is an actress who has a resume that does not fit her talent, but has an appearance that fits this film. <br /> <br /> Cypher is far from perfect, since some of the sequences are illogical and can sometimes be inconsistent; but in general, if you want a recent inventive science fiction movie; Cypher is the way to go.
