Was this based on a comic book? A videogame? A drawing of a 3-year-old child? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this movie that should be taken seriously; not the characters, neither the dialogue, nor the plot, nor the action. Nothing. We have high-tech international terrorists / criminals who fight like preschoolers, Stallone's steel-man type resistance to cold weather, dialogue is so silly that sometimes it's almost funny, and so on. Even the code name that the bad guys use is silly ("tango-tango"). A film that entertains through suspense, good action sequences and a pleasant snowy mountainous environment. Oh, yes: and the unintentional humor. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with some really bad and unconvincing homosexual jokes among our lucky and happy characters who are obviously having a "quick" moment. Then comes a failed salvage part that produces sweat, which should make anyone with scary height problems want to remove their hair. And then we have a little more bad dialogue, and after that, a great action more. This is the rhythm of the movie in a few words. <br /> <br /> The melodramatic exchange of Stallone with Turner, when they meet after a long time, is so soapy, so cliché, so false and so bad that it should make all the spectators respect each other. Shortly after this exhibition of horrible dialogue writing, we are witnessing a spectacular hijacking and excellent shot of an airplane. All the action is a great absurdity, but it is a fun without meaning in its maximum expression. Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun, the airplane scenes are really the highlight of the film. After landing, our criminal masters seek guidance and end up with Stallone and Rooker. They send Stallone to find the first case of money, but somehow they do everything possible to make it difficult for him to reach it; They remove most of their clothes (so they can freeze) and do not give them the equipment they need (to make them fall). THESE GANGSTERS WANT YOUR MONEY RECEIVED OR NOT? Very foolish. Apparently, they do not trust Stallone, but surely they know they can always send him a black email using Rooker as a hostage. However, our mobsters hinder the rise of Stallone, although for logical reasons, at least to show us how truly evil they are, so there is no doubt. And for those who can still doubt how bad the bad guys are, they exaggerate, boast and laugh in a truly evil way. Everyone convinced? Good. You better be. Otherwise, the writers will launch a mass execution of twenty children from the school, just to make sure that the wickedness of the bad guys is very clear to everyone. <br /> <br /> The old man who flies the helicopter ... How the hell did he fall in love with the trap? First, he should have been warned by the MTV airline about the criminals, and second, he should have heard the voices of Stallone and Rooker on the walkie-talkies. A lot of idiotic verbal exchanges take place, with Lithgow having the questionable honor of getting most of the silly lines. "Get off my back!" Lithgow: "I have not even started climbing on your back." Or, from Lithgow to Stallone: ​​"We had a deal, but now we only have each other!" And as for the band of murderers from Lithgow: these guys never seem to want to kill right away. They are very creative about it; they philosophize, they pretend that they are playing soccer with your body, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone co-wrote this thing. I have no idea what drugs he was taking when he did it. I would hate to think that the script is so bad because of a low IQ.
