This film focuses on four criminals, locked in a prison who want to escape from their cell, hoping that a mysterious book of black magic, written by a former inmate around 1920, called Danvers, who wanted to use spells to keep his young skin. <br /> <br /> Carrère's criminal trade tactics (shortcuts) (Gérald Laroche) took him to jail with three rare cellmates ... a transsexual warlock Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus's love toy (Dimitri Rataud) who eats the objects he touches (... and is in prison for eating his six-month-old sister) and obeys his accusation as if "he" were his mother, and the scholar Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not he reads or eats breakfast (... the latter being the one who murdered his wife during that time of day). The film follows Carrère as he reads the book, trying to understand the meaning of the hope of finding a way out of his prison. Carrère loves his son, and for a time he believes that his wife will release him early on bail. When she betrays him, Carrère begins to slowly boil with hatred, and longing to see and hold her beloved son. The hardest critic of Carrère is Marcus, who longs to be completely feminine, while still joining several masculine traits, such as training and taking a foot escape. He speaks loudly and uses his muscle as a kind of scare tactic, although deep down he is a world of vulnerability. Pâquerette is completely under the control of Marcus and behaves like a canine to his master ... there is even an alarming scene in which Pâquerette feeds on Marcus. Lassalle is a mystery to be discovered, which opens so that we can slowly understand its hidden motives and what lies within its possibly sinister brain. Clearly intellectual, and keeping possible secrets from others, Lassalle is actually the one who maintains the motivation to pursue the secrets of the book. Soon, those who are not a threat to the book seek their "true" escape, not so much from the cell of the four walls, but from the cell that imprisons their true desires. After a certain murder, the book leaves the room with a very fascinating character who enters the film with a video camera as if he were a new occupant ... who is this person and how he understands the power of a book that falls apart, and Better yet, how to use it? A constant in this film is that each of the prisoners is often seen through their window to the world that is beyond their reach. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I had the chance to see this movie. It is played as "Monkey's Paw", the characters get what they want, but a price must be paid. There is blood in the film, amazing moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, this is first of all a story guided by a story. The gore is a product of what the book unleashes. One of the members of the group is twisted limbs while suspended in the air, while a horrifying opening act shows the carnage that remains after the desire of a man. We see the fate of Danver at the end, with a magnificent sequence of special effects with respect to a baby that is melting. The fate of Lassalle is a sequence of magisterial effects. I will say that Maléfique, through the good direction of Eric Valette, always kept my attention and, for being such an isolated film (... about 95% of the film takes place in a singular place, the prison cell) , it seems to never drag. I suppose it is a testimony of interesting actors and fascinating characterizations, not to mention a compelling story that uses the supernatural to drive them.
