Malefique practically has the viewer from beginning to end with its avant-garde atmosphere. Almost the entire film is set in a prison cell that revolves around 4 characters, of which the transvestite Marcus and his retarded toddler are the strangest. Soon the inmates find a diary of a previous inmate behind a brick that deals with his obsession with the subjects of occultism and black magic that lead him to escape from the cell. From here on, everything is about discovering the secret of the book and its spells to escape from prison. That leads to some accidents on the way from the cell to the unknown light. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I think the story is pretty bad and the final turn is nice, but for me the ends are very little linked. Anyway, I got excited until the last moment because the atmosphere of the film is unique, with a minimal stage and cast. The murders are raw and mysterious ... you do not need to bleed to relax your spine and the hidden themes are also done very well and remind me of the infernal themes in Hellraiser. Malefique has a feeling of claustrophobia and cold dirt with greenish tint. Sometimes, one wonders if the real world or the hidden world shown here is strange ... when the retarded child loses his fingers and is harassed by sleeping sucking Marcus' breasts, it seems normal, then, how strange Can it be the fact that the bright doors of freedom are? With its budget, the film creates a unique atmosphere and gives chills to the viewer in a very different way than most of the shocking genre does. I just wish that history has led to a more consistent ending. Various elements such as the visitor with the camera, the obsession of other inmates with the books and the toy doll that point vaguely at the end do not fit into the story. Anyway, I will keep my eyes open for other films by director Valette, although it is a detour to see that he is making a new Hollywood version of "A missed call", which was already worn out and useless in the Miike version.
