The French horror cinema has seen a kind of renaissance in recent years with great films like Inside and Switchblade Romance breaking into the scene. Maléfique preceded the revival just a little, but it is far above most modern horror titles and, surely, it is one of the best French horror films ever made! Maléfique was obviously filmed with a low budget, but this is compensated in many more ways than the originality of the film, and this in turn is complemented by the excellent writing and acting that ensure that the film is the winner. The plot focuses on two main ideas; Prison and black magic. The central character is a man named Carrère, sent to prison for fraud. He is put in a cell with three others; The silent demented Lassalle, the transvestite Marcus and her late boyfriend Daisy. After a short time together in the cell, they find a hiding place on the wall containing an old diary. After translating a part, they soon realize their magical powers and realize that they can use it to get through the walls of the prison. <br /> <br /> Black magic is a very interesting subject, and in fact I am quite surprised that there are no more films based on it, as there is a lot of room for things to do with it. It is fair to say that Maléfique makes the best of her resources because despite her restrictions, the film never feels restricted and manages to flow well at all times. The director Eric Valette provides a great atmosphere for the film; the fact that most of this happens inside the prison's central cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and this greatly benefits the central idea that prisoners want to use magic to get out of the cell - It is very easy to go after them! It is often said that the unknown is what really scares people, and this movie shows that the director ensures that we can never be sure what exactly is around the corner, and this helps ensure that Maléfique I really manage to be. Pretty scary! The film is memorable for many reasons outside the central plot; All the characters are very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself acquires its own character is very well done. Anyone who is worried that the film will not come out in the end will not be disappointed either, since the ending makes sense and he manages to be quite horrific! In general, Maléfique is an excellent horror movie and one of the best of the decade. Highly recommended!
