The good horror films of France are quite rare, and it's easy enough to see why! Every time a young and talented filmmaker releases an amazing new movie, he migrates to glorious Hollywood immediately afterwards to direct the remake of another great big budget classic! How can France build a solid reputation for horror when its director-prodigies leave the country after just one movie? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic film and earned director Alexandre Aja a ticket (one way?) To the United States to remake "The Hills Have Eyes" (which he did in a terrible way, I can add). Eric Valette's feature film, "Maléfique," was also a very promising and appealing horror film, and he already went to Hollywood to direct the remake of Takashi Miike's ghostly success story, "One Missed Call." So there you have it, two very gifted Frenchmen who probably will not make more films in their native country soon. "Maléfique" is a simple but efficient cooler that requires some patience due to its slow start, but once the plot is properly developed, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of wonderful special effects. The film is developed almost entirely in one place and only presents four characters. We are inside a dilapidated French prison cell with four occupants. The newcomer is a businessman convicted of committing fraud, the elderly and "wise" prisoner killed his wife sadistically and then there is a crazy transvestite and a mentally disabled child to complete the strange quartet. They find an old diary inside the wall of their cell, which belongs to a sick killer in the 1920s who specialized in rites of black magic and supernatural ways of escaping. The four inmates begin to prepare their own escape plan using the strange formulas of the book, only to realize that the hidden is something that should not get. Eric Valette dedicates the oceans of time to the drawings of the characters of the four protagonists, which sometimes result in redundant and tedious plots, but their reasons for this are clarified in the frightening climax when the book suddenly becomes a type of Wishmaster. device. "Maléfique" is a dark film, with trucks of claustrophobic tension and various twisted details about human behavior. Watch it before a wealthy American producer decides to remake it with four handsome teenage actors in the unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals.
