If you are one of those who recognize with pleasure such arcane titles as "Book of the dead", "Book of Eibon" or "Necronomicon", then you should feel at home with Malefique, a film that also presents a hidden volume. , one with the power to change the destiny of all those involved. Discovered by four French prisoners who share a cell, the fearsome object was placed on the wall there by Danvers, a serial killer who was imprisoned in the 1920s; a man obsessed with rejuvenation and the black arts before he disappeared abruptly. The searchers of the book are Carrère (Gérald Laroche), an embezzler of the company bought by his wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who aspires to be a woman but at the same time builds a body to execute an escape plan, the fool Pâquerette (Dimitri) Rataud) who once ate his little sister, and 'librarian' Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), supposedly maddened by reading, who murdered his wife. Reminding the viewer of the pompous macho of Meat Loaf in Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins as the dominant member of the quartet, one of which is especially protective with the infant potato. However, with the arrival of the book and the general need to decipher its dangerous content, Marcus becomes increasingly important. Initially, an advance bond was secured, while Carrère takes little more than academic interest in the events. Suddenly, he also needs an urgent escape option and, as the prisoners experience, Danvers's book begins to reveal some of his terrifying powers ... <br /> <br /> For the most part within a prison cell, and between four or five characters, Malefique has a claustrophobic air completely suited to their subject (as well as the limited budget of the filmmakers). Only at the beginning and then at the conclusion can we leave the confines of the cell, a necessary opening that only serves to emphasize the condemned and closed nature of the procedures elsewhere. More than anything, this is a film about how to be caught, either as a victim of your criminal past or of hidden events that are unfolding. "I'm going to escape," says Carrère at the beginning of the film, wishing more than anything to be able to meet his wife and son. Whether he does it or not, it will have a terrible price, and the great irony of the film is that the final form of an "escape" may not be one that man can imagine. <br /> <br /> With all its budgetary limitations it is largely due to the credit of the first full-length film, Eric Vallette, that his film succeeds as well as it does. As critics have noted, it is a film with strong Freudian connotations: the distinctive Lassalle breast and adult breastfeeding, for example; the image of a vagina that comes alive and develops an eye; the adult man who dissolves again into a fetus; The fetish of Danvers' original placenta; the dark cell like a primitive uterus from which "delivery" is expected, etc. With so many interesting aspects for the script, Vallette barely puts one foot in danger, and manages to create a really disturbing atmosphere from what, when one arrives at It is just a matter of four types, four bunk beds, a folding table and a book. There is a true and growing love of Lovecraft when men invoke unspeakable darkness from its pages, while one or two moments (the flickering vagina mentioned above, or what finally happens to Pâquerette) are disturbingly memorable. The pace of many of the dark events in Malefique is deliberate, rejecting the rapid cut of many Hollywood productions: a video culture approach that often subverts the horrified look in favor of fast action and gore. Perhaps this is a particularly European way, since one remembers a similar and measured approach to the shocking hallucination taken in films like Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983), a film that, by the way, also shares a particularly unpleasant image based on an eye prolapse. /> <br /> Lensed well at 1.85: 1, Malefique benefits from excellent performances and, if at least for this viewer, the conclusion was not as explainable as it could have been, the trip to the final shot was worth it. Very soon after the release of Haute Tension (also known as: Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to thank good horror films emerging from French industry, after a time when it seemed like the only product worth the grief came from Asia.
