"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror movie can be effective with nothing more than a well-executed plot and a lot of heart. His cast has no recognized names, does not have a large budget and certainly lacks a visual aspect; but it makes up for all that with an intelligent and well written script, an effective distribution and the vision of a director focused more on telling the story than on offering cheap emotions. Eric Valette may not be a well-known name yet, but with "Maléfique", his first feature film, proves that he is at the level of contemporaries such as Jeunet, Gans or Aja. <br /> <br /> The film is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with very different backgrounds but with only one objective: to leave. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) is imprisoned after being found guilty of a multi-million dollar fraud; His cellmates, the violent Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and the mentally disabled Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud), are condemned for murder and give Carrère a cold welcome. Their personalities will face when Carrère discovers an old book that details how a former prisoner escaped using black magic. <br /> <br /> Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maléfique" is a great mix of dark fantasy and horror in a very reminiscent of the stories of Clive Barker. The strongest point of the film is the way it builds the characters, they all have very complex and different personalities, and much of the tension and suspense come from their constant clash of personalities. The supernatural element of the story is very well handled and, in general, gives the film the sensation of reading a Gothic novel. Despite being a movie about four men locked in a room, the film never becomes boring or boring and, in fact, the isolation of the group increases the feeling of distrust, claustrophobia and, especially, paranoia. <br /> <br /> Director Eric Valette makes great use of the atmosphere, the mood and his cast to bring the plot to life. Despite his obvious lack of budget, he has created a brilliant film that feels original, fresh and very attractive. His subtle and effective camera work helps to dynamize the film despite its unique location, and the slow pace that develops the film is excellent to create the heavy atmosphere of isolation and distrust at the basis of the plot of the film. The very few special effects presentations are very well done and Valette exchanges quantity for quality in the few but spectacular scenes of blood. <br /> <br /> The characters are what make this movie work, and the cast definitely deserves something. of the credit Gérald Laroche is excellent as Carrère, a man at first sight innocent, but who hides a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his demanding role. However, it is Clovis Cornillac who steals the show with his performance as Marcus, a violent and disturbed man who basically wants to be himself. The characters are very well developed and the cast makes the most of them. <br /> <br /> The movie is great, but it's not without flaws. Of course, the most notorious is its low budget. Some of the effects of CGI are a bit poor compared to makeup and effective prosthetics that are used in other scenes, however, it is never so bad. Probably the bad thing about "Maléfique" is that it seems to lose some steam at the end when it focuses on the supernatural black magic instead of the characters, not too bad, but the end may seem weak from that point of view. <br /> <br /> Anyway, "Maléfique" is another one of those great horror films that come out of France lately, and one that deserves more recognition. Valette is definitely a talent to follow since this modest (though complex) story of the supernatural is proof of his abilities. Personally, this movie is a new favorite. 8/10
