The influence of Hal Hartley in Adrienne Shelly's "I Take You There" is not obvious, but clearly has links to his work (Shelly acted in two of Hartley's films). His film not only shows a very tight narrative, but the hypersilized and extreme characters strangely represent human emotion in a very real light. Although this film is not ironic in general (thank God), the small and subtle ironies that bite the piece allude to the bitter truths of love and loss. With a beautiful cinematography and a soundtrack of the seventies, "I'll see you there" is a great independent film that does not yield to postmodern irony when dealing with the evils of love and the reality of human emotions. <Br /> <br /> The movie starts with Bill's life falling apart. Not only did he sell his best friend Ray a beautiful country house, but his wife Rose left him to join Ray in retirement. Washed, Bill revolves in his own sadness and pessimism until his sister Lucy (played by the director Adrienne Shelly) brings you all kinds of surprises: a self-help book and a "date" for his traumatized brother. <br /> <br /> The reluctant Bill tries to refuse, but Bernice's sudden appearance at his door leaves him no other choice. Undoubtedly, Bernice's initially superficial behavior and ridiculous hairstyle diminish her ability to "bounce" with her. However, his pseudo-hippie qualities bother him so much that he flogs her on his first date. And Bernice is so traumatized by her derogatory comments that she joins him, forcing herself on him. To what end, we do not realize ... except perhaps because of the fact that she is a psychopath. (And who is better at playing psycho than Ally Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> Aware that Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Bernice offers her car, but on the condition that he takes her somewhere First. On the way, she proceeds to keep Bill prisoner with his own weapon (a Pinkerton detective, no less). An imbroglio of anguish, resentment, redemption, passion and violence are produced when Bill and Bernice meet on the way to Ray and Rose's country house ... of course, with some stops along the way.
