Apart from some titles and the new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I've seen all the films directed by Guy Ritchie. Twice. It goes without saying that I am a big fan and Revolver is one of the outstanding reasons why. This movie is a very different approach from Ritchie, when you look at it comparatively with Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. Revolver prepares us for a kind of psychological thriller when a game scammer finds himself at the mercy of a set of enemies he did not expect and a guided walk for redemption he did not know he needed. Along with seeing André Benjamin of OutKast's fame show his ability to act, other featured acts are Ray Liotta playing the maniac Mr. D / Macha and Mark Strong playing Sorter, the hit man. <br /> <br /> After being sent to the prison of a tyrant, owner of a casino, Macha, Jake uses his time alone to perfect a plan to humiliate Macha and force his hand to compensate for the seven years what happened. When he wins a card game and gets a decent sum from Macha, Jake is on the verge of death when he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable disease that leaves him three days to live. However, a team of shark lenders has an answer for him and a ticket for life, only if he gives them all the money he has and renounces to work for them, all in a plan to overthrow Macha and show Jake how dangerous What is it. It has been made for itself. In addition to having the air of the death loom, and a couple of loan sharks who have a field day with their money, Jake also has to deal with having a hit on him, which introduces Sorter, a hit man. in charge of Macha. The depth with the story comes when Jake realizes that some of the convicts with whom he spent time alone may very well be the shark lender team to take him away for all he has to design all the unfortunate events in which Jake However, when faced with this reality, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi show Jake how twisted he has become to be alone, to have only the company of his mind and his ego to do so. that his real existence is hard to reach even for Jake. The film becomes a process of humility for both Jake and Macha, as both face their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style of the film is top notch, as it gives you the feeling of being in the world of crime. Represented and the characters it includes. Although many of the winks to the previous films of Ritchie are here, still it has an own presence from the dialogue, the scenes and the experimental version of the genre gangster. It is also a great journey in humility and recognize when you can let your ego or a pre-established notion mask your ability to achieve what you want or overcome what you should. The characters are well designed in this film, with all sides made and, true to Ritchie's fashion, they are all bound by a dishonest attitude that throws a key into everyone's business. I could and I would like to continue with this film and its unique nuances, but I do not want to take away much of it if I have not seen it yet. <br /> <br /> It may take some sessions to go through all the intricate layers but it is a great movie and it should be seen. If you are lucky and have not seen the launch in the USA. UU Diluted, see if you can get the original version of the United Kingdom, as it will become a great topic of discussion among friends when you try to decipher it. I saw it with my team in early 2006 and we are still talking about small things that we learned today. He has won his cult status, and he deserves it as the movie in which Ritchie came out of the box and broke his rule a bit. <br /> <br /> Featured line: "Fear or venerate me, but please, I think I'm special, we share an addiction, we're addicted to approval."
