Neither the total disaster claimed by the critics of the United Kingdom nor the misunderstood masterpiece that his few fanatics insist, Revolver is, at least, an admirable attempt by Guy Ritchie to add a bit of substance to his scammers. But then, nothing is more despised than an ambitious movie that stings more than it can chew, especially one that uses the frame of the gangster / scammers movie. As one might expect from the name of Luc Besson in the credits as a producer, there is a definite element in 'Cinema de look': in a realistic fantasy world where America and Britain overlap, it looks great, has a couple of excellent Edita and he conceives sequences of action and oozes style, all of which mark him as a disposable entertainment. But, clearly, Ritchie wants to do more than just redo his own movies for quick money, and he's spent a lot of time thinking and reading about life, the universe and everything. In any case, his problem is that he is trying to influence too many influences (a bit of Machiavelli, a bit of Godard, many of the principles of chess), motives and techniques, messing the screen with quotes: the film was originally intended to Finish with three minutes of epigrams on photos of corpses of victims of the mafia and, sometimes, it feels as if he had never read a fortune cookie that he did not want to turn into a movie. Instead of a commercial for Kabbalism, it is actually more a mixture of the overlapping principles of commerce, chess and the deception of trust, which for the most part accomplishes the difficult trick of making Theosophy accessible at the same time. that hides the central aspect (something metaphysical) of the film. The last third is where most of the problems can be found when Jason Statham confronts the enemy (literally) with many ambitious cuts but not always completely successful within the framework to contrast the external courage of the people with his inner fear and anger, but he has much in his favor anyway. It's not worth starting a new religion, but I'm surprised you did not get a distributor in the United States. Maybe they found that Ray Liotta's intentionally fake tan was too scary?
