I recommend families, if possible, to show this only to older children. Some of the things in this movie can be too disturbing for the little ones to handle. Now that that's out of the way, let me explain about this movie. This is actually a documentary of a male fox, which at the beginning is protecting its territory and looking for a companion. The beginning with the wonderful sunrise and the music is impressive. You'd better immerse yourself in as many landscapes as possible. Ugly later They gave the names of the fox and the fox, but I can not remember what they are for me like me. Fight against this invading male to earn his love. Later they create a lair and the fox. she gives birth to four adorable puppies, one of which is blind. There are many happy and playful moments with the family of foxes, but tragedy and bad luck come too soon. The first victim is the blind puppy, who gets too close to the top. tide and is dragged. The second victim is the mother, who, while stealing chickens, is deceived by a dead person. Chicken hanging from a stick. Without knowing it, walk towards a foot trap. While trying to escape, he tears a part of his foot and makes it bleed to death. The rest of the fox family is forced to watch her die under a tree. The man is now a single father, forced to assume the role of mom and dad. He alone has to teach them the skills they need for life. Later, it is shown that it is not enough, when two of the now grown puppies face an ugly fate themselves thanks to the negligence and cruelty of man. I will not ruin the surprising ending for you, but it does show the farmer and his dogs near his tail. And it's a well-deserved ending after what the public and the family of foxes went through. I wanted to say that I saw it when it first came out in the early 1980s, when we had something called Showbiz cable. I was only 4 years old when I saw it, but I could never understand why they did not let me. see everything. Now I know why, after I secretly watched him when he appeared at Disney, when he was 9 years old. I felt emotionally disemboweled after seeing all this evil in motion. I was moved to tears. But as dark and ugly as it was, it has a purpose. Allow people what is happening with these and other types of animals, and why they are in danger. This documentary wanted to convey the message about this endangered species, and I expected it to work. It is not false. Like Disney's True Life Nature films, they do not teach why animals die out. The invasion of the earth, the murder. of the foxes' main prey, and the senseless death of these beautiful animals, has put them in danger. I would like them to be the sequel to this movie (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are being treated better. It is a fox cub named Teresa and her brothers when they are growing up. This film also reflects a little what happens to human families at times, especially when one of the parents dies suddenly. The surviving father assumes the roll of both and tries to teach important lessons of life. It is not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives are ruined. Or they are victims of the tragedy. The best thing of everything is the soundtrack and the musical score that I have listened to.
