Well, this film has so far been programmed by critics and board posters (although, as a defender of the devil, you can suggest that criticisms are often people who did not do it as filmmakers, and the posters on the boards are often people who did not do it themselves as critics), so I wanted to sit on Guy's corner with the magic sponge to maybe reach a couple of people who have decided not to watch the movie based on how everyone seems to be looking down his collective sense of approval in this regard. <br /> <br /> The biggest flaw in the movie when winning broad support is how unexpectedly complex it is. This has been described many times as making the film "inaccessible" to the viewer. The chronology of the film is relatively non-linear and the characters are used not only as a means to tell stories, but as a device to show us the subtle (or not so subtle) touches of bias we give to things as we keep them in memory, IE. The character of Ray Liotta brandishing a weapon that says that the words "fear me" is presented as tragically pathetic (from the POV of Statham) or as questioning and audacious (from the POV of Liotta). This is just one example of Ritchie's much more mature approach than he has taken to making movies with Revolver, we have a pretty archetypal story (the strong but silent gritty anti-hero is released from jail with a score to solve, but he feels inadvertently attracted to a world of corruption ... I mean, it's paint by numbers, movie, movie here guys, even the vague poetic choice of diction and the harsh voiceover) but Guy has taken this framework to make a series of Extremely philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene in which the character of Jason Statham crashes into a car. This disposable sequence may have been broadcast by the film and made no difference in the story at all ... but Ritchie is pointing out that small possible events, like receiving a phone call, can make the difference between life and death. <Br /> <br /> So the final act of the movie is pretty amazing, I would be taking the p * ss if I said I did not spend the last 20 minutes or so of the movie going to my date "uh ... wtf? "... but that is the most serious reason to ignore a work of art. It's too easy for you not to like something because it's hard for you to understand. And even easier to say "well, nobody else understood it, so it must be a real movie!". In my humble opinion, Revolver is a piece of modern art with style, complex and mature, that should be received in the same way that we would give the work of the Saatchi brothers. If we chose this opportunity to collectively say "Ah sh * t, I wanted a movie about a load of bleeding cockney gang members in the lollita ... Guy Ritchie is a tit!" Then the day will come when the filmmakers will only be allowed to do what is expected of them by superficial and shitty people. Just because Guy made a name for himself with the fun and funny cockney runs does not mean he can not be deep without being "pretentious". Fun people can be thoughtful too.
