Life is not bad for Harry Mitchell, he is a former air force commander (plus the ingenious little pension that I imagine), who is charging the money for a patent he has developed (fusing titanium and steel through an explosive process, creating a super metal for NASA). ), and his wife in her twenties has stayed pretty well. He has a small cushion in Los Angeles. I like to see visions of the consumer's dream of the 80s, and you get a good portion here, with the restored Silver Jagre (an E-type roadster from series 1) for him, and the beautiful old doll house for her (at just as I am sure of other trinkets and toys for children). There always has to be more, is not it? So Harry gets caught up in some romantic shenanigans (you're just as old as the woman you feel). As in many noir movies, one mistake, in an otherwise unstained life, leads to a downward arc for Harry. <br /> <br /> Three blackmailers attack him. This is where the values ​​are for me, the great actors of characters who play very credible roles. Bobby Shy (played by Clarence Williams III) is a black ex-convict who is able to perform incredible psychopathic acts to avoid jail and punish the Crusaders. Remember Pluto, the vicious black psychopath and ex-con of Carl Franklin's well-considered neo-noir, "One False Move" (1992). There is a motivation of a similar nature that I believe. Both men have had enough of the man, and well, almost all, in extremis. Robert Trebor plays Leo Franks, a fat lily with liver who runs a nudie room where men can photograph nude models at $ 25 for half an hour, and $ 50 for a full hour (did anyone else laugh at the lack of discount? ). It's on his head, and it's great to see Trebor act when Leo begins to feel the heat, a believable break. John Glover wins as Alan Raimy, who is the brain of the plot, a really brilliant man who becomes a pornographer and becomes a life of crime by pure sociopath abyss. He is a sexual sadist and does some particularly unpleasant things during the movie, including what I think is a pretty good implicit violation (pay attention to his reading of the RAP sheet, it's easy to miss, and read between the lines for the scene of the motel with "Slim"). <br /> <br /> In common with One False Move, though not exclusively, I think the real impact of the film is on unusually communicative scenes of violence. <br /> <br /> Up to now Very good, but I think there is a real problem with the movie. At one point, Harry Mitchell is told he has his "tit on the drainer". My problem is that Harry Mitchell is played by Roy Scheider. The protagonists of Roy Scheider never lose, they are sure of themselves and soft, but not in an annoying way. I feel that they ask me to believe that their character is in danger, the film is based on this for a dramatic tension; However, I did not believe it. For me it's like being asked to believe that the character of Sandra Bullock will end up sleeping alone at the end of a romantic drama, or that the character of Stephen Seagal will be shot down by the bad guys (actually it happened in a movie, but it was deliberately done. by shock value). Roy Scheider does not convince either as an adulterer, you do not feel any discomfort with him, his character is covered in Teflon. <br /> <br /> It also felt like a movie that had some cuts. At 110 minutes, it still feels underdeveloped: Harry's wife, Ann Margaret, is almost a cardboard cutout, an extension of Harry, his background story as a politician who runs for office receives little attention. The effect that the matter has on Harry's marriage is not communicated properly. This could be a problem of Frankenheimer, is not known for the development of the character. I never felt that Harry was dealing with little more than an openly annoying and erroneous tax claim from the IRS. <br /> <br /> In this film there is a good content of violent violent of bad quality, but I think that it is in the excellent bracket that the casting of Harry could have been made better (without missing the great Roy Scheider). The film felt short, even with the long running time, and I think I could have had a little more action. <br /> <br /> But you really can not forget the sordidness, like Harry's deliciously perverted scene taking pictures. Doreen in the nudie room.
