Now I have read some negative comments for this program on this website and frankly I am appalled. For someone to think that the Sopranos are not television, I'm afraid I do not know what the world has come up with. Let me tell you something. I started watching many TV shows, like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all those programs lost their touch after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refuse to see because the companies took 2 great ideas and killed them doing more than one season. Then we have The Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only television series I've seen in which I've been captivated throughout its season and, most importantly, in all its episodes. There is no department in which this show does not excel. Act- Nothing less than excellent. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel that his performance is absolutely impressive in each episode, after hearing that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony, I felt it would have been the best option, however, after seeing the first episodes I knew that HBO had done a great job in choosing James as Tony. The raw emotion it shows is excellent. Then we have everyone else, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (whom I remembered as Johnny Ola in Part 2 of the Godfather) and my two favorite characters, Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante All these actors perform with the best quality and all provide excellent performance in each episode. Then we have the story, never before had I seen myself so involved in a television program. The story is nothing less than excellent. Each episode is superbly directed and the score of this show is simply fantastic. I feel like The Sopranos is a show that I can watch again and again and I never get bored. It has everything from hilarious humor to brutal violence, but nonetheless, it is and always will be the best thing on television, and I challenge anyone to find a real flaw in the program. Not only do they say it's too violent, or that they feel that Tony's character is immoral, I mean it's a mafia show at the end of the day, I do not think the characters are very honest or loyal to God. I implore everyone to see this program because believe me, they will be hooked from the first episode, I did it and even got some friends who, in the first place, had refused to watch the program, hooked on him. Trust me when I say that this program is a blessing compared to the shit that comes on television. After having seen the first season, you will inevitably agree with me when I once again say that this program dominates television, and no television program. Current or future will always rise to the stage of the wonder that is The Sopranos.
