The Sopranos is probably the most acclaimed television series in history, so, of course, my expectations were skyrocketing, and yet the program overcame them. I love the mafia genre and crime in movies and I enjoy following the fascinating stories of these worlds, but this is much more. More than 86 hours of material give the story the opportunity to be not only one of the most exciting and unpredictable mafia / action stories, but also a great family drama, a shocking character study, a smiling comedy, a brilliant psychological examination that deals with the nature of good and evil, and an intellectual artistic collaboration of representative dreams and hallucinations, all in one. David Chase's epic series accomplishes all this and more, and cement HBO as the closest television set that can reach cinematic perfection, paving the way for a series of other series to keep the audience away. <br /> <br /> Realism is present when necessary, but Chase's decisions to deviate from it for the occasional effect of "sleep episodes" and the like only add more layers to the series. Chase, along with a strong writing team that includes Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire respectively, makes New Jersey an intricate universe filled with the biggest cast of characters I've seen on television. <Br /> <br /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of television's most innovative characters. Tony adheres to half the stereotypes of pop culture mobsters, but he completely defies the other half, and through his family interactions and therapy sessions with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco, with whom he has a chemistry considerable that guarantees that the therapy scenes always have a completely different feel to the rest of the program), we see almost all sides of Tony Soprano and learn that he is more of all men than one might expect. <br /> <br /> Edie Falco equals the power of Gandolfini's acting as Tony's wife, Carmela. From her mixed feelings about Tony's lifestyle, to her suspicions about murders, her torment over Tony's traps, her own thoughts about infidelity, Carmela goes through the gamut of emotions for 6 seasons and Falco makes her in the main vehicle for spectators who are not gangsters. Have eyes in such a corrupt world. The scenes between Tony and Carmela provide some of the most dramatic and painfully realistic dramas ever seen on television. <br /> <br /> The cast of cast is almost as phenomenal, and a wide range of characters populate the cast in all six seasons, somehow without layoffs. Nancy Marchand steals the show as Tony's dominant mother, Livia, an idea of ​​Tony's personality problems and panic attacks. The familiarity of Marchand's incessant complaints is almost appalling, since she takes the character so credibly away. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, the protégé of Tony, whose various bad decisions lead him down a path that is painful to see but runs brilliantly. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher's girlfriend, Adriana, and has so much meaning and love that the dark arc his character takes when he gets too involved with Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, presented as the best stereotype of the mafia and a comic book source, but over time he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters on the show, and no one interprets anger better than he does. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Faces known as Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young, and Eric Mangini make appearances over the course of show, while such notable names as Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt have regular roles as main characters in the series. There are more than 50 great characters with powerful arcs, and emotion and emotion never diminish in any of the various subplots throughout the show. <br /> <br /> Comic elements and complete episodes full of brilliant hilarity dilute the powerful dramatic intensity of the series, which is so versatile that, for a reason or for enough, the credits of almost any episode left me somewhat disconcerted. The Sopranos is the most powerful and addictive series that I have seen in general, and its maximums are so amazing that I would have to call it my favorite program despite the moot minimums (most of which I do not agree). <br /> <br /> Whether you love or hate the ending, or what you do about it is irrelevant: the discussion you have created is an achievement in itself. The iconic nature of the whole series makes it an essential part of the history of television. There are many elements so that anyone can love and marvel at this show, so if you are thinking of seeing something else, do yourself a favor and do it all.
