Although "The Sopranos" is another gift from the megahit "The Godfather" and its sequels, which dramatized and to some extent made the mafia show off plot, "The Sopranos" takes another course. They are not prepared, classy mobsters here with houses in Lake Tahoe and gambling in Las Vegas casinos - these are goombahs, with a waste management front, dealing with things that fall off the back of trucks, topless bars, protection money - in short, what the neighborhood mobs were about. <br /> <br /> Colorful characters dominate this series, which does not stop sex and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a mafia boss with a wife and two children, who live in New Jersey, who suffers panic attacks while trying to balance his biological family with his mafia. To get to the bottom of his attacks, he sees a psychiatrist, Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him and, at the same time, attracted to him. Tony's trusted man: Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Junior (the head of the mafia), his good friend Pussy, are all complete characters. <br /> <br /> As we learn through the series, there are enemies not only from the outside, but from within, and one of those enemies includes the sickly but horrible mother of Tony (Nancy Marchand), who convinces Junior that Tony is a danger to him. Tony's sister, Janice, meanwhile, is looking for money at her mother's house with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has problems as a lover, and a wife (Edie Falco) who supports him a lot because he loves him, while maintaining ties with his Catholic religion. "The church frowns at divorce," he tells a woman who is contemplating a breakup. "May the Pope live with him," is the answer. As for the problems of Tony's lover, her psychiatrist points out that Tony is attracted to demanding women for whom nothing is enough, and asks if it sounds familiar. Yes, it sounds like his mother. <br /> <br /> I am of Italian descent, and yes, I am tired of being shown to the Italians in a negative light and all assume that all Italians are mafiosi. However, you can not help but like this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (It is pointed out that Thanksgiving Day is not turkey and sweet potato pie: it is the antipasto, the manicotti, the meatballs and the escarole, and then the bird). Not to mention, the correct pronunciation of words like melenzana (mullinyan), escarole (escarole), manicotti (manigot), etc. The only thing that is not Tony's Italian is that he does not have a finished basement, something unheard of in the rest of my family (except that my parents never had one). <br /> <br /> The highlights of this program are Gandolfini, like a ruthless gangster with antidepressants, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and Bracco as the tortured Jennifer. But all are excellent. If you can take violence and language, this is a great show, a relentless portrait of the life of the New Jersey mafia.
