I can not add much to the positive reviews that are already here: great acting, balanced writing, multifaceted characters, a great antihero in Tony, a great commentary on millennial American life. The integral use of psychiatry along with the problems of Tony's mother is especially cool and fun. Several other characters add a lot of depth: the interesting story of Hesh as a muscular stranger in, the total irredeemable insensitivity of Ralphie, the dual desires of Chris in life, and so on. <br /> <br /> I have to delve into some of the however, the criticisms, especially the 'glorify violence / belittle Italian-Americans'. Most of the writers and actors are Italian-Americans, would they attack themselves? There are several positive Italian-American characters: Artie Bucco, the chef, Dr. Melfi and her family and the Cusamanos next to the Sopranos. In fact, Dr. Melfi's ex-husband points out in Season 1 that only a small minority of Italian-Americans have had connections with the Mafia (certainly less than the proportion of African-Americans involved in the crime, I daresay. both cases, poverty and lack Opportunities are the biggest causes). <br /> <br /> Most of the characters do not really choose the life they have; Family background or circumstances largely corner them in it. Outsiders (including Italian actions) who try to integrate into it tend to have distressing ends: Matthew and his friend in season 2, for example. If you criticize this program, I assume that Frasier made you want to be a psychiatrist or did Will & Grace make you want to be a homosexual? Presumably he will not listen to rap music that discusses gangs, or r'n'b, that discusses promiscuity, or rock music that discusses drugs (or any other combination)? People are not as stupid as some of you do ... <br /> <br /> However, not everything is perfect. Many characters have only appeared once, when logically they should have been seen or at least mentioned in previous episodes: Tracee the dancer, Meadow's friend, Ally, Uncle Junior's girlfriend (supposedly for 20 years until they broke up in season 1).
