Not only the stories in "The Sopranos" attract audiences from all over, but I think (at least for me) what makes the spectators act again. (Neither you, Gary, can refute that statement) James Gandolfini, who plays the protagonist, Tony Soprano, has become (in the opinion of this viewer) one of the "Hollywood Elites" in terms of acting in a series of TV. I would not continue comparing him with Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least, not yet. He, however, does a great job playing Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has grown as an actor (mainly thanks to his role in The Sopranos) that today is considered one of the best in the business. And it's not just him. "The Sopranos" has a great supporting cast, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese and the late Nancy Marchand, who played Tony's terrible mother. At this point in the existence of the program, it is considered a cult classic and rightly so. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and quite frightening in a fairly frequent way, but without a doubt, extraordinarily done. The third season was excellent, but it was not up to the exaggerations of seasons 1 and 2. Season 4, which ended just before the new years, was the weakest season (or at least, in my opinion, what It was) . Despite the drought, I still found it (season 4 of "The Sopranos") more entertaining than most of its competitors, and that's a lot because lately I've noticed a trend in the new television shows. Examples of this: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Curb Your Enthusiasm, and OZ (which technically is not a new show, but ended with an unforgettable final season this year). However, to return to my point, consider a show better than all the competition during a particularly bad year, no less, it is a great achievement on the part of the writers. "The Sopranos" is above and beyond all the other television programs of its time and its writers deserve a lot of credit. In closing, I would like to say, "The Sopranos" are the true friends. For the average mature viewer (17 or older) who enjoys the drama and does not mind mixing in a little bit of violence and blasphemy, you may want to watch "The Sopranos" if you have the opportunity. Trust me it will be worth the time.
