This is a great example of a good and silly movie. No, it is not art in any way. The script is also not close to a Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. AND THAT! The Killer Tomatoes series (four films and a cartoon series) are basically good-natured creatures who happily trample on the kind of territory the Zuckers ruled before switching to serious films. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, this The fourth installment of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy is about the Killer Tomatoes plot against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (the third time in the position of John Astin) has a plan to govern France through an ancient prophecy about the return of the legitimate king of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato that wants to be a sports commentator and turns out to be a dead man for the true king of France, lost a long time ago. Obviously, he also plays the aforementioned ll t K of F, happily stringing the French language. <br /> <br /> Facing them is the intrepid Fuzzy Tomato (like the others, FT was featured in the second film and would be a main theme character in the cartoon) and its human allies. Mark Price, recently unemployed as a result of the conclusion of the series FAMILY TIES, plays a slightly disguised version of himself, and poses as "Michael J Fox" as a way to win the girl of his dreams. And Angela Visser is a dream like Marie, bouncing happily between blatant virginal sexuality and borderline psychosis. Oh, that the former Miss Holland had had more than one film career! Another recurring member of the stock company Killer Tomatoes is Rick Rockwell (now better known as the unfortunate subject of the title "Who Wants to Marry a Millionaire?"). As co-creator John De Bello, Rockwell works both in front of and behind the camera in this series. <br /> <br /> What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not much, really, except that he had a unique vision and managed to achieve it and, once this is done, he has apparently fallen into darkness. John, if you ever see this, thank you for giving us the Killer Tomatoes. <br /> <br /> The script is very conscious, but it is not unpleasant, aware that this is just a movie. Like RETURN OF THE KILLER TOMATOES, the action sometimes strays from the stage and gets into the center of the film crew. And Mark Price has a fun forum to complain about his own lack of success compared to his former partner Michael J Fox. This is the biggest budget of all the Killer Tomatoes movies and it's a good farewell to the series. Granted, the show moved to Fox Kids as a cartoon series (which was also pretty smart), but the cartoons are not the same.
