I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and I have it in my video collection, since it is one of my favorites. What interests me is how when MIDNIGHT COWBOY came out in 1969, it was so shocking to the viewers that it had a grade of X. Of course, at that time X meant Maturity. Since I was only two years old at the time of the premiere of the film, it is difficult for me to imagine how surprised the audience was at that time. However, when I try to keep in mind that many of the topics covered in the film, which included prostitution (the title itself was a lingo for a male prostitute); homosexuality; loneliness; Physical (and to some extent emotional) and drug abuse are hard for many people to talk about today, I can begin to get an idea of ​​what the viewers of this film remembered at its launch. It is worth noting that in the 1970s, MIDNIGHT COWBOY was reduced to an R rating and, although it still has an R rating, some of the scenes could almost have a PG-13 rating by current standards . <br /> <br /> I would like to briefly give a synopsis of the plot, although it is probably known to almost everyone who has heard about the film. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck, from Texas, who decides he can triumph as a male con man in New York City by escorting rich women. Emulate cowboy actors like Roy Rogers wearing a cowboy outfit thinking that will impress women. After being rejected by all the women he has met, he meets a scammer of poor quality named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, who is played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinces Joe that he can earn all kinds of money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe is ripped off and quickly becomes homeless. However, Joe meets Ratso and is invited to stay in a dilapidated apartment. Without revealing much more of the plot, I want to say that the rest of the film deals with Joe and Ratso when they try to help each other in an attempt to fulfill their dreams. THAT IS TO SAY. Joe does it like a gigolo and Ratso goes to Florida, where he thinks he can regain his health. <br /> <br /> I want to make some comments about the movie itself. First of all, the performance is excellent, especially the drivers. Although the movie is really very sad from beginning to end, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that, although they do not pretend to be fun, I find them funny. For example, there is a classic scene in which Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight walk down a street in the city and a taxi practically runs over them. Dustin Hoffman hits the taxi and says "Hey, I'm walking here! I'm walking here!" I love this scene because it is very typical of New York City, where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene in which Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a guy named O'Daniel. What's funny is that at the beginning, we think that O'Daniel is there to recruit gigolos and he can see why Joe is so excited, but then we begin to realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a religious madman. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I love the scene in which Ratso and Joe argue in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy outfit only attracts homosexuals and Joe says in self-defense "John Wayne! that a fagot! "What I like is the delivery in that scene. <br /> <br /> I would say that even though MIDNIGHT COWBOY was established in the late 60s, much of this sounds true today. This is because even though the area around 42nd Street in New York has been cleaned up in the form of Disneyfication in recent years, homelessness is still as prevalent here as it was 40 years ago. In addition, many people have unrealistic dreams about how they will succeed only to make their dreams shatter, as was the case with Jon Voight's character. One thing that impresses me about the character of Jon Voight is that he is a survivor and I felt that by the end of the film, he had matured a lot and that Ratso (the character of Dustin Hoffman) was a good influence for him. <Br /> <br /> In conclusion, I want to say that I suggest that when seeing this movie, one should see it at least a couple of times because there are many things that happen. For example, there are a lot of flashbacks and dream sequences that made more sense to me after a couple of visits. Also, what I find interesting is that there is a lot in this movie that is left to play, like what really happened with Joe Buck (the character of Jon Voight) and the people who were in his life in Texas. Even the ending, although I do not want to give it away to those who have not seen the film, is rather open.
