Acid, tireless and beautiful, John Schlesinger's masterpiece is no less effective today than 35 years ago, when American life was even more disorienting. The film probably could not have been made at any other time in history, because at the end of the sixties there were so many upheavals: the final dissolution of the Great American West, the intensification of the war in Vietnam and the clash of social ideals that They were disconcerting in variety. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' is widely known as the only Academy Award winning film to get an 'X' rating, but there is much more behind its fame; It also exceeds the norm as a work of art. While this film (from the novel by James Leo Herlihy) has much to say about the erosion of American life, it transcends the politics of the 60s by analyzing the hidden links of friendship and dealing with issues familiar to man in all periods . The two main characters, in fact, are standard antiheroes: men who have nothing great to offer, but a lot to vent about our world. <br /> <br /> The initial focus of 'Midnight Cowboy' is at 28 years of age. Joe Buck, a physically imposing Texas native played by Jon Voight. In the opening scenes, we followed Joe's bus ride to New York City, where he plans to use one of his few genuine talents, the ability to please women, and earn his fortune as a con man. We learn upon arrival that Joe is ridiculously naive in the sex trade. Dressed in cowboy clothes and proclaiming himself to be "a hell of a stallion", the young Texan goes through his first tricks before associating with Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly swindler and thief from the Bronx. Ratso, who is short, thin and lame, shows little monetary help for Joe. They quickly run out of cash and, as life gets worse in the winter months, Joe and Ratso shudder in a condemned apartment building in Manhattan with barely a dollar or square food in their name. It is during this period that a strong friendship develops between them, the two men trusting each other to fight against tremendous odds. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, Joe remembers the previous years in Texas, including life with his life. Grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who served as tutor; their relationship spoiled with 'Crazy' Annie (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and a traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were assaulted by people in the city who wanted to break the romance. For much of his time, 'Midnight Cowboy' combines a variety of flashbacks, dream sequences and psychedelic images that shed light on the main characters while distorting their backgrounds. More questions about their lives are generated for every moment of understanding we get from Joe and Ratso. Both men are undoubtedly in tatters; they do not have a clear sense of direction until Ratso falls in the middle of the illness and Joe finally feels the purpose of being alive. This revelation leads to 'Midnight Cowboy' to its conclusion, quite hopeful in a very dark story. <br /> <br /> While Joe and Ratso need a bit of luck, John Schlesinger's direction is clearly delineated and uses the harsh The atmosphere of the Waldo Salt script allows Voight and Hoffman to thrive. Their interactions seem extremely natural and the cast of support, which features Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro and members of the Andy Warhol clique, is offered as an essential part of the story. The flashback sequences involving Voight, Ruth White and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive in dealing with the anguish of lost time. <br /> <br /> Any young person who wonders about the psychedelic era is advisable to see this film, thanks to the excellent photography of Adam Holender ('The Boy Who Could Fly', 'Smoke') and edition of Hugh Robertson ( 'Shaft'). The images of 'Midnight Cowboy' work with their soundtrack (assembled by John Barry) as a cohesive unit, sometimes anticipating music videos from the last two decades. The main song, Everybody's Talking, is sung by Nilsson, which was actually used as a temporary track during the editing phase. The memorable theme of the harmonica is played by Jean 'Toots' Thielemans. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' has been released in a collector's edition of two MGM / UA albums, which contains expanded features and commentary. Also available is a 1998 DVD version (used for this review), which offers dual widescreen format and standard format with 5.1 Dolby Digital sound enhancement; Subtitles in three languages ​​and subtitles; French dubbing; a theatrical relaunch trailer (not the "original" as advertised); and an eight-page production brochure. Both editions of DVD contain a restored version for the 25th anniversary of the film, showing its original brightness. Well deserved for his three Oscars (best film, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), "Midnight Cowboy" will secure his place in the list of immortal classics. <br /> <br /> *** ½ of 4
