Joe Buck (Jon Voight) decides that he will leave his little life in Texas and triumph in Big City. The women are there to ask and the men are mainly "tutti-fruttis". With his eyes open, he arrives in New York City, without being prepared for the series of humiliating misadventures he experiences, one worse than the other. In the midst of this chaos, he meets and befriends Rico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffmann), a homeless man who lives in a seemingly doomed building. <br /> <br /> There is not much history Like MIDNIGHT COWBOY is a series of vignettes designed to present not only the sufferings of Joe Buck in the city, but also in his past and show us fragments of semi-psychedelic dream sequences of his past: his failed relationship with his girlfriend Annie (Jennifer Salt), who was raped in a group, his mother for his abandonment, and the apparent abuse of his grandmother, who also had the habit of crushing men for money. An air of pessimism dominates the film almost from the melancholy beginning when Nilsson interprets throughout the opening credits of his deceptively flowery "Everybody talks"; We believe that even if we want Joe to finally make his mark in the City, the odds are high, he will not and he will end up working for pennies in a job with no future, shown in a masterful shot from his exterior point of view. the movie while watching a man work as a dishwasher in a dining room through a window and see himself. We know from the look in his eyes that he does not want to end up like that. <br /> <br /> A dark story of frustrated hopes, John Schlesinger creates disturbing images of lost souls in the late 60s, and in the end. In the center, the friendship that prevails between two men as they struggle to give some meaning to their lives in the midst of the difficult achievement of a dignified life. There is the implicit notion that they may have been lovers: Ratso approaches to hug Joe at the party scene and his final embrace at the end certainly points to this, but this is essentially a movie of friends, one that manages to survive. literally, until death, and bring some form of hope to Joe, who in the end in Florida seems much more changed, older, wiser.
