It's not exactly the timeless masterpiece you'd expect to be based on the acclaim you got, but the "Midnight Cowboy" of 1969 is still a showcase for two young actors who are appearing at that moment. Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, the film seems to be a product of its time, at the end of the sixties, when American films were especially expressionist, but it is still a spell because the story is reduced to themes of loneliness and bonding that resonate no matter in what period The cinematic influence of the film can still be felt in the tacit emotionalism found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain." <br /> <br /> The serpentine plot follows Joe Buck, a naive young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a studios to rent for rich women. Full of energy, but without any intelligence, he fails miserably, but is not willing to concede defeat despite his declining finances. Meet a cynical and sickly thief named "Ratso" Rizzo, who sees Joe as an easy pawn. The two become dependent on each other, and Rizzo starts to handle Joe. Things come to a head at a psychedelic party infested with drugs where Joe finally gets a paying customer. Meanwhile, Rizzo gets sick and the two leave for Florida to seek a better life. This is not a story that appeals to all, in fact, some may find it repulsive that a scammer and a thief become compassionate figures, but their problems feel increasingly authentic. <br /> <br /> In his first main role, Jon Voight is ideally chosen when he brings out Joe's lack of confidence and sexual insecurities. Like Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully changes his clean and post-graduate image of "The Graduate" and immerses himself in personal degradation and hope that acts as a counterpoint oddly compatible with Joe. The honesty of his portraits is complemented by Schlesinger's cinematic treatment, which vividly captures the misery of the Times Square district at that time. The director also effectively inserts flashbacks and fantasy sequences to complete the character's fragile psyches. Credit should also go to Salt for not allowing widespread cynicism to overwhelm the path of history. The other performances are merely incidental to the journeys of the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro as the woman Joe encounters at the party, Sylvia Miles as a midwife, John McGiver as a religious fanatic and Barnard Hughes as a solitary lone. . . <br /> <br /> The 2006 two-disc DVD package contains a pristine print transfer of the 1994 restoration and the informative commentary of producer Jerome Hellman, since, unfortunately, neither Schlesinger nor Salt are still alive. There are three fabulous features on the second album: a retrospective documentary, "After midnight: Reflections on a classic 35 years later," which features commentaries by Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and related footage, such as as a Voight screen test; "Controversy and Acclaim", which examines the genesis of the initial 'X' rating of the film and the public response to the film; and a tribute to the director, "Celebrating Schlesinger."
