"Midnight Cowboy" by John Schlesinger is perhaps the most notable for being the only X-rated film in the history of the Academy that received the Oscar for best film. That's how I got to hear it for the first time and, to be completely honest, I did not expect much from the movie. This does not mean that I thought it would be horrible, but somehow I did not consider it as the kind of movie I would like to see. This is one of the reasons why you should never trust your own instincts in such manners. a remarkable combination of stellar performance, ambitious direction and a memorable soundtrack ("Everyone speaks to me, I do not hear a word of what they say") make this film one of the best explorations of life, naivety and friendship of all. <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (the then-newcomer Jon Voight), proudly dressed as a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York to look for a new life as a scammer, a male prostitute. However, women do not seem willing to pay money for their services, and Joe faces living in extreme poverty as his money supply begins to run out. During these exploits, Joe meets Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sick and paralyzed swindler who initially tries to swindle Joe with all his money. When they realize that both are in the same situation, Ratso offers Joe a place to stay and, working together, they try to make (largely dishonest) live in the cold and gritty metropolis of New York. <Br /> <br /> Joe had convinced himself that the women of New York would be more than willing to pay for sex; however, his first business of this type ends with him, paying with guilt to the woman (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Although it could be considered something intelligent, Ratso is as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful limp and his persistent cough, always makes sure that, if only he could travel to the warmth of Miami, somehow everything would be fine. This false expectation that things will improve so easily recalls Lennie and George, John Steinbeck's classic novel, 'Of Mice and Men'. <br /> <br /> Shot largely on the streets of New York, 'Midnight Cowboy' is a realistic aspect of life in the slums. When we watch the movie, we can almost feel inside Ratso's squalid, unheated residence, with joints stiff from the pain of the cold of winter. The performance undoubtedly contributes to this ultra-realism, since both Voight and Hoffman masterfully portray the two decaying feces of modern society. Hoffman, in particular, is exceptional in his role (I'm walking here! I'm walking here!), Managing to avoid being pigeonholed after his praised 1967 debut in "The Graduate." Both stars were nominated later for the Oscars. Best Actor (also nominated to act "disconcertingly" was Sylvia Miles, for an appearance that could not have been for more than five minutes), although both eventually lost to John Wayne in 'True Arena.' "Midnight Cowboy" finally won three Oscars of seven nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Schlesinger and Best Writing for Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is mainly said linearly, although there are numerous flashbacks They point to Joe's past Instead of explicitly explaining what these short excerpts are about, the audience is invited to think for themselves and how these circumstances could have led Joe to the path he is following. beautifully painful, it leaves us with a glimmer of hope, but with great uncertainty, incredible, stimulating and intensely fascinating, "Midnight Cowboy" is one for the age.
