['Midnight Cowboy opens with a tour of Drive In Theater with the voiceover of the main character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. He is singing a cowboy song, just as he strives to be. Joe resumes his daily life in Texas and moves her to New York City with the dreams of many women and even more money. He dresses like the cowboy&#39;s epitome, but in a caricatured way, not even his friends take it seriously. He begins his trip on the bus to New York and we can quickly see how diluted Joe is through his interactions with the other passengers. This is primarily a story of Joe&#39;s realization of the harsh real-world realities. <br /><br /> He starts out as a very naive Southerner who thinks he can do it in New York City just because of his good looks. He has no other reason to think otherwise, since they proved useful in the past; We learn this from the many flashbacks you have. At first, flashbacks are recorded in a way that portrays them as something whimsical. They are nebulous and the voices sound as if they came from a great distance, as they are, they are coming out of their past. However, as Joe deepens more and more into the reality of New York&#39;s harsh atmosphere, we see more of his past, which is no longer capricious but gritty, shot in black and white with a quick edit to portray the cruel nature of past events. This is especially seen in the flashback of him and his girlfriend being assaulted, and his rape. In one of these flashbacks we see a building being torn down brick by brick. This reflects the way Joe himself is falling apart; the naivety that once led is falling from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in misery and can barely eat to eat; Joe is realizing that he can not live from his appearance, that there is a weak point in New York that he did not imagine. Your subconscious reflects the way your real life is developing. <br /><br /> Ratso also serves as a kind of mirror for Joe, but in an opposite way; Ratso is the role of Joe. Joe is a handsome and strong man who, for the most part, has a good external appearance. Ratso, on the other hand, from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe in the bar, we can say that it is the opposite. It is short, dark and always covered in a sheen of sweat. He understands how the world works, that it is relentless, and sometimes, no matter how hard you try, you will fail; just as his father did. They live in the same world, even in the same apartment, but they understand things on a completely different level. <br /><br /> The theme of alienation, one that is common in this era, is very evident in this film. Neither Joe nor Ratso fit into the culture that surrounds them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to New York, where he is still a stranger. Ratso, who lives in the cold of New York, wants to move to sunny Florida, where he believes he can find a good life. Even though this is his ideal, in the fantasy that we get from Ratso&#39;s perspective, it is evident that he knows that he will never really fit into society. In this fantasy, the people around him excite him, he is once again a stranger, alien to society. <br /><br /> It is not until the end that the gap between Joe and Ratso begins to narrow. Joe resorts to violence; He assumes the mentality of this city to get money to finance a means of escape for Florida for himself and for Ratso. On the trip, we see Joe leaving a store that does not wear the cowboy clothes he never lacks in the rest of the movie. He is dressed as someone who seems to go to Florida on vacation. Dress Ratso in the same way; He tires to make them fit into the new society they are entering, but to no avail. After Ratso&#39;s death on the bus, his travel companions once again see them as strangers. Even in this new culture they have entered, they can not escape the alienation they have encountered at every step in this film. Despite the death of Ratso and Joe&#39;s continued alienation, the film ends with the hope that Joe can take his new knowledge of how the world works and create a better life than he would have had as a con man in New York. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film that portrays the harsh reality of society and alienation, with stellar performances by both Voight and Hoffman.']
