Horror is perhaps one of two genres where logic does not always win over the imagination. We all know that killers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to withstand the amount of pain they suffer and continue living to fight another day. Most of us do not believe that zombies really get up from the dead to stalk people and eat their brains. And let's hope that at least some people know that when you enter places like Funhouses and old mansions, you will not commit indescribable crimes against them. This is where the imagination defeats the facts. The horror, and most of the movies in general, forces us to suspend our disbelief for a couple of hours and go with the flow. Usually, this is not a problem when I see balls that bounce when they are thrown down the stairs in George C. Scott or when I see an invisible force stalking three amateur filmmakers in the woods near Burketsville. But what I do have a problem digesting (without wanting to regurgitate) is when a movie has a killer like this movie. Giving away who is the killer would really be a great spoiler and would eliminate all the fun of seeing it for yourself, but suffice it to say that I enjoyed this movie until the final scene when the killer is revealed. There are too many events in the film that mean that it makes sense for the killer to be who he is. But the 90 minutes prior to this point is a well made film, suspense and blood soaked, directed by John Hough, with great grace and skill. If the movie had offered me a different killer, I would actually be enraged. This may sound like a completely absurd reason to discredit the movie, but believe me, anyone who has seen the movie agrees with me. <br /> <br /> John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (played beautifully by Erin Flannery) have recently moved to this small town in New England. Cordell is a recent widow and it is unclear how his wife died. We see several flashback scenes where a mysterious woman (you can only assume she is his wife) lies on the ground during a torrential downpour. His face is bloodied and his eyes closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and what relevance she has to the story, but she's there anyway. Cassevetes, it must be mentioned, it is strange to say the least. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems to be little more than a simple father. There are a few scenes that hint at incestuous possibilities. It never comes to fruition, but it seems to be omnipotent, but somewhere just below the proverbial carpet. Fortunately, the movie never really explores this element of the relationship, but it makes you feel a little uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes looks like a cross between the porn actor John Leslie and the great James Caan. He has a deceptive smile and a manly and dominant voice that makes you sit down and pay attention. But he also seems to be about to undress during a business lunch in each scene. He only has that way of speaking, disgust, false, phlegmatic and uncomfortable. It never seems that you can really trust this movie. I suppose that is a merit for the writers, the director and for Cassevetes himself. There was always something that bothered me about his character from the beginning. <br /> <br /> The story begins with an excellent note, since two would be lovers who swim in the local quarry. There's an old ramshackle barn nearby and, as we can see, something or someone is watching them. When the young man disappears briefly to get something out of the truck, the young woman enters the shed, only to make a joke. Once she is there, she is attacked. The young man rushes to the shed to find it and is impaled with a board and a nail. Hough cleverly prepares us for the reward launch when the young man enters. He looks frantically around the room and sees his possible lover bleeding in the corner, and then smiles, the boy understands. It is a very tense moment and begins the movie with the correct note. <br /> <br /> A young man named Tim who seems to have strange dreams of a faceless woman is also introduced into the tangled marriage of a story. Woman is tied in a torture chamber surrounded by men with cloaks covering their faces. Tim seems to think that his dreams have something to do with the murders because every time a murder happens, he has another dream. Mix a calm and turgid grandmother, a meritorious reporter and a strong but venal local sheriff, and you will have all the necessary ingredients to create the elements of a mess in the small town of Galen. <br /> <br /> Throughout The film kills more people, but most of the time, men are sacrificed with extreme prejudice and women are raped. This is my first weak (and careful) attempt to tell you that this is what did not convince me with the outcome. It just did not hit the right chord. <br /> <br /> The Incubus is a well-made movie. It is tense, tight and even most of the performances are very well done. He was intrigued by Tim's dreams and was anxious to know what they meant to the story and, ultimately, to the murders. But when you finish with everything that was good in the movie, you still have that scathing taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweets. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10-- This could have been a nine. Too.
