If you ever have the chance to see Sandra Bernhard in person, it's better that you do it, darling. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of her Everything Bad and Beautiful tour and I still can not believe she was in the front row, and I was lucky enough to experience such a phenomenal show. She is now in New York with the program and coincides with the launch of her innovative stunner, "Without you I am nothing". We have lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is missing in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues poking her head from time to time, but Sandra more than makes up for what Babs leaves. Well, I want you to know, Ms. Bernhard is a bit of these influential artists and more. I really wanted to promote this film for its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (ranging from Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and a script that defines decadence, joy, sadness, the ups and downs of the years 70. and the 80's. It is my opinion that many (and I mean, MANY) comics have disappeared, is well stolen, both this program, if not the same Sandra. I will not give names, but come on, people, you and I know who they are. Look, the thing is, Bernhard plays according to his own rules. This film shows, like her live performances, that she is an interpreter who has remained faithful to the old school of shows, as well as moving forward. Their performances are reminiscent of smoke-filled jazz clubs (during the era of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), television shows from the 70s, intimate cabaret acts and concerts that remind everyone from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians can not even touch where Sandra is coming from or where she is going. So, here I was, a year ago, watching Sandra at the Silent Movie Theater, with total astonishment and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show, give her something that would mean something to me, that I wish it would mean something to her. But I listen to my copy of Giving Til it Hurts, and I only thank you in a prayer, in some way for making me laugh, make me think, make me feel. You can not deny the presence of this lady and you certainly can not deny the talent that has just left the stage. She's still here, damn it, even after the release of Sin ti I'm nothing, about 15 years ago. And she looks very good, by the way. I know it firsthand, walking from the theater, one member of the audience said to another: "She is VERY FUN ... and it still looks amazing! If you still can not experience her life, please watch this movie. As for me, I hope that Sandra sees this, you have meant a lot to me, she has made me go through difficult and difficult times, if you can send me an email, do it, if not, knowing that she is still kicking it. doing it, it's enough for me, come on, people, leave it for the Lady!
