In Pet Sematary's question and answer section, it is mentioned that George Romero (director of two Stephen King stories, Creepshow and The Dark Half) was ready to direct and then retired. One wonders what would have contributed to the film, since the director Mary Lambert, although not really a bad director, does not really bring such imagination to this adaptation of the novel by King, who wrote the script. Of course, there are some very effective and grotesquely surreal scenes (involving mainly Sister Zelda, which are probably more disgusting for children if they watch the movie), and the casting in some of the roles is perfect. But sometimes you feel something is missing, some kind of style that could correspond to the unmistakable atmosphere of Rey, which in this case is as morbid as you are going to be without the uncomfortable cannibals that rise from the thrown tombs (who knows if you saved that for your final novel ...) <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, part of the casting is excellent, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, the little boy who happens to be one of the most cute on this side of a horror movie of the 80s, to be a little monster (I mean it as a compliment, of course, especially in scenes that brandish a certain scalpel). And there's also a juicy supporting role for Fred Gwynne of the Munsters, who plays this old secret man with the right notes of low play and doom in tone. And the applause goes to who made the makeup of Andrew Hubatsek. But there are other flaws in the other casting; Dale Midkiff is good, not excellent, since Creed, the troubled and disturbed figure of the father, and his daughter Ellie is played by an actress who simply did not work at all. <br /> <br /> In terms of setting some chilling scenes, only one couple really stood out: a certain moment of thickening of the plot (not to spoil, it implies a fresh Ramones song), and the first visit to the mascot semataria (the largest), including the kind of mystical connotations that King had in the glow. For the most part it is a very polished direction work, although it could have gotten even darker to correspond with the script. If we think in logical terms (although in King's terms) it is really one of his most effective works of the period. But it does not work as it could, or should. Still, it makes for a small witty midnight movie.
