Louis Creed, a doctor from Chicago, moves to a large house near a small town, as he will teach at the University of Maine. Along with him, is his wife Rachel and their two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as Ellie's cat, Church. Soon, they met their new neighbor, and an old man named Judd Crandall. Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel about the danger that is the road that goes through his house (which is a form constantly used by large trucks), but also shows the Family a pet cemetery that is close to his home. Judd begins to talk about the importance of the pet cemetery, but Rachel is opposed to talking about death and spirituality with her children, as she has traumas for the death of her sister Zelda. <br /> <br /> During the first week of As a family of the new house, Louis already has dead people to deal with: Victor Pascow, a student who was seriously injured in a car accident, directs his last words to Louis personally, even though the two men are strangers. On the night after Pascow's death, Louis experiences what he believes is a very vivid dream in which he meets Pascow, who takes him to the pet cemetery and warns Louis not to "go further, no It matters what you feel you need. " Louis wakes up in bed the next morning convinced that it was only a dream, until he discovers his feet and sheets covered with earth and pine needles. Anyway, he dismisses the dream. Many strange things begin to happen and Church, Ellie's cat, dies while walking on the road. Louis is still worried about how he will talk about Church's death with Ellie, but Judd, sympathizing with him, Judy takes Louis to the pet cemetery, supposedly to bury Church. But instead of stopping there, Jud takes Louis further on a terrifying trip to the "royal cemetery": an old cemetery that was once used by the Micmac ('... Indians ...'). There Louis buries the cat following Jud's instructions, and Jud says that the animals buried there have come back to life. And that's where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> Personally, I find this movie very good. It's not the most horrible of all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've seen. The way Gage dies, it is almost impossible not to remain in his memory, especially being a small child. It's great to see Stephen King's cameo as funeral minister. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some script errors: How can a rich doctor with two small children go to live in a place where there is? A dangerous road near your house? How does Gage have no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why does Louis continue to resurrect all the members of his family knowing that they are all going to stay like monsters? Things like that do not make any sense, but I can understand that all horror scripts must have some surreal ideas to work with. <br /> <br /> Something good that I saw in this movie, is the need to talk. Death with children, no matter what their religion is or if you are an atheist, and also that avoiding important issues does not help at all. Because Louis was afraid to be honest with Ellie, confronting her and saying that her cat would not come back again, the whole nightmare began.
