"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of Stephen King's novel of the same title. The story follows the Creeds: a middle class family, all Americans, who move to a house in the country. The family is made up of Louis and Rachel, and their two young children, Ellie and their little son, Gage. The house could not be better, and the family meets a strange but kind old man, Jud, who lives on the other side of the road. One day, he takes them along an old path to the forest where there is a pet cemetery, full of a lot of animal tombs. And beyond there, there is a sacred Indian cemetery that seems to possess a strange power. When the family cat, Church, is killed, Louis sees that it is okay to bury him in the pet cemetery, and, curiously, shortly after, Church comes back to life. But now there is something wrong with him, he is not the same cat he used to be. And when a tragic accident takes the life of the young Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept with the hope of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately, he receives more than he expected. <br /> <br /> Having read Stephen King's novel, I can say that the book is much better than the movie. It does not mean that the movie is bad, because it is not, the book is a bit better. The true strength of this film lies in its history, which is both strange but extremely original, something for which King's stories are generally known. The script is very well adapted from the story, and although it differs slightly in some aspects, it's a pretty good transformation from page to screen. There are some holes in the plot here and there, but nothing important. On top of that, this movie is actually quite scary, and it succeeds in its intention to do so. There are some really disturbing scenes throughout the film, and I must say that the flashback sequence of Rachel's sister, Zelda, is number one. Honestly, that's one of the most unpleasant and disturbing things I've seen in a horror movie: it's not bloody and bloody, it's just disgusting. One thing is for sure, that image will not leave your head in the short term. <br /> <br /> The performances in this movie were very even and I really did not have any problems. This movie is really on the bloody side, there are a lot of nasty little sequences to please all gore hounds, including the surprise of an ending. I really liked the way they finished the movie, it was abrupt and somewhat conclusive, but it worked better that way with all the things considered. <br /> <br /> In general, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie that "I recommend to those who are fans of Stephen King or just fans of the genre in general." The story is the movie's biggest asset and It is also chilling, one of the best adaptations of Stephen King, I would say.
