The Ring was created with the only script that Hitchcock wrote himself and treats, as many of his first images do, with a love triangle. At first glance, it seems a more cynical update of Cecil B. De Mille's morality comedies with infidelity themes, but more than that, it is Hitchcock's first truly competent image. Even if he was not yet using the ideas and motives of thrillers of suspense, at least he was developing the tools with which to create suspense. <br /> <br /> Besides being a student of the German expressionist style, the rhythm Sergei Eisenstein's editing style had its impact on Hitchcock. But here it maintains the rhythm not only with the editions, but also with the content of the images. This is evident from the opening shots, where the rides at the fairground rotate brilliantly to establish a smooth rhythm. And like Eisenstein, does the editing style seem to suggest a sound? For example, when an image of a fraction of a second of the bell is fired, we almost unconsciously hear the sound because the image is so discordant. <br /> <br /> There is also a contrast, particularly with the silent movies of US, in the sense that The Ring is not filled with too many title cards. Everything possible is transmitted through images, and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to read the lips or at least infer the meaning of most of the characters' discourse. And it is not done by artificial symbolism or overacting, everything is achieved with the right angles and the right moment, particularly with shots in the point of view, as well as with some strong but subtle performances. Unfortunately there are too many obvious Expressionist devices (particularly double exposures), many of which were not necessary, but there is much less of this than there is in The Lodger. <br /> <br /> Let's make some honorable mentions For the actors mentioned above. First, the incredibly handsome and very talented Carl Brisson in the lead role. Despite his talent, at first he was a little confused as to why he got the role, and to be honest, he looks more like a ballet dancer than a boxer! But that just shows what I know, since it turns out that Brisson was actually a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. Playing with his rival is the competent Ian Hunter, who will continue to have a long career in supporting roles until the 60s. The most demanding role in The Ring has to be the one given to Lillian Hall-Davis, divided between two lovers . She achieves it very well, however, with an emotional and discreet performance, and it is a pity that her career has never lasted in the era of sound. And last but not least, the great Gordon Harker provides comic relief in what is probably his best role. <br /> <br /> Ring's climate fight scene is among Hitchcock's most impressive moments in the silent era. Martin Scorcese may have had his eye on The Ring when he directed the fight scenes in Raging Bull, since his motto for these scenes was "Stay inside the ring". The fight in The Ring starts with some fairly regular long shots, but when the action intensifies, Hitchcock leaves us right in the middle, with close-ups and point-of-view shots. Hitchcock's goal always seems to have been to involve his audience, and this was crucial in his later career, where the secret to his success was often to immerse the viewer in the character's fear or paranoia. <br /> <br /> The Ring really deserves more recognition than the lower but better known The Lodger. It is a much more polished and professional job than the previous image, and probably the best of all its silent features.
