I consider myself the number one fan of Hidden Frontier, as I am among a small group of fans who have actually met most of these guys, well, without counting the conventions, of course. I have been watching Hidden Frontier since 2001, and I must say that I continue to be impressed by what these guys have discovered. <br /> <br /> Hidden Frontier is a creation of Rob Caves and his own studio. Areakt Pictures, which operates from the back of your house. While not as "sophisticated" as, say, the series New Voyages, based on TOS (which sometimes gets some of the actors / writers of the original series, such as Walter Koenig, also known as Mr. Chekov), Rob and the cast and crew of HF managed to create a series worthy of replacing that dreadful experiment we call "Enterprise". The most controversial and successful story arc has been the introduction of the first openly gay character of Star Trek, Corey Aster (who was introduced in the second season), and his search for a soulmate. Somewhere later in the series, he meets Jorian Zen, the rudder officer of the Excelsior Trill. In the line of recent history with these two characters (WARNING: GREATER SPOILER! Do not read if you have not seen the series so far!), Zen joins an exiled symbiote, causing a great change and some conflicts in His relationship with Aster. Although the future is uncertain, since the most recent episode, "Beachhead", was shown to HF fans in the chat room last night, I think this relationship will last, but only time will tell. <br /> <br /> Gene Roddenberry created Star Trek with the intention that the story be more about his characters instead of flashy space battles. Rob Caves created Hidden Frontier for the same reason, and this is what has made this series as popular as it is. As indicated in the previous comment, I would like to give you a rating higher than 10, but it will be enough. Although next season will be the last, following the tradition of seven seasonal programs initiated by Star Trek: The Next Generation, I'm willing to bet that we'll hear a lot about Hidden Frontier after the last episode.
