As a fan of the author John le Carré, little by little I have been studying both his books and their adaptations. I found this 1987 adaptation of Le Carre's masterpiece in my local library and sat down to see it thinking I would know what to expect. I was surprised to discover that my expectations had been exceeded in this miniseries, a good cross between a spy thriller and a human drama. <br /> <br /> Peter Egan gives a great performance as Magnus Pym, the perfect spy of the title. Continuing the long tradition of the strong main characters of Le Carre, Pym is also possibly the best. Egan plays Pym (which in fact contains many nuances of the author Le Carre) as a man forced to spend his whole life lying and betraying, sometimes by circumstances and sometimes just to survive with the consequence that he becomes "a perfect spy" " Egan interprets Pym to perfection as a man who always flees, if not from others, from himself. Egan only makes the approximately six hours of this miniseries worth it just for his performance. <br /> <br /> Surronding Egan is a fantastic cast. Ray McAnally offers one of his best performances as Pym's swindler, Rick, who (as Le Carre has said) relies heavily on the author's own father. McAnally plays a man who enters and leaves Pym's life and is responsible for Pym becoming "a perfect spy." In fact, if it were not for McAnally's performance a year after this in A Very British Coup, this would be the best performance of his sad and too short career. <br /> <br /> The rest of the support is also excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mother to Alan Howard as his spy mentor to Rüdiger Weigang when Pym's young friend turned Jane Booker into Pym's wife, the cast is fantastic. Special mention must be made of the three young actors who played the youngest Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor) who established the young man who would become the man who played so well. By Peter Egan <br /> <br /> The production values ​​of the miniseries are also strong. The adaptations of the miniseries of Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley's People showed that these stories can only be told in a miniseries format. The locations are excellent, from the locations in English to those that are scattered in Eastern Europe and the United States, as are the Chris Edwards sets. The cinematography of Elmer Cossey adds an extra layer of realism to the world of miniseries. However, the highlight of the miniseries is really the script. <br /> <br /> The screen writer Arthur Hopcraft tackled the work of adapting the novel of more or less 600 pages. The novel was largely (at least in its early parts) autobiographical in Pym's early life echoed much of the life of John le Carré. The script of this miniseries is no exception, since it traces the development of Magnus Pym from childhood to "a perfect spy". The miniseries never once deviates from its purpose of telling a good human drama in the context of the world of espionage. If someone wants a proof that a spy thriller can be tense and fascinating without having a single fight, a fist fight or a James Bond-style chase, this would be the test. While the miniseries lasts more than six hours, you never miss a moment and everything is better for it. <br /> <br /> Although it may be too long for some who do not have very short attention span here is a must see. From performances by Peter Egan and Ray McAnally to excellent production values ​​and an excellent literary script, A Perfect Spy is one of the best miniseries you can expect to see. It's a fascinating journey through the history of the Cold War, but it's more than that. It is also a journey through what John le Carré has called "the secret path": the way of the spy, the man who must lie and betray to survive. Both a human drama and a spy thriller, A Perfect Spy can not be missed.
