Tarzan and his companion (1934) was the only Tarzan film that I did not see as a child. It sounded boring. Now I have seen it. I have seen the monkey man (1932) about a hundred times and I keep a copy on my disk. It is an extraordinary movie. It is almost impeccable. Tarzan and his companion (1934) however, hesitate. It is not harmonious and its parts tend to live a life of their own. The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are great. Big expensive budget. Tarzan himself is a co-star. Jane dominates. She has developed and has become a jungle girl so sexy that I tend to forget criticism and sing her praises. All right. She let her be cheated by a cock that takes a kiss from her and then kills an elephant. She insists that Tarzan wear a bracelet that belonged to his father. Forever. The thing would break into pieces the moment he took care of his business in the jungle. Stupid? Later someone found him in the river. Well, it's supposed to prove that Tarzan is dead. A bit of cheap drama. Stupid people who have an obvious interest in a dead Tarzan convince Jane that he's gone. She takes her words for granted and wants to be taken (to England). The stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how hard Tarzan is, how hard it is to kill. The caravan leaves and Jane follows her. Again a bump. I could easily make the caravan rest for a few hours or more, to pick up some things and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead husband. She could be smart. He could dive where they found the floating bracelet, check the banks for traces. She can fire in 15 seconds and swing in Liana's. Picking up traces should not be too difficult for the jungle Jane. He could talk to the monkeys, and so on. If he came to England without doing this, he would become miserable. Jane is smart, but cheap drama defeats her. And why the hell is she letting the rapist kiss get away with it? "I blame myself as much as you." A punishment for being vane perhaps? Nonsense. Fight, a hard slap and tell Tarzan would be appropriate. Still. This film is far from bad, even if the potholes are many and sometimes deep. Just lie down and enjoy. It's Tarzan and Jane for the love of God.
