I have the complete Weissmuller Tarzan series on DVD (fully restored editions) and I never tire of seeing them. My personal favorite is "Tarzan and his partner", due in full (well, almost entirely) to Maureen O'Sullivan's suit and occasional flashes of his genital area under the leather flap that hangs in the front . Before someone says that A: It was not really her, or B: It was not really what it seems, let me tell you that I've seen it many times, in big zoom mode, and believe me ... it's IF she, and she's completely naked under that disguise ... several times, especially during the lion's attack at the end, careful observation in slow motion and maximum zoom will reveal that she was shaved, except for a small lock of dark hair that covers her lips. ... There is no mistake about that at all. As for the swimming scene is a double body in a "skin" suit, yes, it is a double, BUT she does not wear any "skin" suit or anything else ... again, slow motion and the maximum zoom shows everything for those who want to see it. Now, with that controversy out of the way, let's continue with the real movie ... I thought the script was very well thought out and written firmly ... The action sequences were just great, although obviously it's a double of risk riding the Rhino. Weissmuller actually fights against the big male lion ... The use of background shots that were second-unit things from Africa is very well mixed with the study and locations of EE. UU., What is sometimes difficult to know which is which. However, do not complain much, remember that 90% of all movies are fake, so relax and enjoy the damn thing with a large bowl of popcorn, some cold beer and a pack of freshly made cigarettes. .. the bride / wife willing is not out of place ... hehe. Oh ... One last word about nudity ... at first, while the white hunters talk, keep your eyes on the extras in the background ... there are several good pictures of nude African girls (obviously filmed in place) behind from them. One more thing, the film is not racist by the standards of the 1930s until the 1960s ... that was how people of color were thought and represented at the time. Shaft had not even been thought of at the time, nor would the public have accepted any other representation of them at the time of the story. The safaris actually used natives who had luggage on their heads ... and the character of Tiny died of a heroic death while trying to save the white hunters and Jane. In fact, it was not until Gene Autry treated Native Americans and people of color in their westerns as real human beings when Hollywood began to see that it was OK to do so.
