Like Tarzan the monkey man (1932), only more. There is more of everything, more animals, more varied African tribes and scenes in which the thought must be, if this was good with three or four lions, forty would be better. Tarzan fights with the crocodiles: the crocodile machine rotates in the water like a roller, spinning and turning more, with the jaws flapping. Tarzan can kill him with his omnipresent knife if the damned saurian were to stay still. Tarzan kills lions and rhinos and an increasing number of animals. Your friends are real chimpanzees, people in costumes of bigger apes and elephants. In fact, they use Indian elephants, much more friendly and trainable than Africans, with fancy dress ears attached to their heads. Human history: another white man, worse than the rest, appears to join with Holt to go after the ivory of the elephant cemetery. Tarzan will not show them the way, so the bad boy shoots an elephant so they can follow him to his deathbed. Tarzan intercedes, and the bad man shoots him, but, of course, he survives and returns to save Jane. Everyone else dies, Holt and the bad boy and each of his "boys." People are expendable, especially Africans, and there does not seem to be much distinction between black men who die because they work for the white men who travel through the taboo country and the black men who kill them. This must be Tarzan's last film before the Hays Code made Jane wear more clothes. There is a series of underwater scenes in which Jane swims naked, and although the light blinks, the movement and the flashes are very attractive. Apparently, one of Weismuller's friends from the Olympic swimming team made the nude scenes, and not Maureen O'Sullivan. However, she moves through the film with the same type of loincloth that Weismuller wears (plus a bikini top), showing a splendid glimpse of thigh and hip. They still do not need to talk much. They sleep together and go out with fresh animals and stay away from the cities. No wonder they are happy.
