This splendidly directed fantasy is the second of the popular faulty Tarzan series released by MGM. It is a first class adventure for many reasons, I suggest: good photography, strong imaginative qualities, a charming cast, good scenarios of the simulated jungle and a very exciting story. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, a non-syllabic genre without a tutor unlike the creation of Edgar Rice Burroughs; but he is honest, loyal, courageous and very brave, and he needs to be during this narrative. Like Jane Parker, his wife who had been Jane Porter in the novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, as well as being athletic where the script demands that quality. The effect of lighting, spacious and intelligent sets is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure filmed in the MGM back-lot that really works. The fabulous Escarp Mutir is a remote location that allows Tarzan and Jane to live undisturbed; but in their idyll come people who seek in them, emissaries of a civilization that Jane has left behind and in which Tarzan could not be accustomed comfortably. One is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who with his friend tempts her to return with him to civilization; The robe and perfumes interest her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan has to protect her against various wild animals, in scenes that look like a humanized King King. The group claims to want to hunt animals, and Tarzan accepts some of the big game for Jane's sake; but at some point, the idea of ​​ivory and obtaining a fortune makes one think at the head of the expedition. Tarzan is shot, left for dead; and the group forces Jane to accompany them on an expedition while following a dying elephant to the fabulous "elephant graveyard". But they find the area guarded by a wild tribe and are attacked by lions. Tarzan rides on an elephant he has revived in time to call; In one of the most spectacular scenes of elephants, he saves Jane and what remains of the expedition, who return home little richer but wise, while Jane continues her wild idyll with her new husband. The film was directed by set designer Cedric Gibbons, and also very well. His work and lighting are the outstanding achievements of this entertaining and exciting film, which manages to look real despite all the shortcomings of Hollywood from start to finish. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and after it is revealed that he is completely bad. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry complete a small cast very professionally. An unusual and well-made fantasy film with interesting situations and some strong dialogue confrontations as well. Recommended.
