With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis is perhaps the first film director who has successfully brought the feeling of the ancient Greek theater to the screen. His own script, an adaptation of the tragedy of Euripides, was far from easy, compared to that of the other two films in the trilogy he directed. The story has been carefully deconstructed from the version of Euripides and placed in a strictly chronological logical framework, which is better suited to modern methods of film narration. Cacoyannis also added some characters to his film that do not appear in the tragedy of Euripides: Odysseus, Calchas and the army. This was done to clarify some points of Euripides on the war, the Church and the Government. Finally, the end of Iphigenia de Cacoyannis is somewhat ambiguous compared to Euripides. <br /> <br /> The film was filmed in Aulis. The director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a robust but beautiful Greece, where from the Homeric days it seems to have stopped. Take advantage of the bodies, the arid earth, the ruins, the intense light and the darkness. The hardness of the landscape is particularly suitable for the souls of the characters. The camera uses the entire range of shots available, from the very long, reinforcing the vastness and desolation of the landscape, as well as the human scale involved, to the extreme close-ups, dissecting and probing the soul of the tormented characters deeply. . In particular, the opening of the film, with a bold and accelerated journey along a line of stranded boats, followed by an aerial view of the many thousands of soldiers who lie on the beach with indifference, is a very effective means of communicate the amazing political and military forces of Agamemnon. responsibility. <br /> <br /> A single word "sublime" can describe the impressive performances of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Popes embody the sublimity of the classic tragedy of Greece. The character of Kazakos is extremely realistic and his powerful look at the camera, more than his words, reveals the incredible torment that tears his soul. Irene Papas is the modern quintessence of Greek classics. In Iphigenia, she is terrible in her anguish, and even more so because what we know will be her revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first role on the screen, stands out in her portrait of the innocent Iphigenia, which contrasts with the austere representation of Kazakos by her father, Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis is true to Euripides in his representation of the other characters: Odysseus is a shrewd and scheming politician, Achilles, a vain and narcissistic warrior, Menalao is self-centered, obsessed with his honor, anxious to be avenged and for the restoration of his wife and his property. <br /> <Br /> The costumes and sets are realistic: there is no Hollywood there. The quarters of Agamemnon resemble a barn, he dresses, like the others, with utilitarian, hand-woven, simple attires. The royal caravan of Clytemnestra is made up of rough wooden wagons. <br /> <br /> The music is by the prolific contemporary music composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis score intensifies the dramatic and cinematic display, reflects on the psychological aspect of the tragedy and accentuates its dimensions and relevance. <br /> <br /> This film and the story it tells offer a considerable insight into the lost world of antiquity. Greek thought was the crucible of much of our modern civilization. It teaches us a lot about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures. Euripides questions the value of war and patriotism when compared to the simple virtues of family and love, and reflects on the vulnerable position of women in a world of male violence. In his adaptation of the tragedy of Euripides, Cacoyannis takes up all these themes in a modern, clear and dramatic way. <br /> <br /> The relationships that govern political machinations are clearly demonstrated: war corrupts and destroys the human soul to such an extent that neither the individual nor the group can function normally any longer. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor has been marred by the flight of his own wife with his lover, everyone else has his own private motivation to go to war with Troy, which has nothing to do with Helena: thirst for power (Agamemnon). , greed (the army, Ulysses), or glory (Achilles). And so, in a real sense, Helen became the WMD of the Trojan War. The war, stripped of all Homeric glamor and religious sanction, was only an imperialist enterprise, stimulated mainly by the desire for material gain, everything else is a convenient pretext. <br /> <br /> Another conflict raised in the film is that between the Church and the State. Calchas, who represents the Church, feeling the challenge to his priestly authority and desiring to destroy Agamemnon by insulting the goddess whom he serves, tells him to sacrifice his daughter. By accepting the sacrifice, the King approaches his moral ruin, but by refusing, he loses his power over the masses (his army), who are brainwashed by religion. Of course, for Agamemnon, it's a game. The king must accept the farce, whether he honestly believes in the gods or not, until he realizes, too late, that he has engaged in a despicable filicide. <br /> <br /> Is it a sacrifice or a Murder, and how can we know the difference between the two? By focusing on the violent and primitive horror of a human sacrifice and, what is worse, on the sacrifice of his own son, Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a drama that is both deeply political and agonizingly personal. It touches on a more complex and delicate ethical problem that any society faces: the serious conflict between the needs of the individual and those of society. However, in the case of Iphigenia, as in the biblical account of Abraham and Isaac, the father is asked to kill his own son, by his own hand. What kind of God would insist on such payment? Can it be fair or moral, even if it is divinely inspired? Finally, does the sacrificial death of the daughter differ from the death of all the sons and daughters who are sent to war? These are many deep questions posed by a two-hour movie.
