The launch of TARZAN THE APE MAN, in 1932, caused a sensation. It may be hard to believe, 70 years later, but the film had the same impact as THE MATRIX, or THE LORD OF THE RINGS, at a time when movies and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an icon of instant pop, the "wild noble" with whom every woman fantasized, and every man wished he could be. The only person who was not happy with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, although he had accepted MGM's creative freedoms and enjoyed his heavy royalty checks, felt the "silly" version of his character (no plans). to let him grow) 'was unfaithful to his vision (he would start a production company, and soon he would be making his own' Tarzan 'films). MGM, realizing the value of his newest 'star', knew that the sequel would have to be even more spectacular than the original ... and TARZAN AND HIS MATE were delivered! <br /> <br /> The movie had an interesting story; Cedric Gibbons, the legendary Art Director of MGM, had received a commitment from the studio to direct the sequel, before the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, even though he had NEVER directed before (the studio had not anticipated the impact of the film , and I did not think that a new director would matter a lot in a "novelty" movie ... and they wanted to keep their Oscar-winning department head happy.) Gibbons, a prodigiously talented and imaginative visual artist, loved the freedom of Hollywood pre-coding, and decided that TARZAN AND HIS MATE "took the envelope" to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would have fun swimming naked, and Jane would appear TOPLESS during most of the movie. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death, in 1998, that while a double was being used for swimming, she trusted the studio and did "a couple of days" of filming, however ... but it was done too much headache when trying to strategically place plants and fruits to block her nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the film that was filmed in those days would be worth a fortune!) She made a nude silhouette scene in a tent , showed her breasts instantly. He finished his 'swim' and put on a revised 'jungle' costume that was extremely provocative, very thin and open at the sides ... and the resulting clamor would help 'create' the Hays Office and the self-censorship that would soon engulf the whole industry. <br /> <br /> MGM took Gibbons out of production (the "official" reason given was his workload as an Art Director), and veteran Jack Conway was included as the new director, to appease the industry . critics ... although James C. McKay actually directed the film, since Conway was busy in 3 other projects, including ¡VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The film incorporated the best elements of the original (safaris, murderous tribes, Tarzan fighting the beasts of the jungle to save Jane), and actually improved the narrative. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first film, returns to Africa for ivory from the 'Elephant Cemetery', and tries to seduce Jane to return to England, with gifts of silk dresses, underwear and perfumes. Bring with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), an inveterate womanizer, who mocks Holt's chivalrous perseverance of Jane, and stalks her as a possible "conquest", which can be achieved by any means (including death). Tarzan, if and when he can get away with it without being seen). <br /> <br /> Tarzan barely tolerates the intrusion into his happy life with Jane, and lowers his foot, refusing to allow the hunters to enter the cemetery. Arlington finds his chance, trapping the Ape Man alone, and shoots him, then returns to the camp with an invented story of his demise. Now Jane has no reason to stay in the jungle, and you can direct them to the Cemetery, before your long trip back to England, comforted by the sympathetic Arlington. But a savage tribe and a terrible torture await the group ... can Tarzan, taking care of the health of his ape's 'family', recover in time to save Jane? <br /> <br /> Although archival images are widely used again, the racial stereotypes of the 1930s are evident, and gorillas are obviously actors in monkey suits, TARZAN AND HIS MATE reach a level of insurmountable sophistication in any other 'Tarzan' movie, as well as a sensuality that even the outrageously erotic TARZAN of Bo Derek. The ape man could not touch. Johnny Weissmuller was in top condition, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan was never more beautiful, and 'Africa' never looked more romantic and dangerous. <br /> <br /> TARZAN AND HIS MATE was a triumph (although it would be drastically edited for many years), and it remains THE classic of the series, to this day!
