Well, I heard somewhere that Ossessione is a precursor of the Italian film genre, and one of my favorites in particular, the 'Giallo' ... but in reality, apart from the fact that this is a thriller that was made in Italy; the two have virtually no relationship. In the sixties and seventies, Italian filmmakers would get a reputation for cheating every successful American movie released. They have not done that here, but Ossessione follows almost the same story as the last American movie 'The Postman Always Rings Twice', without giving the author of the book, James M. Cain, as much as a merit! Anyway, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a handsome vagabond who, by chance, runs into a café where a woman named Giovanna Bragana works. She soon learns that she is married to Giuseppe; a great fat and annoying man, to whom Giovanna can not bear even to touch her. He wants the two to flee together, but she is not so interested in the idea. However, the fate ends up intervening and her plan to assassinate her husband is successful ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film loses some credibility for not crediting the author whose story is based on , It has to be said that the director Luchino Visconti implements well the style of black cinema, and somehow I prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the biggest black cinema classics. The story is, as expected, extremely strong and Visconti manages to get good performances from his cast. Visconti dragged the film a bit too much, however, and with a run time of almost 135 minutes, I felt that the story was too thin to justify this kind of duration. I almost feel guilty for leveling all these criticisms in Ossessione, since it is a good movie, but it is not a 'great' movie. The relationship between the two central characters is never really explored correctly, and it seems that the film is more apt to distract us from it instead of letting us into the heads of the characters. There is not much mystery in the plot, since we almost always know what is happening and we do not always focus on the characters; The movie is not as interesting as it could have been. Still, it is an interesting visualization and is recommended for that reason ... although it is not as good as the 1946 version of the same James M. Cain classic.
