The murder of Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway play called Machinal. Most famously, he inspired James M. Cain to write two short novels with which anyone who has reached the point where they are reading this review would be familiar with Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice. Both became black film classics of the 1940s, and Double Indemnity is considered to be the most perfect cinema ever made. Cain captured some of the real-life elements of Snyder-Gray's story: Albert Gray's old age and indifference, Ruth's great sex drive, Ruth and Judd's passionate affair in murder and the famous insurance clause of double compensation. The missing elements included the fact that the actual configuration was a very urban Manhattan: Albert Snyder was a respected newspaper editor. The numerous failed and incompetent attempts were also ignored to go further. <br /> <br /> Cain's double compensation was perfectly filmed by Billy Wilder. Let's ignore Stanwyck's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting accidents in film history! However, The Postman Always Rings Twice was filmed three times and Ossessione, an Italian version and Luchino Visconti's first film, was the first of three versions. Before commenting, I will recommend the version of Lana Turner - John Garfield from 1946 in its entirety and five minutes from the 1981 version of Jack Nicholson - Jessica Lange for the great sex scene at the dining room table. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as noble as The postman always calls twice. It has a strong neorealist appearance that makes it a great movie, but many of the essential elements of noir are missing. It does not have low-profile lighting and unconventional camera angles. The dialogue is not hard and, on the other hand, the film focuses more on characterization. This is the longest version of the story and delves into the characterization. It is also much more sexual than Lana Turner's version. We have a very obvious adulterous relationship and Giovanna is obviously a nymphomaniac. A new character in the story is introduced, La Spagnola, with very obvious homosexual connotations. There is also a small role, but very well played, for a dancer who lights up as a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a much larger study of the working class than of crime. The public really has the feeling of poverty and filth. The vagabond is a complete vagabond, the wife is not Lana Turner and may even have been a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is an obscene capitalist: obese, rude and arrogant. I think the casting was great for this movie. My only meat is with the execution time too long. Everything is too long and would have been more effective if it had been cheaper. However, fans of noir and realism will definitely like Ossessione, as I did.
