This movie is a scam from James Cain's novel, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE. Apparently, the director and producer never bothered to pay for the rights to this story, perhaps the fact that we were in the middle of the fight against the Italians in World War II could explain their forgetting to consider copyright! Despite this, the movie is not really an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. Somehow it is much better and in other ways, it definitely is not. <br /> <br /> The three central characters in this movie are really pretty ugly people. In fact, male and female lovers are a bit unpleasant. The male protagonist is quite common, except for his profuse body hair (especially on the back and shoulders) and his love as a lady is, to put it frankly, unattractive. They are very, very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the ill-fated husband is very, very obese and loves to walk shirtless, and his counterpart in the American movie, Cecil Kellaway is definitely more handsome (and probably more handsome than the other two Italian protagonists, actually). And this lack of attractiveness is usually a reason why I actually prefer the Italian movie, since I just could not imagine a finely groomed "plate" like Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere married to Kellaway. I am 100% sure that I would have had dozens of better deals! Whereas, the Italian woman, frankly, could not have done much better and this made the marriage really credible. <br /> <br /> Part of the credibility of the Italian film comes from the direct way it handles sex. The disinfected American film tries to make you believe that, although Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they never get to have sex! This is quite silly and totally unrealistic. In addition to the casual sexuality of the film, it is also quite informal in showing the more marine side of life: with many sweaty people, a strip of flies hanging over the kitchen table and everyone seemed to need a bath. <br /> <br /> The movie is also quite fast compared to the long-running American movie. And what you get because of brevity is not all that good. The film lacks much of the style and polish of the American film, with larger images, orchestrations and relatively poor settings. Sure it's not a pretty movie, but the neo-realist style makes the movie look more realistic. But he can not compensate for the shortcuts in the plot. Many of the elements of the plot in the later US version are completely missing or overlooked. And the end seems much less interesting than the American movie, and misses the dilemma of human nature when Turner and Garfield confront each other like rats (the best part of the American movie). <br /> <br /> So, what is the best movie? Well, a lot of this probably depends on you. As far as I'm concerned, the Warner Brothers movie was simply too polished and unrealistic (although many like this style and may not like watching movies with subtitles), but they have a great ending. And the Italian film was much, much more realistic, until the horrible end that seemed too hurried. So neither of the two films is exactly great, but I would give my approval to the Italian being a little better. It is a pity that they have not been able to combine the best elements of both films in an exceptional film.
