Today's audiences will probably see a movie like Ossessione and will not really consider how unpublished it was during the time it was published. The structure of the film is really divorced from the Hollywood Hollywood conventions and other important theatrical elements. It is based more on representing reality in a very somber and sober light. Films of this nature, neo-realist films, were made to reflect the darkness that was felt during the post-World War II era. Ossessione tackles some quite provocative problems that probably were not seen on the screen before the war, among them: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. In addition to the shots of a crane and certain moments of musical swelling, the aesthetics of the film is very crude and rough: shot on location, uses natural lighting and, probably, unpopular actors. All these elements helped to convey the problems explored in the film, resulting in the following theme: Negative karmic repercussions will persecute those who deliberately act immorally. <br /> <br /> The two tracks "Gino and Giovanna" are polar opposites However, both carry the mentality: we are bored and we want to be entertained. Gino is a vagabond; A lone traveler who embraces life and its constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a bored housewife based on the familiarity of conjugal permanence: she does not want to leave her home and her husband, but prefers to stay where she is because she is safer. Gino's lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle that Giovanna longs for; The only difference is that she is too afraid to live it for herself. That's why he falls in love with Gino: he represents everything he wants but does not have the courage to get it. She wants to live in a world free from the monotony of living with her corpulent husband. Gino is the perfect ticket for that world. The issue that occurs between the two audiences most likely abandoned in the 40s feels somewhat uncomfortable. I mean, the films before the Neorealist era never showed such scandalous behavior on the screen. To say the least, it was probably a bit alarming. <br /> <br /> Along with the theme, the neo-realist style helps to show the negative repercussions of adulterous behavior. Put succinctly, adulterous behavior (as shown in the movie) leads to depressing and, ultimately, deadly lives. When Gino and Giovanna conspire with each other to "eliminate" Giovanna's husband, karma comes to haunt them as a plague after the action is taken. They return to their home: the atmosphere is dark and scathing (as you can expect from the neo-realist style). They are not happy; Actually they are more depressed. They thought that by eliminating Giovanna's husband they would live happier lives, but they were deceived. The film ends with Giovanna's death, in a karmic similarity to her husband's death. I think this is a very satisfactory ending for several reasons. Here is why. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of talk about whether the evil should be represented or not on the screen, and if so, to what extent. I believe that representing evil is very necessary if and only if the evil represented is not being glorified, but shows what negative consequences of bad actions. As Ossessione's subtext asks, is adultery and murder bad? I think the movie responds with enthusiasm yes! The adulterous behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are. However, ironically, towards the end of the film, when they seem to be cured of their depression and are enjoying each other's arms inside the car, the author of the film shows that his happiness is, in fact, a facade: automobile crashes. from the cliff to the river, killing Giovanna; The police arrest Gino. I think it was the author's intention to say that although people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, in the end karma will come back to chase them. I agree. I think they both got what they got because they were both incredibly selfish, they always wanted instant gratification and they were not willing to endure difficult times. This became especially clear after the first sign of difficulty that Gino and Giovanna experienced in their relationship: she can not handle the pressure of living in the shadow of Giovanna's husband, so she leaves Giovanna and goes to bed with another girl. This is typical of the insatiable and hedonistic personality. <br /> <br /> In general, the film seemed very risky at the time. The audience, however, was prepared to watch such a movie because of the sobriety that the war brought. Those pre-war and carefree movies were no longer believed. Audiences who attended the films were ready to watch and watch difficult movies with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were entangled in the so-called "sin" because it was a reflection of their own life problems. Ossessione, then, acts as a great catalyst for the direction of the future of cinema. That is to say, it can be said that many of the pieces of naturalism that we see today have been influenced by the neo-realist film movement.
