When people today learn of a drama of the 1940s, they usually seem to create a distance of irony and claim that it is another squeeze of tears with big stars at the head of tragic and melancholic roles. This opinion, however, does not resemble neo-realist films, in particular to this directed by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE as its debut, once censored and once appreciated as a realistic masterpiece, is still loved by some people and energetically criticized by others. The contradictory opinions about the film that have appeared in these 65 years seem to have been caused by the content of the film itself, exceptionally controversial for modern times and the past. At the same time, although based on the James M. Cain novel, POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE, is one of the most genuine screen adaptations where the director remains his own style, view, his own art. I have seen the film twice and the second visualization led me to a very detailed part of the analysis that I would like to include below. <br /> <br /> First, the Visconti film seems to touch all the psychology and actions that people can do. In life, particularly those absorbed by desire. These people make such tragic decisions despite the terrible consequences they must face. Gino (Massimo Girotti), a traveler with "shoulders like a bear", appears at the junction of a highway near Ferrara and enters the tavern. Although many people go there to eat, Gino looks for something more, much more: the indefatigable desire of the beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a woman already married to an old man who runs the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa) . ). His body and his song possess his mind totally and, from the moment of his first love, the couple's plan is to get rid of the old obstacle and build a new life together ... However, people are forced to commit erroneous acts before the desire. ? Can you build love over murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does desire lead to a dangerous addiction or even an obsession? These questions arise intensely while watching the film, when, for the core, the viewer receives a vision of the characters. "We have to love each other with affection", answers Giovanna apparently giving a cure to all the conscience that cries, but can love desire to justify and cure everything? "Is not it what we both wanted?" Says one of the couple ... it happens that it is not. Therefore, the content of the film seems to be very dangerous if it is not analyzed with intellect and heart. However, it constantly remains stimulating. <br /> <br /> Second, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that speaks to modern viewers: brilliant moments and a wonderful cinematography, which combine with memorable sequences and visual power. This makes a modern viewer realize that a movie made almost 70 years ago is absolutely entertaining to watch. They range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical shots. Who can skip that moment in Ferrara, where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a kind of "Ragazza Perfetta" (perfect girl), an Anita dancer and buys her ice cream? His desires show him a completely different direction ... Are the spectators indifferent in the first meeting of Gino-Giovanna? The first focus of the camera is on Giovanna's legs that apparently represent the carnal desire for love that Gino experiences. Gino and Giovanna leave the research room and the close-up of their shadows that directs our attention to their suspicious aspect. <br /> <br /> In third place, OSSESSIONE can boast of excellent performances both of the leading couple and of the supporting cast. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that working on this film had been one of the most difficult jobs he had done; however, as a result, what comes out is an impeccable performance. It portrays a bisexual man torn within the desires who commits a crime but can not bear any of the objects that remind him of his victim, which represents consciousness. His bisexuality is indicated by the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), whom he knows in very surprising circumstances on the Ancona train. Clara Calamai, who was chosen on the paper after the eminent Anna Magnani had refused, fits very well with the paper and we can affirm that there is a real chemistry between the couple. Both are very convincing. In addition, I liked Juan De Langa in the role of Bragana: he portrays an old husband who is not affectionate with his wife and who is still crazy about art. In some of his most ingenious moments, he asks his wife to wash her back or walk the empty streets singing her favorite opera songs after a kind of karaoke presentation. <br /> <br /> In summary, we, as modern spectators who are capable of a critical vision, must look at this film very objectively. Surely it is art thanks to the mentioned aspects, it is a powerful story and thanks to the controversy that it entails; however, is it educational? Visconti was not Fellini who said he carried no message for humanity. In that case, his films would only entertain (which, of course, is not entirely Fellini's style). Visconti always had something to convey. What did he mean here? Is the movie against bad marriage? Or is it against the wrong actions of people absorbed by desire? The shocking final moments say for themselves. Although you do not have to agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is really a wonderfully realistic movie, one of the best of Visconti 8/10
