Seeing "Ossessione" today - more than 6 decades later - is still a powerful experience, especially for those interested in the history of cinema and more specifically how the Italian filmmakers changed the films forever (approximately from "Ossessione" and " I Bambini Ci from De Sica "Guardano", both from 1943, until 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini.) Visconti makes an amazing directorial debut, taking the (uncredited) plot of "The Postman Always Rings Twice" as a guide for the development of their own themes. <br /> <br /> We are surprised, even today, how is your time. "Ossessione" was Filmed in fascist Italy during World War II (think about it!), Represented scenes and themes that made the movie immediately banned in theaters, and the fact that he used the plot of a famous American novel and did not pay royalties, did not help. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" reveals alarming Italy in times of war (far from the idealized Italy represented in the fascist films of "Telefoni Bianchi"); but he is also extremely daring in his sexual frankness, with Gino shirtless (Massimo Girotti, who definitely precedes Brando's Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire") by taking Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman, to bed only 5 minutes later meet. We observe the lack of glamor, the practical nudity of Calamai and the subtle but undeniable homosexual insinuations between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo, a very attractive actor, his face is not very different from that of Pierre Clémenti, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945, at 28!) ... In short: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as relentlessly as rarely, if ever, has been seen before in Italian cinema. <br /> <br /> All copies of "Ossessione" were destroyed shortly after its opening - it was called scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to keep an impression, and when the film was reissued after the war, most critics rated him as the favorite of the neo-realist movement, preceding "Rome CIttà Aperta" by Rossellini and "Sciuscià" by De Sica. Some other critics, perhaps more appropriate, saw "Ossessione" as the Italian counterpart to the "poetic realism" of French cinema (remember that Visconti had been Renoir's assistant), especially "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour se Lève" Marcel Carné. and "Pépé le Moko" by Julien Duvivier. <br /> <br /> While "Ossessione" can be neorealistic in its visual language (the representation of Paesan life in times of war in Italy with its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, hoboes, scammers, etc. .), The characters and themes were already decidedly Viscontian. He was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters, in social / political / sexual apartheid, in the decline of the elites than in the realistic characters and themes of "daily life", favored by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione" we already find elements of the drama and tragedy that later developed in many of his films, especially "Senso" (the definitive deviation of Visconti from neorealist aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... Even in his Most "Neo-Realistic" movie, "La Terra Trema", makes its fishermen move from everyday characters to mythological figures. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory about great artists whose body of work addresses, analyzes and develops specific themes and concerns over and over again, from their first work to their last work, regardless of whether the scenario, background or time settings can change. Visconti can play with the frame, but the themes and the essence of his art are, well, obsessively recurrent. You should not miss "Ossessione": you will surely be fascinated by this innovative and powerful film.
