Woohoo! The kind of movie you can watch ten times and still enjoy its nuances. Absolutely incredible! If this was Visconti's debut film, I shudder to think what would happen if I improved from film to film. The only other one I've seen (at the time of writing this article) is Death in Venice, which was absolutely incredible: more visually dazzling than Ossessione (Obsession). One of the most beautiful films I've seen in my life, but its history was not as immersive as Ossessione. If you click "several" on the links on this page, there are images of the movie on those websites. They really will not do justice to the experience of the film: such funny camera movements, such beautiful compositions, such wonderful faces, such wonderful characters, such a fantastic development of the story, James M Cain's first adapted film. "The Postman Always Rings Twice ". <br /> <br /> I can not believe this was done in 43, eight years before Brando was supposed to have introduced a realistic performance in the world with Streetcar Named Desire (1951). The actors in this may not have used the technique of the method, that is, they may not have really felt everything for themselves (I do not know anything about it), but they are some of the best performances, the most genuine and realistic to date in cinema. In addition, eight years before Streetcar Named Desire brought a new sensuality to the screen, Ossessione was electrifyingly sensual! The most sensual since the beginning of the cinema! Yes, I'm being superlative, but Ossessione was simply amazing. <br /> <br /> The reason why Ossessione did not make the impact of Streetcar was that it was made in fascist Italy and was banned by Mussolini, and cut in america. American audiences did not see its full glory until age 59 , eight years AFTER the tram. <br /> <br /> I will not say anything more about that, I just write to tell you that it is one of the best, most beautiful and exciting. Movies that I've seen, and I tell you to come out and see it! Like another critic, I will buy it as soon as I can find it.
