['Visconti&#39;s first feature, Ossessione, is an adaptation of The Postman Always Rings Twice by James M. Cain. Now, I&#39;m not familiar with that book or the other film versions, but I&#39;m a huge fan of Cain&#39;s Double Indemnity (much more than a fan of the Billy Wilder movie version, in fact). The two novels seem to be very similar. Both involve an illicit affair in which a voracious woman complains to a morally weak man that her husband is worthless and is bad with her. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, played very well by Clara Calamai, is not an evil incarnate as the wife in Double Indemnity, but she seems very spoiled. Her husband (a great performance by Juan de Landa) is a little cruel to her, but she hits me as if she were at least as uncompromising with him. He is older than her and unattractive, so he is quite fickle. When Gino appears, a young and muscular man, it takes him about five minutes to take him to bed. She sweats she wants to be with him forever, but she is trapped with her husband. They separate at the beginning, but when they meet again, they (apparently, although this is intentionally vague) plan to kill the husband. They succeed and return to the woman&#39;s hometown to run the bar that her husband owned. Gino is not very enthusiastic about this idea. He loves Giovanna, but the one thing he certainly does not want is to sit in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship falls apart quickly. Ossessione is a very complex movie with complex characters. It&#39;s always fascinating, but it lasts too long. In two hours and twenty-two minutes, I can not, for my life, realize how long it took! This is partly due to the neo-realist stylistics that Visconti was inventing within this film. It was, after all, the first movie that won that label. We see a lot of prolonged action as it would be in real life, without rushing to the next point in the plot. I have seen many of Visconti&#39;s films, and the only one I like more than this is Rocco and his brothers (1960). His direction is as big as it ever was, with the camera moving brilliantly and the editing perfect. I also feel the need to point out the best performance of the film, by Dhia Christiani as a young dancer (exotic) and part-time prostitute named Anita, whom Gino finds himself after he tries to separate from Giovanna. She&#39;s only in the movie for about five or six minutes, and she only has a few lines. It&#39;s amazing how much Visconti and Christiani can do with this character in such a short time. She is absolutely heartbreaking. 9/10.']
