Ossessione, adapted lightly (or if it is so loose or close to the version I saw of James M. Cain, The Postman Always Rings Twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, I can not be sure) by the first director Luchino Visconti, not . less outstanding with the use of mis-en-scene, music (both diegetic and non-diegetic), and acting. I did not know what to expect from Visconti in his approach to the material, after seeing La Terra Trema and seeing how sometimes his political motivations slipped a little. But this is a drama totally based on characters and emotions, which borders the melodrama (however, without the conventions that clog the smallest), and with the style in the best way of the incipient movement of the cinema-noir, Visconti creates a debut that implies Like any other neo-realist movie. Neo-realism, by the way, could be considered as an ancestor (along with Children are watching us), from De Sica, which would materialize after the war. Although love and romance are more at stake here than in some of the most famous neo-realist efforts, it is a simple way of telling stories, and is mixed with other familiar themes in neo-realism (the lower class, death ). , despair). <br /> <br /> Apart from the story, which is simply as described in this site, the art with which Visconti captures the images and then covers them with objects (a shawl on the profile of Gino Costa when he feels guilty), shadows and darkness that tend to overcome many of the later scenes of the film (usually about Gian and Giovanna), and the feeling of the Italian streets in many of the exterior scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who would see some of Rossellini and Fellini's films) help to imagine the look of Ossessione, who is generally moving towards a character, then stops to read so much emotion in their faces, their charming voices and gestures and Ugly, sad and dark and romantic. I think I just clarified how effective it was that the film itself moved me even though I feared the future of the two protagonists. The two protagonists (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) represent all the convincing, true and almost operatic emotions, and the key support actors do not have their attributes either. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant and crushing adaptation, and it points as a startling sign of what would come for Visconti in his career.
