There I was sitting alone in my apartment on a Saturday night with the option of seeing CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest, and for the benefit of Americans who read this, I will explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from different countries from all over Europe and Asia Minor have a song contest. At the end of the contest, the countries vote to see what was the best song. It is a contest that is even less exciting than it seems and it may not be a surprise when I say that singing and composing songs are not the caliber of Lennon and McCartney. And I must correct something in the first sentence of this revision because the word "Choice" is misleading because, as a music lover, I was not going to see TESC under any circumstances. <br /> <br /> So I sat down as the credits accumulated for CITIZEN X, waiting for a career of serial killers from the mill, but it would be misleading for everyone to call it that. It's obvious within the first 10 minutes of Whodunnit CITIZEN X. What the film does is point out the failures of communism: "A serial killer comrade! This is the Soviet Union, serial killers can only exist in imperialist capitalist systems. decadent. " This derisive attitude goes far beyond denial, there is a scene in which an undercover policeman sits in an icy train station, watching potential suspects while wearing his police jacket because it is the only jacket he has. And, of course, all suspects who are members of the communist party are released without questioning, something that will affect the final number of deaths. All this is very well done, since it shows us that it is the communist party system that is being judged, but about two thirds of the way through CITIZEN X, we find ourselves in 1990 when communism is in its final stages and reforms in the police investigation have been carried out. . It is at this point that the film becomes uninteresting due to the lack of political subtext and the film descends into an average character search movie. But do not let this discourage you, CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller very well played by the cast, especially Donald Sutherland as head of the paternal police. <br /> <br /> Interestingly a few years ago, I read something written by the famous the criminologist Colin Wilson in which he said something in the sense that the serial killers were getting caught up to be the center of attention in the media spotlight, and I found myself almost sympathetic with the party bosses who were denying that there could be a serial killer in the Soviet Union. After all the media are controlled by the party, anyone who is old enough to have listened to Radio Moscow or read the English translations of Pravda will know that the USSR only reported news such as potato harvests, production of charcoal and letters of thanks from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. The Soviet assistance. The concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical. But I suppose if a tree falls into a remote Siberian forest, it will still make a sound even though there is no one nearby to hear it.
