I remember having followed Andre Chicatillo's case in the newspapers while living in South Africa. They had pictures of him sitting in his cage while he was being tried in court. It did not result, as a result, to protect the members of the court, but to protect it from the public. This was a fascinating, albeit morbid, reading. Later I learned that HBO had made a movie about the case, but that it was made for American television. Fuck! Interestingly, CITIZEN X got a limited film premiere in South Africa. I loaded up to the local Ster Kinekor complex and bought a ticket (I was alone, my girlfriend at that time was only interested in people like STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES). Woohoo! What a brilliant movie. Why was not it released to a wider audience? If it had not been done for television, it could have gotten an Oscar nomination or 2. There's no way to spoil the ending; Who is the killer never stays away from the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn portrays a really scary psychopath. He is calm, oppressed, considered a failure by his wife and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation on the part of his superiors at work. By committing these horrendous acts, you feel strong and powerful. <br /> <br /> Struggling to catch him against all odds is a pathologist, played with excellent performance by Stephen Rea, in one of his best performances. It must combat the rhythm of the Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources at its disposal and (above all) the refusal of its superiors to recognize that the USSR even has a serial killer. The general in charge (Joss Ackland) says that serial killers are "a decadent Western phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is willing to help, but his help should be under the counter. The always brilliant Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who breaks protocol and decides to help researchers in their search. It is the first time in Russian history that a reducer is used to create a profile of a serial killer who is still on the loose, and has everything to lose if his participation becomes public. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is Brilliantly acted, well written and music and editing only increase the tension and theme of the film. The excellent support of a horribly underutilized Imelda Staunton and the real sense of imminent death make CITIZEN X a movie that is worth seeing. This was too good to be made for TV
