Blood Castle (also known as Scream of the Demon Lover, Altar of Blood, Ivanna, the best, but least exploited movie title that sounds, and so on) is a very traditional romantic gothic movie. That means that it has big and creepy castles, a stubborn young woman, a mysterious older man, hints of horror and the supernatural, and romantic elements in the contemporary sense of that gender term. It also means that it is a very deliberate rhythm, and that the movie will work better for horror geniuses who are big fanatics of underestimation. If you like movies like The Haunting (1963) by Robert Wise, but you also like the Spanish and Italian horrors of the late sixties and early seventies, you may also like Castle of Blood. (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle on the outskirts of a traditional European village, unspecified. The locals fear him because the legend says that every time he sleeps with a woman, she soon ends up dead; The consensus is that he puts his fierce dogs on them. This is a big problem because the baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the film, another woman appeared dead and mutilated. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Dr. Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) appeared in the center of the village, asking to be taken to the baron. The castle of Dalmar. She is an outsider who has been hired by the Baron for his experience in chemistry. Of course, nobody wants to go near the castle. Finally, Ivanna finds a shadowy individual (who becomes even more somber) to take her. Once there, a strange woman who lives in the castle, Olga (Cristiana Galloni), rejects Ivanna and says that she should not be there since she is a woman. Baron Dalmar hesitates about whether she should stay. She ends up staying, but somewhat unwillingly. The baron has hired her to try to reverse the effects of severe burns, which the brother of the baron, Igor, suffers. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the Baron's brother seems to be just a piece of rotting flesh in a strange, blackish liquid container. And besides, Ivanna has strange and amazing dreams. What is happening in the castle? Is the Baron responsible for the crimes? Is he crazy? <br /> <br /> I wanted to like Blood Castle more than me. As I mentioned, the film is very deliberate in its rhythm, and most of it is very underestimated. I can go in any way in material like that. I do not care about The Haunting (yes, I'm in a very small minority there), but I'm a big fan of European terror of the 60s and 70s. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also love the work of Darío Argento from that time. But every now and then, Blood Castle would move a little too slow for me sometimes. There are large pieces that are equivalent to scenes of not very exciting conversations alternated with scenes of Ivanna walking slowly through the corridors of the castle. <br /> <br /> But the atmosphere of the movie is decent. The director José Luis Merino handled more than sets and acceptable locations, and Emanuele Di Cola shot them quite well. However, Blood Castle has a relatively low budget, and this is a film produced by Roger Corman, after all (which usually means a low-budget "quickie", although often surprisingly high quality). So, although there is a hint of the exuberance of the colors and the complex decoration of Bava, everything is much more minimalist. Of course, it does not help that the Retromedia print I saw looks like a 30-year-old photograph that has been left in the sun too long. It appears "discolored", with a compromised contrast. <br /> <br /> Even so, Merino and Di Cola sometimes create fantastic images. For example, a scene of Ivanna walking in a dark corridor that is filmed from an exaggerated angle, and where an important element of the plot is revealed through the shadows on a wall only. There are also a couple of shots by Ingmar Bergmanesque, where the actors are exquisitely blocked to imply complex relationships, as well as being visually attractive and bringing the eye closer to the picture. <br /> <br /> The performances are quite good and the women --Especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino exploits this fact by incorporating a decent amount of nudes. Schürer made several films that were both soft corn porn and other genres, with titles in English such as Sex Life in a Woman's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Killer (1975) and Erotic Exploits of a Sexy Seducer (1977). Blood Castle is much more moderate, but in addition to the nudity, there are still slight scenes suggesting rape and slavery, and of course the scenes that mix sex and death. <br /> <br /> The main attraction here, however, is probably The Story, which is much more of a romance that burns slowly like anything else. The elements of horror, elements of mystery and an unexpected twist near the end are bonuses, but in the end, Blood Castle is a love story, about a couple overcoming various difficulties and antagonisms (often with threats or physical damage) to be together .
