There are some excellent comments and observations about this movie. I was pleased to see the comparisons with the "M" by Fritz Lang (forget about the abortive remake of the 50s with lightweight David Wayne). The real villain is not the tortured murderer (extraordinarily good performance of Jeffery DeMunn), eliminating his sexually frustrated rage with his victims, mostly children. He is the objective. The real villain is the suffocating bureaucratic Soviet system, drowned in its own corrupt incompetence. The frustration of a dedicated man without concessions (Rea in his best role since "The Crying Game"), an easy pragmatist who is willing to use the system to his advantage (Sutherland always succeeds in this kind of role), a hesitant, scared but decided the psychiatrist (the incomparable Max Sydow), the clumsy and ruthless bureaucrat of a prosecutor (the brilliant British actor John Wood) and the silent support wife of the motivated researcher (party sympathizer, Imelda Staunton). This is a very good movie. Its darkness and its desolation are based on the description of a corrupt and incompetent system that works against success. It is not necessary to immerse yourself in the blood-laden sensationalism that has characterized many recent films. Gore is present, it is a frightening story, but it adds to the representation of a pathologically twisted human being. The success of the story is precisely that: these were acts perpetrated by a person, a human being like you or me. When you and I decided to unload our frustration by reasonable means, Chikatilo eliminated his anger with the most innocent and vulnerable of us. , our children. The excellent premise of this story is manifested by an equally excellent cast of excellent actors. - Unfortunately, I notice that our Australian friend did not like the speech and would have preferred to hear him speak in Australian dialect. Good, very bad. This good movie certainly worked for me and for all the others I've spoken with, who have seen it.
