What do you do for the best imaging material? The Oscars have received a lot of awards to reward the exaggerated glasses that have aged badly and ignore the "authors" that would be deified in the coming decades. It was not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Academy Awards are the selections made by the industry itself, and that is why, at least in the classical era, they tended to reward the greatest collaborations, the most sensational meetings of creative minds. <br /> <br /> The Arthur The unit released at MGM had been destined for Oscar-winning glory for several years at this time; It was only a matter of time before Freed, helped by his strongest director, Vincente Minnelli and some of the best music stars in the industry, won a Best Picture. It could be said that Freed had done more to raise the status of the musical than anyone else, creating images that wove history and song without losing the dynamic spectacle of the musicals of the thirties. The point about the musicals of Freed, is that the lyrics of the songs, unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner, do not have to tell or relate to the stories. The important thing is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fit into the structure of the film. <br /> <br /> An American in Paris was the first of Freed's three musicals (the other two are Singin 'in The Rain and The Band Wagon), which took the existing classical numbers from their original context and made them work in a completely unrelated story, the words do not fit the plot, but the routines fit into the program, so when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm, he does not have a girl yet, but the way it was done with the French children It's a great characterization, and the optimistic melody and dance give the movie a little boost, you need at this point An American in Paris also uses the rule breakage allowed in the genre to add little unconventional fantasy flights to tell the history, like the series of dances that accompany the description of the character of Leslie Caron. <br /> <br /> And what better director for this project than Minnelli, himself a painter and pianist? There was really nobody who had a better idea of ​​Technicolor. While some directors would saturate each scene in a single color or fill the screen with conflicting shadows, Minnelli's color schemes are well controlled but never seem forced. In the initial scenes, the tones are quite muted, but not muted, and in particular there is an absence of red. During the meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary in the cafeteria, some more vibrant tones are presented. Then, during the first musical number, "By Strauss" Minnelli gradually brings touches of red? A tablecloth, a bouquet of roses? until finally dominate, as if the song had awakened the color scheme of the image. For most songs, the colors are choreographed as intricately as the people. However, in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la", it maintains the same tones and instead opens the space as the song swells and the characters become more animated. <br /> <br /> The Achilles' The heel of an American in Paris is his story. Personally, I consider the romantic angle to be particularly unpleasant, since it seems like a last hurray for the misogynist love stories that reigned in the 1930s; the stubborn and independent woman is rejected, while the delicate and humble girl is harassed to love the hero. Even if you do not mind that, it is difficult to connect emotionally with the story because it is constantly eclipsed by songs and dances. Compare it to Singin 'in the Rain, which does not really have as many routines or memorable elements as An American in Paris, but it has a winning story. Singin 'in the Rain was overlooked in the Oscars of 1952, but today it is considered a classic of the genre. But I think people sometimes forget that cinema is a form of visual entertainment that encompasses everything, not just a means of telling a story. An American in Paris is not deep or attractive, nor does he have to break the tears, but, like a certain image of DeMille that won the first prize the following year, it is certainly a great show.
