The dazzling seventeen-minute dance sequence of George Gershwin's 1928 orchestral piece, "An American in Paris," is an undeniable masterpiece. Choreographed with precision and unparalleled style by Gene Kelly, the vibrant combination of color, music and dance remains astoundingly amazing as the piece is divided into scenes inspired by selected master masters: Dufy in the opening piece of Place de la Concorde, Manet. in the flower market, Utrillo in a street in Paris, Rousseau in the fair, Vincent Van Gogh in the spectacular piece of Place de l'Opera and Toulouse-Lautrec for the Moulin Rouge, where Kelly wears his famous white suit. The 97 minutes that precede this end are not so exciting, much less, but there are certain charms that can be had when seeing the entire Oscar-winning musical in 1951. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner has created a surprisingly sophisticated, albeit rather light, romantic story centered on Jerry Mulligan, a former IG Who has stayed in Paris after the end of World War II trying to make a living as a painter. With his braggadocio style and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly can be both congruent and irritating as a screen personality, but he seems to find his work as the carefree Jerry. The plot of the love triangle focuses on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed art sponsor, but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. On his first date at a busy nightclub in Montmartre, Jerry falls in love with Lise, a young girl who turns out to be Henri's fiancee, a professional artist and friend of Jerry's friend, Adam, a pianist outside of work. The romantic complications continue until the inevitable end, but not before several classic Gershwin songs are played. <br /> <br /> The best of them is the most imitated: a romantically faded song and dance for "Our Love Is Here to Stay". a Faux-Seine river in a blue haze with yellow fog lights. The way in which Kelly and Leslie Caron surround each other is transcendent, as they approach tentatively at the beginning and then synchronize beautifully with the music that leads to the final. Few films have shown so elegantly and succinctly that two people fall in love. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" highlight Kelly's agile tap dance and pleasant singing, while "Embraceable You" is danced impressively by Caron in a five-scene montage of Henri's full description of Lise for Adam. Designed to show the versatility of Caron's dance, the sequence is similar to that of "On the Town" where Vera-Ellen showed her considerable dance skills when Kelly's sailor character described her multifaceted vision of Miss Turnstiles. <br /> <br /> As Lise, Caron (in his first film), aged nineteen, dances magnificently and handles his role with an untrained charm with his talent as an actor not to flourish for several years. With a rather glamorous look, Nina Foch plays like the manipulative Milo and manages to be kind enough to worry about her fate, while Oscar Levant is just his sardonic self as Adam. George Guétary plays Henri playing Henri with such an elegant performance that you feel bad for losing the girl in the end. This is not the best full MGM musical, but there is certainly enough movie magic to make it worthwhile. The DVD 2000 contains a fairly pristine print but little more in terms of extras.
