['Parsifal (1982) Starring Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and voices of Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, Director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. <br /><br /> Out of the German film school, the kind that favored tons of symbolism and the surrealism of Ingmar Bergmanesque, came this 1982 film of Wagner&#39;s final masterpiece: Parsifal, written to correspond with Good Friday and Easter and the consecration of the Bayreuth Opera. This film follows the musical plot and the plot with precision, but the way it was filmed and acted is bold and avant-garde and no other Parsifal takes the crown in its strange cinematography. Syberberg is known for his controversial films. Before this film, he had released films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism and a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of his granddaughters. This movie is possibly disturbing in many ways. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg but played by Michael Kutter) is a man throughout the first part of the film and then, after the incantation of Kundry&#39;s kiss, becomes a woman. This element of gender flexion shows the feminine / masculine / ying-yang nature of the search for the Holy Grail, which serves all humanity and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the fortress of the pagan sorcerer Klingsor, there are photographs of figures as notoriously sinister as Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner&#39;s mistress, Matilde Wesendock. The flag of Swaztika hangs out of the fortress. The trips of Parsifal to the nineteenth and twentieth centuries throughout the film. The tempting maidens of the flowers are naked. Kundry is portrayed as a kind of beautiful but corrupt Mary Magdalene or Eve of Genesis (played by Edith Clever but beautifully sung by the mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). Ultimately, this film is for fans of this kind of extravagant Germanic / European symbolic metafictions and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history and lovers of Wagner&#39;s opera. In fact, the singing is great and compelling. Parsifal by Reiner Goldberg is a focused and intense voice, but it lacks the depth and grandeur of the great Parsifals of the stage: James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and Placido Domingo himself today. Yvone Minton is a Kundry with a sensual, dramatic and exciting voice, which goes perfectly into her tormented state. While the production is certainly unorthodox and as un-Wagnerian as possible (Wagner&#39;s concept was a ceremonial Christian pomp with grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark sorcerer, darkness becomes light, etc.). typical Wagnerian themes). It is still a nice movie, art-house.']
