This is an amazing movie to watch or show young people. In addition to a brief nude scene, it offers an interesting insight into colonial rule in Africa that you will rarely find in other films. It has a superficial similarity with OUT OF Africa, but without all the romantic fuzz. The French whites in Cameroon are fascinating because they do not seem to even consider the natives as people. The whites are all chiefs and they expect black servitude without a doubt. However, unlike the real servants, only once you hear the Whites say 'thank you' and no one is given any more respect to these people. Again and again, it is as if they were pets or slaves, since the feelings of the people are not even considered. <br /> <br /> The central illustration of this lack of reflection is the relationship between the mother, Aimée and her maid, Protée. Although sometimes they spend a lot of time together and it is normal for them to start having sexual feelings with each other, the White Woman never considers Protée or the existence of her feelings. A good example of this lack of reflection is when she has Protée tied to her dress and it is obvious that he is very sexually frustrated by this. Apart from this relationship, while almost all whites are completely oblivious to the fact that Africans are people, some even verbally abuse and treat them as trash. <br /> <br /> It is also interesting the relationship between Protée and the girl (which is the one that grows at the beginning and at the end of the film). While they are very close, sometimes it looks more like a toy or a pet and the girl never plays with native children. <br /> <br /> There is a strange white character who seems, at times, to consider blacks better, but unfortunately his character is very inconsistent and confusing. At one point, he's doing a great job with the Blacks or eating with them (something the other Whites would never have done) and the next, he's trying to hit Protée! He could only guess what motivated him, maybe he was just an imbecile, or he was crazy, or maybe he was a communist agitator trying to encourage blacks against whites (who knows!). In fact, apart from some good scenes, this character seems pretty lost. <br /> <br /> Although I really enjoyed the vision this film gave me, I wish it had been more than just some fragments of this world. through the perspective of a child during a small period of his life. The context and what happened to rid the country of colonialism is never addressed and the film left me wanting more. The movie seemed to start in the early 1980s (since it carries a Walkman-style headset) and when the movie receded back in time, it seems that it was set in 1960 (more or less), but was never mentioned. 1960s, in the early sixties, violence or anti-colonial independence for the nation. I guess part of this confusion could be that the creators of the film were wrong and SHOULD have made the beginning of the film before (as in the 1970s) and that the lady remembered her life in the early 1950s. Before the country experienced a political change. <br /> <br /> Apart from the missing context and confusion in the periods of time, using the prologue and the epilogue that showed her as an adult traveling around the country was a good idea. And I also appreciated the end, as it was a pleasant surprise when you discover more about the good man who offers a ride. But in general, it seems that something is missing, simply there is no resolution or message other than to show that colonialism is thoughtless and cruel.
