I knew absolutely nothing about Chocolat before I saw it. I did not know anything about the story, the cast, the director or anything about the history of the film. All I knew was that it was a very acclaimed French film. If I had known more, I probably would not have seen the image with an open mind. On paper, the premise does not seem interesting to me. If I had known what Chocolat was about in advance, my interest in observation would have been limited. However, not knowing about the story helped me enjoy it. At all times, I had no idea where the story would go, what the characters would do and what the final result would be. It was, if nothing else, not a predictable movie. In fact, it could have been like the story is told in flashbacks. Telling a story in flashbacks is often a risky move on the part of filmmakers. Since the main character is seen today, the audience knows that he will still be alive. By using the flashback technique, the director Claire Denis can assure the public that the girl reaches adulthood without any serious physical damage, giving the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is a story more about emotions than what is on the outside. A lesser filmmaker would give France an emaciated face, which screams about a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents France as a beautiful girl, someone who looks good on the outside. <br /> <br /> It could be argued that Chocolat has more to do with the mother of France, since they give it much more time on screen, although I think that ultimately it's about France. For me, what Chocolat really is about is how a mother's actions affect her daughter. It is about how the behavior of the parents is maintained with their offspring. France is not ruined by her mother's actions in history, but her mother's actions clearly impressed France. If France had not been affected at all by her mother's actions, the appearance of the flashback would be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a film that deals with two periods of time, the past and the present, Chocolat was a very good rhythm, there was no excess fat scene. None of the scenes felt free or out of place. The film had a good rhythm, the editing was clear, leaving only what was necessary to tell the story. With a well-told story, a solid edition and an organized direction, Chocolat is one of the best French films I've seen. He was responsible for the launch of Claire Denis' career and for good reason: it is an incredible directorial debut.
