Set in the Camerones in West Africa in the 1950s, Chocolat by Claire Denis is a poem in beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant tone that describes the effects of a dying colonialism on a young family during the last years of the French government. The theme is similar to the recent Nowhere in Africa, although the films are very different in scope and emphasis. The film is narrated from the perspective of an adult who returns to his childhood home in a foreign country. France Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman who travels through Cameroon, remembers her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in French Cameroons and had a loving friendship with the inveterate servant, Protée (Isaach de Bankolé ). The heart of the film, however, revolves around the mother of France Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and her love / hate relationship with Protée that is boiling with tacit sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The home is divided into public and private spaces. The white families' rooms are private and out of everyone's reach, except Protée, who works in the house while the servants are forced to eat and shower outdoors, exposing their naked bronze bodies to the eyes of the white family It becomes evident when her husband Marc (François Cluzet) leaves for business reasons that Aimée and Protée are sexually attracted, but the rules of society prevent it from being recognized openly. In a revealing sequence, she invites him into her room to help her put on her dress and the two of them look at each other's image in the mirror with a defiant longing in their eyes, knowing that any interaction is a taboo. <br /> <br /> The young France (Cecile Ducasse) also forms a bond with the servant, feeding him from his plate while he shows him how to eat crushed ants and carries it on his shoulders on walks under the night sky. Despite their bond, the true nature of their master-servant relationship is evident when France orders Protée to interrupt her conversation with a teacher and take her immediately to her home, and when Protée is by her side at the dinner table. dinner, waiting for your next order. . When a plane loses its propeller and is forced to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move to the complex until a replacement part can be located. Each visitor shows his disdain for the Africans; one, a rich owner of a coffee plantation, brings food left over from the kitchen to his black lover who hides in his room. Another, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), a white arrogant Frenchman, alters racial balance when he uses the outside shower, eats with the servants and mocks Aimée for his attraction to Protée, which leads to a final emotional confrontation with the servant. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is comfortably autobiographical, adapted from the childhood memories of the director, and is slow-paced and as mysterious as the inveterate isolation of the land on which it was filmed. Denis emphasizes the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing the characters. There are no victims or oppressors, no good simplists. Protée is a servant, but he is also a protector, since when he is on guard over the bed where Aimée and his daughter sleep to protect them from a hyena. It is a sad fact that Protée is treated as a child and not as a man, but Bankolé imbues his character with such dignity and stature that it diminishes the pain. Due to its rhythm, Western audiences may have to struggle to fully appreciate the film and Denis does not, in Roger Ebert's phrase, "train our emotions". The truth of Chocolat lies in the gestures and looks that touch the silent yearning of our hearts.
