This is a romantic comedy with emphasis on comedy for a change. As usual, the lovers - Sally Field as the queen of the soap opera almost on the hill, Celeste Talbert; and Kevin Kline, as a marginal and untalented actor, Jeffrey Anderson, are working for crossed purposes, apparently not realizing that they are madly in love, etc. Due a bit to Margo Channing of Bette Davis in All About Eve (1950) and in general Following the theatrical tradition of Slapstick, Sally Field goes above hilarity while deviating from the path to love and happiness. Kevin Kline, one of the most underrated leaders of recent years, is also very good and very winning, as he manages to be handsome, vulnerable, selfish and friendly at the same time. <br /> <br /> The center of misfortune around Celeste's fear of losing her audience when she has entered her forties, and reaches the point of crisis with the arrival of her niece, the aspiring actress Cori Craven (Elisabeth Shue) It turns out that she is NOT your niece, with the complications of subsequent plots. Cori manages to get a small part of the telenovela as a homeless deaf and dumb before discovering her true relationship with Celeste (and also with Jeffrey Anderson), but it does not matter. <br /> <br /> As romantic counterpoint o The leaders of the band are Robert Downey Jr. (telenovela director, David Barnes) and Cathy Moriarty (Montana and Nan nurse). David Barnes is very good for her, but he only cares about one thing: getting rid of Celeste so that it shines more on the set. To this end, he gets Barnes to do all sorts of things to destroy Celeste's career, but through chance and / or perverse logic, all his attempts go awry, to the delight of the spectator. <br /> <br /> Whoopie Goldberg plays Rose Schwartz, the main writer of the show and the alter-ego and confidante of Celeste, while Carrie Fisher has a modest part as producer of the work. Those are more fun than just another parody of the world of soap operas I've seen (Young Doctors in Love 1982, which blew up the TV General Hospital and was pretty good). Soapdish is more fun with a dazzling script and lots of laugh-out loud phrases and excellent performances from Field, Kline and Downy, Jr. But see this for Sally Field, which is exceptional.
