Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy transforms natural materials into ephemeral works of art, assembling rocks into egg-shaped landmarks, filling the rock pools on the riverbank with fiery flowers and sewing thorns and twigs in intricate cobweb designs. An original work and some photographs of his other creations are hidden in a corner of the Southampton art gallery (near where I live), but although I found these pieces intriguing, I only realized the wonder of Goldsworthy's work when I had the Lucky to see a re-screening of Rivers and Tides. <br /> <br /> Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by a beautiful instrumental soundtrack by Fred Frith, makes Goldsworthy and his art come alive by showing the artist in action. The initial scene captures him by merging fragments of icicles into a set of snake-like threads on a tree stump. Working with his bare hands and teeth, Goldsworthy creates a beautiful and ephemeral work. In a short time, this delicate sculpture melts in the bright sunshine of Nova Scotia. This scene is among the most beautiful in the film, but the breadth and inventiveness of Goldsworthy's work are remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both successes and failures, capturing the frustration of pieces that collapse before they are completed, as well as the glory of those that shine, if only for a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself provides the narrative, speaking slowly but thoughtfully about the topics of his work. He makes clear his need to work with nature, to be alone in it and to deepen his understanding when trying to work with natural materials, even when they seem to be working against him. Sometimes it's simple and funny; other times fight for words to express your purpose? something that is quite understandable when witnessing his amazing work at first hand. The "Rivers and Tides" of the title become increasingly relevant as we see that natural materials pass through the artist's hands, which flow from one form to another. The capture of the creation and dissolution of Goldworthy's work is itself a surprising work of art. <br /> <br /> Although Goldsworthy works with very diverse materials and covers territories in North America and Europe, the presentation of works of art one after the other in this film is exhausting; It gave me the same feeling of fatigue that I have when I spend too much time in an art gallery and I have a hard time assimilating something new. A brief interval in which we introduce ourselves to Andy's family and hometown is all that breaks the long succession of his works of art. However, Reidelsheimer does an excellent job photographing Goldsworthy and his creations, placing them in their wider environments, from winding Canadian rivers to rainy Scottish slopes. Appropriately, the film ends with Goldsworthy throwing handfuls of dirt and snow into the sky. Fugitive patterns emerge from dust particles even when they dissipate in the air; This is the purest expression of beauty found in the work of this remarkable artist.
