I admit that for the first 20 minutes or so of this movie I was not entirely sure I was going to sit through the whole thing. Like many other people, I found it quite boring, and I was not looking forward to an hour and a half to see this guy chop icicles and paste them. However, if you feel at the creation of your first job long enough to see the finished product, you will have an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the film is. I really think it's sad that so many people find it incredibly boring or a reconsideration of ideas made by other artists. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Tides is a quiet study of some of the works of art and methods of Andy Goldsworthy, who makes his art completely out of things in nature, usually resulting in pieces that nature will consume through the normal. Entropy process. It's slow and unattractive, but I think a large part of the film's goal is to show that Goldsworthy's art does not need any accompaniment to appreciate it. I've even heard people complain about how he's always talking throughout the movie, instead of letting nature and its works of art speak for themselves, which I think is crazy. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, many things People complain that CDs come with the lyrics written inside them. Many musicians also think that their music should mean what the listener wants it to mean without the musician showing the exact lyrics, I think I am the kind of person who thinks I would like to know what the artist was trying. to achieve with your work of art. I can still take it as I want, even if I know what I was meant to do. I can understand that I do not want to hear him speak through the movie. After all, he loses his line of thought and finds himself unable to explain part of his work on more than one occasion, but if he does not want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while watching the movie, do not hesitate to turn off the sound. It's like not reading. the lyrics if you do not want to know what a musician is singing and you would prefer to interpret the words yourself. <br /> <br /> I think the work of Andy Goldsworthy, who had no idea that it existed before I looked at this movie, is incredibly impressive, and I'm glad that this movie was made to show it. In fact, since his work is not usually the kind that can be transported to a studio, photography is the only medium that is not the film that can express it, and I really appreciate being able to see the work that is included in his art and the way in what he does. That only things of nature are used. Whether or not I appreciate certain aspects of how this film is presented, Goldsworthy's work moves far enough to pass it by, since the film is not the star, Goldsworthy's art. And given the lack of music or even the smaller special effects and the slow nature of the film, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows it.
