Zero day has a purpose and this is not simply entertainment, it delivers a message about the shootings of its specialized schools. Tracing the lives of two friends, Andre and Cal, before an attack on their high school. <br /> <br /> While the movie started in a somewhat modest way, an ad made an ad for the next attack in the amateur style of teenagers followed by some brief encounters with families of children. It's not long before we take care of business with children who show us their collection of weapons, their fetishistic love for them, their sporadic narcissistic fantasies in expansion and even in a controversial scene how to build pipe bombs. <br /> <br /> So, what is the movie trying to say? What really motivates these soon to be murderers. It seems difficult to really pinpoint. Certainly, they do not see themselves as cold-blooded psychopaths, but they are planning an act of sheer brutality. This brings me to what I feel is the genius in part of day zero. Cal and Andre constantly talk about how much they are on a different level, how far above the rest of us we are and how "they will leave us all behind". Like the column killers, they really feel superior. Like Nietzsche's sentiment, Cal and Andre's value system seems to have been born out of the rejection of their society. However, we only have a glimpse of this, for example, an expression of hatred towards a popular athlete. So, where is the motivation? What I feel is that Coccio portrayed two individuals desperate to make a declaration of superiority a gesture of their power but that they have no reasonable place to do so. That is why they resort to mass murder and the kind of thing that will attract them more attention than they could ever realize. This is the reason why, in part, school shooters seem capable of performing atrocious acts despite coming from good loving and stable homes. Murder is part of a fantasy, Cal and Andre are totally lost in their fantasy and can hardly see the reality of their actions. They turn fantasy into tragedy. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the most fascinating thing about this film is the character development and the unique dependence that Cal and Andre have on each other. Andre is throughout the film openly the leader of the two, the embrace of Cal by his attitude and attire seems somewhat forced. Andre is tense, Andre is intense and serious. He completely rejects others, except his family, is meticulous and precise in everything he does and, for a time, seems to be the main engine of the plan to attack the school. However, he is nice in his own way, he does not accept adolescent nonsense and in part we feel compelled to agree with him, but these moments are shattered by Andre's fleeting gestures of violence towards us, the audience that treats us as confidants and possible victims. Cal, on the other hand, seems more relaxed than Andre, more accepted from reality. However, he is in his dominant way. We have many personal moments of introspection with Cal's video diary, scenes in which he is alone and apart from Andre. Cal seems to be struggling with his own personal demons and using his plan to exorcise them. Andre is jealous that Cal goes to the prom with an old friend, he wants Cal to be for him alone. Cal applauds Andre and encourages him. For the first time in his life, Andre seems to have found someone who believes in him and who, by admiring him, can not lose him. Although Cal has found someone who offers a way out. <br /> <br /> The film certainly accelerates and improves as it approaches its grim conclusion. There is an excellent moment when Cal attends the high school graduation party. Suddenly, the star of the film becomes shy and introverted, nothing at all with her companions. However, we are inclined to feel more connected to Cal than to the noisy and noisy crowd that screams youthful obscenities while drinking heavily in his limousine. His is a very common and recognizable episode. We do not want to relate to them, when it's over and Cal is back with Andre quietly preparing one of his final videos, we like the characters to feel comfortable in the fantasy world they created. We want to reject the masses as they have done. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is excellent. The final video shows Andre and Cal getting into their car just moments before attacking. It is too real and really creates a sense of imminent death. We know that we know Cal and Andre and we realize that they are about to do it, with a kind of morbid fascination that we are also enjoying the catharsis films. <br /> <br /> The capture of the massacre in the manner of CCTV is sometimes shocking, and although it was certainly the perfect choice to represent the massacre, if we were to see it, it is not free from defects. What is more significant is the sudden radical change of perception we have of Cal and Andre, when we observe them suddenly, these are the insensitive assassins that we knew would still refuse to acknowledge that they would. It is violent and real, our heroes have become monsters and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy, which costs them everything. <br /> <br /> The final scene shows a group of teenagers who burn themselves by burning the crosses erected. Andre and Cal are disgusted that they have been remembered. Having met Andre and Cal, we can only feel almost the sadness that they have really gone away forever and that they certainly did not gain anything. <br /> <br /> Zero day is a must for anyone interested in these violent acts sensationalized by the media. It is a study of characters that is worth experiencing.
