As always, controversial films like this have mixed reviews. Either you love it or hate it, and not everyone will like this movie. This shows the perspective of the murderers, which is something that I personally think is something important to consider. You can hate them, you can say that you understand them and feel as if you could relate to them, but in spite of this, this movie will make you think about school shootings from a different perspective. <br /> <br /> The film was completely filmed using a handheld camera, something that I think works pretty well since it makes it more realistic. It is completely told from the point of view of the murderers, from their "missions" to family outings, everything that leads to the great day "Day Zero" in which they plan a massacre at their school. Zero Day does not offer answers, but it simply presents a look at the lives of two troubled young people and lets the audience decide for themselves. Our feelings towards children are something mixed between sympathy and hatred, but nevertheless, it leaves us confused about why two ordinary young people would do such a thing. It shows that they are surprisingly normal, typical teenagers who lead ordinary lives, and if we did not know what they were planning, we would not expect anything (they make it clear throughout the whole movie that nobody else knows about their life). plan) <br /> <br /> The performance is extremely good if you consider that the two actors are completely unknown. We can only expect to see more work from both of them in the future. Even though this is a fictional movie, one can not help but notice the obvious similarities with Columbine. Calvin and Andre are very similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, (not so much in appearance, but in form) As someone who has investigated Columbine exhaustively, I could see the similarities and almost certainly based on it. <br /> <br /> The actual massacre is shown through surveillance cameras at school and it is one of the most chilling things I have seen. I was completely shocked after seeing it, and it's a feeling that lasts for a while. It is very realistic and well done, and it is very difficult to see. <br /> <br /> Overall, Zero Day is an excellent movie, and I think everyone should at least take a look at it. In the past, we have always labeled killers as "psychopaths" and assumed that they were either biologically related to the disaster or influenced by the media, but since Day Zero sometimes shows the reasons are deeper than that, and we can never Really understand why tragedies like these As gunfights happen in schools, we've seen it from the perspective of murderers.
