The Nonborn tells the story of a married couple named Virginia (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga) who have tried to conceive for the past five years, Virginia has had two spontaneous abortions since then and is desperate to have a child. They visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after some of his friends recommend him. Dr. Meyerling says he can help them have a child. Dr. Meyerling operates in Virginia and it is soon confirmed that the surgery has been a success and Virginia is pregnant. At first, everything seems perfect and the Marshall could not be happier, but their perfect lives do not last long, since the pregnancy of Virginia presents problems, gets in a bad mood and acts totally out of place and receives a worrying phone call from Beth (Jane Cameron), another woman who has undergone a procedure by Dr. Meyerling, who claims that Meyerling is actually using his patients for his own sinister purposes and, in fact, is a disgraced genetic researcher. Virginia begins to question what is growing inside her ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Rodman Flender. In fact, I thought The Unborn was a decent horror / thriller (it's definitely NOT a science fiction movie like the IMDb would make you believe) that I was pleasantly surprised. Henry Dominic's script tries to be different and must take some credit at least. The Unborn bets on psychological horror instead of cheap scars and bad special effects, has a pretty smart story that works and is based on basic human fears. It moves at a good pace, although it's not exactly an action-packed movie in any way. The climax was good and seemed like an appropriate way to round things up and warnings about problems with genetics seem even more relevant today than they should have been at the time, maybe Flender knew something that the rest of us did not know. On the negative side, it lacks elements of exploitation and is, in the end, a film based on dialogue that focuses mainly on one person, so it can sometimes be a bit boring. Also, I have to mention it, what did Erath say about that smiling black dwarf skater, eh ?! <br /> <br /> Director Flender does a good job, The Unborn is far from being the most elegant or visually interesting movie. done but it's good enough. The atmosphere is good and there is a little tension, since what Virginia has inside her and the sinister plans of Dr. Meyerling are not fully revealed until the last possible moment. In a disappointing way, blood & gore is almost nonexistent, which somewhat disappoints the film because, in retrospect, nothing really memorable happens, The Unborn is based on a good storytelling that is fine, but in a week I doubt I remember it too. br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is fine, I imagine that The Unborn had a fairly low budget, but it is well done, even if it is a bit bland and forgettable. The baby creature is actually a decent special effect and has a fairly realistic facial movement. The performance is good and this was one of the first acting works accredited to the star Lisa Kudrow (1994 - 2004). I have to be honest. I do not like friends. I do not even know who she was in this. I can not tell you how he did it. <br /> <br /> The Unborn is a good thriller and horror movie that deserves to be better known and seen, it's much better than a bunch of low-budget trash that wasted the video store. . If you're a horror fanatic and you're looking for something a little different, something smarter and more than normal, I think you could do much worse than The Unborn. Followed by a stupid continuation of The Unborn II (1994) that I saw right after this, review my review if you want ...
