WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not really, keep reading). Ahhh, there are so many reasons to become completely addicted to this false gem that I will not have room to list them all. The opening credits establish the playful scene with cartoon frames of the late 1950s; a lovely Perez 'Prez' Prado mambo theme that seems to be curiously uncredited (but its grunts are unmistakable, and no one else made them); and with family cast names, including Kathy Najimi a full year before playing with the Sisters 1 and 2 plus Teri Hatcher of TV Superman. <br /> <br /> Each scene is imbued with shallow injustices with various actors, actresses and Producers on daytime TV. Taking a look behind the careers of these people is just an excuse for an old and delicious farce. Robert Harling wrote this unbridled parody that is presented as an issue of MAD Magazine, but it feels like a gift to us in the audience. Some of the cliched characters are a bit tenuous, but they are all filled with jealousy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), who is the perennial leader of the show, dubbed "America's Sweetheart." The opening of awards like Emmies during the day presents us with Celeste's program, The Sun Also Sets. Against all the vain fears on the contrary, Celeste returns to win. She is delighted, because it is always "such a genuine emotion": "Adam, did you see, I won! Well, nguh ..." The reason for Adam's absence soon becomes the justification for the whole plot, and We are in a moment of travel on a journey with the neuroses of Celeste. She screams, screams and wriggles her hands for the rest of the movie while her Tawnee dresser (Kathy Najimi, constantly harassing Celeste, unseen through Celeste's paranoia fog) likes the taste of Tammy Faye Baker, which Tawnee had been specifically hired. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has seen it all before. She is the main writer of the program, and she and Celeste have been excellent support networks with each other for 15 years. Then, when Celeste goes crazy, Rosie offers to fire her from the program for six months: "We'll just say that Maggie went to visit the Dalai Lama." But Celeste has doubts: "I thought the Dalai Lama moved to Los Angeles." "-Well, then, another lama, Fernando Lamas, let's go!" This line of skewers should be rather offensive to the actor of meatloaf Lorenzo Lamas, son of the aforementioned Fernando Lamas (deceased in 1982). <br /> <br /> Those who can remember the professor of economics (Ben Stein) on the Ferris Bueller Off Day (1986), as he mortally calls the roll ("Bueller, Bueller, Bueller"), will have the pleasure secret of seeing him again as an imbecile writer. Another well-hidden cast member includes Garry Marshall (in real life, Mr. Happy Days and Penny's brother), who "receives $ 1.2 million to make command decisions" in The Sun Also Sets; He says he definitely likes "bouncy and cheap". "and Carrie Fisher as Betsy Faye Sharon, who is" a bitch ". <br /> <br /> Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is the theater" delicious with a spoon "(and he is, by the way) the actor Now rescued from his Hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr), and returned to the same program that was canned from 20 years earlier.Of course, this presents some logical challenges for current writers because his character, Rod Randall, was supposed to He had been beheaded all those years ago, somehow solving the logical difficulties, and Geoffrey Anderson leaves the choo-choo. <br /> <br /> Celeste now can only get worse, and his trick of crossing the Washington Bridge It does not help First, her hands tremble as she tries to put on the mask, but soon she degenerates into a stalker.Unfortunately, she can not get rid of Geoffrey Anderson so easily.A Geoffrey has been promised the development of her one-man work about Hamlet, and he wants to er that the producer fulfills that promise. "I'm not going back to Florida in any way!" Argues Geoffrey. "You try to play Willie Loman in front of a bunch of old farts who eat meatloaf!" And in fact, seeing the lifestyle of Geoffrey's dinner in the theater among all the jokes and accidents is a lot of fun. Back in Florida, with his fat suit Willie Loman in his room, Geoffrey Anderson used to bother being called on stage as "Mr. Loman." He was forced to spray any cockroach crawling on his TV with a shoe, and use pliers instead of the broken analog channel changer. Now he is like the delicious surgeon who comes out with Laurie Craven, the new ingenuity of the program; so it does not go away. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Elizabeth Shue (as Laurie) completes the incredible cast that makes the fantastic work of those who know stereotypes very well. But, of course, the course towards true love was never carried out without problems. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) is getting impatient waiting for her star to rise up and is desperate to get some publicity. <br /> <br /> Will their plans finally succeed? Will Celeste calm your nerves, or kill Tawnee first? Will the producer get Mr. Fuzzy? -You will only have to see * the second half * of this mutiny completely friendly and farsically malicious. <br /> <br /> And you will really have to see to believe how the short-sighted Geoffrey reads his lines without The TelePrompter's living glasses. If you are not in stitches with laughter laden with stomach and tears in your face, feel free to claim your money for the rental of the video. Soapdish (1991) is a must-see gem that you'll need to see again and again, because it's not often that a movie can offer so much with so many funny lines. This is a very well-crafted humor, almost everything in writing. A tie with Blazing Saddles (1974) for its apoplectic value, although otherwise different. Look at it and cry A happy source for anyone's video addiction. 10 out of 10
