A couple of years ago, I had bought (and enjoyed) the MGM DVD of two Kolchak TV movies, THE NIGHT STALKER (1971) and THE NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the universal set of the subsequent television series came out, I had intended to buy it immediately, but the rumors of playback problems with the dreaded DVD-18 prevented me from adding it to my collection; Recently, I placed an online order that consisted of a series of Universal Box Sets at a discount and I also decided to buy the KOLCHAK 3-Discer. <br /> <br /> Having seen it now, I can safely say that I did not. I do not regret having bought this beloved (albeit brief) crime / horror series: it can follow a standardized formula: the daring and witty journalist Carl Kolchak, marvelously played by Darren McGavin, gets into everyone's hair with his attitude (the nervous editor Simon) Oakland, long-time colleagues, various authoritarian figures, a lot of monsters and villains, faces the inevitable (and usually supernatural) threat alone, but, finally, is pressured to keep his story a secret, but it is a victory (later). Driven by an impressive list of guest stars and remarkable credits behind the scenes, which makes the show a lot of fun. <br /> <br /> That said, the quality varies from one episode to another and the modest budgets that were given results in specific The effects of make-up and makeup that sometimes leave much to be desired (for example, the werewolf in the entry of the same name and the silly alligator creature in the last installment), not to mention the fact that they were restricted to 50-minute programs and intended to be consumed by the family, rather excluding a simplified and healthy representation of his often intriguing psychological and metaphysical themes (in the case of the werewolf, once again, he has never seen anyone bite but, in a foolish way, he is made to simply throw people around)! <br /> <br /> While the hero's cynical narrative does much to lure one into fantasy plots, there is a good deal of comedy relief in each episode (often, but not exclusively, around the relationship from McGavin with Oakland or the geeky reporter Jack Grinnage) - to say nothing of a reasonable environment (the stage, for the most part, is Chicago) and suspense. To make the trip even more enjoyable, there is a rebounding score from Gil Melle 'and Jerry Fielding. <br /> <br /> For the record, the monsters found (but not always defeated) by Kolchak throughout the series are: a resurrected Jack The Ripper, a variety of cults (Voodoo, Native American, Aztec), aliens, vampires, werewolves (reviewing your overly familiar concept by having this particular episode completely set on a cruise ship!), Doppelganger, Satanist, marsh creature, mass of electricity, robot, apeman, witch, motorcyclist without a head, succubus, armor of a knight taking a murderous life of his own (the episode with perhaps the best cast, with John Dehner as police captain, Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) And crocodile. Some of the actors (apart from those who play Kolchak's co-workers) return in the same roles: Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as law enforcement officers), John Fiedler (as an employee of the shrewd morgue) and Richard Kiel as two different characters of the hero If I press to choose the best (or the most entertaining) episodes, I favor HORROR IN THE HEIGHTS (co-starring Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and those mentioned above THE KNIGHTLY MURDERS - while , as the weakest, I would go for THE WEREWOLF (due to reasons I already explained) and CHOPPER (based on a story invented by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the set contains no extras: It would have been nice to see a detail in which the numerous concepts discussed in KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER were discussed, as well as putting the series in the context of television in the moment of its original emission, or even denote the lasting influence it had. in the seemingly endless series of popular science fiction nowadays. In fact, Kolchak himself, with a much younger and ostensibly darker appearance, returned in a 2005 revival; this version is available at my local DVD rental shop ... but, for various reasons, I'm not sure I want to see it so soon after the 1974-5 classic.
