There are two different ways to enjoy this seminal television program written quickly (the "godfather" of X-Files and Buffy, etc.); like a monsters show (it scared me so much when I was a kid!), or like a well written / acted gumshoe / film-noir. It works on both levels. It is possible that the tremor has been diluted over the years (IT WAS done in the mid 70's), but I was pleasantly surprised to rediscover the program (through a DVD) that I actually enjoy it MORE now for these last reasons . The late Darren McGavin is Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, tenacious and wrinkled journalist / monster hunter who, in search of a story, always finds a supernatural angle; Much to the pain of the overburdened and depressed Kolchak boss, Tony Vincenzo (played with a tremendous weariness of the world by the late Simon Oakland, you can practically feel the pain of his budding ulcers). The interaction between these characters is squeaky and ingenious (like Spock and McCoy from STAR TREK, only more acidic!). In the course of two TV pilot films and a one-season series, Kolchack battled vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, aliens and ancient legends (sounds like the complete 9-year series of X-Files! In one season!). And Kolchak did it first! And as for the great and main music of the main title of the composer Gil Melle ... well, the creator of X-Files Chris Carter says that Mike Snow's main title theme (very similar) X-Files is a "tribute" " Both topics work well; leave it. And unlike many modern horror / science fiction programs, most of KOLCHAK's monsters are displayed in the shadow and in quick cuts (effectively and sometimes, fortunately, since some of them do not stand up to modern scrutiny) , but some still do). Modern horror shows take note: Less is more! One of the few flaws of the show (and it is a small one) is the excessive use of the sunny places of California that pass through the windy city of Chicago. NIGHT GALLERY had the same problem; Inevitable for a modest budget, program based on L.A. And some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what they are (now) seen as clichés (the effeminate reporter, Ron Updike, is always used for comic relief, sweet, old woman / Emily advice columnist). But, they all HAVE to have their moments to shine (PERFORMANCE many supporting TV characters since then, cliché or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show, which serves as a template for many of those who followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror genre TV show (actor REAL's father Mulder). And as a footnote, I tried to see some episodes of the new "re-imagine" of the show. It is a clone of X-Files (a copy of a copy?). And a bad one, to that. Carl Kolchak is now a model of 30 years, quite anguished (played by a boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully-type partner is also a boring idea; It undermines Kolchak as a loner, crossed by Don Quixote! And Kolchak and Vincenzo UNDERSTANDING? Where is the tension? The game? The fact that they have chosen to hang the name KOLCHAK in this regurgitated bit of shit is a good example of how NOT to make a remake: take a beloved cult series, scrape everything that is unique, draw it of all character and color (but still The name! I need that cult creed!), And voilà! Instant Re-hash! Get an 'F' in 'Re-Imaginings 101'! This new version deserved the ax! Stay with the original short-lived, but classic. It really improves with age.
