I loved KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER since the night it premiered on September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that looked terrifying at the time and the great music by Gil Melle (hey, where are the boys from the soundtrack? ?) And I often thought about what makes this program work so completely for me and I have finally come to the conclusion that the reason why it lasts when many others do not is a simple and important element that has almost no another scary program seems to have and that is a main character that most people can relate to on a daily level. When Carl Kolchak, Darren McGavin, begins to discover strange situations, he reacts like most people do. He finds them strangers and, as he approaches danger, he becomes frightened, even if he knows that he must move forward to try to overcome any threat that may arise in that episode. It is rare that he is brave enough to face a superior supernatural force. Usually, he sets a trap and is hiding or waiting in the wings to see if it works. Sometimes, he seems so surprised that he managed to defeat an enemy like us. In an episode, he goes to look for a monster in a sewer, but when he sees it for the first time, he runs to get out of there, but he is trapped so reluctantly that he must return and defend himself. He's heroic because he's willing to do things that most of us probably would not do, but that does not mean he probably would not prefer someone else to do it instead of him. He's a normal guy, he's doing a job, trying to make money, not a monster hunter. He simply gets involved in things that involve the supernatural, in which he is interested but does not want to be hurt or killed more than any of us. If your plan to defeat the creature did not work, you will often see it running through your life to get away from it, which is, of course, what you would do in the situation. That's why I was often watching the climax of the programs through my fingers as a child. Kolchak was nice and you cared if something bad happened to him. You were afraid for him and the other characters too. Producers and writers obviously knew that anyone can create a monster costume, scary music and direct a suspense scene, but it is useless if you do not care about the characters. Darren McGavin said the reason the program only lasted for the season was because he got tired of doing a "monster of the week" show and decided not to continue. I can tell you that I cried when this program was canceled when I was a child, but, as an adult, I can see why I could not continue in that formula for a long time. I still love the 20 episodes and the two films that McGavin starred as the clumsy, determined and carefree reporter, but of good heart to the INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt that someone who does shows or movies really understands why I loved the show. They are not monsters, dark scenarios, spooky music or silly guest stars, although they are all vital ingredients. The secret of its success is in the title: "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without McGavin's adorable and clumsy Carl Mcchak to encourage and care for, then he is not a Night Stalker.
