Bill Crain's rarer than rare slasher movie certainly does not follow the standard stalking and slash standards that have become so essential to his counterparts. The coachman uses grenades and small arms this time, as well as an incredible variety of melee weapons; - a sin that is practically unacceptable in most post-Halloween genre pieces. But there is still enough familiarity to keep slasher fans from checking the rulebook and the plot never strays too far from the path you've been waiting for. Just as Wally Koz's amazing 555 number was seemingly organized with the help of several members of his family, Mirage seems to have been a joint production of the director's relatives. Looking through the credits, I noticed numerous 'Crains' listed in key positions during the construction of the function. But despite a pretty good distribution around the world, the film failed to impress both sides of the Atlantic and has now become a ghost of the VHS market. However, this only made me more attracted and, therefore, I put my resources to track a copy. <br /> <br /> Everything takes place in the middle of the dessert, and I'm sure it's not the most exciting place. However, having said that, I must admit that, of course, there will be no chance that some John Q Laws will appear unexpectedly. Four undoubtedly beautiful young men are heading to the arena for a night of debauchery and pranks that always seem to rub homicidal maniacs in the wrong way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet the entertaining New Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) hippies at a shift camp in the middle of a wild area like dunes. Greg's older brother, Kyle (Todd Schaefer), and his big girlfriend, Bambi (Laura Albert) soon join to join the applicants for the cadaver count in their search for an early grave. Kyle used to go out with Chris before his younger brother took the liberty of stealing the squeeze. something that Kyle does not seem too eager to forget. Does it sound like a motive for a massacre? Well, what did you expect? In a short time, someone invisible driving a truck with tinted windows joins the meeting with a unique set of tricks up their sleeve. Will any of the children survive to appear in a sequel? <br /> <br /> I have had trouble tracking any information about this feature. I do not even know if director Bill Crain is aka William Crain. The man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula among others. Mirage certainly does not appear in his official filmography, so I guess it's as good as mine. Judging by the credible work behind the camera, I must say that I find it hard to believe that this is the debut of a man with no prior cinematographic experience. The film is elegantly photographed with an excellent work by DP Michael Crain, and the director has a credible talent to create suspense when necessary. The gore FX of R. Christopher Biggs are creatively created and frightening, and congratulations to those asleep in the BBFC that inexplicably let this happen through UNCUT in a generally strict 18 rating. A couple of the murders are in fact extremely macabre. A man is buried up to his neck in the sand before being face to face with a grenade, while another literally ends up without legs after losing a battle with a chain and a truck. There is also a bit of black humor that surely is not intentional. We spend most of the show watching only the killer's boots when he leaves his vehicle and stalks the young. But when it was revealed that he looked hilariously like Keanu Reeves around Ted's Bill and Bogus Journey, he did not know what to expect. Fortunately, Crain knows exactly how to keep things creepy and the confrontation is particularly miserable when the psychopath mocks Chris with sadism. <br /> <br /> There are some surprisingly good performances on display by an extremely inexperienced cast. The divine Jennifer McAllister does an excellent job like heroin and B.G. Steers delicately portrays his rock dementia. The director of Casting chose wisely to choose some of the most beautiful females that have been sacrificed in the cinema and, fortunately, does not have the cost of spectacular potential. The soundtrack works well to create the desolate atmosphere of isolation, which is carefully handled by a director who should have been signed and nurtured by the Hollywood bigwigs. Watch for the excellent sequence of nightmares that is really a horror movie at its strangest moment. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good late entry to the cycle that was unfortunate to miss a year of boom among the elite slasher. When you consider that this was done only with a cast of seven and a truck, you have to say that they did a very good job. The failures are numerous, but never detract from the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you are more likely to find liquid gold in your cup of coffee than to have tracked a copy. If you see this dust cover on the top shelf of your local video store, then be sure to pick it up. Recommended.
