This has to be, without a doubt, one of the most rambunctious comedies ever made. Beginning with the animated bubbles, the emerging bubbles, the entrance to the Daytime Awards, the usual imbecile of the stars on the red carpet, the acceptance speech rehearsed and misinterpreted, the poisonous comments made by the jealous companions of the actor and producer. , under false smiles. Now that's only in the first few minutes. Then, all hell breaks loose from there and only becomes more frantic and ridiculous. Ridiculously, no, make it a great way. This was the first time I saw the always lovely Teri Hatcher. While it is possible that she is not a follower of Desperate Housewives, she herself is always observable, the same is true of Lois and Clark. I am not a great follower, but if I find an episode I would see it. Robert Downey, jr., Takes a big turn as David Seaton Barnes, a sleazy, sleazy, snaky, snaky, snaky, producer who would give his right eye to see Celeste Talbert Sally Field leave the show, if only at last be able to achieve it. with Montana Moorehead by Cathy Moriarty. <br /> <br /> Moriarty shines absolutely in this movie, just as he did everywhere he has appeared. Here, all you have to do is shout: "I HATE YOU, I HATE YOU WHO BELIEVE YOU!" Or give an evil smile to one of your co-conspirators anti Celeste, and she has me rolling down the halls. Yes, Cathy Moriarty is a very talented actress, and a great comedian. Sally Field withdraws with gratitude from the usual 70-mm-long Tragedy movies of the week, and they all remind us why she is who she is today, since she started in comedy without fear of anything. Her later years of drama had hidden her sense of humor, but like a caterpillar in a cocoon, the brilliant comedian who had blossomed was a joy to see her as hilarious as she was. What happens with the actors and dramatic actresses is that you see in such heavy and serious roles, that you associate them with your character and you can not believe it when you see them having fun on the screen. <br /> <br /> How lucky the producers were to get Carrie Fisher, if only for a glorified cameo. She does not realize the presence she has on the screen. She takes a role that, in the hands of a minor actress, could easily have been forgotten, but she owns the character and seems to have written it herself. <br /> <br /> How lucky was Elisabeth Shue to get Shot in the middle of all this! At that time, she was not very well known by much. Adventures in Babysitting was a nice thing (yes, I was dragged into a nightly show for which I had to pay the full price), but she did not get much attention. But here, she takes full advantage of her character: the niece of the star who falls in love with the former partner and lover of the star who, of course, turns out to be the niece's father, and the star turns out to be the star. The mother of the poor girl. <br /> <br /> I'll stop there. I think I practically wrote a book about this brilliant comedy about the inflation balls, or at least about a novel. If you've seen it, then remember. If you have not done it, you have missed a true classic, but not really. The DVDs are made of a material that will last at least 25 years, and this movie is timeless, so, what the heck.
