The original movie, The Odd Couple, has some wonderful single-line comics. It seems that the whole world knows the story of the neurotic fan of Felix Felix Ungar and the funny, hateful and vile Oscar Madison. This combination of unmatched roommates created one of the most successful television series of all time, as well as innumerable, not-so-good imitations. <br /> <br /> The movie Odd Couple has some wonderful jokes about Oscar's apartment and his careless Habits. He says: "Who wants food?" One of his poker friends asks: "What do you have?" Oscar says: "I have brown and green sandwiches." "What is brown?" Either it's very new cheese or very old meat! "I also love the line about Oscar's refrigerator," He has been out of service for two weeks, I saw milk there that was not even in a bottle! "There is no doubt that Walter Matthau's Oscar Madison is a pleasure to see on screen ... It's almost as good as Jack Klugman's version in the television series. <br /> <br /> The problem with the movie is Felix Ungar Jack Lemmon, a very honest effort on paper, the problem is that it makes Félix SO depressing and even though it becomes more annoying than comical. Tony Randall's performance in the series provided the kind of humor, warmth and sensitivity to Felix's character, of what Lemmon's portrait lacks.Felix Unger, of Tony, could obviously be a little annoying.However, in the television series, it was related to specific situations where the nuisance was necessary in the plot. Felix Ungar de Jack, (notice the different spelling) in The Movie, seems never to be happy, funny, or inter esting The movie Felix Ungar is a roommate who makes you climb the wall, all the time. <br /> <br /> The movie still has great moment s that stand the test of time, the "famous" meatloaf fight is one of the best scenes ever. One of the other great examples of Felix's "little notes" on Oscar's pillow will be remembered forever. However, there are some darker sides where Oscar runs over, his "crying" near the end after screaming at Felix, and a scene involving Felix's dinner at Linguine, (though illuminated by a graceful line) seems more depressing what a funny br /> <br /> Maybe there was not enough time to see the clearer side of these characters that made the series so memorable in the movie. The first 20 minutes are very boring. The same problem occurs with Felix's conversation with the Pidgeon sisters. The end of the film is predictable and too much pat. There is very little care or compassion for each of them for the other. The result is that the darkest side of the film leads to a lot of depression and anger, rather than comedy, unless you're watching the big scenes described above. It seems that the monotonous personality of Jack Lemmon's Felix reduces the film, rather than enhancing or encompassing the comedy between the characters. <br /> <br /> He really took the television series of the 1970s to make The Odd Couple the best he could. be. The original movie is still very good. However, the television series is much better.
