['There is more to offer at the opening of The Odd Couple than in most movies. Felix Unger (the poor man&#39;s monogram even curses him) registers at a New York hotel. A cleaning lady says &quot;good night&quot;. &quot;Goodbye,&quot; he replies. In his room, he empties his pockets and then removes the wedding ring just to put the items carefully in an envelope, addressed to his wife and beloved children. When the spectator finally puts it together, aha, he himself is going to remove himself, we see him fight to open the window, oh no, he&#39;s going to jump, the poor man hurts his lower back. This is all you need to know about Felix Unger: his wife has left him, is a compulsive cleaner and is a hypochondriac. And all in one scene. This is the particular genius of Neil Simon&#39;s comedy: it&#39;s about the situation and the character. There are some obvious physical jokes: there are no kicks in the groin, no cheap jokes, just funny characters in uncomfortable situations. And, of course, he is a master at manipulating the expectations of the audience. Coming from the time of the Swingers, imagine what I thought of the scene of the date when Felix begins to lament for the breakup of his marriage with the girls, his roommate, Oscar, has worked so hard to get to his apartment. He is blowing it, right? Think again. Girls love their sensitivity, their ability to cry in front of them. They invite him to return to his place since his meatloaf has burned because Oscar was not paying enough attention. He&#39;s in like Flynn, right? Uh, yes, but he does not want to go with the girls because he feels vulnerable. Good thing. And it has been further enhanced with a style that minimizes editing and maximizes the wonderful set of eight-room apartments. You have Jack Lemmon and the loafer, Walter Matthau for Chrissakes, why ruin it? The visual style reminded me of Breakfast at Tiffany&#39;s, since the great effect is made from a great depth of field and the interaction between the different planes of action. Particularly memorable is the scene in which Felix, fleeing from Oscar, closes a partition only to realize that the partition does not cover the side where Oscar comes from. You will get a real idea of the layout of the apartment and, therefore, the proximity of the two divorcees. The twist here is that these two are really married to each other. So observations about married life that could be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy become more poignant since they are two types.']
