I do not think he really gave Walter Matthau his due as a comedian. He has certainly been wonderful in many happy roles, but I suppose he always attributed his success to the evil and cruelty of his characters, a harsh contrast to the extravagant personality of his frequent co-star Jack Lemmon, and, I suppose, a natural extension of his work. previous in dramatic pictures. Seeing "The Odd Couple (1968)" by Gene Saks, adapted from a popular work by Neil Simon, the performance suddenly clicked: Matthau is, in his own right, absolutely hilarious! Initially beating the audience as dirty, coarse and generally unattractive, his Oscar Madison eventually manages to make his way into our hearts, culminating in a hilariously exaggerated confession of emotions that Matthau scrapes with a voice that is not entirely his. At the same time, while remaining a comedian, his interaction with Lemmon is, of course, perfect; In fact, the film belongs to both actors, who have never failed to illuminate the cinema screen by themselves, much less together. <br /> <br /> Remembering Billy Wilder's script for 'The Apartment (1960)' This Neil Simon comedy is based on a pretty morbid premise. Felix Unger (Lemmon), a compulsive cleaning worker, who has just been evicted by his wife for twelve years, tries to commit suicide, but he unsuccessfully abandons the idea after he crashes his back trying to open the hotel window. Dejected, he arrives at the house of good friend Oscar (Matthau), a divorced bum who lives alone with a diet of chips and green sandwiches (which may contain very new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar kindly offers Felix a place to stay, but soon he is overwhelmed by the delicate personality of his friend and the constant insistence on absolute cleanliness. The couple forms a kind of unusual marriage arrangement, with Felix taking on the role of an effeminate wife and constantly annoying, and Oscar as the careless, contemptuous husband who always comes home later than he is supposed to. This is a marriage that lasts only three weeks and, by the end, we can completely sympathize with Felix's ex-wife, who remains invisible. <br /> <br /> 'The strange couple' is a great comedy. especially because he has a lot of heart. Despite everything they discuss, it is obvious that the two roommates are very fond of each other, which is most moving when Felix tries to launch into a furious diatribe. maybe inadvertently? Finishing informing Oscar how "heads" his. The couple's four poker friends (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are also constantly getting upset by some dark annoyance, but there's no denying that they have the best intentions. His decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him may have seemed fine in theory, but perhaps being ignored was not the right solution to Felix's gloomy feelings of inadequacy and inconsistency. Unlike some comedies based on popular plays {I was recently disappointed with Wilder's 'The Seven Year Itch (1955)'), this film not only plays the same chord at all times, and the relationship between the two protagonists develops progressively, through Tears, laughter and much disagreement.
