I received this film from a cousin in Norway and I had to convert it from Norwegian to American format with a copied video. Comparing this film (1948) with the Telemark Heroes (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (The Fight for Heavy Water) kicks out the saboteurs, playing their respective roles, although the actors also played the roles of the saboteurs who have given their lives in Norway's struggle for freedom in subsequent campaigns. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian together with French, German and English (complete with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> Impressive during this course of history was what led to the fight. French scientists were interested in getting about two hundred kilograms of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to take them to France and to do laboratory studies on their effectiveness. Simultaneously, the Nazis were also interested in obtaining heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were concerned that the Nazis could take an early advantage by invading Norway and, through secret codes, their man eluded the Nazi spies carefully on their trip to Oslo, where he received the heavy water and returned unimpeded. He was seen by two spies while boarding a passenger plane, but they did not see him jump to the other side, where he crossed the runway to another nearby plane where his cargo was waiting for him. This ingenious trick worked using the passenger plane as a decoy that the Nazis forced later in Hamburg. <br /> <br /> However, the invasion of Norway on the morning of April 9, 1940, the Nazis took control of Norsk Hydro and it corresponded to Norwegian clandestine and British intelligence in London to act. Professor Leif Trondstad offered the services of eleven young Norwegians; the groups "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" that would sabotage the production of heavy water in Vemork. This was shown in detail about how they actually carried out the operation, including the collapse of the ferry after the Nazis left Norsk Hydro to take the shipment of heavy water in wagons to Berlin. <br /> <br /> Movie quality was fair although there were many joints in the movie. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in the history of World War II.
