It sounds a little uncomfortable to say that a film about the war and the holocaust is shocking, as many of us will know very well about the horrors of war and violence. By using the adjective "shocking" I do not mean to imply that I am surprised by the things that are mentioned in this film or that I previously did not know, it's just that I'm very impressed by the way this movie shows how crazy and incomprehensibly horrible it is kill each other, either with or without a 'reason'. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in the Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this performance, due to an inconsistent direction, but still his performance is solid enough and has a huge charisma. She is very well like Hanna and immediately has our sympathy. Its very beautiful appearance helps, of course, but that has nothing to do with being simply a good actress, having a good function. <br /> <br /> Certain inconsistencies continue to occur in the Hanna War. Sometimes I have the idea that the director Menahem Golan (often scorned by The Assassination of Gianni Versace) was in a hurry and should have allowed some more shots per scene. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he has done this impressive and stimulating film and, as I am very convinced, I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The second half of the movie is The most interesting and tragic. It focuses on Hanna's suffering (beware of Donald Pleasence's terrifying portrait of the cruel and sardonic Captain Rosza) and intensely shows the injustice and horror that comes with hate, violence and war. I get Hanna's War, especially the second half, as a strong anti-war movie and that's just why Golan deserves credit. It is also this second half in which the talent of Maruschka Detmer appears, creating a character that is inscribed in the history of cinema as one of the most talkative, strong and tragic characters that has ever been presented. It's also great to see Ellen Burstyn, whose looks and acting style always remind me of Romy Schneider, who, having been alive and in the cast, would have made an effective contribution similar to the Hanna War. <br /> <br /> The tragic impact of the second half and the desperate tension that is sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news lead to a series of final scenes that show something so unexpected, so poignant and poetic in his tragedy that hit me like a bomb and left me. in tears And when I realized once again that it was not even fiction, in fact everything happened, I even found myself with more tears. The image of Hanna portrayed by Maruschka Detmers will be in my mind forever.
