An unbridled farce in the world of glamorous daytime soap operas! This movie is hilarious! It is true that we have to like films with shouts, hysterical dialogues, exaggerated performances and melodramatic plot twists. But if you do, a big surprise awaits you. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, the "Queen of Misery" on daytime television. Celeste's comfortable life is shocked by the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long-lost niece and, at the same time, Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline, splendid as always), Celeste's long-time lover . But Celeste has been hiding a deep, dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey could bring it to the surface. Add the diabolical Montana Moorehead (a wonderful Cathy Moriarty, in full "beautiful woman with testosterone to spare"), who is making a great effort to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), Weenie Boy's soap producer who is secretly conspiring with Montana to ruin Celeste; and, Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), screenwriter and the only confidant of Celeste, and a lot of subplots and general chaos await you. <br /> <br /> Chaotic comedies like this are hard to execute (does anyone remember 'Mixed Nuts'?), but when done well, it can be a lot of fun! An important ingredient that is necessary for any good comedy is the recruitment of experienced professionals who know that often the funniest things are not said but they are seen in an expression or a look. Field, Kline, Goldberg and the rest work together so well and they are having a great time that it is hard not to be attracted by their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is clearly the weakest link here, but it only draws attention because it is surrounded by Field, Kline, and others. Moriarty is a standout in the striking role of villainy, it makes you think of the hottest Dominatrix you've ever seen! There are also many familiar faces that you will recognize in small roles (but, nevertheless, all very funny), such as Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. The director Michael Hoffman maintains the accelerated rhythm and the histrionic plot advances towards the grand finale. The script by Robert Harling, carefully constructed to present a telenovela in a telenovela, must also be mentioned. The dialogue is full of great lines, brilliantly cast by the actors (I would be willing to bet that many of these things were improvised). <br /> <br /> Look, if you want to see a lot of the professionals who do what they do best and have a great time doing it, put your hands on this. If it is not for something else, it will put you in a good mood and make you laugh!
