['This movie captures a lot of criticism, but generally it is based on the horrible appearance and the covered and dressed version of the movie that showed the television of the EE. UU And that was also aired on VHS and DVD buying companies like Alpha, Unicorn, etc. The film never had a theatrical premiere in the United States, although it was picked up by the Avco Embassy in 1973. In Spain at that time, when there were nudes involved, the filmmakers filmed two versions, one with clothes and one without clothes. The export print dubbed in English completely uncut was titled WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS, and it seems that it was released to the domestic video only in Sweden in the 80s. It can be found on Ebay and the likes and is highly recommended. I guess Avco cut the movie for an R-rated release that never happened. In 1974 it was launched by Avco on television entitled FURY OF THE WOLFMAN and the dressed version was used for this TV print. Cut 12 years later and FURY OF THE WOLFMAN appears in the home video on the Charter label. This version seems to be what Avco was going to launch in &#39;73. It is the discovered version, with a bit of nudity that would never happen on TV or in a PG movie. There are several scenes in the tape of Charter that are reproduced with nudity and are dressed with the impression of the TV (the source of all those editions of Dud&#39;s and VHS in dollars). But a comparison with WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS completely uncut reveals that 2 scenes are cut in this version! (Spoilers in the next paragraph) The scene in which Ilona has Waldermar chained to the wall and flogs him after he transforms into the werewolf is incomplete. After flogging him to submit, she begins to take off her clothes and begins to make love with the werewolf. The werewolf responds positively to these sexual scams as well. This scene is certainly one of the most unusual in the history of horror films and it is a delight. It&#39;s not graphic, but the implied bestiality was too much for the US audiences. UU., Or more likely for the MPAA. Ilona is desperately in love with Waldemar and could not possess him, which is why all her plan is to control Waldermar&#39;s wife and involve her in an adventure. She wanted to destroy her marriage, and she succeeds while Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately he returns a werewolf, but this does not slow it down a bit. If she can not physically have him as a man, she loves him enough to have sex with him as a werewolf. This also helps explain the last scene in which the werewolf sleeps with a woman he sees undressing before going to bed while looking out the window. This scene is presented without nudity in the covered version and it really does not make sense. In the uncut version, it seems that Ilona&#39;s affections have made the werewolf hot and needs to break free, so he rapes the first woman he can after escaping. The other cut is a full scene of Waldemar in bed with Karen and she is seen naked. A very similar bedroom scene was also removed from the US version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN). The movie has its problems, however, by the way. The director was drunk, the bad substitute for the werewolf in the points, the dreadful English dubbing, the inclusion of sequences from the first Waldemar film MARK OF THE WOLFMAN aka FRANKENSTEIN&#39;S BLOODY TERROR and the excessive and grotesque use of the musical score of that movie, etc. seen in its original and uncut panoramic format (ie, WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS) is one of the wildest and most scandalous of the Daninsky werewolf series, with an unrivaled plot line in everything except the sink&#39;s approach to the kitchen. The cut / dress panning and the full-screen scanned copies of this movie do not favor it, and unfortunately that is the version that almost everyone who commented on the film has seen. The film is copyrighted in 1970, and I would bet that the 1972 release date in the IMDb is incorrect. The film precedes WEREWOLF SHADOW (also known as WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) in the series and was certainly released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The end of WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS / FURY OF THE WOLFMAN fits directly into the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, offering concrete evidence of this. Unfortunately a full version of this can never get a decent release. A perfect release would be the English version without cuts, but in Spanish with English subtitles. The dubbing in English seriously hurts the movie. But any version in Spanish would reflect the covered version as shown in Spain during the Franco era, where nudity was verboten.']
