I saw it when it was released and I saw it again at the IFC. This is a great account of the many possible stories about the population of immigrant farm workers who came to Hawaii to work on the sugar plantations at the beginning of the 20th century. My grandparents were part of that migration; My parents were born on a plantation in Kohala (Big Island) at the time of the staging of the film. I moved to Big Island more than a year ago after living in California for more than 30 years. I was surprised to see that many of the old sugar cane fields are still undeveloped, with wild cane still growing, years after the plantations closed. I have heard many stories of my aunts and uncles who were children growing up on the plantation. This movie helps to visualize that kind of stories and memories. This story is more a historical document than a romantic film based on the plot. It lets me shake my head to read a review like Ccthemovieman's. Some people just do not understand it. <br /> <br /> I do not remember that Youki Kudoh had the lead role, with which he did an incredible job. I remember his excellent performances in Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train" and in an Australian film, co-starring Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning". Tamlyn Tomita did a great job with her pidgin English, especially for someone who did not grow up in the Islands. He had forgotten that Toshiro Mifune had a secondary role as the narrator of moving movies. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had an unaccredited part, that does not speak, as one of the plantation workers during the payday scene. <br /> <br /> I was sad to find out that the director and co-author, Kayo Hatta, died in an accidental drowning in 2005. <br /> <br /> There are two other excellent foreign films that reflect this experience of planting cane : "Gaijin" on immigrant cane workers in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same period of time; and "Sugar Cane Alley" about the plantation experience in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin", unfortunately, does not seem to have been shown in a long time. Another great film about the experience of the first Asians in America when immigrants were more slaves is "A Thousand Pieces of Gold". This was established on the participation of Chinese workers in the construction of the railway, starring Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
