Distortion is a disturbing and disturbing film about life that imitates art and art that reflects life. Haim Bouzaglo, the director of the film, plays the role of Haim Bouzaglo, an artistically blocked and sexually impotent dramatist, who is inspired by his suspicions about the subject of his girlfriend's documentary. As an Arab suicide bomber, disguised in a hat and an American T-shirt, runs through the landscape in search of his target and his nerves, Haim transcribes the life of his girlfriend while filming his documentary and incorporating him and the life of his actors during the essays. But the attacker has already hit and Haim has left the restaurant a few minutes before. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is crystal clear, complete and absorbing, a brilliant comment on the "distortion" of Israeli daily life, where politics is intertwined with the personal, where everyone lives "to the limit" and people never know if they are playing leading roles in their own lives or are simply bit players in someone else's dramatic narrative. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays with this notion that they are all actors in another person's production in a brilliant way. We are always travelers, seeing what the fictitious director sees illicitly but also what the "real" director chooses to reveal. To remind us that these flashes are violations of privacy, Bouzaglo takes us to the bathroom and the bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is the street and the roof), and repeatedly frames his views within the television, video or security screens. The actors play the role of actors who represent the "real" characters played by the actors. Of course, each of the actors is the star of his own production, barely aware of his diminished roles in the personal films of his fellow actors. The detective hired by the dramatist becomes a character in the play. The actor hired to play the role of detective seeks the detective to obtain "advice" on how to play the role, is captured by the detective on surveillance tapes and attend a party of the cast as his true self. <br /> <br /> Despite this multiplicity of points of view, we must not confuse the clear lines of this narrative: the playwright looks for the theme, the attacker seeks an objective and the detective stalks the filmmaker. Nor is there any difficulty in locating Bouzaglo's final goal: Israel enervated and impotent, fully aware of the threatening danger but incapable of meaningful action. Israel is Bouzaglo, the impotent fictional dramatist who cannibalizes his own life for his work. Israel is also the bankrupt soldier-entrepreneur who is the subject of the filmmaker's documentary, deceptive actors and actresses and the cuckold husband. All of them are Israel because they are helpless, trapped in inaction or in action without direction, while the bomber explores the landscape in search of its best objective. All the characters can do while reporting another attack is to have sex and maintain the "score" of the victims. <br /> <br /> There is personal triumph, vindication, perhaps revenge at the end of this work within a story within a movie. but the spectators will be left with the pain for the state of Israel even when they are full of admiration for Bouzaglo's memorable interpretation of the plight of a nation in telling the story of an individual.
