This is possibly the best film director that Haim Bouzaglo has done so far. An expert television director, well trained in storytelling and directing his actors through long epics, tried to capture in this very low-budget film the essence of the very special psychological situation that Israelis experience despite the permanent danger of terror. attacks, resulting in 'distorted' lives. Each character tries to live his own life, to see and control the other, while he himself is observed and controlled by other characters and, for the most part, by the continuous pressure, by political and historical forces that are beyond his control. Some call this destination, but fate has a very specific representation in this movie. <br /> <br /> There is no explicit political saying in "Distortion". The characters never argue about politics, even at the level of saying 'bastards!' When they hear of a new terrorist attack. His reaction to the events is to locate the attack and count the victims using the official terminology and the media for the dead and wounded. They do not really live, but they survive on borrowed time, happy to have survived a bomb and waiting for the next one to happen. Personal, social and professional life seems to work in some way, but it is deeply flawed and influenced by events. The main character played by the director is a playwright whose personal and creative crisis of middle age is amplified by the pressure of events and by the fact that he is lucky enough to leave a terrorist attack site minutes before the bomb. He hires a private detective to follow his girlfriend, who is a television investigative journalist and suspects that it is becoming the subject of his next program: another unsuccessful man, a former military man, whose business and family life is dismantled at events. He begins to write a work that imitates reality and will take it to the stage, in a movie scene in a scene reminiscent of Hamlet, as well as to 'Synecdoche, New York'. It's not that I would suspect that Charlie Kaufman looks over Bouzaglo's shoulder, he certainly does not need that, but the Israeli director's screen is bright to anticipate the latest film (and the first one directed by Kaufman). As in American cinema, actors interpret real people and begin to interact with them in a mixture of reality-scenario-encounter-reality-that never lacks logic, at least not of artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo directs his actors with the usual talent, trusts them and allows them the freedom to live situations instead of acting. His style is much freer here than in his television series, and the effects of "distortion," though borrowed from American horror films, work quite well everywhere. The ending seemed a bit rhetorical and dramatically unsatisfactory, but the shadow of the suicide killer who is stalking the film and the whole situation in a temporary loop will also follow the viewer as he later recalls this film.
