I have read with great interest the only comment available before mine about this film and first I would like to say that I understand the point of view of the previous user who commented very well this film: seen from an Israeli perspective, I can imagine that this film is very good very delicate topics and that the smallest detail can be of great importance to a viewer who is more or less directly interested in the events described in this film. What I would like to say is that 'Distortion' was shown at a film festival in Geneva in November 2005 (Festival 'Cinéma tout écran') where it won the audience prize ('Prix du public'in French). As far as I am concerned, I liked the work of "nervous camera" of Mr. Bouzaglo, who, in my opinion, portrayed very well an atmosphere of extreme tension and restlessness in the film, and I think most of the Swiss viewers appreciated this in the movie. This perspective, however, may seem totally "alien" to an Israeli viewer, but it is not so surprising when it comes to Swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country that has NEVER been subject to any terrorist attack. Therefore, it is not surprising that the audience in Geneva judged this film with a much more 'independent' perspective. I would also like to quote what Mr Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by a Geneva newspaper (I am translating from French): '' After 50 years of living here and after suffering all this violence, we can ask ourselves if it is still possible to remain normal . Sometimes we can think that it would be easier to commit suicide than to continue living. We are like the characters in my movie, "on the edge of the border." This is the reason why the private detective, who is in some way "voyeur", is the happiest character in the film, because he earns his living thanks to the system, takes advantage of this situation. "This is, in essence, the The main thing that I and the Swiss public, in my opinion, point out in this film, and that we do not pay attention to some inconsistencies with respect to the characters in the film that the previous critic pointed out with great precision and humor. Different country = different perspective, but I think this is in some way great, because it reassures me by what affects the future of cinema, that is, it should never be subject to a "unique" Format 'way of thinking.
