Great little thriller. I expected some kind of silly horror movie, but what I got was a short, narrow thriller that did not waste our time. Most of these films have to get into the stories of the characters behind, so we will either feel sympathy for them or hatred when people start to die. What nonsense here! Yes, you see some characters, but in reality they only interact with the directors. As the wife of the husband in the motel whose room was canceled. We saw them so we could know how efficient Lisa's character was and how inefficient the new hotel employee was. We see the girl simply because she will have a very small but important role later in the movie when everything breaks. The Flight Atrendants because in particular we need to advance in the plot. The bad guy in particular needs it at the beginning of the flight. The rude guy at the airport was also important for the movie. The only 2 characters that were only 5 liners without use for the plot were the two young people on the plane. That was smart because I thought they would have something to do with the plot. From the first scene to the last, the female character, a young hotel executive named Lisa, is in charge. Even when Jackson shows his true colors, she does not get scared. She thinks what she can do to stop the time. Encryption. In any other cantidades, intelligent women would act as idiots. But it is not. It was a very short movie and I was waiting for the usual plot devices to appear because the movie seemed to be coming to a quick conclusion. Fortunately none of them was used. The new hotel employee did not make the usual call and told him what to do, which is panic, he dropped the phone and ran out of the hotel without saying anything, or interrogated his boss and told him he had a lot to drink and that he just dismissed her . . Was Craven should do more of these types of movies. Also one last comment. Brian Cox is in the movie, but I had no idea who he was. I had to come here to see that he is Lisa's father. He is completely unrecognizable.
