-A very beautiful redhead woman waiting for her plane meets a charming young man with whom she connects. When the two take flight and sit next to each other, young Jack becomes mortal when he threatens Lisa with changing the room in which a politician and his wife will stay, or that his father dies. See that that's what happens when you fly by bus, things like that never happen in first class. <br /> <br /> -Apart from having a conflict that takes place on a flight, the other thing that this movie shares with. "Flight plan" is the incredible disbelief * if it is a word * of the story. The whole goal is to get the main character to change a politician's room so he can be killed, which is a pretty plausible plan, but will not it be easier for Jack to find someone who has computer skills and make him pirate? ? in the hotel system? Teenagers today can almost do anything with computers, so I'm pretty sure it would have been easier for him to just have someone change it using a computer instead of going through the trouble of spying on Lisa and doing that she got into the difficult situation. She lands in the movie. <br /> <br /> -By another thing that seemed strange to me, was that nobody in the plan heard only one thing they were talking about. Here there was talk of a very small plane and, since their voices were raised occasionally, it seems to me that the other passengers should have heard something. But I'm 100% sure that I'm reading too much on that. The film is meant to be as realistic as an episode of "24", so you should not be puzzled by such complexities. However, for all my complaints, this is still a very funny movie that does the job. It is not exactly the type that requires closing your brain, but at the same time does not require a great intelligence to enjoy to the fullest. <br /> <br /> -I would love to sit here in my comfortable chair and I was excited by the brilliant performance in the movie, but I really can not. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy, and I like Brian Cox, but they do not really stretch their acting muscles here. It's not really a big problem since this is not the movie that the studios hope to win multiple prizes and the acting is not at all horrible, it just is not great. Wes Craven is not exactly the first thing that comes to mind when you think of a movie like this, but he does a very good job considering the time they had to shoot the film and the lack of depth in the script. It was definitely a great improvement over the disappointing "Cursed" and as much as I would like him to do something different with this movie, I would still love him to do again what he did in the past, which is a great horror movie. We talked about decades after its launch. <br /> <br /> -A good thing about the movie that I really appreciated was how short the movie was. It's great to sit and watch a good movie for three hours or so from time to time, but nowadays it's as if every movie that came out was too long, while this movie felt like the right length. Not too long, and too short. They do not waste time trying to develop the characters too much because they know that it is not the film for that and in doing so they made a very nice short film. Being a big fan of film music, I have to say that the best part of the film is the ultra great rating of Marco Beltrami. It is very nice to see Beltrami move from writing predictable things to the great music he is doing now. I really like the cool techno / orchestra that makes for the main titles. Too bad I can not find the soundtrack anywhere, I would have loved to hear the titles at any time I wanted, instead of having to put the DVD when I want to hear it. <br /> <br /> -In general, it is nice for what it is and while it is far from being a great cinema, it should still provide some entertainment of an hour and a half.
