Red Eye begins in Texas, where receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is about to take the last "red eye" flight back to Miami, where she lives and works. While waiting for their plane, Lisa meets the attractive and charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy) and both seem to collide, then, when boarding the plane, they discover that by coincidence they are sitting next to each other. Once the plane takes off and they are in the air, Jackson reveals who he really is and that his apparently casual meeting was not a coincidence, Jackson says he is working for someone who wants to assassinate the national security secretary Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia) And they need her to change their rooms in the hotel where she works in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to phone the hotel and make it happen, or his father will be killed ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Wes Craven, who may be best known for his horror films such as The Last House on the left (1972), A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), The Serpent and the Rainbow (1989), The People Under the Stairs (1991) & The Scream trilogy of teen slashers, a small fast-paced and flashy thriller as Red Eye. A great deviation from the kind of film that Craven usually makes. The script by Carl Ellsworth turns it into a surprisingly exciting thriller that I must admit that I really enjoyed, with only 85 odd minutes of duration, it's a very fast, economic and direct movement to the type of film that focuses almost entirely on a single piece, taught to trace instead of going in several directions with many subplots. Some may like this approach like me, while others may not, but I think it attracts you much more to the action, as it gets faster and faster without the film slowing down and giving you the opportunity to relax . I really liked the plot of Red Eye, surely a movie like this will always have one or two questionable moments in terms of plot, but what the hell, it's a movie made to entertain and for me that's what he did. I really liked the two central characters, Lisa is very nice, while Jackson Rippner (an obvious work with the name of the notorious Victorian serial killer, Jack the Ripper) is a suitably slimy villain with a cold "I'm just doing my job 'mentality' Another positive point is that I did not think anyone behaved too stupidly, they all looked like human beings and the films are developing in a relatively plausible way, I really liked this and it is one of the best recent films of Craven. <br /> <br /> Craven becomes a good tense, solid, taught and fast-paced thriller with an engaging cast, some good action and an exciting plot.It certainly does not stop and once the action and tension, never leave, far and far, the most effective part of the film is when Rippner holds Lisa hostage on the plane and once the film changes to the p Adres de Miami y Lisa The house becomes a bit more routine but still good. A special mention is for Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely beautiful in this, I could probably see Red Eye again just because she is in it and looks immutable. Those who see the name of Wes Craven attached to Red Eye waiting for a horror movie should rethink, since there is no horror in it (despite the IMDb list "Horror" as the Red Eye genre). I'm not sure about the end, on the one hand it was nice to see the villain live for a change that goes against the traditional expectation, but it could have been more satisfying to see Lisa kill him in some way. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks apparently gave Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44,000,000, but reduced it to $ 25,000,000, although it is still a very well made movie with brilliant production values. Currently shot in Los Angeles and Florida in California. The film was supposedly written with husband and wife Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn for the protagonists, but ultimately the creators opted for younger drivers. As I said, Rachel McAdams is pure candy and she's a total babe in this and it's worth watching the movie on her own. Oh, and she also has a decent performance. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a small thriller full of tension and very fast, which I enjoyed immensely, I did not think I would enjoy it as much as I did. And I'm glad I decided to see it. This definitely receives a recommendation from me and Rachel McAdams really is a hot topic in this ...
