On a night flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man who turns out to be a hitman who demands his help to kill a businessman or his own father will die. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a fantastic thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. The premise is similar to that of Cellular and Phone Booth, but Red Eye is better than both movies. Almost everything about Red Eye is above average, including suspense, acting and direction. Most of the film takes place on a plane, but that does not slow down the movie. The film is very fast and exciting, with no slow or boring points. Wes Craven does a very good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on emotions, it focuses on the story and the characters. The movie has its share of moments of suspense, but that's not really the movie. I also like the way Wes Craven focuses on the other passengers and the small details that become important later on. Red Eye really shows their storytelling skills. <br /> <br /> Red Eye also works well because of its young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams offers a very attractive performance and her character is hard to hate. You can even end up animating it out loud. Cillian Murphy gives a very spooky and effective performance as the villain. The way he behaves charmingly at first, but then becomes psychopathic, is especially impressive. The supporting actors are also pretty good, like Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very elegant and has a spooky atmosphere in general. The adjustment works well since there is an obvious fear of isolation and there is no escape. In general, the tone of the film is constantly creepy. The script is not as strong as everything else. There are some unrealistic moments that can distract the viewer. Most of them did not bother me, but there were a few that left me shaking my head. Also, the ending is disappointing. It's not a bad ending, just a very simple one and a different approach would have been better. Since the film focuses on the characters, there really are no screaming moments, maybe just a few jumps. If you expect a horror movie, you will end up disappointed. In the end, Red Eye is an exciting thriller and is one of the best movies of the summer. Rating 8/10
