The "intervention" has helped me with my own addictions and recovery. I am a married father of middle age of two children. I am quite functional in my personal and professional life. However, I have pain over my past because I use addictions to calm down and the problems from which I am slowly recovering. When these addicts and their families share their lives with me, they help me improve my life and my relationship with my family. <br /> <br /> The program, unlike many others, delves into the addict's past and reveals events that probably caused his addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too frightening to go back and do, as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of the truth in the individual and unique history of our childhood." The program deserves a lot of credit for having at least started this process. This dig is painful and difficult, but it's worth it. So much coverage of the addiction, fictitious and not fictitious, seems to ignore the underlying problems. It is often assumed that the addict only one day began to shoot or whatever for fun or pleasure or self-interest, and now they can not stop. Not so: addictions are about killing the pain. I can relate to the different events and difficulties in people's lives. There are common themes, and surprising exceptions. Many addicts have suffered miserable abuse. Some children simply respond badly to divorce. For those who think that addiction is an exaggerated reaction to a difficulty, I would only say that different people respond differently. Although some children handle divorce well, others, like Cristy in the program, "collapse on the floor" and the event changed his life forever. <br /> <br /> For example, the counselor from last night said that The beautiful young Andrea seeks validation from men. She seeks money for a neighbor of 75 years and allows men to abuse her. Does it sound familiar to anyone? The series is full of information that we can use to understand our own motivations and make adjustments to our lives. We are often the ones with the smallest problems who suffer the most time. As they say, even a stopped clock is correct twice a day, but a slow clock can go unnoticed for quite some time, until it makes your life miserable. <br /> <br /> To the producers: Thanks for doing the Show, for digging in the past, for the follow-ups. In addition, the graphics, format and theme of the music are brilliant. <br /> <br /> For addicts: thanks for the value of sharing. Whether you have helped or not, you have helped me.
