I just got an episode about Brad, the cocaine crack addict who devoted himself to a life as a drug addict on the streets after his bicycle race went to the trash as fast as it started. I must say that the history of his cycling career was more heartbreaking than his drug addiction. Here is this young man who is winning bicycle races to the left and right and is invited to train with an Olympic training team for two weeks, and immediately upon arrival insults Lance Armstrong, one of the best athletes that ever existed, and it is generally cruel and hostile. to everyone in general. Understandably, he is soon asked to leave. Most of the program is about his fight against addiction and how he got his life back, but what he wanted to know was what was wrong with him in the first place to make him act like a fool. <br /> <br /> In any case, I was confused about how the program was organized, as it shows Brad at the height of his addiction. We see images of him handling the bread and sleeping in ditches and ditches and even smoking crack cocaine. He did not even know it was legal to show it, but why did a camera crew follow him and film that? Do they do that in the hope that this guy will change their life and give them material for a good television episode? <br /> <br /> In any case, it is an enlightening show, because it shows the effects of various addictions and the total control that can be done with the lives of people. Sometimes it is difficult to see because you really see how badly families and friends suffer from the indifference of the addict, although I have to admit that in the end everything seems too clean. There are times during episodes where terrible things happen and everything seems lost, but still, and maybe I should warn about the spoilers here, everything has a bit too much of a feeling of happiness in the end, and I have the feeling that's something Very rare in real life. But still, it's a program about people trying to help other people, and you can never complain about something like that?
