I find that I enjoy this show, but the format needs some work. First, good attributes. I like the way this program will take us through the everyday life of an addict because producers have the ability to make the addict show us how badly they have allowed them to become their lives. This is followed by an intervention that is then followed by a result. The intervention does not cover things and, sometimes, the result (often in the short term due to the time constraints between filming and broadcasting) is a negative result. This makes the positive results better. <br /> <br /> Another thing that I like about the program is the quality of the work of the camera. Given the reality that these cameramen have to squeeze anywhere and do not have the advantage of taking scenes again, the picture is surprisingly good and stable. In fact, it is superior to scripted programs such as "The Shield", where photography is so bad that it can cause nausea. <br /> <br /> Now, for the bad. An episode will sometimes contain two completely different and unrelated cases that will mix during the show. You will be stuck in the history of an addict and, suddenly, you will be involved in another's story. Get caught by that story and, suddenly, you go back to the first addict ... or do you? At this point, you may have forgotten in which case the person who is currently on the screen belongs. This constant flip-flops between addicts really becomes disturbing during the intervention scenes because the program will even mix the two completely unrelated interventions! Once I heard the marketing of B.S. reason for this poor design: "The show can be so intense that changing another addict gives the viewer time to absorb what he is seeing." Oh please. Clearly, the reason why this is done is because they have two cases that are not big enough for a one-hour program, so they mix two. Mixing them instead of giving each half-hour block, as they should, forces the viewer to see everything (and the commercials) if they are interested in one case but not in the other. <br /> <br /> I used to find these episodes of "blender" so annoying that I only told my TiVo to record episodes that contained an addict, but then it became easier to simply record them.
