THE SECRET OF KELLS is an amazing first animation feature that will dazzle your eyes and move your heart. The shortcomings of the limited budget of the film and, sometimes, limited animation, are more than offset by the visual poetry of the story of the heroic quest of young Brendan to become a master illuminator during the dark ages. Historically, this was at the end of the 8th century, when the Irish learning centers were surpassed by the Vikings. The Vikings appear here as brute antagonists, the equivalent in the northern seas of the sacks and the Mongols to the east. The narrative of the film, which works more like a parable, focuses on the conflict between Brendan, who seeks to create beauty in his illuminations during a time of darkness, and his stern uncle the abbot, who seeks to protect the city of Kells and his nephew with a wall that stands as a barrier against the Norse. The abbot ignores the value of Brendan's art in his quest for security. This is the outer conflict of the movie. Brendan's inner conflict is finding the hidden eye of creative enlightenment that will allow him to complete the most difficult painting of the Book of Kells. This eye is protected by an Ouroboros Dragon, which destroys from within those who are not suitable for this search with the same certainty with which the Vikings will kill from the outside (That's the most important thing in the story I'll divulge!) <Br /> <br /> What I really like about this movie is the imaginative understanding of its creators of some of the best works of art to survive in the West for 1200 years. The characters are stylized in flat abstract forms defined by line as in the original Book of Kells. (Particularly noteworthy is the monk's pet cat Aidan, defined in a few lines, but purely, and even magically, metamorphically feline). The variety of emotions that Brendan and the other animated characters convey given its economy of abstract design is a tribute to the excellent art of the director and his animators. The decorative edges at the edge of the image change to complement the dramatic impact of a given scene, and this feature of the illuminations of the dark ages leads to the wonderful life animated in THE SECRET OF KELLS. Of course, historical dramas usually tell us more about our own times than the times that these dramas attempt to represent. However, by introducing archetypal elements in this story, the writers and directors of THE SECRET OF KELLS convey a great sense of life lived from that distant time in Ireland that feels psychologically true, however much the script may deviate from the historical fact pedantic. . (The band of UN illuminators that appears as a club of rogue artists in The SECRET OF KELLS are not historically probable, but they are all well-designed and individualized characters that do much to convey the universal appeal of this quintessential Irish story. Animation has always seemed the best vehicle to help us understand the visual art of different eras and cultures.The magnificent artistic direction of this film clearly derives from its historical visual source, but it has also adapted skillfully to the demands of the narrative animated If the animation had existed in the Dark Age, the SECRET OF KELLS is what it would look like! Finally, the search for Brendan's hero in this film is the artist's perennial search to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being a preacher or even a particularly Christian, this film affirms Jesus' saying that "He man does not live alone with bread "). In my opinion, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists is ANDREI RUBLEV by Andrei Tarkovsky, a film about the great Russian icon painter of the 15th century. The SECRET OF KELLS expresses much the same sense of mystery and enthusiasm about the visual search and creative process of the artist. Certainly, it's not as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but --- hell --- it's a caricature! (And one that will attract young people and adults alike.) I think this film will stand up to repeated visualization: in its modest way of affirming life, this stylized SECRET OF KELLS is a classic.
