There is a theory of time that postulates that all the moments that once existed and will exist, actually exist at this time. It is too much to wrap around the head, but perhaps it is a bit of comfort to those who wish they can return to a simpler place and time. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), that time was twenty-five years earlier, in the mid-1930s, when her youth and glamor had the greatest promise. For my part, if I could travel back in time, I would go back to the 1950s when I grew up. Maybe in a place like Willoughby, but that's another episode. <br /> <br /> One thing that would not be so special in 1959 would involve dealing with all that awkward machinery just to watch an episode of "The Twilight Zone". How many reels do you think would be needed to catalog the entire series and then find a particular story that you would like to see? I guess you have to consider the concessions, the convenience versus the simplicity, have it at this moment or take the time to put it in the exact place where the story begins. Introducing a CD has its advantages. <br /> <br /> It surprises me a little that Rod Serling wrote a story that closely resembles "Sunset Boulevard". The mirror of Ida Lupino's character imagined Norma Desmond a little too close to be considered an original concept. Martin Balsam plays a character very similar to Erich von Stroheim, the husband turned butler whose loyalty is unquestionable. Where history differs has to do with the way Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Ted de Corsia) challenge Barbara Jean to come to reality and cleanse the cobwebs that paralyze her existence. Ida Lupino had no such reservations about taking parts that were not "big, but a good showcase." It is a real pleasure to see any episode of "The Twilight Zone" and see who appears from the past days. Sometimes you have a double chance, like the one you have here with Lupino and Balsam, celebrities who sometimes left their mark before the series began, and others later. Combined with the stories the program produced, it's no wonder they can still entertain so well today.
