After hitting the audience with three very different episodes from the start, Serling continued to introduce the viewers to 'The Twilight Zone' in a very strange way by programming one of the biggest producers in the series as the fourth episode. 'The Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine' is one of the most discreet episodes, which focuses on the inability of a movie star who is aging to cope with changing times and only presents a supernatural element in the last minutes. Due to this approach, the episode is being unbearable at first, but later presentations reveal that it is a very elegant and beautifully written story. <br /> <br /> Both the protagonists, Ida Lupino and Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam as their frustrated but affectionate agent, shine in their performances. The main problem with the episode is that the images of the actress, supposedly 25 years old, are not convincing. Lupino looks identical when he plays the young Trent as he does when playing the middle-aged Trent and this significantly diminishes the tragedy of the situation. Fortunately, Lupino is reluctant to convince us of his desperation to return to the past. It is a situation that most can sympathize with, and yet, Trent is far from being a sympathetic character. She is a prima donna who reflects little on the feelings of those around her, such as the disastrously withered co-star, whom she discreetly belittles because he reminds her of how long her days of glory have passed. It is somewhat surprising, then, that it is rewarded with a happy ending. It is clear what will happen from the moment we see the big projection screen and skillfully anticipates the first moments when Trent scares his maid out of behind the screen. However, what is not clear at the beginning is whether being absorbed by the projector will be a reward or a hard lesson to appreciate what we have and live the moment. It turns out that Trent is allowed to return to the past he longed for, a test of how strong the illusions of humans can be. <br /> <br /> 'The sixteen-millimeter sanctuary' improves with every visualization. First-rate writing and acting combine to create a short game of enormous power that reflects the nature of human beings to long for the past, even if we can never return. Except in the Twilight Zone.
