Chris Rock stars in this remake of Warren Beatty's Heaven Can Wait (a remake of the 1941 film, Here Comes Mr. Jordan), a comedy about a man who dies before his time, before he can realize his dreams and adventures in his new body (although temporary). In the Beatty version, the protagonist was a backup field marshal for the Los Angeles Rams. In the hipper version of Rock, our main character is a young fighting comedian, and with an indisputable talent. <br /> <br /> It is very funny to see Rock of great quality playing a bad comedian. It's like watching Tom Hanks play a bad actor. Lance Barton's dream is to play at the legendary Teatro Apollo on a non-amateur night. But every time he tries out his material, he is booed off the stage, so much so that his nickname becomes "Booie." His jokes are lame, his delivery painful. In short, Lance is all that the real Chris Rock is not. <br /> <br /> Lance is also a bike messenger, and he is scouring the streets to try even more material when BAM! He is hit by a truck. Ok, then maybe he was taken out of his body a tenth of a second earlier by a slightly incompetent angel (Eugene Levy), but hey, he was going to get hit anyway. There are no dice, it seems that Lance will not win in heaven until 2044. So, what to do? Mr. King (Chazz Palminteri), the "administrator" of Heaven, reluctantly agrees to find a new body for Mr. Barton, who is not quite dead. The problem is that the body they find is from a greedy old white man. It turns out that this guy (a Mr. Wellington) has all kinds of things: he is the fifteenth richest man in the country! Lucky! You can imagine how Lance will change things. <br /> <br /> But, of course, while in the body of the wealthy Mr. Wellington, Lance falls in love with a beautiful hospital worker (Regina King). We men know how difficult it is to find a woman with our own body, but try to earn one while you're an old, chubby guy! And it's even worse when you're not impressed by your money. <br /> <br /> This is Rock's first opportunity in a leading role, and in my opinion, it performs admirably. There is still a lot of comedian standing on it, and, of course, if you ever want to get various roles, you might have to stop incorporating support routines into the script, but this is not really a bad thing. The personality of Rock, its impulse, its delivery, its behavior and its passion are what drive this film. He is clearly having a lot of fun on paper, and seems intent on making sure you have fun watching him.
