A THIEF IN THE NIGHT is an excellent fictional account of the weeks prior to the RAPTURE and the weeks after that fundamental event. <br /> <br /> I thoroughly enjoyed both the production values ​​and the content values ​​of this independent Christian film. . <br /> <br /> PRODUCTION VALUES. Hey, it's an independent movie, with a budget of shoelaces, so, it will look a bit corny (if your standard is the Hollywood A-rate). But, compared to other independent films, this movie is perfectly acceptable. More important than the acting style, the costumes and the music is the narrative itself. Is the story compelling? Do dramatic moments work? Is the trajectory of history built to a satisfying climax? The answer to all these questions is an unqualified "yes". As a side note, the really important technical things, continuity, sound, lighting, are fine. The spectator can see the show without getting distracted by careless craftsmanship. <br /> <br /> VALUE OF THE CONTENT. The message of the movie is excellent. When he considers how many ideas the filmmaker developed in a brief period of 69 minutes, he begins to appreciate his art. It presents the message of salvation, the consequence of unbelief, the danger of recidivism, the truth of the rapture and the threat of a satanic government that dominates the world with sparkles, imagination and, most importantly, for an evangelical film, with biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker is a good storyteller. For example, it develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) it shows us through action the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for our good. This is achieved in a secondary plot where the zookeeper is bitten by a poisonous snake and almost dies. The only cure is the blood of someone who is immune to snake venom. Poison is like sin; The cure is like the blood of Christ, shed on the cross. (2) The filmmaker also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. He has several characters that explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. Then, the filmmaker uses both action and dialogue to tell his story. <br /> <br /> As a side note, the fact that a film produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialogues and scenes that convey a clearly delineated message. Salvation, explicitly expressed in evangelical Christian language, images and theology is also perfectly acceptable. Criticizing this film for being explicitly Christian is absurd; It is similar to criticizing a Nike commercial to promote sportswear. What else would evangelical Christian filmmakers do, if not a movie that exposes their case? In addition, the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that unbelievers will remain in a world without God is, again, perfectly acceptable. The filmmaker admirably takes advantage of the dramatic potential of that idea. How can I know? I heard about A THIEF IN THE NIGHT by a woman who watched the show in 1974; He still lived in his memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say that? Around him, a very pleasant and stimulating show. I plan to show it to my group of teenagers in the church.
