Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Lee Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, the dark lover was an 80s television icon who had her own nighttime show on cable. He presented and presented classic American horror films, many of them campy, while offering his own jokes and comedic comments. Actress Cassandra Peterson has reached this date on that success. In 1988, his first film was released. Playing herself, she is stuck in the monster movie shows, but she longs for her own show in Las Vegas and earns a lot of money. Your agent Manny demonstrates a disappointment. It's not long before he inherits a mansion from a deceased relative, a pet dog and a recipe book. He comes to reclaim his inheritance in a small town in Nevada, headed to Las Vegas and got lost, and soon advances into the quiet community. The town's conservative woman, Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg), soon sees her as a threat to the decency and values ​​of the small town. His voluptuous figure and winning personality soon attract young people from the city. She falls in love with Bob Redding (Daniel Greene), the city's handyman / carpenter, but before any real relationship can flourish, he's in big trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), a mysterious older man who will also inherit part of Elvira's relative's fortune, is actually a very old sorcerer who has a personal vendetta against Elvira's aunt and Elvira herself. He is aware that the so-called "recipe book" is actually a powerful magic book, a power he wishes to claim for himself. He plans to shoot down Elvira by having the city burn her at the stake. How will Elvira get out of this? The film was not a true success at the box office, attracting a mostly young audience familiar with the Elvira show on cable. Truth be told, this is a fun movie and to feel good. The script is full of all kinds of jokes, some bad, some good, many sexual innuendos, visual jokes and campinismo in general, that is, the last hilarious scene in which Elvira finally has her own strip show in Las Vegas. This movie is a cult classic, for fans of Elvira. Otherwise you could not enjoy this movie. It is also a look back to the pop culture of the 80's. Elvira was as much an icon of the 80s as Alf, Vicky the Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
