From the start of her career in the 70s and largely throughout the lush 80s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has become a modest icon and a genuine cult figure in the world of horror and monster movies bad While Ms. Peterson has taken on several supporting roles in films, covering a wide variety of genres, it was her TV character Elvira who gave her the most fame. Part of its charm? and the respect of the fans ?? it resides in the fact that she never turned her back on the horror genre that made her famous (unlike many other well-known actors and actresses who like to distance themselves from their "early" work). I've only seen excerpts from his television appearances, but his cameo role in Ghoultown's recent tribute song "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to see more of his stuff. One thing had already been clear to me long before this music video: Over the years, Elvira had become a force of influence by the time the mid-80s arrived. <br /> <br /> And in 1988 , after the movies. as "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" incorporated tributes and parodies in his television work, finally happened: "Elvira, the lover of darkness", the movie. Now, I had already seen the trailer of it on the days of VHS rental, but it took me until last week to finally see the real movie. A few years ago, I was able to see "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (done in 2001), but for some reason it did not impress me too much. Was it really so forgettable, or should I give it another watch? I really want to see him again now, since this first Elvira film from '88 really convinced me. Although it may be partly responsible for making this film work, it could be Sam Egan and John Paragon with their contributions to the script, there's really no denying it: Cassandra Peterson has a great comedy feel (she also co-wrote the script). <br /> <br /> When Elvira learns that she is one of the beneficiaries of a great-aunt (she had never heard of her before), she takes it as the much-loved opportunity to start her own show in Las Vegas. To claim your legitimately inherited money, travel to a quiet New England city. But the tense people of Falwell are waiting for a gift. In less than a moment he manages to surprise and insult all the notable inhabitants of the small conservative city with his provocative behavior (often unintentionally). To make matters worse, his inheritance turns out not to be what he expected: a dilapidated mansion, a cookbook and a poodle. But what she does not know, and her evil uncle Vincent Albot, is that her great-aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes for inventing the most terribly dark powers you can imagine. And if you have not turned off the movie by the time Elvira has cooked her first course of the recipe book, then you can be sure that you are going to sit on this walk with a smile on her face. <Br /> <br /> It's amazing how a script prepared with jokes, witty phrases, movie references, inner jokes and joy of taste also manages to tell a coherent story. Simple, of course, but coherent. While other movies, which rely heavily on situations similar to jokes, often make you lose track of the story completely (like the "Naked Gun" movies, for example), this movie does not. There were many horror comedies during the 80s, but not many of them really worked. Not to mention a parody of horror that does not derail at any time ("Killer Party", although I'm grateful that this has gone completely crazy during the final) or becomes too tedious ("Saturday 14"). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than horror, it does not lose sight of what it is doing and is constantly developing towards a slightly grotesque ending, complete with a supernatural confrontation in the streets of Falwell between the newborn witch Elvira and the evil sorcerer Uncle Talbot . Including a true honest witch hunt for God and the very moment to burn in Elvira's stake. <br /> <br /> I tell you that there is no power in hell that can make this movie not so much fun. One of the first giggles I got was during the opening credits, when Daniel Greene's name appeared. Daniel who? Oh, yes, I recognized his name (and later on his silly macho face). How can one not forget Daniel Greene once you've seen ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"? But if you have not seen "Atomic Cyborg", I'm sorry, but you can not laugh with your face in this case. And on a side note: I could never have imagined Elvira looking so cool as I walked away ignorant of a service station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not have made the shot look better.
