"Elvira, Mistress Of The Dark" is a kind of "Harper Valley P.T.A." With touches of the supernatural. Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) abandons her job as host of the television horror film after the owner of the new season cools off with her. Now he is relying on a Las Vegas program to carry it out, but he finds out that he needs to contribute more money to start the program. Things seem desperate to raise that money until she receives a notice of the death of her aunt, who then takes Elvira to Massachusetts for the reading of the will. A house that needs repairs, a dog and a cookbook are all that aunt leaves to her, and again it seems that Elvira is having trouble finding the money for the Las Vegas show. The adults of this small and narrow city make things worse by making things difficult for Elvira. Only the local piece (Daniel Greene) and a group of teenagers will make friends with her. Uncle "Vinnie" of Elvira (W. Morgan Sheppard), presses to make a deal with Elvira for the cookbook, but Elvira soon learns of his powerful inheritance that includes the casting of spells and a pair of very effective casseroles. Elvira no longer wants to sell the cookbook to her uncle, but she is determined to put it in her hands knowing her power. Elvira then faces being burned at the stake by the old witchcraft charge in the city, and the confrontation between her and her uncle. The plot is quite simple, but humor and well-developed characters keep it moving at a good pace. "Elvira, Mistress Of The Dark" is full of cute, coarse, obscene and intelligent humor carried out by the many visual gags, puns, accessories, songs and skits. The touches of the hidden in the film make this one of the best parodies of terror that have been made. It is a well-made film with excellent performance by all artists; including Edie McClurg and Jeff Conaway (from "Grease"). There are also good special effects. Many people (including myself) wondered if Elvira's character could take a movie, and the answer is lovely, YES!
