"Why did they make them so big? Why did not they just give the money to the poor?" The question about the cathedrals was made by a student to Mr. Harvey during a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. "That's a good question," he replied. "Partly to inspire them, to look with amazement." I'm not sure that cathedrals have that impact on everyone, but this movie certainly had that impact on me. It was incredible! <br /> <br /> It did not start like this. For a time, it seemed to be little more than a representation of, well, a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. If you've ever been on a high school trip somewhere, it's basically that. You have a group of largely disinterested children, just happy to be out of school for a day, the bus driver who went crazy over them and some teachers who are desperately trying to keep everything under control. Been there, done that, I got the shirt was my initial reaction. I thought that in the end, this was going to be a typical story of a teacher who manages to inspire a group of disinterested students. YAWN! But it turns out to be much more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey: a grim and unsmiling teacher with a strange fascination for cathedrals. Throughout the film, its story comes out slowly and becomes the focal point of the story. They also introduce us to some of the students with problems, in particular to Helen, also brilliantly interpreted by Nathalie Press, who is automotating herself. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but it does include some powerful reflections. in religious subjects. When Harvey's colleague, Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says: "I do not care what anyone believes, as long as they do not try to force anyone," Harvey responds: "that's not tolerance, it's indifference!" - which is, in fact (in my opinion) what often happens through religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between various characters, and the final scene of the film was brilliant. When Harvey gets back on the bus, the director Susanna White makes the camera move slowly upwards, so that the final shot is simply from the sky, which reminds us of Harvey's comment that the purpose of the cathedral is make people look at it with amazement. The cathedral achieves its objective. We look at the universe with amazement, looking for something bigger than ourselves, however, we choose to define it. This is a very powerful and very inspiring movie. 9/10
