Match 1: Team Table Match Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started things off with a Team Table Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the match, both opponents must go through the tables to obtain the victory. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up early taking turns hitting Spike and then Bubba Ray. A German suplex from Benoit to Bubba took away the air from Brother Dudley. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee stopped him while Benoit and Guerrero attacked him in the corner. With Benoit trampling Bubba, Guerrero placed a table outside. Spike came running into the ring and took a somersault on the top rope over Guerrero on the outside! After recovering and taking care of Spike, Guerrero slipped a table into the ring and helped the Wolverine install it. The tandem prepared for a double superplex of the center line that would have sent Bubba to the table, but Spike hit the table just before his brother crashed! Guerrero and Benoit supported another table in the corner and tried to get Irish Whip Spike to cross it, but Bubba came running and blocked his brother. Bubba caught fire and lifted both opponents in the body drops backwards! Bubba hit Guerrero and Spike trampled the Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba kept Benoit at bay for Spike to rise in the Wassup! Headbutt! Soon after, Benoit caught Spike in the Crossface, but the game continued even after Spike retired. Bubba came to the rescue of his brother and managed to knock Benoit down on a table. Bubba jumped off the middle rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba crashing into the wood! But as his opponents did not force him through the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the game. However, the first man was eliminated soon after, since Spike put Eddie through a table with a Dudley Dawg from the apron of the ring to the outside. Benoit put Spike on a table moments later to even the score. In a few seconds, Bubba drove a Bubba bomb that put Benoit through a table and gave the Dudleys victory! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2: Cruiseweight Championship Jamie Noble vs. Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who took Nidia with him to the ring, for the Cruiserweight Championship. Noble and Kidman locked themselves in and fell on the ring, but they ran back and struggled a little more. When Kidman thwarted all of Noble's movements, Noble fled out of the ring where Nidia gave him some encouragement. The fight spread out of the ring and Noble threw his girlfriend to the challenger. Kidman threw Nidia aside, but was knocked down with a modified arm bar. Noble continued to attack Kidman's injured arm in the ring. Kidman's damaged damage hindered his offense, but he continued to fight hard. Noble tried to scare Kidman away with a powerbomb, but the challenger countered a presumptuous one. Kidman went to finish things with Shooting Star Press, but Noble broke the attempt. Kidman went to the shooting star's press again, but this time Noble simply stepped out of the way of danger. Noble turned Kidman into a power bomb soon after and got the pin to retain his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal against Jeff Hardy William Regal faced Jeff Hardy next to try to regain the European Championship. Jeff catapulted Regal over the top rope and then knocked him down with a hurracanrana from the ring apron. Back in the ring, Jeff hit the Whisper in the wind to hit Regal in a loop. Jeff went for the Swanton bomb, but Regal raised his knees to hit Jeff with a devastating shot. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick summary and got the pin to keep the European Championship! Regal started crying as she watched Hardy celebrate on his way back down the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Cena Chris Jericho had promised to finish John Cena's career in his match at Vengeance, which was next. Jericho tried to teach Cena a lesson when they began to pair him by doing an adulteration. Jericho continued to bang Cena around the ring until his arrogance overtook him. While on the top rope, Jericho began to show off and allowed Cena to grab him for a superplex. Dinner followed with a tilt-a-whirl punch, but was knocked down with an unpleasant dropkick in the stomach. The rookie recovered and hit his belly with the suplex, but he could not save Y2J. Jericho launched himself into the Lionsault, but Cena dodged the movement. Jericho nailed a bulldog and then connected to the Lionsault, but did not go looking for the cover. He urged Cena to stand up so he could put the walls of Jericho. Cena had other ideas, reversed the move in a pin attempt and got 1-2-3. Jericho went crazy after the game. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental Championship RVD vs. Brock Lesnar through the disqualification The Next Big Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View entangled with the Intercontinental Championship on the line. Brock took the referee's title and placed it over his shoulder momentarily while looking at the RVD. The speed of Van Dam gave Brock an early attack. The big man came out of the ring and kicked the steel steps out of frustration. Brock composed himself and began to take charge. With Paul Heyman beaming at ringside, Brock hit RVD on the hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began to master the RVD, throwing it easily on the top rope. RVD landed painfully on his back, and then had to suffer from the breakage of his spine against the steel rungs. The fight returned to the ring with Brock tightening RVD around the ribs. RVD broke up and, shortly after, knocked Brock down with a kick in the temple. RVD followed with the Rolling Thunder but Brock managed to kick after two counts. The fight seemed like it could have ended as soon as RVD went for a Five-Star Frog Splash. Brock, however, lifted Van Dam on his shoulder and headed for the F-5, but RVD spun Brock on a DDT and followed him with the Frog Splash! He went for the pin, but Heyman pulled the referee out of the ring! The referee immediately requested a disqualification and soon exchanged punches with Heyman! Afterwards, RVD jumped to Brock from the top rope and then threatened to hit the Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed RVD's leg and Brock picked up the champion and this time he connected with the F-5 on a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T against Big Show Booker T faced the Big Show one on one. Show resisted kicks and punches from Booker T and hit Booker in the corner. After being ejected from the ring, Booker picked up a chair at the ringside, but Big Show hit it again in Booker's face. Booker tried to return to the game by drowning Show with a camera cable at ringside. Booker broke a television monitor from the position of the Spanish advertisers in the skull of Show, then launched a scissor kick that put both men across the table. Booker crawled back into the ring and Big Show staggered moments later. Show grabbed Booker's throat, but received a low blow and a kick in the face. Booker climbed the top rope and stuck a leg jump to get the pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Announcement: Triple H entered the ring for a thunderous ovation while the fans waited to know where The Game would end up competing. Before he could speak, Eric Bishoff stopped The Game to apologize for getting involved in his personal business. If Triple H signed with RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life would never play again. Bischoff said he has spent the last two years working in a network in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for the next WWE superstar, and everyone was talking about Triple H. Bischoff guaranteeing that if Triple H signed with RAW, he would get the best opportunities in his way. Stephanie McMahon came out to broadcast her own release. She said that because of her personal history with Triple H, the two know each other very well. She said that the two were once unstoppable and can be again. Bischoff interrupted her and begged her to stop. Stephanie quoted that Triple H once told her how Bischoff said Triple H had no talent or charisma. Bischoff said he was young at the time and did not know what he had, but he still has much more experience than Stephanie. The two continued arguing from one side to another, until Triple H approached with his microphone. The Game said it would be easy to say "screw" to any of them. Triple H went to shake Bischoff's hand, but withdrew it. He said he would prefer to go with the demon he knows, instead of the one he does not know. However, before I could go any further, Shawn Michaels came out to shake things up. HBK said that the last thing he wanted to do was cause some problem. He did not want to get involved, but he remembered promising to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said there is no one in the world with whom Triple H is a best friend. HBK told his friend to imagine the two of them together again, making Bischoff's life hell. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. Then he turned and embraced HBK, making his change to RAW official! Triple H and HBK left, and Bischoff rejoiced for his victory. Bischoff said the difference between the two is that he has testicles and she does not. Stephanie hit Bischoff on the side of the head and left! <br /> <br /> Match 7: Fight for the Christian Team Championship and Lance Storm against Hollywood Hogan and Edge The match started with strong "United States" chants and with Hogan pushing Christian through the ropes and out of the ring. The Canadians took over there. But Edge kicked Christian's head and planted a facebuster on Storm to take the label to Hogan. Hogan started to get up and soon caught Christian with a big boot and a fallen leg! Storm broke the count and Christian took Hogan out of the ring, where Storm overcame the icon. Edge tagged shortly after and fell to both opponents. He nailed them both in the turnstiles at the corners, but missed a spear in Strom and hit the referee hard. Edge nailed a DDT, but the referee was down and could not count. The test ran down and knocked Hogan down, then leveled Edge with a boot. Storm tried to get the pin, but Edge was ejected after two. Riksihi ran to defend against the Test, allowing Edge to recover and launch the Storm. Christian distracted the referee, however, and Y2J rushed and scored Edge with the Tag Team Championship! Storm turned around and got the pinfall to win the title! Champions and Champions of New Champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: Championship of indisputable triple championship of the WWE. The Rock vs. Kurt Angle and the Undertaker Three of the WWE's most successful superstars lined up against each other in a Triple Threat Match with the Undisputed Championship at stake. Taker and The Rock came face to face with Kurt Angle asking for attention to the side. He drew attention in the form of a beating to the other two men. Shortly after, Taker left the ring and The Rock fought with Angle. Angle gave a series of suplexes that knocked down Rock, but the Great One responded with a DDT that achieved two counts. The fight continued outside the ring with Taker coming to life and tipping Angle's clothes and hitting The Rock repeatedly. Taker and Rock got back into the ring, and Taker dropped The Rock with a hit on the sidewalk to get a double account. Rock recovered, grabbed Taker by the throat and hit him! Angle broke the pin attempt that probably would have given The Rock the title. The Rock retaliated by clinging to Kurt Angle with ankle closure. Angle invested the movement and Rock Bottomed the People's Champion. Soon after, The Rock got rid of Angle and hit the People's Elbow in the Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage of the Great One that was out of the ring and covering Taker, who was sent off after two counts. Outside the ring, Rock took a big drink from a nearby bottle of water and threw the liquid in Taker's face to blind the champion. Taker did not remain disabled for long, and managed to dominate Rock and direct his attention to Angle. Taker dropped a guillotine leg over Angle, leaning on the ring of his apron. The Rock got up just in time to break a pin attempt with Kurt Angle. Taker nailed Rock with a DDT and prepared it for a chokeslam. ANgle tried to sneak up on a steel chair, but Taker realized that nonsense and took it from his hands. The referee was caught in the fire that followed and did not see Angle hitting Taker with a steel chair. Angle went to cover Taker while The Rock was lying, but the dead man somehow raised his shoulder. Angle tried to hold Rock, but he also threw it out. The rock rose and landed Angle in the sniper! Angle looked like he was about to tap, but Taker pulled The Rock out of the submission position. Taker picked up Rock and crashed it with the Last Ride. While the dead man covered him for victory, Angle ran and picked up Taker at the ankle closure! Taker was delirious with pain, but managed to counteract. He took Angle for the last trip, but Angle put a triangle choke! It seemed that Taker was about to faint, but The Rock broke Angle's grip only to find himself stuck in the ankle block. Rock left the warehouse and watched Taker chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit the Bottom Rock, but Taker refused to go down and threw him out. Angle turned Taker up in the Angle Slam, but the Great One touched rock bottom and was immobilized! Winner and new WWE champion: The Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally there is a decent PPV! Lately the PPV was not very good, but this was a winner. I give this PPV an A- <br /> <br />
