Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost. The feelings of pain, grief and grief can be unbearable. However, sometimes they are the memories that leave behind what triggers the saddest emotions. This theme is beautifully represented in the short film "Tulip", directed by the award-winning Australian actress Rachel Griffths. Described as a film 'both about memories and about love', a chain of sensitivity and sentimentality is expertly included in this triumphant 15 minute film. <br /> <br /> 'Tulip' is a beautiful and poignant moving story of a man's journey to accept the loss of his wife through the relationship he shares with a very special animal, the 'Tulip'. The film begins with a rising dawn, the song of birds and a vast landscape, introducing the sense of rustic harmony present throughout the film. Play a soft music, which marks the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). She is wearing a floral dress and an apron with a sun hat on her head. She gently caresses Tulip, stroking her ears and caressing her back. The furniture of the house is impressive and the attention to detail is worthy of credit (you can see a vase of tulips in the bank), which reflects the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth as she takes the milk from the bucket. They pour milk and coffee together, a sign of companionship and teamwork. Not a single word is said, but it is obvious that their relationship is close and affectionate; they paint a perfect image of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. Ruth's tragic death deeply affects Will. An effective faded car scene highlights Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral day. Soon he sinks into depression and forgets what surrounds him when everything seems lost and lost. In the moment of Will's desperation, Tulip becomes the symbol of Ruth, the genuine connection that Will has with his late wife. It was through Tulip that Will learns to deal with Ruth's absence and overcome the heartrending feelings of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each of the characters is portrayed realistically and solidly, especially the part of Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell gives life to the character through personal investment. The recent loss of his own wife (Audrey Tingwell) is effectively reflected in his performance. Each tilt of his shoulder and each frown on his forehead makes the viewer strongly empathize with the character. The character of Ruth is beautifully made by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a single word throughout the film, her sweet personality and her loving relationship with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards provide delightful performances in supporting roles such as the friendly Margaret and Mary. They also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story. <br /> <br /> An anecdote from the childhood of Griffths, the story of the loss and discovery is captured notably in 'Tulip'. Beautifully filmed and superbly acted, this film will surely make you feel hazy, triumphant or wanting to drink a cup of milk.
