I read some reviews of this film for television, in which everyone said that the film went on for too long and that it was basically a sensationalist entertainment. I agree that maybe, the film is a bit prolonged (2h30 would have been enough ...) but I certainly do not think the theme is sensational. The expansive journey of power of Jim Jones and the slow degradation of mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse are never treated voyeuristically. The film takes time to show how Jones recruited followers (the character of Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif are prominent in that subject), but also to observe a surprising change in Jones' perception of reality. It is amazing to see an egalitarian, leftist and compassionate preacher become such a destructive and cruel dictator. Maybe the film does not explore Jones's motivations enough, which can make the whole test a little superficial at times (it may also have to do with censorship ...) But the fascinating performance of Powers Boothe makes everything becomes reality. I'm not familiar with the details of Jim Jones' real life, but Boothe makes the monster he plays credible and real. The film features many strong scenes, including the problems of Jones 'preaching, Jones' meeting with Father Divine (a notable James Earl Jones), Congressman Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty)'s visit to the Guyana camp and, course, the suicide scene. He is a rather grim spectator to watch and Boothe is quite dominant in those last moments. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as one of the suddenly skeptical followers, and so does Veronica Cartwright (as Jones' wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when it comes time to drink the killer potion. The relative calm of the end of this scene, the direction of good taste and the contrasting beauty of the natural environment work to make those images absolutely impossible to erase from the mind. A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. It's worth seeing, if only to take into account one of the truly horrible events of the twentieth century. Do not let it repeat itself again. Like, ironically, the inscription in the Jim Jones camp: "Those who do not know the past are obliged to repeat it."
