The opening credits make up a bright and atmospheric piece of escapist entertainment that is full of little winks to the comic strip. All the good guys are good, all the bad ones are bad, and the movie is full of actors of well-known characters, covered by a frightening makeup to its high quality characteristics. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, like Dick Tracy, is the best hard man, straight man, incorruptible, calm, always a better fighter than the other man and, rarely, one who presses the limit of legality . Al Pacino, as "Big Boy" Caprice steals all the scenes in which he finds himself as a gangster with backing in an anonymous metropolis of the gangsters of the 1930s. Maddonna plays the kind of person he would probably interpret best, Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub singer and a fatal woman with her own agenda. Gleanne Headly is a frenetic, independent and fiercely independent girl from Tracy. And then there's The Kid, a fun little street urchin that Tracy accepts, who modeles himself for his surrogate father, and saves Tracy when the detective accepts his fate of being flown. <br /> <br /> The secondary players are Who's Who of the character actors. Charles Durning is the chief of police. Dick Van Dyke is the district attorney, who has been bribed by Big Boy's thugs to keep him in the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a comic twist like Mumbles, the snitch whose dialect is so indecipherable that the cops can not say their heads or what they have to say. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival gang members to whom Big Boy makes special allegiance to create a crime network that spans the entire city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, the pianist of the Breathless show. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, the former Breathless benefactor until Big Boy gives him "the bath". James Caan uses relatively little makeup in his performance as the only gangster who does not agree with Big Boy's big plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are the executors of Big Boy, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> This film retains all the corn from the comic strip, plus it is full of vibrant colors. Almost all suits are made in blues and greens and yellows and reds. All the colors of the rainbow are in this movie, and then some! The matte paintings that are actually used make this world as two-dimensional, they only act in three-dimensional sets. The humor is abundant. Al Pacino fills his character's shoes like no other character he has played before or since. Big Boy is a little crazy and a kind of self-pity. He is an eccentric little man who prides himself on citing our Founding Fathers and comparing himself to great political leaders. The man with the plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.
