I recently saw Spirit and I enjoyed it a lot, I've seen it about 4 times on HBO and I'll buy the DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that 'Vanishing Point' was just another car chase movie and 'Thelma & Louise' was just another movie for girls. Although the conclusions of those films are more obscure, I feel that the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take it away. The other common feature of these films is the careful and thoughtful "guardian angel" that helps the main characters overcome adversity. <br /> <br /> Another review here mentions how this film relates to the theme of civilization that invades another person. home. All one has to do is look around the open areas that are reduced around us to see that. <br /> <br /> I thought the animation and the story were amazing, the animators really made the horses look, act and move naturally. . The emotions of the spirit were very clear as the story progressed (yes, I am aware that they humanize horses a bit, but this is a fiction). In a couple of action scenes you will feel trapped in the current of rapids and the heat of a forest fire. In other quieter scenes (which are most of the time) you are allowed to savor the backgrounds. One of the great things that makes history really work is not following the path of the animals that speak and sing. If it does, it would take away the power of history. Instead, the flow of the story is told by the occasional narrative of the main character, and the fantastic soundtrack adds an additional touch. Another advantage is that they were not afraid to give the story a dark side (what really made me see this movie). However, this does not prevail throughout the entire film, and the conclusion is appropriate and edifying without being boring. <br /> <br /> Those who appreciate horses will really like this movie, but I think it's a little more than a horse. movie. I do not think this is a good movie to take the children if they are raised with the inane rate that is offered today. But if you're the reflective type that can handle compelling stories like The Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, you probably like this movie. Hell, I'm 35 years old and I STILL love those things.
