At some point, in the late nineteenth century, somewhere in the western United States, several cowboys who needed money set out to hunt buffalo. The leader of the group believes that the buffaloes are too numerous for the hunt to have any impact, but the more experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse, and he is not so sure. With films of herd of buffalo living in South Dakota and a real hunting movie (the introduction of the film explains it as a necessary thinning of the herd), the film does an excellent job in presenting us with the plight of the buffalo and its effect on Native Americans without a single time. preaching about it. <br /> <br /> The real story, however, is about the dysfunctional family that is created by the small group formed to hunt. The father figure is Charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother", is the experienced hunter who is tired of killing but needs work after losing his livestock. An average Indian child, who hates the fact that he looks completely Caucasian, assumes the role of adopted son. The grandfather (and the moral compass) is an alcoholic buffalo skinner; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman whose companions he killed after they stole his horses. <br /> <br /> Charlie is clearly the most interesting figure. He is bad and insulting to everyone around him, but at the same time he knows that they are the only family and friends he has. He hopes that the abducted Indian women will hate him and then accept him, but he does not know how to react when she refuses to do so. He is the one who put the family first, but also the one who is destined to destroy it. <br /> <br /> All this is very similar to the classic "Red River", which also presents a kind of family destroyed by the father figure increasingly violent and alienated. As expected, this movie suffers by comparison. The plot is not so focused on developing the characters and family dynamics, and the direction does not make all the scenes work towards this common goal. Charlie is so unpleasant from the start that we never have any reason to worry about what happens to him or his family. On the positive side, however, the message surrounding the killing of buffaloes adds an extra dimension to the film and its conclusion is far superior to the Hollywood ending that was added at the end of "Red River." As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining film, very well made, but that does not reach what it takes to consider it a classic.
