I had the privilege of seeing Scarface on the big screen with his beautifully restored 35mm copy in honor of the twentieth anniversary of the premiere of the film. It was great to see this on the big screen, since a lot of it is lost on TVs and the general generosity of this project can not be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is the remake of a classic of wealth to the depths of hell, with Al Pacino as the Cuban drug trafficker Tony Montana. In this version, Tony arrives in the United States during the wave of immigration of Cubans in the late 70's, early 80's. Tony and his cohort quickly get green cards when saying goodbye to a political figure in Tent City and after a brief stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony is thrown on his horrible road to total destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this movie have been played in such a skilful way that it's so nice to see that I've forgotten little about this movie in the last twenty years. Robert Loggia as Tony's boss, Frank Lopez is wonderful. His character is deficient for being too confident, and as Tony quickly realizes, soft. Lopez's right hand, Omar Suárez is portrayed by one of our best actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus). Suarez is the latest addict and will do anything for Frank; It's as if I do not have a mind of my own. Tony sees this quickly and fights constantly with Suarez, but in reality he only sees it as a minor problem to get to the top. The character that always comes back to interpret me so perfectly is Mel Bernstein, the daring and corrupt Miami Narcotics detective played by Harris Yulin (Training Day). Mel, without fault, extracts large sums of money from all sides of the drug industry. He plays Frank's Tony until he reaches it in a scene that marks the departure of the Frank and Mel movie. It's priceless to listen to Frank ask Mel to intercede, since Tony is about to kill him, just to hear Mel respond: "It's your tree, Frank, you're sitting on it." This is from the man that Frank had been paying for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's ascent is meteoric and only compares in speed and intensity for its rapid fall and burn. After saying goodbye to Frank and taking his wife and his business, Tony's greed takes over and it seems he can never have enough. As Tony plunges deeper into the world of drugs, greed and the inability to trust, he eventually kills his best friend and sister who fell in love and got married. All this establishes the end in which Tony's compound is assaulted by an army of his supplier who feels betrayed because Tony did not accept a political murder that was ordered. All this comes from a compassionate moment when Tony refused to be an accomplice in a murder involving the wife and children of the victim. <br /> <br /> All this is a great description of the excess of the 1980s and the culture of cocaine. DePalma does a good job of keeping everything together in one of the fastest three-hour movies. The violence is extremely graphic and contains some scenes that will be recorded forever in the mind of any spectator, in particular the gruesome chainsaw that is seen, the two blank spots on the head and all the bloody fight that ends the film. This is a stylistically highly recommended film that is not for the apprehensive, nor for those who need optimistic endings and possible sequels; DePalma let everything fly here.
