One of the most definitive gangster movies of the 80s, Scarface is a movie of his time. The first thing you notice when you watch this movie is that it is screaming at you, 'done in 1983'. The costumes, the music and the soundtrack, the hairstyles, make no mistake: this is a film about crime in the 80s and, although it should have had a horrible date, it has not. This is still an excellent movie. While Georgio Moroder's music has come out quite well, it still complements Tony Montana's story well thanks to Oliver Stone's magnificent screenplay and Brian De Palma's first-class directing, one of the two films he has made with Pacino (the another being the fantastic Camino de Carlito). All registered trademarks of De Palma are here; The strong language, the graphic violence (more on this later), the excesses with style, like the great sets and, of course, the elegant work with camera. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the movie and I say it literally. He is the dominant star of this movie. His performance at the top, this is one of those movies in which Pacino does not say his lines as much as he screams, this time with a magnificent Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino and he does it fantastically. Only he could go so far above and still leave the film with his acting integrity intact. While some may complain about the screams of their lines and the excess of all this, this is an excessive movie. Take a look at the production design of Tony's house, take a look at the violence in this movie. The chainsaw incident is downright brutal and there is blood everywhere. The shots at the end cause the bodies to fall at a rate more similar to that of Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films. Take a look at the amount of coke that is shown in the movie, so Pacino's performance, I suppose, is perfect for the movie. It is supported by actors who are more related to saying their lines in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, in particular, like Manny, Tony's best friend, is the star of the cast. His performance is so controlled and silent in a form of De Niro that it is a wonder how he ended up doing it directly to the soft porn video. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds glamor, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as always and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a great debut as Tony's sister. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is more than just a movie about excess. There is more than that to drugs, violence, attacks with chain saws and a great shooting. This is a film about the darkest side of the American dream. In many ways, it puts it on a par with the themes of The Godfather movies. Tony is coming to America, getting everything, living the American dream and then losing everything in a violent way, and saying that he loses everything, I mean he loses everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is murdered, his empire crumbles, literally, around him and, to top it off, they kill him in his own mansion, the bullets go through him. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, Scarface is one of the key movies of the early 80's. Sure, it does not have the subtleties of The Godfather movies, but it's still a good movie that's worth going to again and again.
