In 1983, Director Brian De Palma set out to make a film about the rise and fall of an American gangster, and that's what he did, with the help of a fantastic script by Oliver Stone and an impeccable work of an outstanding cast. . The result was 'Scarface', starring Al Pacino in one of his most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980, when Castro opened the port in Mariel, Cuba, to allow Cuban citizens to join their families in the United States. 125,000 left Cuba at that time, for the greenest pastures of freedom in America, and most were honest and hardworking people, grateful for the opportunity that had been granted them. But not all. Among the 'Marielitos' who entered Florida, approximately 25,000 had criminal records and were nothing less than the faeces of Cuba's prisons, criminals considered beyond redemption, of which Castro simply wanted to get rid of them. And they also saw America as a land of opportunity, even when Al Capone had considered Chicago some fifty years earlier. And among the most ambitious was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), known by his associates as 'Caracortada'. Scarface <br /> <br /> Now that he was free from the yoke of communism under which he had grown up, Montana wanted what he felt to come close to him, and he wanted it now; and from the moment he got off the ship in Florida, he was determined to have it all. Wealth and power: that was Montana's dream, and he would do it doing what he did best, starting with a favor for a man living in Miami named Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Apparently, Lopez had a brother in Cuba who had had a premature end at the hands of one of Castro's thugs, a man who, having ceased to be useful to Castro, had been discarded and was currently being held in Little Havana. 'along with Montana and all the Cubans who got off the boats, where they waited for their government papers that would affect their transition to their new lives. And in a short time, Montana takes care that Lopez's brother has been avenged, and sets the stage for his own entry into the American underworld. <br /> <br /> Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, in returning for the favor gets Montana and his friend, Manny (Steven Bauer), released from the detention camp and put them to work. In his time, Capone may have had contraband as a means to align his coffers with illicit profits, but Lopez has the modern equivalent, and it is even more lucrative: cocaine. Lopez takes Montana under his wing and indoctrinates him in life, but once he proves it, Montana does not settle for the crumbs that Lopez considers appropriate to throw in his way, and sets a course that will take him to where he wants to be: On top. With a will of iron in cold blood, Montana decides that he will do whatever it takes to get there, regardless of the cost. but before it is over, you will realize the price of your dream and pay it; but for a brief moment, maybe he knows what it's like to be The Man. And you will also know if it was worth it or not. <br /> <br /> In tune with De Palma's vision, Pacino plays Montana bigger than life and does it wonderfully. From the accent it affects (he researched thoroughly to make sure he did it right, and he did it), body language and attitude, he has it all, and makes Montana convincing and very real. What it contributes to the role is nuance and style, in a way that few actors (De Niro would be one of them) can. Definitely, this is not a character that is comprehensive in any way, nor is there anything about Montana that you can easily relate to on a personal level; but Pacino's presence on the screen is so strong that it makes him a completely absorbing character, even though it is difficult to get emotionally involved with him. It is simply a dynamic and memorable performance. <br /> <br /> Michelle Pfeiffer also provides solid performance in the role that put her on the road to stardom. Like Elvira, the woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's dream, Pfeiffer is subtle and discreet, giving that feeling that something is happening below, while affecting a rather cold and distant outer face. She, like Pacino, definitely makes her presence felt as she glides across the screen with stoic, enigmatic and sensual behavior. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana)), F. Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). An excellent precursor to the most recent and highly acclaimed "Traffic" and "Blow", and in addition to having a climactic scene reminiscent of Peckinpah's "The Wild Bunch", "Scarface de De Palma", originally criticized by critics, has been cited by many as being the ultimate saga of American gangster. Much of the violence is implicit rather than graphic, but this film still has a margin of realism that many may find somewhat disturbing. But if you stay with him, there is a lesson to be learned in the end. And like many lessons in life, the most valuable ones are often the hardest to take at that moment. But the reward is always worth it, and so it is with this movie. I qualify this 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
