Many people like this movie and many more love it, but it seems that everything is due to the wrong reasons. Scarface must be loved and loved, but not as it has been or is. <br /> <br /> Many people say that the performance was exaggerated, but that it is better to make an over-the-top character than Al Pacino. To say that Pacino was exaggerated here would be an understatement. However, he does it very well, just take the devil out of you so well. For starters, his character Tony Montana was not such a good guy, but his thirst for power simply took his disease of greed to another level; An inhuman level Of course, sometimes, Pacino seems to be a bit cartoonish and surreal, but for me that does not seem at all a responsibility. The support cast served his job very well. Michelle Pfeiffer was not at her best, but she certainly fit in with the role she played. On the other hand, Steven Bauer was at his best, he is still Steven Bauer. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good and how Michelle Pfeiffer fit very well in her role. Robert Loggia I've always liked to see him alone when he saw him scream. Apart from Pacino, they were not really outstanding or memorable performances. Everyone seemed to fit their roles while there. They did not fit perfectly, but they were convincing enough. <br /> <br /> Brian De Palma did a very good job directing this movie. Every time an actor can become bigger than life with his performance, some credit must be given to the director, and I will certainly give that to De Palma. Brian De Palma, although he is not given the respect, is a very versatile director in my opinion. He knows how to direct films according to their genres, but that sometimes has not gone well. Here, yes, this is, in all aspects, a gangster movie, but few are much better than this one because of De Palma. <br /> <br /> The writing was great, it was just the pure Oliver Stone. When I saw the credits at the end of this movie and I saw that Oliver Stone had written this, it did not surprise me in the least. That is a testament for him though. I have always thought of him as a great writer and he shows me once again with Scarface. Nobody knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie that Oliver Stone. <br /> <br /> The music was good but not so good. Certainly not my favorite of Giorgio Moroder. The music was a bit too big for me, but it did not bother me. The cinematography was good, not surprising, but really who cares about a movie like this. <br /> <br /> This has probably been one of the most influential films in the last 25 years, but as mentioned above, it is for the wrong reasons. People should realize that the character of Tony Montana is not a hero, he is a monster. He is not inspiring in any way. He is greedy, thirsty for blood, uneducated and self-consumed. However, he is a role model for many people because in some way or another he is a rebel, but probably mostly because he is a cheated gangster. A watchman would be like Mother Tereasa next to Scarface. <br /> <br /> The good thing about this movie is that it shows that the Tony Montanas are not the real problem. If we or the people of authority would like to silence people like him, we could do it, but we do not. In a strange and twisted way, he is a necessity of our society. He is someone you can blame for everything and feel better doing it. The Tony Montanas of this world are the scapegoats of our society. This in no way excuses people like him. Instead, it is more a reminder that we should not apologize or allow ourselves to do bad things simply because we are up to the task or believe we are on a par with those of a gangster or drug dealer. I love this movie because it's more than a corruption movie, it's a movie that makes you think in a strange way.
