"A classic is something that everyone wants to read but nobody wants to read, a classic is also something that everyone praises but nobody has read." -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> 'Classic' seems to be the word used to describe "Scarface", Brian DePalma's 1983 film about opulence, self-surrender, greed and danger among the drug trafficking network from Florida. People and critics (and rappers, for that matter) consider this film "an epic classic of gangsters" or "eptiome of gangster films". When it is something less. He is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is an excellent film that deserves praise from all sides, but not all the accolades it receives from today's audiences, and therefore the fine points that it so movingly makes are overlooked by the general public. <br /> <br /> The film is about a Cuban refugee, with a past of wanting to escape communism and find happiness. Simple? Yes. But the layers of the genius director of De Palma, and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know, he actually wrote a very good one here) play with everything. All the characters are looking for an escape, since escape is a natural element treated in the film by all. Each character has something to offer, which makes them pleasant to all who can appreciate this movie. They are intertwined in a world of mysticism and money, but all of that has a price, since everyone learns. Each character thinks that they are getting better opportunities in life, when in a real dramatic irony, they are actually getting worse. "Tragedy" would be a better word to describe this movie. All those who praise the film for its use of drugs, its violence, its dialogue, were totally wrong. There is nothing really positive about the film besides the positive expectations of the characters themselves. And that's why the movie works so well. The devastation throughout the film serves to convey the message of the film, not to look good or attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not make films for cult gang members or brainless action fans. <br /> <br /> Next, the movie is an adult drama. It's not a 'gangster movie'. It has its share of action, but the action is drawn with great care, so it has a point. It's not like "Aliens," an example of a great silly action movie, and most audiences perceive this movie as a great silly action gangster movie about how to make drugs and shoot people. Ridiculous. Swill. If this movie is about that, then it's about how bad it is. It is not a promotion of it. <br /> <br /> That said, the movie is really a great movie. It has a great picture that takes you to the story. It has a very dramatic score (in the true style of Giorgio Moroder), which could simply cause chills or tears. The movie is quite long, but it is a story, and every moment counts. The performance is great. Al Pacino - he said a lot. He can play any role he proposes, and this was no exception. The pretty boy Steven Bauer, like Manny. I did not think much about him in other films he did, but in reality he makes you want to when he goes under the direction of maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a true jewel like Elvira. Fresh from the heels of a kind of shame in "Grease 2", she got her ticket to ride by performing a performance without limits of a beauty that is more than it seems. But the three true diamonds in this rough are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony's sister, Gina, who when she smiles or cries, we see her soul and her new way of life, and we see her deteriorating; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a drug trafficker, who runs deeper than a river, and Shenar portrays him as such; and Miriam Colom as the torn mother of Tony and Gina. These three dig the movie as deeply as it can go. <br /> <br /> This critic learned a main thing when he saw "Scarface" for the first time. Always enters a trusting movie. All the hype and conversation of this movie can not prepare you for what you really see. Just knowing De Palma (like me) can give you a glimpse of what this film contains. So ignore the rap shit, ignore the supporters of senseless violence, and get a glass of Bailey on the rocks, and let yourself be carried away by an emotional vision of a great movie, the real "Scarface".
