Those who have given this production such a low rating probably have never seen George Balanchine's famous production live on stage, or are letting their disdain for the release of Macaulay's star Culkin influence his judgment. The Atlanta Ballet was fortunate to be the first authorized ballet company to organize this production, apart from the New York City Ballet, from the 1960s to the 1980s, and I have seen it live several times on stage. I can assure readers that the film is a fairly accurate representation of this production, and that the use of a child with limited dancing skills in the lead role is not a cheap trick imagined to show Culkin; It was Balanchine's idea to use a child in this role, as was his idea of ​​using a child for the role of Marie. The "heavy" dance is left to the adults in the story. <br /> <br /> This is deliberately a staggered film; in a way, it looks like the "Othello" by Laurence Olivier. Exactly like in that film, the scenarios of stage production have been enlarged to the size of a movie setting, but they have not become less artificial, and the ballet is photographed directly with discrete shots, and without the "music video" that distracting quick cuts Appeared in the overrated 1986 version Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard. There are only two false steps in this 1993 film. One is the addition of distracting sound effects that are completely unnecessary (mouse squeaks, children whispering "Ma-gic!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.). Those sound effects are never heard in any production stage of any "Nutcracker", and have been granted as a cheap concession simply to appease unsophisticated audiences who can not enjoy the idea of ​​watching a ballet in a movie. <br /> <br /> The other false step is Macaulay Culkin's nutcracker makeup, which looks absolutely ridiculous. When he is on the screen like the Nutcracker, instead of wearing a huge mask (as is always done when Balanchine's production is performed on stage), Culkin is made like the toy: wear what looks like a bald cap, like as a white wig, whiskers, and a beard. She also has a little red face, and the worst aspect of her makeup is that her face is still recognizable, transformed in an amateur way in a similar way to Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr in "The Wizard of Oz". (However, the makeup results of that movie worked spectacularly, since this one does not). And a comparison with Baryshnikov's nutcracker in * his * production shows how wonderfully creative Baryshnikov's nutcracker mask was: the "jaws" seemed to move when Baryshnikov tilted his head back. <br /> <br /> The dance itself in the Macaulay Culkin The version is excellent, of course, except for Culkin himself, whose dance, as I said, does not pretend to be even spectacular. (The Sugar Plum Fairy and his Cavalier are the prominent roles in Balanchine's production of "The Nutcracker.") However, the colors of the film could be a little brighter, since this IS a fantasy. The choreography is also brilliant, and its adaptation is so faithful that it includes the sequence that presents additional music from Tchaikovsky's ballet "The Sleeping Beauty", while Marie escapes, falls asleep on the couch and dreams that Drosselmeyer is "repairing". "The Broken Nutcracker (this sequence, of course, was never included in Tchaikovsky's original ballet, is the only sequence in this production that features music from a work other than" The Nutcracker "). <br /> <br / > Those who have missed this movie or those who despise it (or hate it) should give it a chance, despite its two major drawbacks.It is much better than it seems when you hear for the first time that Culkin is in it.
