Launched as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusion with Agniezska Holland's own film Europe of the Holocaust, Europe Europe, this third theatrical feature film by a filmmaker that never ceases to amaze, inspire or shock is a strange, nostalgic and elaborate film about a Naive American in Germany. After the end of the Second World War. The American, named Leo, does not fully understand what he is doing there. He has come to take part in the reparation of the country since, in his opinion, it is time to show some charity to Germany. No matter how it sounds, he is not a sympathizer of the Nazis or he is as much a pro-German, he just got confused. His uncle, who works on the railroad, gets Leo a job as a helmsman in a car to sleep, and is increasingly immersed in a vortex of the horrors and enigmas of Germany in 1945. <br /> <br /> This progression begins when Leo, played in a rather memorable way by the calm but restless actor Jean-Marc Barr, meets a sensual heiress on the train played by Barbara Sukowa, an actress with gentleness on the surface but with internal vigor. She seduces him and then takes him to his house to meet his family, owner of the company that makes the trains. These were the precise trains that took the Jews to their deaths during the war, but now they have a monotonous daily schedule, and Uncle Kessler's wife is positioned as another one of those good Germans who were just doing their job. There is also Udo Kier, the tremendous actor who left me impressed in Von Trier's shocking second film, Epidemic, although here it's just a stage. <br /> <br /> Another guest in the house is Eddie Constantine, a quiet actor. Strength, playing a grim man of American intelligence. You can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, although Leo is completely disconcerting. Americans have been known to be fragile gullible outside their element for decades, but few have been more carefreely carefree than Leo, who returns to work in what gradually resembles his own personalized death train. <br /> <br /> The story is told in an intentionally uncoordinated way by the Danish director of the film, Lars Von Trier, whose anchor is in the film's impressive editing and cinematography. Take pictures in black and white and in color, use double exposures, optical effects and trick photography. The actors interact with images projected from behind, place their characters inside a visceral world very shaded so that sometimes they feel like insects, trapped between Glass for our most accurate survey. <br /> <br /> The surrealist work that won the Grand Jury Prize is allegorical, but perhaps in a different tone for each viewer. I interpret it as a film about the last legs of Nazism, symbolized by the train, and the ethical responsibility of the Americans and others who appeared too late to rescue the martyrs of these trains and the camps where they distributed their condemned cargoes. During the time period of the film, and the Nazi state, and such importance for the train, they are dead, but like the decapitated chickens, they persist in shaking themselves through their reflexes. <br /> <br /> The characters, the music, the dialogue, and the plot are deliberately hammy and almost satirically derived from the conventions of black cinema. The most fascinating points of the film are the completely cinematographic ones. Two trains stop from one side to another, Barr in one and Sukowa in another. An underwater shot of proliferating blood. An extraordinarily expressive sequence about how it should be to drown. And most of the metaphysical effects of all, an anesthetic shot of the train tracks, as the voice of Max von Sydow encourages us to return to Europe with him and abandon our personal restriction.
