William Castle is known among horror fans as the B-grade director of the 50s and 60s. His tricks, cost-cutting techniques and unique vision are legendary. It is not surprising, then, that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz, who has made countless documentaries) will finally take the time to dedicate a documentary to his greatness. Such is "Spine Tingler: The William Castle Story". <br /> <br /> I had a general idea of ​​who Castle was, after having seen some of his films over the years. I did not know anything about his personal life, his goals and ambitions. This movie really gave body to the man and gave me a more complete appreciation of the devotion he had for the trade of making movies and his contributions to the horror genre. The film shows Castle as Alfred Hitchcock's rival, with Hitch as the artist who wins the accolades, while Castle is the carnival thief who gains cult notoriety, but much less respect. It's an icon for all second-category directors, so it's not surprising that John Waters is featured here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have important roles). <br /> <br /> His tricks were what propelled his fame, and the documentary strives to explain them, which is crucial for those who are too young to remember them. The rudimentary 3-D of "13 Ghosts" (see separate review), the bell on the seat of "The Tingler" (see separate review), money back guarantees for "Homicidal" ... watching these movies now outside of the theater, we can judge them by their content (which, personally, I still enjoy) but we can not appreciate what audiences once felt. <br /> <br /> The climax of the film is when Castle goes from being the director of cult to the Hollywood producer. Having bought the rights of "Rosemary's Baby", it is in a very special place to negotiate its release. With the hope of directing, he remains outside the producer to make way for the new director Roman Polanski. Although at the beginning he is disappointed, this is one of the best opportunities of his life: a very successful film and a work in which he stands out. Who better to control the bag of the wild artist Polanski than a penny castle? This would be his most important achievement, although, unfortunately, the film is more connected to Polanski than to Castle. <br /> <br /> The rest of his years have been reproduced, and his daughter and niece offer us personal reflections. In all areas, everyone seems to have nothing but praise for man. At some point along the way, it surely bothered one or two people, but you would never know about this movie. And I find that finding: this is a celebration of Bill Castle's life, not "E! True Hollywood Story." Fans of the genre would do well to pick up a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> I would personally recommend collecting the William Castle Collection, which not only has this but eight Castle films, with a lot of special features. Even this documentary comes with an audio commentary so you can hear how Schwarz was personally affected by Castle, and have Castle's daughter, Terry, reflect on her experiences with the different movies and remakes. It's almost a completely new movie.
