For some reason, this movie has never appeared in its original language in my neck of the forest (despite being the owner of the cable channel of TCM UK, which broadcasts many MGM titles week by week). More disappointing, it is still M.I.A. on DVD ?? even from the recently announced "Set of Western Classics Collection" by Warners (which includes another 3 gender efforts by Robert Taylor); perhaps, they are saving it for an eventual "Signature Collection" dedicated to this unconditional MGM, which could be coming next year for the 40th anniversary of his death. <br /> <br /> I say this because the film allows you a rare villain role as a selfish Westerner with a fanatical hatred towards the Indians and who chooses to exploit his marksmanship skill by making some buffalo hunting for easy money; An opening statement offers the alarming statistic that the population of this species was reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in the space of only 30 years! As an associate, Taylor chooses the former professional of the trade Stewart Granger? who meets with the alcoholic, Lloyd Nolan (who continually mocks the irascible and vindictive Taylor) and the mestizo Russ Tamblyn for this purpose. As expected, the relationship of the company is unstable? reminiscent of the center of THE NAKED SPUR (1953) by Anthony Mann, another MGM Western outdoors. In fact, the film cleverly approximates the flavor and hardness of Mann's work in this field (despite being the first writer and director of Brooks in only a handful of such outputs but that cumulatively exhibited remarkable diversity ); Here, too, the narrative casts a feminine presence (Debra Paget, also a mestiza) to be contested between the two resistant clues. and Granger, like James Stewart of THE NAKED SPUR, returns to his work only reluctantly (his remorse for having to kill buffalo for mere sport and benefit is effectively done). <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers when watching Taylor take Paget for himself? Bravely but coldly endures his approaches, while secretly longing for Granger? And lets out his frustration to the locals at a bar while he's drunk! Taylor, himself, is not unharmed by the deal: as the protagonist of THE TREASURE OF THE SIERRA MADRE (1948), he becomes shy and jealous of his associates, especially with respect to a rare one? and, therefore, precious? The skin of a white buffalo they have captured; He even goes crazy with a buffalo at a given moment (as Nolan had predicted), and he tricks himself to take the sound of thunder through the hooves of a mass that approaches the species! The hunting scenes themselves are impressive? Stampede buffaloes, falling to the ground when beaten, the endless alignment of the day's capture and the corpses that later infest the meadows. The film's atypical but memorable outcome, then, is justly famous: with Winter in full swing, a now paranoid Taylor out of Granger's blood is waiting outside a cave (in which the latter and Paget have taken refuge) to shoot him; When Granger emerges the next morning, does he discover Taylor in a stooped position? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> By the way, my father has a copy of the great novel from this source (by Milton Lott) from the moment of the original release of the film: in fact, has he compiled a large number of editions of this type? Is it, after all, a practice still in vogue? where he reissues a book to promote his film adaptation. Also for the album, Taylor and Granger? Who work very well of each other here? they had already joined (as brothers of whale hunters!) in the seafaring adventure ALL THE BROTHERS WERE VALIANT (1953), which, interestingly enough, is just as hard to see (in fact, even more, considering that it is not even shows on Italian television for what seems ages)!
