The Last Hunt, by Richard Brooks, was a movie star that Stewart Granger could not stand to hear. Did he even break a vintage poster for the movie when he presented it to sign in his later years? But then the director ran away with his wife, so it's understandable. For anyone else, this is one of the best Western adults of the 50s, and advances years in his attitude towards the environment. <br /> <br /> In many ways, it comes almost like a sequel to one of Anthony Mann's westerns who see their heroes dragged to their redemption by kicking and screaming at her every step of the way. Here, the legendary buffalo hunter of Granger has already seen the light but, after a stampede of buffaloes cost him his herd of cattle in a poetic attack of justice, was dragged back into the dark by the cruel and cruel gunman of Robert Taylor, justifying that "I already have guilty conscience, I could also have the money." Raised by the Indians, he is fully aware of the damage he is doing when the buffalo disappears and he heads for extinction, and little by little he becomes almost as consumed by self-hatred as Taylor by hatred. When the two men fall down the gravel of Debra Paget? The only survivor of a band of Indians that Taylor kills? and a white buffalo skin that has no price for hunters and Indians for very different reasons, a confrontation becomes inevitable, although the result is not. <br /> <br /> Is the Taylor an ironic casting? Granger rejected many of the epic roles that MGM developed for him in films like Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe, which gave Taylor his return to the 50s after years of constant decline. The color of his hair may not convince, but his performance does, a superficial and violent man so consumed by hatred that he does not use a gun, the gun carries him. Granger's accent is not always convincing, but he is a good quiet hero in the mold of Jimmy Stewart, trying to maintain his new decency and reconciling his actions with his beliefs before he finally has a chance to make amends. The nursery breeding of Russ Tamblyn and the one-legged veteran of Lloyd Nolan also give their best, but the real star is the script: is it well traced with an eye and an ear excellent for the character? Not to mention the ending, did Stanley Kubrick borrow for The Shining? it balances historical revisionism with entertaining drama without ever selling either of them. The new French DVD is free of extras, but has a 2.35: 1 transfer with a soundtrack in English.
