The quality of this movie is simply unmatched by any baseball title of its time. Pam Dixon branches into the film industry to recruit front-line prospects and make this work of art a must-see. Brenda Fricker, winner of the Academy Award (Only at home: Lost in New York, A Time to Kill), Ben Johnson (The Last Picture Show, Red Dawn) and Adrien Brody (The Pianist, The Village) amplify the atmosphere of the movie, drawing in an anxious audience. However, the dramatic performances are neutralized by the peculiar radio station Jay O. Sanders (JFK, The Day After Tomorrow). <br /> <br /> The story is centered around an adopted son, the promising actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Brick, The Lookout). Sidekick Milton Davis Jr. offers a tearful performance like the old friend who never met his parents. The two do not have much, but what they do have: the baseball of the angels and what they seek: identity. That's when 4 times, Emmy Award nominee Danny Glover (Lethal Weapon, Predator 2) appears to save the day as the frustrated Angels Manager, George Knox. In relation, all the characters in the story seem to have the same mission: to search within themselves to discover who they really are. <br /> <br /> Depressed by the fact that Roger (JGL) is separated from his father, he wishes God reunification if the Angels can take the pennant. The odds are astronomical, but three-time Emmy award winner Christopher Lloyd (Back to the Future, My Favorite Martian) is presented as the omniscient supervisor to work a little magic (pun). Before you know it, Al (Lloyd) is sitting with Roger in the stands, eating cookie sandwiches, and causing some of baseball's biggest boners! The 1951 screenplay by Dorothy Kingsley and George Wells (DK Oscar Nominee GW Oscar) is done under the finger of intellectual author William Dear (nominated in Directors Guild of America). It includes a moving parallel story centered on pitcher Mel Clark, played by Tony Danza (4-time Golden Globe nominee, Emmy nominee), who, in relation to all the other cast members, is simply trying to find his place in the confused Anaheim. Clark has been nicknamed a wash, which was once a big name in Cinci, but he has something to prove to Manager Knox. <br /> <br /> Pampering this plot would only be the equivalent of committing adultery in the 18th century. This is a diamond in the rough, and it will keep you on the edge of the seat until everyone reaches peace. Did I mention a cameo by Matthew McConaughey (A Time to Kill, We Are Marshall) for all of you, ladies?
