Although I do not usually like foods as comforting as these, I could see the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AITO) on a cable on Saturday morning, just when I was just starting. Being a fan of Adrien Brody, I was curious to see what Brody was like when he was a 21-year-old (20 when he filmed it, I guess) in this first role as Danny Hemmerling, infielder of the California Angels (in the 1951 original, Baseball team of bad luck were the Pittsburgh Pirates.The name change is a nice touch, since it turns the title into a play on words). I decided to give the film a chance, and it turned out to be a fairly painless and even kind experience, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweetness and baseball-based excitement. Also, my 7 year old daughter liked the effects of the angels. :-) Directed by Mike Nesmith's frequent collaborator, William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a foster child who prays with gusto after his father, who is good for nothing (Dermot Mulroney , convincingly sordid) sarcastically says that they will be a family once the California Angels of last place win the pennant. Soon, Roger begins to see real angels in the games of the Angels, directed by Christopher Lloyd, whose extravagant and quirky irreverence prevents AitO from irremediably falling into the Schmaltz Zone. Crunchy manager George Knox (Danny Glover in an exasperated and tired way of the world) is difficult to sell, but once the team starts to win, he believes in the sightings of Roger's angels, and soon Knox has Roger and his cute Friend and foster colleague JP (the adorable Milton Davis Jr.) in every game of the Angels for good luck. Knox even begins to soften his own temperamental outbursts and profane language, both to appease the angels and for the good of the children, which makes for something funny when he begins to dress a referee in the usual way, but begins to be edited at itself as it progresses. . There are predictable obstacles, such as the nasty athlete Ranch Wilder (Jay O. Sanders) who tries to create problems for Knox due to the angle of the angel. Sure, everything works fine for our heroes in the end, but they're so nice you do not care! :-) Brody with baby face has a couple of good lines (I especially like his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the National Anthem in a ball game), as well as a little cute where a nice blonde angel massaged his shoulders before Going to hit Brody is not the only future star in the AitO lineup: his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course, the young Gordon-Levitt was co-star of the third TV movie ROCK FROM THE SUN , as well as movies like 10 THINGS I hate you The always fun Taylor Negron and the Oscar winners (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson lend support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to rent a suitable movie for children and see some of the young actors before they become stars, AitO '94 will do it very well.
