First of all, let me comment that the audience LOVED it from the first moment. Maybe the current events in the Middle East led people to take the attitude: "I came for a comedy and I'm going to enjoy it for George". but for whatever reason, they all seemed really into comedy. The last few times that Woody has tried to do a direct comedy (Small Time Crooks, Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending) I felt that the ones of a single line felt tense and a little outdated. I remember thinking at one point: "That would have been fun in the early sixties." So when entering this movie, I was afraid that Woody was becoming deaf, however, in this his comic sensibility was in perfect harmony. Admittedly, there were many of my colleagues on the AARP card at the screening, but there were also a lot of 20-somethings and 30-somethings as well, and everyone seemed to understand it and give up the occasional laugh, in addition to numerous laughter, giggles and the like. In many cases, the shooters had people laughing so hard that they missed the next line. <br /> <br /> Thematically, Woody was traveling through familiar territory. As I suspected in the trailer, this movie had a lot of Manhattan Murder Mystery, but, again, there was more than a small sample of Oedipus Shipwreck (New York Stories), Alice and even a little Broadway tribute Danny Rose in from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Even with Woody in the movie, Scarlett, like Sondra, was sometimes Woody's proxy, but her character was far from Nebbish, which, for example, Will Ferrell gave us. Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried it on Celebrity. Instead of ticks and archetypal quirks, Sondra's nerdishness stems directly from the family history she shares from the beginning. On many occasions, the "family business" leads to the problems of misconduct that we get as a public, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as strangers, not henchmen. As we are all in the joke, we can not help laughing. But the laughter does not come from recognizing Woody's nebbish, but from the character. To a large extent, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow before her, Scarlett is not required to use Woody's voice to evoke Woody's role. Therefore, we are not torn from the narrative when a voice of Woody emerges suddenly from the face of another person. <br /> <br /> When my friend commented on the exit, Sid, the character played by Woody, is a supporting role, but more central than I expected. However, this time Woody seems to have written a character that really fits his current persona. Unlike his wise character Ed Dobel in Anything Else, or his blind director in Hollywood Ending, this time the character fits comfortably. Perhaps most importantly, this time the character works on the story. Within the elevated circles in which they find themselves, he is even more fish out of water than Scarlett, who is accustomed to a great comic effect at all times. Sid is a declining traveling magician who plays with small audiences, but the fact that he is from another era is placed in the foreground for our enjoyment. <br /> <br /> But what about Jackman? What about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I liked both to the extent that they are used in the piece. I particularly liked the short but effective turns of McShane. Jackman is charming with the ease of "old money" that was so often portrayed in films 50 years ago. (The class echoes the Purple Rose of Cairo?) <br /> <br /> So, what did I think? Short answer, maybe your best straight comedy since 1994, Bullets Over Broadway. Less stylized than the powerful Aphrodite. Less caustic than deconstructing Harry. Less forced than Small Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending. Woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
