Immediately after agreeing with Match Point (2005), a fine but somewhat self-repeating piece of "serious Woody", Scoop gives new hope to the small but staunch band of Allen followers (among whom I consider myself) that the teacher He has found his form again. A series of disappointing efforts, culminating in the monotonous Melinda and Melinda (2004) and the shameful Anything Else (2003) raised serious doubts that another first-rate Woody comedy, with or without his own participation as an actor, was in letters. Fortunately, the cards turn out to be a Tarot deck that serves as Scoop's intelligent Maguffin and offers an upbeat reading for the future of Woody Allen's comedy. <br /> <br /> Even more encouraging, Woody's self-casting - unfortunately one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years: here is a bit inspired by self-control, as well as a humble acknowledgment, finally , that he can no longer interpret romantic clues with women young enough to be his daughters or granddaughters. In Scoop, Allen astutely assigns himself the role of Sid Waterman, a wizard aged with cheap and tired tricks that, like Woody himself, has taken his performance to London, where the public, if not more receptive, is at least more. Cuts. Like Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman gives Allen the opportunity to put on the slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has diminished and whose audience is no longer large or appreciative. In addition, because they seem to have a character, Allen's ticks and prolonged stutterers distract less here than they have in a long time. <br /> <br /> The character of Waterman also works perfectly in the plot. His fake box of dissolving the magical body becomes the ironically plausible place for the visits of Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), a notorious journalist and victim of a recent cardiac arrest. Introduced on a ferry from River Styx to Hades, Strombel jumps repeatedly from the ship because he can not rest in eternity without communicating one last "information" about the identity of the notorious "Tarot Killer". Unfortunately, his initial return from the dead takes him to Waterman's magic show and the only conduit for his leadership is a student of journalism, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who has been called from the audience as a comedic butt to El culminating trick of the magician. Sondra enthusiastically takes advantage of the journalistic opportunity and drags the reluctant Waterman into the investigation to play the role of his millionaire father. As shown in Lost in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and the complicated interpretation between her and Allen is very funny, and even more so because it never threatens to be a prelude to romance. <br /> <br /> Scoop's serial killer plot, involving the grisly murders of prostitutes and an aristocratic chief suspect, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is the predictably predictable result of Allen's prolonged sabbatical exposure to ubiquitous landmark of Jack the Ripper in London. However, other facets of Scoop (such as Match Point) are also derived from the last years of Woody's life with the English culture. Its class structure, manners, language, dress, architecture and, yes, peculiar driving habits give Woody new and fresh material for the ironic observation of human behavior, as well as acute social satire. When, for example, Sondra tries to ingratiate herself with Peter Lyman in a luxurious private club, Waterman observes that "from his point of view, we are scum." A great deal of humor is also generated by the setbacks of British social manners, rigidly reserved, when encountering the insistent Jewish plebeianism of the Waterman Borscht belt. And then, of course, there's the hilarious Waterman exit on a Smart Car that can not remember driving on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allen's humor in Scoop includes large doses of En jokes, taking the form of shrewd allusions to film and literary sources, as well as, increasingly, references to his own filmography . In addition to the omnipresent references of Jack the Ripper, for example, the soundtrack of the film is dominated by an arrangement of "The Hall of the Mountain King" by Grieg, whistled compulsively by Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of the genre of the serial killer. The post-funeral meeting of journalists who discuss the exploits of the late Joe Strombel clearly mimics the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). References to Deconstructing Harry (1997) include the use of Death as a character (along with his peculiar voice and costumes), the use of Mandelbaum as the character's name, and the mention of Adair University (Harry's alma mater) and where is Sondra). now a student). In addition, the systematic use of Greek mythology in the underground subterranean Hades cruise recalls the use of Greek gods and a chorus in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> As for the gags that can be cited, Allen's scripts are based less on one-Liner than before in his career, but Scoop provides at least a couple of memorable ones. To a question about his religion, Waterman responds: "I was born in Hebrew persuasion, but then I turned to narcissism." And Sondra breaks with this reprimand of the aspirant to detection of crimes of Waterman: "If we join our heads, you will hear a hollow noise". In general, Scoop is by far the most satisfying comedy by Woody Allen in a decade.
