I was lucky to get a free pass for an anticipated 'Scoop' screening the night before. The house filled in the theater and when the movie ended there was spontaneous applause. I did not talk to anyone who did not like 'Scoop', although two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and moved uncomfortably for most of the movie. However, they were the exception because everyone else, including me, really enjoyed themselves. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is a fast-paced murder mystery. A young journalism student is unknowingly maneuvered by forces beyond her control to try to catch a serial killer. A lot of hijinks occur when she associates with a traveling illusionist and falls in love with a playful and charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is not a bad addition to Woody Allen's filmography. It is not your best work, but it is a very nice and cheerful game. I would say that it fits quite comfortably into being an average Woody Allen movie, right in the middle of the pack. If you're a Woody Allen fan, you'll probably enjoy it. If you are indifferent to your work, then 'Scoop' could be enough to interest you to see more. I do not think that someone who does not like his style of making movies and acting will change his mind. Woody plays the same kind of neurotic character that we have become accustomed to, although he is dangerously close to the forced and exaggerated in this film. Although potentially aggravating to some who might wish to wish to hurry up and just spit out the words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, very good performances in general, although I found Ian McShane missing, which is excellent and is not in the camera enough. Hugh Jackman is great as a charming noble and I think Woody Allen has found a new regular star to work with at Scarlett Johansson. I think with 'Match Point' this is her second couple and she is simply magical with the material that Woody gives her. It could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad to have seen the movie and I definitely recommend it. More sophisticated comedy than movies like 'Scary Movie 4' so if your comedy brand is the last one instead of the previous one, 'Scoop' is probably not for you. If, on the other hand, you like a touch of class, sophistication and fun, 'Scoop' is for you. It's probably not Woody Allen's movie that would introduce him to a newcomer, but everyone else should try.
