['I did not really watch this show so often when I was a kid, but the first episode I remember seeing was the episode where Kimmy Gibbler punched Stephanie&#39;s ears. When I started high school in the year 2000. I had problems throughout high school and I would prefer not to go into that. but I used to see myself saved by the bell, but that program really reminded me of the problems I faced in school and I rarely showed the parents of the children. Saved by the bell is fine, but it is not a good family show. A few days after I graduated from high school in 2004. I turned on the television to the family channel and day after day I became addicted to Full House. I could even press the information button and see the year it came out and I would remember what I was doing during that period of time. the episode was about to appear and it was called &quot;birthday blues&quot; and to this day it is the most favorite episode, it is sad, with a happy ending, and you see Kimmy Gibbler in a way that does not act in other episodes, She really shows her serious side. I have seasons 1,2,3,4,5, and 6 on DVD, and I&#39;m waiting for 7 and 8. I wished they could somehow have a documentary and some comments from the cast members. I do not understand why some people feel hate for this program because they do not see garbage and violence in this program. and for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you could have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. But in my opinion, the whole house is a family that lives in heaven where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so awesome. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and my grandmother. Joey is good-natured and always in a good mood. When I was a child I used to be like Jesse and he is the first actor on television as a boy who is so obsessed with hair. You can somehow say that DJ is a girl from California. I really like the episodes with Kimmy Gibbler because it always makes me smile and the day lights up when I see her. and Stephanie is so great. I also have a hard time differentiating the Olsen twins. I want my children to see it one day. But Full House is my favorite show # 1 and Sabrina, the teenage witch, is my favorite # 2. One day, before I die, I would like to meet the entire cast of Full House in person. The first 3 seasons are a bit boring, but they begin to improve in the 4th season. I just wish they could have done a ninth season. they stopped doing Full House in 1995 and in the fall of 1996, Sabrina, the teenage witch came out (which is a similar family show), but Full House is a very loving show and they have their good and bad times, and yes, I understand If you are a type of wild person, you will hate this show, but it is a show for happiness and also a moral spectacle. I would also like to say that the first 3 seasons are good shows for children, but around seasons 4 and 5, DJ and Stephanie become teenagers. I also noticed, not only with Full House, but with many shows, that never talk about the problems of the world and politics, as when Full House was in the air during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the bombing of the city of Oklahoma. In 1995, they never mention anything about it. Steve was also my favorite DJ&#39;s boyfriend, Viper and Nelson&#39;s were not very interesting. But season 5 and 6 I think they are the best. I just wish they had done a ninth season because, I left a big question mark in my head, because in the last episode at the last minute, DJ is surprised and goes to his prom with his ex boyfriend Steve, I&#39;ve always wondered if they were together again and I liked how in the final seasons, DJ was always responsible and Stephanie always wanted to do something daring, like in the episode &quot;Stephanie&#39;s wild journey&quot;.']
