Thanks Jymn Magon, for creating the 2 best Disney cartoons. This show has improved a lot over the years. When I was a kid, I did not like it because I thought it was a Ducktales scam, which was my favorite Disney thing at the time (like Grandmoffromero). Later, although it was good, but not great. But after reading the reviews here, I decided to give it another try, I bought the DVD set and watched the whole pilot the first day I got it, and I was pleasantly surprised. It's still my favorite episode, although the series lived up to it. And at the end of album 1, I knew it was going to be one of the best. <br /> <br /> The characters are very complex and charming. My favorite has to be Wildcat. He is absolutely hilarious and sweet to boot. My next favorite is Baloo, the best pilot in the program. I can see why 'ol Jymn built the show around him. Then it's Kit Cloudkicker. He and Baloo have the best relationship in the series. After that, Louie. Jim Cummings did a perfect job of impersonating the original voice. After him, Rebecca. She made me laugh pretty loud, and I think she and Baloo will finally get married. And finally (for the heroes), Molly. Although it's my least favorite, I still like it. I think he's a very cute character (much better than Webby from Ducktales). And the villains were very original. Don Karnage and his aerial pirates always bother me, Kahn is cold as ice and ruthless, and Thembrians are always at least funny. <br /> <br /> As mentioned before, the stories go from hilarious (Time Waits For No Bear, Romance of Red Chimp), nothing less than playing (The Old Man & the Seaduck, Paradise Lost), funny adventures, Fun and exciting (In Search of Ancient Blunders and my favorite For Whom the Bell Klangs). These are just some of my favorite episodes. Anyway, Talespin is the best of Disney, apart from Gummi Bears. Some reasons for this? GB had a decent amount of my favorite character (Cubbi), while TS did not have enough of Wildcat. But in the end Talespin is still a classic. BOTTOM LINE- 10/10 6th best cartoon of all.
