If you are watching this program for the first time, you may begin to wonder if you are in an alternate reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Entertaining dialogue? Plots that seem to have some depth, even create atmospheres of suspense and drama sometimes? I mean, this is a syndicated children's show, right? This is the same place that has brought children such as "Pokémon", "Pepper Ann", "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "VR Troopers" (note that three of the titles mentioned above are exorbitant Japanese exports, courtesy of Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, you're just trying out some of the quality rates available to children in the late '80s and early' 90s. Examples of this period would be "Transformers," "Garfield and Friends," "Captain Power," and "COPS" (a cartoon that should NOT be confused with the live action show on Fox). In addition to these main examples, Disney also returned to syndicated programs for children, creating a line called "The Disney Afternoon." In addition to a program called "The Gummi Bears," the first shows such as "Darkwing Duck," "Duck Tales," and "Chip 'N Dale's Rescue Rangers" gave credibility to the Disney animation teams that were also producing theatrical classics like " The Little Mermaid "," The beauty and the beast "," The rescuers below "and" The great mouse detective ". But on all these wonders shines "TaleSpin". The premiere of "Plunder and Lightning" was an exciting two-hour trip, and won an Emmy. To my delight, the rest of the episodes were on par with the promise of the premiere. <br /> <br /> While I enjoy the plots and the dialogue, I think that for me the biggest attraction is the characters. There's Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still fallible; Kit Cloudkicker, full of anguish and pre-adolescent optimism; Louie, with your loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer since Scotty in the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, cute and witty, but with a certain depth that most of the children's characters do not have, and of course in the middle of it all, is Baloo, whom I would describe as a Slob version of James Bond. This is because whenever there are problems, Baloo saves the day with the help of his sea duck more elegant than the fastest of all (Read: Aston Martin James Bond). Of course, every great show has to have great villains, and TaleSpin does not disappoint here either. From the megalomania of businesstiger Shere Kahn, to the vain and always failing aerial pirate Don Karnage, to the hilarious and inept Soviet satirized Thembrians. The animation is good, the music is appropriate and the episodes are (for me) the best that children's programming has had to offer. Great fun for the whole family!
