['This film makes a statement about Joseph Smith, what he defended and what the LDS church believes. With all the current media coverage of certain fugitives, the LDS church has been confused with the FLDS church and the criminal fugitive Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not associated with the LDS church, but international media groups have asked for comments about Jeffs from the LDS church. Jeffs is not mentioned at all in the film, but I think it&#39;s ironic that this film with all its points about Joseph also moves away from the few members of the FLDS church and its leader at this time in the media world. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and very good at that. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeffs and Joseph are represented in the humanity, acceptance and love of Joseph. Jeff&#39;s views and opinions differ greatly from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church and is seen in this film. Jeffs thinks of the &quot;black&quot; as demons. Joseph Smith knew they were children of God and gave his wife&#39;s favorite horse to an African-American (former slave) to buy his son&#39;s freedom. Joseph is shown doing housework for his wife Emma and is criticized by a member until Joseph tells him that a man can lose his wife in the next life if she decides not to stay with her husband and that doing chores is a way to help and appreciate. his wife. Jeffs led one of his polygamous wives on his knees in front of a class full of students, grabbing his braid and twisting it painfully until she knelt. Finally, José participated in the application of the law and sought help from the government at all times. Jeffs wrinkles his nose at the government and flees at all times. <br /><br /> I loved this movie and if you do not know much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS church believes, then this is the movie to watch. And if you have confused the LDS Church with the FLDS church, then you really need to act together. We are not very different from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the sanctity of marriage and family, and who is a patriot of our country and country. We are all different, just as you can find different Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. The important thing is our message and what we represent. This movie tries to portray that, but there is a big part of Joseph&#39;s life that can not be covered in a simple 2-hour movie. This was a great show.']
