This blunt western, often violent in the Peckinpah / Leone tradition, is surprisingly directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, whose previous westerns (notably those starring John Wayne) were mainly in John Ford mode. It is surprisingly traditional (good / bad) and also incredibly updated. <br /> <br /> Heston plays a former captain of the Arizona territorial police who has been retired for a year, after handing over the reins of law enforcement to a reform-minded sheriff (Michael Parks) and discovered that the cars, telegraphs, telephones and the railroad took over the application of the law in the early years of the twentieth century. But soon he faces a threat from his past: a mestizo outlaw (Coburn) who saved more than a decade ago for a train robbery that killed four guards. In a subsequent shooting, Coburn's wife was murdered; And so Coburn is out for a most unpleasant revenge. It involves the kidnapping and, finally, the rape of the daughter of Heston (Hershey) for him and his gang. The result is a violent and tense persecution through the mountains and deserts of southern Arizona. <br /> <br /> THE LAST HARD MEN, based on the novel "Gun Down" by Brian Garfield, are violent in many places, including the confrontation between Heston and Coburn, and the rape scene involving Hershey and two members of the Coburn gang (Quade, Paull) is probably as questionable as the similar scenes in STRAW DOGS and DELIVERANCE. But that does not detract too much from the psychological focus of the film for the Western genre. McLaglen is able to handle the bloody story with a significant touch, and Heston's performance as an elder lawman was probably the best he ever gave in any of his 70s movies. Coburn becomes a particularly heavy Cold-blooded, and both Parks and Chris Mitchum (like Hershey's husband) also make good turns. The music here is between the scores of Jerry Goldsmith at 100 RIFLES and the new STAGECOACH version of 1966, but it still works here. <br /> <br /> Wisely filmed entirely in southeastern Arizona, and using the Old Tucson set, THE Fox has to be published by Fox on VHS and / or DVD soon. It is a western that deserves nothing less.
