Somewhere near the bottom of the staircase of the movie studio you can find companies like UFO, Troma and below them is Seduction cinema. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a video production company that specializes in lesbian and non-erotic issues. films. He has developed a dedicated fan base that buys each new title as they are released, but unfortunately the company has become too closely associated with the frequent star Misty Mundae. I say with sadness because the recent general interest and its appearance in the Masters of Horrors program have led it to set a bit higher than the zero-budget C efforts that force the company to find a new identity. But in his glory days they released this movie in a very grateful world. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Misty Mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school she meets her absurdly hot roommate played by Ruby Larocca, who immediately has designs on her, but the director (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In the typical style of S. C, the film stops every ten minutes for an extended sex scene, but unlike most of its efforts, it has a somewhat interesting story and a couple of good performances. Ms. Larocca seems to be having a great time as the sexual predator who sees Misty as a tasty meal and Darian Caine makes a welcome (albeit brief) appearance as Satan. This is the kind of movie that Jess Franco would do in the 70s (although this does not have the hardcore sex that Franco was always willing to launch for sales abroad) and fans of that crazy man's work would be prudent to give him to this One opportunity. <br /> <br /> For me, as a fan of low-budget cinema (and Troma worshiper), I found the Seduction movies through their parody movies (Playmate of the Apes, Who Wants to Be a Billionaire erotic) but actually I prefer his most original works. Or you see beyond the low budget and, sometimes, a weak performance, or you stay hung of these things and you simply hate all these films. For me, the most obvious thing that unites these films without a budget is a true sense of fun. These low budget companies are able to create their own unique style that gives the viewer something very different from the nondescript, by the numbers, the study efforts that the multiplexes load. <br /> <br /> If you've never seen a seduction The movie film, either this one or Sin Sisters' (with the two Mundae sisters) are great options to start with. This is a fun and fast-paced movie (although the frequent shots outside the school become a bit old) and the DVD is fully loaded with extras that include a lot of previews of other company offers, an excellent backstage function and some deleted scenes including an alternative aperture. I recommend that you broadcast the disc bonus feature, the director's first film, as it is quite weak and not worth seeing.
