I was lucky to see this without any exaggeration prior to viewing. I was surprised by the ability to recover the image of the ghost in my mind the next day and the next day. I have seen it 3-4 times, and each time I appreciate it even more. The settings are beautiful, the city at dusk has beautiful lighting effects, the long shots of the marsh and the house itself is sufficiently cultivated with moss. The main hero is so nice and kind, that he easily sympathizes with him. For the person who complained that there was not enough 'spark' in this movie, I would say that it is because the whole fight against the ghost is being waged only by this person. It is a fairly slow-paced movie, with an unusual amount of time, before and after the ghost attack, in the development of your character with family and work life. Discussion of SPOILERS / <br /> <br /> I especially liked the turning point, when he returns to the main city and meets with the man who is helping him and explains how to see the ghost. He describes the Woman in black and then, at the end of the conversation, he says he will come back, because after all, what harm had she done to him? The other man says: "You can not go back ... alone!" And he lends the hero his dog. The friendly little dog offers a small respite of comical relief, as he is jumping around the house and even inside the closed room. <br /> <br /> The many casual appearances of the ghost really scared me. The woman appears halfway in the church, which shows that she is not afraid of the church and that she is neither shy nor tied to the house. This is all in the beginning. Another incredibly memorable scene was with the children outside the church fence, watching the funeral. When the camera turns to the right, the woman is seen in the background between the tombstones. The older man does not even look at him, but the children shout and make fun of him. Crreeepy ... Usually, ghosts are hidden in the shadows, tormenting specific places or people. As mentioned, the malevolence and wrath of the ghost are terrifying, and I feel they are attacks and the ending was perfect and totally justified. The ending underscored the fact that the hero made a big mistake when he returned home. Or maybe it was marked no matter what, saving the gypsy girl. The guy who plays the hotel manager is very credible and really plays the role well. I've been spreading the word to my friends about how much I enjoyed this movie, and it's reassuring to see others feel the same. I can see how people do not see the same masterpiece, especially if they reviewed it very carefully. <br /> <br /> I think someone else summed it up when he said that this movie solved the problem. question of whether ghosts can physically harm a man or not. Luckily ... I plan to see you again tonight followed by The Changeling, aaww yes. Any other movie to recommend? <br /> <br /> Thanks,
