New York, 1953. On a hot night, four famous iconic figures will gather. The teacher (Albert Einstein) has come to New York to give a speech, which he has, the senator (Joesph MacCarthy) on his back. Later that night, he receives a surprise visitor; A famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who really wants to discuss the theories of relativity. Soon, her husband, ball player (Joe DiMaggio), appears in the hotel room, praying that things will be resolved for their broken relationship. The flashbacks of childhood, the important events, the perceived consequences of their actions creep in to show how these individuals face the despair and hidden fear that is waiting to escape. <br /> <br /> Now that is unique! Adapted from a theatrical play by Terry Johnson (who would also be the screenplay script for the film), "Insignificance" is a strange, quirky, seductive and downright curious fictitious fiction trick in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This inspired and experimental cerebral effort could be rooted in its theatrical origins, since it feels theatrical and most of the action takes place in the context of a hotel and a master suite. The appearance of the cramps only improved the mood of the New York mood and smoke with great effect. However, these limitations can not contain the fruitful and daring ideas that Roeg manages to obtain at random visually and through meaningful material. The way he reflects on the characters (which are suggestively famous figures, without the need to name them) the philosophical journeys and the interpretations of his notions is stimulating in a spiritual sense, with memories in the present and visions that show his fears of realizations , that depending on what you are seeing is beautiful or implemented in a disturbing way. There are a lot of elements of reflection and suggestions within the verbally innovative script (although sometimes uncomfortable), with the main focus related to the current situation, but the flashbacks give us the personal makeup (sex, power, lighting and glory) of what they do who they are and how much burdens can there be already demanding lives. Surely the story may not lead to anything in the end, and may feel disjointed, but the dreamy environment and intelligent arrangement fix those folds and make sure you never get sick. The sensually fluid photography of Peter Hannan and the sonorous song of blues of Stanley Myers that filter perfectly to the style of moderate direction and stylistically established Roeg. It seems that he is working with something large and large scale, but otherwise that is not the case and a small universe is created. The old costumes and the locations of the time come off properly. What the film did for me was the impressive performance that boasted of the top four. The sexy and cheerful attractiveness of Theresa Russell from the sexy pin-up actress is a growing portrait that definitely kept the film together with a genuinely excellent and endearing performance by Michael Emil as a teacher. Tony Curtis plays him wonderfully as a witch-hunting senator and Gary Busey is suitably good at the gravity of the gravel as a ball player. Appearing in minor importance, but the fun supporting roles are Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> A piece of metaphysics of memorable meditation, surprising and of force tour, united by four different extremes. Some may find it pretentious and too complicated, but it engulfed me in its small and unique world to worry me too much about its shortcomings.
