MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a fascinating 1945 thriller by Joseph H. Lewis, possibly one of the best directors of the Hollywood Noir movies. This 65-minute Gothic rarity from Columbia Pictures came after Lewis's long apprenticeship as an assistant to a series of poverty westerns, East Side Kids comedies, horror melodramas (including Bela Lugosi's incredibly strange and shocking shock INVISIBLE GHOST) and the standard product of study B (SECRETS OF A COEDI, BOMBS ON BURMA, THE FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO, etc.), all of which set the stage quite well for what would come from the enormously talented and inventive Mr. Lewis . MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS (in addition to SO DARK THE NIGHT the following year) introduced a director who had mastered rare and delicate art by telling a dark and sonorous story quickly and efficiently with the most modest budgets. Lewis' later productions, such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955), despite the expanded scope of their narrative structure, continued to rely on skillful lucid camera work and effective low-profile lighting. And very modest resources. <br /> <br /> MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is probably due more to the tradition of the British mysteries (it is set in a studio in England) than to the conventional attitudes and pitfalls of black cinema. A young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to take a place in the home of an elderly woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days after his arrival, he wakes up from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and, mysteriously, with a new identity, that of the old woman's daughter-in-law. In saying that he has been the victim of a nervous breakdown, he struggles to understand the absolute and seemingly desperate nature of his situation. But in a short time he begins to reconstruct the strange and worrying truth behind this dark mystery, that his "husband" (the ever threatening George Macready) probably murdered his real wife and that he has been tricked into participating in a sinister and sinister plan. Much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest tale are the indelible touches Lewis brings to production, marking him as the first of his truly serious efforts as a film director.
