I have always been a great admirer of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite movies. This is a film version of Roegs 'play and, although most of the film takes place in a hotel room, it still has some of Roegs' cinematic reflections. A very unique story is about a famous actress (Theresa Russell) who, after a hard night's work in a movie in 1954, goes to a hotel to visit a famous teacher (Michael Emil) and, together, they converse in her room of the hotel. After a while, she wants to go to bed with him, but when they start to undress, her husband is banging on the door. Her husband is a famous former baseball player (Gary Busey) and wants to know what's going on. The three in the hotel room talk about what is happening and what the future holds. Meanwhile, a famous senator (Tony Curtis) is threatening to remove the professor's papers if he does not testify at a hearing. Theresa Russell is simply excellent and while she is not trying to pass herself off as the epitome of Marilyn Monroe, she does a wonderful job of exuding the phobia and nuances that Monroe is well known for. One thing the film does is show that it is not only a woman on the verge of a mental crisis, but also to show it as a physical ruin. She talks about not being able to have children and in a moment of the film suffers a spontaneous abortion. You can show that this is Russell's best performance and probably would not discuss it. The film does something interesting by showing many flashbacks as the characters continue to talk about one thing and in the flashback we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also offers good solid performance and reminds me of the strong personality it emits on the screen. Emil as a teacher is a character who has many more things in mind than we originally thought. The last scene in this movie is a demonstration of its darker side! One of the highlights of the film for me is the little conversation he has with the elevator man (Will Sampson from "Cuckoo's Nest") and they discuss what the Cherokee Indians think of at all times. But, of course, the famous scene in this movie is where Russell shows Emil how he understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show this. The professor is delighted with his demonstration and we too. Russell and Roeg are married in real life and do an admirable job when they are in collaboration and this is probably their best movie together. The good performances and an interesting directing work make this a stimulating and visually stimulating film.
