If you are a fan of Gothic horror, then you definitely have the absolute guarantee of LOVING this wonderful Italian movie "Castle of Blood". We are really talking about doors that creak in a creepy way, creepy portraits that seem to be moving, spontaneously extinguishing candles, although there is no wind or smoke coming out from under the heavy doors of the wooden chambers. Speaking in terms of atmosphere and style, this masterpiece of Gothic cinema is one of the best; Only a small league under reference points such as "Black Sunday", "The three faces of fear" and "The curse of the woman who cries." Prominent director duo Sergio Corbucci ("The Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") are successful in all areas, including a powerful plot (one that genuinely induces the nightmare). Ultra-sinister scenes and filming scenarios, elegant black and white photographs, chilling music and a brilliant gathering of talented artists. Barbara Steele, the star of the aforementioned "Black Sunday" and the number one Italian Gothic muse, shines again as a spiritually tormented character and is literally surrounded by excellent players. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even gives a quite credential description of the author Edgar Allan Poe. The story involves him and another wealthy visitor to a rural tavern that challenges a young brutal journalist to accept a morbid gamble. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? He would survive a night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, receive the amazing $ 10 reward and a newspaper interview with Poe. Needless to say, Calvary is much more dangerous than it seems, even for someone like Alan Foster, who does not believe firmly in ghosts and vampires. The night begins very well for him, as he even meets the incredibly beautiful woman of his dreams, but little by little he learns that Blackwood Castle is a hellish place where the ghosts of previously dead visitors get trapped by all the eternity. I do not know about you, but this is seriously one of my favorite horror movie installations of all time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti clearly was also proud of this film, because he remade it a couple of years later as "Web of the Spider". That film had a handful of triumphs, such as the casting of none other than Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but in general this original is far superior. The "Castillo de la Sangre" literally oozes atmosphere and maintains a completely disturbing atmosphere at all times. This is really one of the rare movies that can make the hair on your arms and the back of your neck become frightened if you see it in the right circumstances. Look at it late at night, preferably alone and in a candle-lit room, and you'll get an idea about the true definition of horror.
