Originally I saw this movie as a child in the old Rialto Theater as part of a triple Saturday afternoon session that also included Vincent Price's "Last Man on Earth" and Vincent Price's "Nightmare Castle". I had nightmares about bloodthirsty ghosts for a week after! Although I did not know it then, all three films would prove to be classics of the genre. No wonder I was so scared! Although the three films scared me, it was Castillo de Sangre that had the most profound impact. <br /> <br /> It was the first on the list. I could not even see it from the beginning, since we were late for the cinema and we missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. There is much that can be lost, since the edited print only lasted about 79 minutes (the unedited one is executed in 87 minutes). But in spite of this, the dark and spooky atmosphere (complete with ruined castles, fog wrapped in cemeteries, shadows and cobwebs), the Gothic design, the strong acting and the suspense (especially the last 20 minutes) scared me and caused me a lasting impression It took me years to finally get a copy of the film for my collection. As it was a Franco - Italian import, it was not a film that appeared on the Winnipeg program. I could not remember the title (remember I could not see the beginning of the film and I was scared), and to make matters worse, the film had been released under a dozen different movie titles (also known as Danze Macabre). , Coffin of Terror, Castle of Terror, Long Night of Terror, etc ...) and the USA / UK work title "Castle of Blood" was very generic, similar to dozens of other horror movies and suspense "b" , so illusory. But thanks to the internet and perseverance, I found it at last! What a pleasure to finally see the film in its entirety after so many years! It may not have had the great emotional impact I had when I was a child, but as seen in the films of The Haunted House, it stays well and compares favorably with similar iconic films of the time like "The Haunting", "The Innocents "or" Black Sunday ", the film is a good initial effort by Italian director Antonio Margheriti. It stars Barbara Steele, the icon of the screaming queen of the 60s, and features a well-written script by Sergio Corbucci about a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who, in a gamble, spends the night in the haunted house and Without suspecting it becomes part of an ongoing ghostly annual story. The hypnotic Steele is well interpreted as the ghostly love interest, like Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus, and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. <br /> <br /> Many of the tricks used by Margheriti to create the mysterious atmosphere of the film (cobwebs, screeching doors, fog, etc.) seem to be related to the cliché of a modern audience, but they work in a way Much more effective in black and white than in modern color, instead of using body counts and special effects, the film creates fears the old-fashioned, relying on a good story, an elegant direction, a production of fine sets, a Interesting work with the camera and strong acting performances Margheriti does a wonderful job of taking these elements and building the suspense of the film, as the horrific paranormal secret of the house is gradually revealed to the unwitting writer. <br /> <br /> The film is not without its flaws.The rhythm stops at the beginning of the film (ironically, the 20 minutes I originally missed) .This is probably worsened by The effort of Synapse movies to restore the film to its original length. Although fans are likely to appreciate the opportunity to see the restored movie, in terms of introduction, it may have been more of an obstacle than an aid. The voice overdubs in English are merely passable and, in the restored scenes, the language changes from English to French (subtitles are provided in English), which will surely be annoying for some viewers. <br /> <br /> However, Synapse Films deserves great prestige. For the quality of the printing. Clearly, he put a little effort into his restoration and deservedly. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed the film immensely and I highly recommend it to fans of the Italian Gothic films of the 60s, or to anyone who enjoys a good ghost story. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
