Italy produced many really great and original horror films in the 1960s, and this is certainly one of them! The first thing you will notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the film. Filmed in beautiful black and white, and due to the use of lighting by director Antonio Margheriti; The movie almost seems like it could be a German expressionist horror movie. This, along with the plot full of horror ensures that Danse Macabre is a film that truly captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does not hurt things, and the good news continues as, in this film, she flexes her acting muscles more than she did in the films that made her famous. . The plot is very aware of the moment it was launched, and thus incorporates the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood that he can not spend a whole night in the old and spooky castle of the latter. All those who spent the night there previously died ... and our hero is about to meet the previous punters! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror films do not tend to focus so much on each shot and the result is that there is not much beauty left in the genre. It is refreshing, therefore, to watch this movie. Many of the shots here are incredibly beautiful, from the female side of the couple wearing only a transparent skirt to my personal favorite, a shot of smoke coming in from under a door. This is my first film by Antonio Margheriti, and even after seeing only this one; It is obvious that he was one of the main directors of Italy. Also interesting is the fact that the script was co-written by another of the great Italians; The creator of Django Sergio Corbucci. The plot can mean a little too much sometimes, but there's always enough room at hand to make sure the movie never gets boring, and the fact that it's always interesting, even when the plot slows down, ensures the same thing. The way in which Danse Macabre uses the theme of the 'haunted house' is well done and original, and helps keep the story as mysterious as possible. In general, fans of Italian cinema and / or cult will not want to miss this little gem.
