It is not the task of every movie to stimulate you superficially. I will take an ambitious failure by a massive market blow any day. While this really can not be described as a failure, the sum of its parts remains ambiguous. That indecipherable quality prompts me to look at it again and again. This is a challenging and provocative film that does not wrap things in an orderly manner. The problem with the movie is in its structure. Its intrinsic plot seems to be ending, just when a second end is pointed. Although everything is technically dazzling, the film is exactly too long for that unit. The prolonged climax of Leo's awakening comes approximately 20 minutes late. <br /> <br /> The great cinematography often comes at the expense of a decent script, but here the innovative technique of the camera offers a lot of visual ideas. The artifice of composition is provocative and attractive; A character is projected backwards but his own hand in the foreground is not. The world represented is deliberate, treacherous and absurd. Keep your eyes wide open for a memorable and technically amazing murder that will leave you speechless. <br /> <br /> The compositions are impressive. Whoever has chosen to release the video tape (exhausted) in the scan and scan format should never have seen it. Where is the DVD? <br /> <br /> It is incomprehensible that someone can give this originality a bad review. You should see it at least once. You get the feeling that von Trier bit more than he could chew, but this movie ends up being richer for that. I suspect he is familiar with Hitchcock's Foreign Correspondent, in which malicious Europeans also manipulate an American victim and several Welles films that take as much pride in technique as he does. All von Trier's films explore the plight of the naive in the midst of implacable societies. After Zentropa, von Trier moved away from this kind of audacious technical experiment towards a sap without nuances, overrated and without nuances like Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark.
