"Danza Macabra" by Antonio Margheriti alias. "Castle Of Blood" from 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly fascinating masterpiece of the Italian Gothic Horror, and after "La Maschera Del Demonio" by Mario Bava (also known as "Black Sunday") from 1960 and "Pit And The Pendulum" Roger Corman's 1961. (starring the great Vincent Price), another must-see that earned the wonderful Barbara Steele her more than deserved fame as the icon of the most important female Horror in the history of motion pictures. But not only is the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele one of my favorite actresses of all time, the script of "Dance Macabre" was co-written by none other than the cinematographic genius Sergio Corbucci, who directed such ingenious western landmarks as Spaghetti as "Django "(1966) and" El gran silencio "(1968). The number 2 of Italy in the field (just after Mario Bava), the Director Antonio Margheriti is one of the masters of all time of the Gothic Horror, and the "Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Hardly another film works so brilliantly in creating an incredibly disturbing and beautiful atmosphere, as is the case with this spooky masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets the famous writer of brilliant macabre stories, Edgar Allen Poe, in a somber tavern in London, the young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts a bet from a nobleman, who can not spend night in his enchanted castle on the night of the eve of all souls. As soon as Foster enters the mysterious castle, mysterious things begin to happen. After a while, however, he meets a charming resident of the castle, the incredibly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). The mysterious events so far, however, have only been the forebodings of the terrors that the castle endures, however ... <br /> <br /> The mysterious castle alone would be enough to create a gloomy atmosphere, the excellent white and black The cinematography and a great score by Riz Ortolani create an incredibly disturbing atmosphere that is incomparable. The wonderful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I just can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has been able to unite dazzling beauty with the strange as is the case with Steele, and no actress will ever do so. In addition to Steele, the cast of the film contains another stunning beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and also offers a great performance. The performance of George Rivière as Alan Foster is excellent, and the rest of the performances are also very good. "Castle of Blood" is outstanding in many departments: Barbara Steele offers one of her best performances, the cinematography and the places are incredibly fascinating, the atmosphere is incredibly mysterious ... The movie is simply a perfect atmosphere, the Gothic beauty. and the art of terror. In short: "Castle of Blood" is one of the most incredible and atmospheric gothic horror films ever made, and no one interested in the genre should be missed! 10/10
