Today actresses gain weight, dye their hair, dress like slugs and lose their glamor for a role, and Bette Davis was probably the actress who started the trend. Even as a young, pretty woman who occasionally wore Constance Bennett designer and makeup clothes in movies, Davis was willing to devastate herself to create a character both on the outside and the inside. <br /> <br /> She The determination is amply demonstrated here in her film, "Of Human Bondage," in which she plays Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, a zoobo, manipulative and greedy of low life for the masochist of Howard, Philip, club foot. He meets her for the first time when she is a waitress, and she allows him to accompany her to dinner and the theater while she has fun with a rich older man (Alan Hale Sr.). In truth, Mildred is rejected by the foot of Philip's club. For his part, Philip seems to enjoy the abuse of his open flirtation and his coldness towards him. He allows Mildred to drain him financially among the boyfriends who abandon her when they tire of her, while he dismisses a pair of truly lovely women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he has the gall to throw her out, Mildred destroys his apartment and steals it, forcing him to withdraw from medical school and lose his lodging. <br /> <br /> "Of Human Bondage" looks pretty forced today in parts. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful and attractive actor, his acting style is of a more formal old school, and as a result, tends to come out in whatever it is. She shines on material such as her role with Davis in "It's Love I'm After" or "The Petrified Forest," which requires her kind of technique. His dated acting is even more obvious here because Davis was forging a new ground with a rough and bold performance that would really make his name. If she seems sometimes exaggerated, she came from the stage, and the subtleties of the cinematic performance would emerge later for her. Contrast this performance with the moderation, warmth and kindness of his Henriette in "All This, and Heaven Too" or the pathos that brought "Dark Victory". She was a true actress and a true artist. Davis really lets himself be seen as the holy hell; The deterioration of Mildred is absolutely pathetic, since Philip seems to gain strength as his spirit fades. <br /> <br /> An excellent film in which you can see the blossoming of one of the great stars of cinema.
