The electrifying performance of Bette Davis is such that it is difficult to remember the other players. They were as perfect in their parts as Davis was in theirs, they just did not have much to do. Some of the critics felt that the book was much better, but it was not easy to give the film the fact that condensing a book of 600 pages in 83 minutes is not easy. The first part of the book did not even reach the screen: it spoke of Phillip's childhood, then he moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip had gone to try to do good as an artist. He also narrates his first romance: with Fanny Price, who commits suicide when he realizes that Phillip can not return his feelings of love. It's a wonderful, but rambling book, and I think anyone who does not think too well about the movie should read the book and realize how good the movie is. <br /> <br /> After realizing that it will only be. a mediocre painter, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) returns to England with the hope of taking medicine. When in a tea room she meets a sullen waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis). Even though she has no interest in him and basically treats him like trash, Phillip is obsessed. It is so difficult to observe their efforts to try to find civility in this vicious beast. In one scene, she agrees to meet him in a waiting room for second class trains, when they almost miss her, she chides him with "why would I wait in a second class waiting room when there is a first class available?" . You just want to shake it. The only time she likes it is when she tells him that she is going to marry another man, a rude salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred offstage, she meets Nora (Kay Johnson), a lovely woman who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym. She jokes about the popularity enjoyed by books among servants (in the novel I had seen Mildred reading). Nora gives Phillip all the love and confidence he needs, but he is unable to return his love. When Mildred returns (Miller did not marry her and she is having a baby), of course he takes care of her and helps her with the baby (in the film it is treated as an object, always called "baby", never given a name or gender) - she rewards him by running away with her best friend. <br /> <br /> At the hospital he meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee), who visits his sick father. Start visiting your home and, for the first time in your life, you feel familiar. Then surprise! surprise! Mildred returns as a bad penny and surprises! Philip welcomes her. But he has changed and only feels upset when she tries to show gratitude in the only way she knows. Then follows one of the most vicious and verbal fights in the film with phrases like "You cad, you dirty pig", "I only kissed you because you begged me" and "when you left I wiped my mouth, I wiped my mouth" !! ! In the book many common Mildred phrases like "you are a gentleman in every sense of the word", "I do not care" and "Mr. High and Mighty" associated with prostitutes and when Phillip meets her for the first time Surprise about that. <br /> <br /> The end of the film shows Phillip (being truly free of Mildred in the only way possible) now free to love Sally. Again in the book, Sally tells Phillip that she thinks she is having a baby, but that makes him more sure of his love. That ending, like Mildred's "illness", could not be in the film, not even a precoding. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson was always called upon to play sensible and credible women, which she performed to perfection while she was obviously sensitive to herself. His Nora was the woman Philip should have stayed with. Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful devices on the screen. Obviously, she was being prepared for stardom with some roles that proved she was not just a pretty face ("The Silver Cord" and "Blood Money"), but when she married Joel McCrea, her career began to run out. His Sally did not take his talent to the limit. Apparently, Leslie Howard was not much help for Bette Davis on set, she was upset that an English actress was not given the role. He used to throw his lines "while reading a book off camera." He became interested when a newspaper reported that "the child was running away with the image." <br /> <br /> Very, very recommended.
