This 1934 adaptation of Somerset Maugham's novel put Bette Davis on the map as a film actress. She could have won an Academy Award for her performance, but the films were borrowed, so her study did not push her. His performance in this does not go well by today's standards. Like the ruthless waitress who shakes Philip, a sensitive medical student, around and almost ruined his life, Davis is too sharp, almost demonic. The director John Cromwell, who usually got good performances from his actresses, perhaps was overwhelmed by this. Davis is observable, no doubt, but so shrill and predatory that it seems un-human. I imagine that the character of Millie is calmer, less feminine than Davis, perhaps with a touch of the tomboy. Davis is such a strong and immediate presence that it does not have an air of mystery, which makes Philip's attraction to her appear more openly masochistic than it should be. <br /> <br /> Like Philip, Leslie Howard is excellent. Its pale appearance, somewhat withered, is perfect for this failed esthete. Nor does it impose a personal interpretation on the part, as, say, Dirk Bogarde could have done, which gives his work a rare clarity. It seems that here he has total control, as he should be, interpreting a man with a rational intellect that is in the grip of irrational emotions that he can not handle or even satisfy completely, since the object of his affections moves him in ways that can not understand Howard was a good actor, too often he presented standard romantic parts that forced him to resort to charm, which he does not use here. <br /> <br /> It's been so long since I read the book I read. Do not feel comfortable commenting on the fidelity of the film. I think he captures the spirit of the story well enough, and that Howard has a perfect Philip Carey. The sexual currents are silenced, and sometimes Philip behaves so masochistically that, in the absence of strong sexual feelings, one wonders about the character's sanity, and not about Mr. Maugham's intention. Thanks to Howard's performance, Philip remains firmly focused, as can be seen in his various responses and hopes for Millie, to the extremes to which a reasonable intellect will go to understand the irrational, in itself and in others. <br /> <br /> In general, a very good film, sometimes a bit forced, due to its age, evokes London very well and is well represented for the most part.
