The story is somewhat forced, with the sudden changes of luck of the main character, but the portraits of Leslie Howard and Bette Davis of Philip Carey, the naive obsessed lover and Mildred Rogers, the unworthy object of their affections, raise this film considerably above of the standard melodrama. <br /> <br /> Philip, sensitive and cultured, who for most of the image is in bondage to his first crush and then to his pity for Mildred is no different from a character that Howard would interpret a few years later: Ashley Wilkes, the southern gentleman is too refined and decent to do so in the era of Reconstruction. Philip, in fact, seems to resign himself to disappointment even before Mildred enters the scene, he does not even seem particularly surprised when his art teacher tells him that he will never make it as a painter. Maybe it's this passivity, these reduced expectations that makes him endure the selfish waitress Cockney while doing it. <br /> <br /> Although Leslie Howard is memorable, today it is mainly thought of "Of Human Bondage" as an image of Bette Davis, perhaps due to the well-known story of how he had to fight against Jack Warner to obtain the role of Mildred, and perhaps also because the cinema audience tends to prefer characters with their brazen energy. Mildred may have a rough voice, but she also has the ethereal beauty of an angel with stained glass, which makes it a little understandable why Philip let himself be tied as long as he. Although sometimes the man who eats Mildred may seem one-dimensional, she evokes sympathy in the viewer from time to time when she becomes ill and belatedly realizes that Philip is the only decent man who has cared for her. You can also think that he is in something when he accuses Philip of looking at her from above because he is not "good enough". (The scene in which Philip and Norah dismiss romance magazines as garbage for kitchen maids seems to confirm this). <br /> <br /> Most supporting characters are also effective, especially Norah, the sensitive romance writer who loves Philip but knows she can never compete with Mildred and Sally who has the beauty of Mildred and decency of Norah and emerges as the deserving woman with whom Philip is rewarded at the end. The only character I found empty was the eccentric father of Sally, who dragged the aristocratic father, who seems to be an original character from a previous era. <br /> <br /> A classic that deserves its reputation.
