When reading the websites in Bette Davis, you can find cases in which the authors claim that their performance is nothing special. I even found a site that claimed that Bette Davis's success was probably due to her luck. But the Davis films of 1934 say the opposite. The most obvious example are two films that he did only a few weeks apart: Fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage. The characters he played in these films, although both are negative, are quite different. Arlene in the first is a beautiful, glamorous and frivolous heiress and a much more sympathetic character than Mildred in the second, who is a pale Cockney waitress, uneducated and reckless. Needless to say, Mrs. Davis interpreted both characters very authentic and with the same enthusiasm. But even that is not all. The point is that the previous role, which most actresses would like at the time, was the one she had to interpret. This last role, which to most actresses seemed an undesirable and destructive role of his career, was the one that she fought fiercely for months. And it was this last paper that launched her among the greatest stars. So there is no doubt that Mrs. Davis knew from the beginning what she was doing. <br /> <br /> The movie, which tells of a medical student Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) who falls sadly in love with Cockney waitress Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has some points of the week, but many more powerful. The story is simply too big to be told in just 83 minutes. For example, it is not clear why the refined student was interested in a reckless waitress in the first place. Well, there is a scene in which we are exposed to the captivating eyes of Mrs. Davis, but this is when her emotions are already fully developed. However, the integrity of the story is preserved thanks to the superior performance of Howard and Davis, as well as the fantastic music of Steiner, which tells many emotions even when we do not see the faces of the characters. In fact, the film is amalgamated by Phillip's walking sequences that show him from the back complemented by a repetition of two shocking tones. All the details are well thought out: Max Steiner wrote a beautiful leitmotiv for every woman in Phillip's life, which is used steadily throughout the film. And a beautiful scene in which we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I've seen exactly because of the stunning beauty of Francis Dee (Dee, Ms. Dee was considered too beautiful to play the lead role in Gone with a wind), as well as Steiner's captivating music. The camera movements between some scenes are also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my biggest objection is that the events are presented in two dimensions, which induces the viewer that Mildred is a definite whore. The most disgusting characters must be the men who attract her to a relationship, despite knowing that they will abandon her after using her, but that, curiously enough, they ended up represented as nice characters. After all, Mildred always, in her own specific way, but still honest, lets Phillip know that she despises him and has no interest in him. What he simply refuses to listen to. The main reason for his love problem is the masochistic nature of Phillips related to the foot of his club and childhood experiences. He is enslaved by both Mildred and his club club and maybe he has to be free of both to start a normal life. Of course, the selfish and reckless Mildred, after discovering Phillip's voluntary slavery with her, did her own part to make her life hell. Even considering that it exploded after realizing that slavery had relaxed, it is not clear why he would burn Phillip's money (Maugham pretended to be different in his novel). After all, she could also steal it and drink gallons of champagne. <br /> <br /> By modern standards, the movie is a bit outdated, but every time you watch it, you can reveal interesting new details because of the superior quality. Performance, fascinating music and original edition, so it deserves the best possible brand.
