This movie is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman that men are attracted to. Not because she is a beautiful pretty girl, but because she is a sexual entity. Now the movie does not come out and says that but it's obvious. There is a scene in the movie in which all men look at her with bulging eyes. She works as a waitress in a coffee shop, she can not read and there is really nobody to look at, but she is a coquette. It's obvious that the male customers in that cafe are there for her. One day, Phillip, a failed painter in a club, a medical student comes to the store to say something to his friend, but is fascinated by the time he sees her. He starts buying his things, even pays for his apartment. Meanwhile she is seeing other people and does not make any secret about it. He dreams of her as if she were an angel, but she is not an angel. He is constantly thinking about her. Your grades in medical school are even failing. So, what is the nookie too good. He wants to marry her, but she rejects him because he is marrying another man. She always lets Phil know that he really does not have feelings of love for him all the time. Her heart is broken, but she knows another woman. They seem fine, but it is obvious that they are still dreaming of the Bimbo. Mildred comes back with a baby and got married. Phillip takes it again, but she begins to go out with a friend of his, the bulb lights a little and he throws it out. She does what she knows works, so she tries to seduce him, well, it does not work and she proceeds to burn her tuition money. Oh, we have a foot in the club that has problems, even though a street teenager who has the same problem tells him to relax about it. Meet another girl named Sally. We have a March time montage that shows her aging while he accompanies her still waiting for Mildred. Well, he does not have a school registration, he can not find a job. Finally, Sally and her dad receive it. Not before another March of Time show that shows that it is going downhill. Soon, his uncle who raised him dies and gets money to become a doctor. Meanwhile, he finds that Mildred needs him again. She has tuberculosis Meanwhile, she still takes Sally down Primrose's path about marriage and takes a job on a steamboat. Finally, the bimbo dies and Phillip declares that he is now free and will marry Sally. I wanted her to tell him to put it in. Now I know that my opinion about the characters will not give me any point. But I feel that Phillip was the bad guy. Yes, Mildred is a Strumpet BUT she knows it, and keeps coming back. Meanwhile, he has two other friends who love him, but he treats them as snacks. I guess the sex was not so good. But in any case, he persecutes those women who wait for Mildred. Not only that, but the man who gets Mildred pregnant is already married and when Philip asks him what he plans to do about Baby (apparently the baby's name), he laughs, has no intention of helping her, and is rich . Sally's father, who has 9 children, says some rather unpleasant things about women, but he is said to be an old traditionalist. Philip does not seem to refute his feelings either. The men are using Mildred as a toy boy, but the men in this movie are unharmed. Yes, she was not a respectable woman, but far from being a villain. For me, it was Philip who had the real problem and it was his sexual obsession with Mildred.
