I like Leslie Howard, in his best movies. However, for some reason, his performance in OF BUMA HUMANA has never moved me greatly. The first time I saw the film on my university campus was in 1972 and the newspaper critic of the university commented that in the 1930s and 1940s Howard played the roles that then Dirk Bogard supposedly interpreted as the man who was born to be betrayed. This is not usually the case (on the one hand, I think of Ashley Wilkes as a man who could be betrayed, if he and Scarlett O'Hara were an article by Margaret Mitchell, but Ashley loved Melonie, not Scarlett). Howard could play any kind, and a role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not one to be betrayed. * <br /> <br /> (* One can argue that Philip Armstrong Scott is betrayed by the two strangers showing hospitality in the 49th PARALLEL, but it is the Nazis who consider it, a liberal, Western and Canadian game, just for It is not the same as emotional betrayal, and Howard does not shrink as a result, but he confronts the Nazis and captures one after striking him. <br /> <br /> I think what he wanted To say the critic was that Howard could be poignant, or try to be touching, witness his poet, dreamer, vagabond in THE PETRIFIQUE FORREST, but that character was not betrayed, except perhaps for the story (since he believes that his type he is as outdated as the mafioso played by Humphrey Bogart.) The character of Philip Carey in Somerset Maugham's of HUMAN BONDAGE is also moving, he is sensitive for several reasons, he is interested in art and tries to become a painter, but unlike of the artist Strickland in THE MOON AND SIXPENCE, has no real talent. So he decides to concentrate on medical studies, accentuated by the club standing condition he has. Here is a man with low self-esteem who is prepared to be betrayed. <br /> <br /> Philip finds that betrayal in the form of the waitress Mildred a Cockney (Bette Davis) who is mercenary and as selfish as they are. come. Why Philip falls in love with her is not really addressed in the movie, but he does find the woman fascinating. And she finds you an easy food ticket. Ironically, being so captivated by this slut, Philip does not notice two other women who are interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee), and are more apt to be his partner. She also continues to forgive Davis when she has sex with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny, this last friend of Howard). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's performance captures Philip's doormat tendency towards Mildred, he does not really show enough passion (until the end of the movie, when he turns it on). That's why I discover that I never cared about his performance here, it lacks reality. His subsequent tortured insistence on GONE WITH THE WIND that he loves Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, is more consistent with a man in love. But Davis' performance as Mildred makes the movie important. He had a wide variety of parts until 1934, like the deaf pianist's girlfriend in THE MAN WHO PLAYED WITH GOD or the spoiled heiress who is murdered in FOG OVER FRISCO or the mouse-shaped secretary in THREE IN A PARTY. As Mildred finally showed that she could be an important actress playing a selfish bitch. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, his performance was not a single note. While she uses and abuses Howard for two-thirds of the movie, which culminates in the famous scene in which she shows how disgusted he kissed her, the last scene shows that she too could fall apart as her health deteriorates and her inability to keep it. Any honest work. When Howard rejects her, the spectators do not realize how equally evil she is (asks what happened to her baby, she tells him that the baby died and Howard says sharply that he is happy, which is not the answer that waits). In the end, Howard finally puts his life in order, but Mildred ends up with a victim (ironically, her death was discovered by her old boyfriend Denny in a medical call). The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences failed to nominate Davis in 1934 (which led to the largest writing campaign in its history and a permanent change in its rules), but Davis was established as a star. In a year he won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS. And in two years he co-starred again with Howard (as equal stars) in THE PETRIFIED FORREST.
