The cockney accent of Bette Davis in this movie is absolutely frightening. I fully understand that Americans and other nationalities may not realize this and that's fine; but believe me, it's almost half as good as Dick Van Dyke's cockney accent in Mary Poppins, and that was a fair burden of the old pony (it was introduced in the vernacular of London, many apologies). <br /> <br /> Most notable for me is that the strange accents and exaggerated acting styles do not detract from the power of the film. Of Human Bondage is a fascinating film work despite its superficial flaws. You also have to see it in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of filmmaking at the moment must be appreciated, and given these limitations, John Cromwell does a very good job of directing the camera and allowing the narrative to be developed cinematically rather than solely through the form of act and forced dialogue. A good example of his skillful direction is the scene set in Victoria station. It is beautifully conceived, filmed and edited. Note also the rigid planes of the prostrate Mildred towards the end of the film; They owe more to the early days of artistic filmmaking than to the sanitized and formulated world of the study I was about to master. <br /> <br /> The themes of the film are universally familiar and convincing: sexual obsession, unrequited love, disdainful passion, self-hatred, manipulative relationships, social divisions and juvenile madness. Although dialogue is often trite, the difficult task of portraying these themes and the inner life of the characters is approached well, albeit in a discreet way. Some of the scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to watch, but the story does not descend to cliché; we are aware that the characters (even the poisonous Mildred) are both victims and perpetrators, and that their actions are motivated by the misunderstanding of the feelings of others and deliberate selfishness. Although naive in its style, the story reaches the complex heart of the human condition and the moderate nature of the performance and, occasionally, the exchanges of grids do not diminish the veracity of the work. <br /> <br /> Human Bondage was one of the films that Bette Davis noticed in Hollywood and as you watch them, you are aware of witnessing the birth of a famous career. His unconventional beauty and charisma on the screen (no one moved or dismissed as Mrs. Davis) caught his attention from his first appearance. While his is definitely the memorable performance in the film, Leslie Howard is also excellent as the sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. However, they are a good combination, why, oh, why did not he help her with that terrible and terrible accent?
