After 21 films and three years of working in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got a role that she claimed as her own and that put her as a force to be reckoned with. Like Mildred Rogers, Davis burst in with a completely unfriendly role of a slutty waitress who becomes the target of Leslie Howard's affections, and who was already eager to sink her teeth into a role like this, had no qualms about terrible things that his character meant throughout the course of the film and the terrible transformation he will undergo. It has also been widely noted that his performance here, one of the few things that makes this film look a little irregular, has been the one he remembered even after two remakes and the scenes in which he breaks into Howard have made history in cinema. <Br /> <br /> At 85 minutes, the story progresses at a good pace and tells the story of Philip Carey (Howard) when his life crosses that of the destructive Mildred Rogers again and again. <br /> <br /> The chemistry of Howard and Davis is almost non-existent: Davis argued in an interview much later in life that he personally did not care much about Howard's coldness towards her and that helped her act even worse ( in character) towards him as Mildred. Anyway, the two seem awkward to each other; their scenes together remain rigid, only rescued by the ferocious acidity that Davis brings to his lines and his own nervous presence. On the other hand, the direction of Cromwell has a certain inclination on itself that sometimes is not achieved: it tries to fill some space (when Davis is not there) with dissolutions and montages that indicate the passage of time (a calendar superimposed on a change). Frances Dee). All much in the style of then. This was before technicalities and complicated camera angles arose, and in essence, visual history is a simplified and essential translation of the Somerset Maugham novel, which says a lot, since in 600 pages, "Of Human Bondage" has been really difficult to film even then. <br /> <br /> Storywise, feels that Philip Carey can be a kind of glutton for punishment, since there is no perceptible sexual attraction between him and Mildred and that, furthermore, Mildred never conceals his displeasure from the beginning. Howard's performance never seems to go through much external emotion: his eyes are constantly sad, his expression never deviates too much from the lost (he could almost be a distant cousin of William Hurt in "The Accidental Tourist" - dejected, wounded, and absolutely passive), but this is possibly a part of his character and the reason why he does not see that other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) are becoming vulnerable to unrequited affections. Interestingly, Johnson's Norah, once she realizes that Carey will never fall in love with her, summarizes the story with her observation that people are linked to other people: she is linked to Carey, since Carey is linked to Mildred, and Mildred. It is linked to Miller (or men who fulfill the role of provider). In her brief but memorable scene, she is the one with the essence of the moral of the story.
