I thought this would be a sequel to the original "36th Chamber of Shaolin," but in reality it is more a joyful "sister" to the original. Gordon Liu continues to star as a possible hero in a quest to learn kung fu to defeat those annoying Manchus ... but this time he is lighter and more comical. The film centers around the local dye factory, where salaries are reduced due to the hiring of 10 new Manchurian chiefs. Liu plays "Chao," who is able to trick the mill leaders into thinking he is a Shaolin monk who possesses an almost magical kung fu ability. But his luck is over, he is exposed to fraud and promises mill workers that he will go to the Shaolin monastery to learn kung fu and will return to protect them. <br /> <br /> Comedy really starts. in the monastery where Chao makes several failed attempts to be accepted. This creates a lot of really fun moments and a great fight choreography. Continuing with the tradition of "Chamber 36", we see all kinds of methods of training in the monastery, clean and interesting (and, above all, extraordinary), as well as creative uses of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Also unique and remarkable. It is the mixture of kung fu and the art of building bamboo scaffolding. Chao is not accepted as a student in Shaolin, but is made to build bamboo scaffolding for the "10-year restoration" of the monastery. In the DVD that I bought there is a special about the bamboo scaffolding and the inspiration that the director Lau Kar-Leung drew from it. This is a ship of many hundreds (perhaps thousands) of years, and in Hong Kong the scaffolds are still made of bamboo even in large skyscrapers, although the West uses only steel pipes and clamps. As a result of his scaffolding work, Chao develops a special style of kung fu ... when asked what kind he is, he replies hilariously "kung fu scaffolding !!" that first test during a powder with the abbot of the monastery. In the final confrontation with the Manchus, there is a dazzling variety of creative uses for bamboo poles and bows. <br /> <br /> From a comedy perspective, I think it's one of the best in the kung fu genre. As a kung fu movie in general, it also stands out ... I recommend it to anyone!
