The thirties. The elegant and elegant Adele (beautifully rendered with a dignified resolution by Debbie Reynolds) and the crazy and disheveled Helen (the magnificent Shelley Winters is going crazy with her usual histrionic style) are the mothers of two murderers. They leave behind their past sailors in the Midwest and move to Hollywood to start their own dance school for aspiring young stars. Adele starts dating the handsome millionaire Lincoln Palmer (the always good Dennis Weaver). On the other hand, religious fanatic Helen soon sinks into despair and madness. <br /> <br /> Director Curtis ("Night Tide", "Ruby") Harrington, working from a script written by Henry Farrell (who wrote the book) "What Happened to Baby Jane ? ", Based and co-wrote the screenplay of" Hush ... Hush, Sweet Charlotte "), adept a work of complex and convincing psychological suspense on guilt, fear, repression and religious fervor that runs dangerously. crazy. The super cast has a ball with its colorful roles: Michael MacLiammoir as a pompous elocution teacher, Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist of fire and severe sulfur, Yvette Vickers as a cunning, domineering mother of a scathing infant star, Logan Ramsey as a snooping detective, and Timothy Carey as a spooky bum. An elaborate talent recital with Pamelyn Ferdin (the voice of Lucy in the "Peanuts" TV cartoon specials) who acts as master of ceremonies and original "Friday the 13th", the victim Robbi Morgan makes a perverse and malicious impression of Mae West that qualifies as definitive. enhancement. The spooky score of David Raskin, a fantastic scene with Reynolds playing an incredible tango in an elegant restaurant, the flavorful atmosphere of the Depression era, the beautiful cinematography of Lucien Ballard and, especially, the surprising and macabre ending, are equally excellent and effective. MGM presents this fabulous jewel in an ingenious double-sided DVD with "Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?;" Both images are presented in clear panoramic screen transfers along with their theatrical advances.
