I had seen (and recorded) this a few years ago on local television and, as I had not been impressed, then I erased the tape; however, when it was released by MGM as part of a dual-function DVD "Midnite Movie" from Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters movies at a very affordable price, I could not resist giving it a second impression.) Actually, I received the DVD a few months ago, but only now, with the death of Harrington, I made it; fortunately, this time I was more receptive to the film and, in fact, now I consider it one of the most satisfying. HOW MUCH HAPPENED WITH BABY JANE? (1962) imitations (with whom, by the way, the screenwriter Henry Farrell shared). <br /> <br /> The film offers a splendid evocation of the Depression America of the 1930s - with its infantile star madness and sensational murders (exploited during the fake opening of the newscast); It is done with style (congratulations to the cinematography of Lucien Ballard and the scenery of Eugene Lourie) and has an effective score by David Raksin. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir offer excellent performances; The latter is especially impressive as the diction coach larger than life and vaguely sinister (although ultimately proves to be a mere false clue!). Also included are Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead (his is just a cameo, actually, since the interpreting evangelist is heard on the radio). <br /> <br /> Many seemed to regret the inclusion of children's musical numbers (including a fun imitation of Mae West), but they did not personally bother me; The film makes a little more of its welcome due to an unhurried pace and (perhaps unnecessarily) a complicated plot. Reynolds, a musical star, is ideally chosen as the owner of the dance school and, despite their rivalry on set, she and Winters work well together. The latter, in fact, gives a more balanced representation of paranoia and madness than in WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); The narrative, then, presents a series of ironic twists that lead to the expected outcome of the Grand Guignol type. Apparently, the film was toned down (it originally contained more gore and even a suggestion of lesbianism!) By producer Martin Ransohoff, against Harrington's wishes, to get a PG rating ...
