Well, here is another excellent example of the awkward movie of the 70s! The rudimentary premise of "What's wrong with Helen?" It is quite shocking and disturbing, but it is presented in such an elegant and sophisticated way. In the hands of any other film crew, this would certainly have turned into an unpleasant and harsh exploitation tale, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush? Hush? "Sweet Charlotte") in charge, became a beautiful and almost charming mix of themes and genres. The basic plot of the film is definitely horrendous, but there is much more to experience, such as love stories, an atmosphere of the 30s and a lot of singing and tapping dance. The scenario is, without a doubt, what makes this film so unique. We literally catapulted to the 1930s, with a sublime representation of music, religion, theatrical businesses and the cabinets of that era. After the long and exhausting trial that sentenced their children to life imprisonment for murder, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) fled to California and tried to start a new life running a dance school for talented young people. Particularly, Adelle adapts perfectly to the new environment, as she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor Helen continues to sink into a downward spiral of madness and paranoia. She only listens to the ramblings of a radio-evangelist, fears being punished for the crimes her son committed, and slowly develops violent tendencies. The script, although not entirely flawless, is well written and the film has the right rhythm. There is never a dull moment in "What's wrong with Helen", although the sequences of singing, storytelling and tango are quite widespread and have nothing to do with the real plot. But the atmosphere is continually ominous and the film definitely benefits from the excellent performance of Shelley Winters. She is downright scary as the unpredictable and introverted lady who is about to take a second and, especially during the last ten minutes, looks more petrified than all the Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers combined! There are several great supporting characters who, unfortunately, are underdeveloped and robbed of their potential, such as Michéal MacLiammóir as the teacher of cocky eloquence, Agnes Moorehead as the spooky priestess and Timothy Carey as the nosy visitor to the ladies' house. There are a couple of surprisingly gruesome scenes and moments of genuine shock for fans of Grand Guignol, but in particular the pieces and costume designs (even Oscar-nominated!) Are impressive.
