The strangest of the film subgenres is the so-called "The great ladies of the Grand Guiñol": horror films of the field that combined exaggerated melodrama with Gothic emotions and always starring actress seasoned and almost forgotten from the golden age of Hollywood. in the unflattering roles of the long-suffering victims or the evil harpies. This genre provided them with an unusual showcase that allowed them to show their stuff on the screen once again and win new generations of fans at the expense of their glamorous images of yesterday. <br /> <br /> "What's wrong with Helen?" the last drop of this subgenre with impressive performances by both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as mothers with problems of two convicted criminals fleeing their past to sunny California in the 1930s to open a talent school to eliminate the anxious mothers who want their daughters to be the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie gets happiness, clients, tango, tap dance and a new love interest (meanwhile, Shelley goes crazy with horrible flashbacks, threatening anonymous calls, threatening strangers, threatens Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist, small rabbits and Adorable (!) and an unfortunate encounter with an electric fan (alas!). <br /> <br /> The sloppy script (written by Henry Farrell, the man who started all this genre with "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane" along with director Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis are full of plot holes, false leads and wasted opportunities that could have made this film great: the underlying themes of twisted motherhood (with Debbie and Shelley's characters) as "failed mothers" and the dominant mothers of infant stars) and the obsessive female union (the relationship between Debbie and Shelley and the fact that the few is male of this movie are sinister or sordid, even Dennis Weaver Dream Boat Texan) are wasted. The musicals of Debbie Reynolds are interspersed and the dance dances, although it is fun to watch him take too much time on the screen of what is supposedly a psychological chiller. But still this movie is very entertaining. The two stars and the elegant leadership of Curtis Harrington easily overcome their shortcomings. The recreation of the movie of the 1930s is colorful and elegant (look at Debbie's clothes!) Made with a very tight budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is genuinely spooky with a shocking end that will haunt you for days. And you would not easily forget that silly song "Goody, goody" that runs through the movie. And seeing Shelley Winters, increasingly angry, ruining every one of Debbie Reynolds' chances of being happy is great news! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
