Despite loving Rita Hayworth, finding the latest intriguing sequences of the film and being able to appreciate some of the more subtle "symbolic" aspects of filmmaking, The Lady from Shanghai did not work for me. I had a problem with most of the performances, the script and the overall structure. And in a film that is mostly people who talk to each other in different situations, that's a problem. The Lady of Shanghai ended with a very low "C", or a 7, for me. <br /> <br /> The Lady of Shanghai is really all about the character of Orson Welles, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park on a carriage ride and hits her. Later, he saves her from a robbery and she gives him a shine. O'Hara is a sailor from Ireland and the globetrotter, Elsa owns a yacht with her husband, Arthur (Everett Sloane), a very famous and powerful California defense lawyer. They ask O'Hara to work for them, despite their initial reservations, it seems to him and the public that Elsa is just looking for someone to have an affair with, and O'Hara does not want to get involved. . <br /> <br /> Shortly after going to work on his yacht, a strange man, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), who says he is Arthur's partner, appears in a port of call and begins to create problems. Finally, Grisby asks O'Hara to enter into a very dubious and dangerous scheme. Foolishly, O'Hara agrees. Naturally, they put him in a lot of problems and, finally, several mysteries are revealed. <br /> <br /> Perhaps my problems with the film lie in the fact that, so far, I am not exactly a big fan of Orson Welles, and here, he produces, writes, directs and consumes most of of screen time. I have not seen anywhere near most of Welles' work yet, but I have tended to like his later films more, when he became a bit more cheesy and artistic. I love F for Fake (Vérités et mensonges, 1974) for example, and I even like his performance at Casino Royale (1967), when he strangely insisted that he be allowed to do magic tricks at a baccarat table, but Citizen Kane ( 1941) never did much for me, despite giving 3 or 4 opportunities over the years (even about a year ago, my rating was 7, the same as my current score for The Lady from Shanghai). <br /> <br /> Welles' performance and the dialogue he has written for himself seem to me affected and pretentious. He is a little smith, a bit silly and a little monotonous. It tends to sound like it is reading. His performance reminded me of what I've seen of Welles's version of Mobes Dick (which appears in IMDb as 1999, but "completed" in 1971, can also be seen in Orson Welles: The One-Man Band (1995)), where he seems to be simply reading the camera and believing that it is intrinsically, sublimely dramatic. I'm also someone who almost never complains about the accents, but somehow Welles makes his Irish accent look affected and pretentious for me too. <br /> <br /> As for the other performances, I can only say that I thought Hayworth did an excellent job. Of course it's beautiful, which does not hurt. Lots of candy for the eyes here. Like Welles, Sloane also seemed a bit affected and pretentious: he never bought his character, his disability and so on, and Anders is simply weird where the strange does not seem to fit. Welles often shoots him in the foreground and Anders almost always has a maniacal over-exaggerated expression on his sweaty face. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the lady from Shanghai is very unequal. The first 50 minutes or so are extremely soft and soap opera, although the ministrations of telenovelas tend to be approached from a tortuous oblique. Once Grisby presents his scheme, things improve a bit, and mostly improve as we near the end. But by the time The Lady from Shanghai turns into a crime / mystery movie, it's already too late, and it quickly becomes a courtroom drama in the face of the sudden and exciting ending that comes almost out of nowhere and ends too fast for his relative. excellence. <br /> <br /> The ending is more action-oriented, less dialogical, more varied and exotic in environments and, at times, quite abstract. Welles handles that combination of material skillfully as a director. If The Lady of Shanghai had been largely a combination of crime / mystery and artistic end, it could easily have been at least a 9. The final scenes are easily 10s, since Welles moves from a scene of Hitchcock suspense in a The Chinese opera house from San Francisco to another thriller scene at a Chinese amusement park. The funhouse climax uses a cinematography that was experimental for its time. It is well integrated with the script, since it allows a complex resolution and feeds a lot of symbolism. <br /> <br /> The cinematography in everything is interesting, even if in general it can not compensate the problems in the foreground. Welles blocks the scenes with skill. There are a lot of scenes filmed in an attractive way, from Central Park to Acapulco and several locations in San Francisco. Welles effectively creates symbolic backgrounds for his action, from the prominent heights and precipitous drops of Acapulco to the labyrinthine Caribbean streets, the beautifully framed and trimmed shots of the San Francisco aquarium, and so on. The romance material, for which the Aquarium serves as a background, is interesting to temper with a kind of discomfort throughout the film, but on the other hand, that makes romance never function as a romance. <br /> <br /> Surely Welles serious fans will appreciate The Lady from Shanghai much more than I do, and of course it's worth seeing if you love Rita Hayworth. The Lady from Shanghai is not exactly a terrible movie, in my opinion, but it is dangerously close to not "happening". Proceed with caution.
