Carefully interspersed between THE STRANGER, a small black film that showed that Welles can do a formidable genre work in the budget and time and that, ironically, proved his greatest blockbuster in the forties, and MACBETH, a Shakespeare's adaptation without a budget, shot in the old west. In 23 days, THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI comes, a dark black film woven from the same fabric of Wellesian myths that covers THE MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, MR. ARKADIN and any other film that the director could not save from the clutches of the studio heads. <br /> <br /> Six years after THE MALTESE FALCON, with the post-war madness of the film in full swing, Welles Always ahead of his time, a true visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity, imagined a labyrinthine world of shadows that is already darker, more sinister, paranoid and meandering than anything that his contemporaries were doing at that moment. No wonder that the film was so misunderstood at the time, to the point that a full hour of images were left forever on the floor of the cutting room, and it was once again Europe that defended it as another classic of Welles. <br /> <br /> They emphasize certain pieces. The aquarium scene with its blinking light and sinister shadows, and of course the final Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors, which is a classic piece of Wellesian bravery like any in CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL. The only flaws I find in the film are the bad Irish accent of Welles and maybe some of the erratic editions in the first act. However, the story unfolds in a progressively fascinating way, that the cuts only serve to intensify. I think the heavily cut versions of Shanghai and Amberson achieve a surreal quality. <br /> <br /> Welles would go into exile in Europe for ten years and return in 1958 to deliver another stone classic, the monumental TOUCH OF MALA, perhaps the jewel in the crown of the black film that was already in his last days. Shanghai was not box office success: a star vehicle for Hollywood's premier star of the era, Rita Hayworth, should have been, and Welles' marriage to Hayworth ended before the film was released. Sixty years later and one hour less of images, Shanghai is still one of the best black film images you are likely to discover. Surely that must count for something.
