The Lady From Shanghai is rare even by the standards of its eminent director, Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood movie was for many the moon. It is a kind of postmodern film noir that was made during the period in which the most conventional films of this type were quite popular, and it is a lucky Irish sailor who plays a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who was married to Welles at that time), and her crippled, and probably impotent, husband played with a perverse and malevolent taste of Everett Sloan. He follows a long journey by sea, with Welles on his back as a bodyguard, and the plot becomes complicated when Sloan's law partner (Glenn Anders) appears and begins to cause problems by giving strange speeches about suicide and other morbid themes suggesting that the man is on the edge. of the mental crisis. A murder plot follows, and all sorts of calamities follow Welles and his employers, and at this point the story, confused and told at a leisurely pace so far, goes further, and the last part of the film consists of brilliant The direction sets that seem to have been released to give the film some of the momentum and urgency that its story does not possess, by itself, and the result is a very visible and often pleasant disaster at all times incomprehensible. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know what Welles was trying to do with this movie, other than maybe resurrecting his career in Hollywood by making a vehicle for his wife. But self-destruction intervenes, as often happens with Welles, and Miss Hayworth has never seemed less attractive. The fact that she is also chosen as a fatal woman seems peculiar, since apart from her beauty, her most attractive feature as screen personality was kindness, a quality that she does not possess in this image. The director himself is strangely unattractive and sympathetic to O'Hara, the (presumably) tolerant sailor, since Welles, for all his many gifts, was not known as an easy man to work with. This is a paper in which, twenty or thirty years later, Sean Connery or Robert Shaw could have given life. Welles does not do it. The most interesting performance in the film is that of Glenn Anders as Grisby, the crazy and traitor of Sloan's law. Anders does wonders with the part, and is photographed to look strange, while his scenes end up with strange and sour notes, and are often edited irregularly; but, in spite of all this, it makes Grisby's disorder palpable and disturbing, and anticipates, in an elegant way, the most extravagant actors of the fifties, such as Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> There is a question that annoys. About this movie: what was Welles trying to say? He was a very talented and intelligent man, and tended to make statements in his films, which, regardless of whether they agreed with his worldview or not, presented themselves brilliantly. I think I have an answer, or a partial: Welles was summarizing his film career. He had reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. The Lady of Shangai is not exactly one of the moguls of the study of the time, but I suspect that it is, in her portrait of amoral lawyers, rivals of great shot (read: producers) that express the opinion of Welles about the agents of power. from Hollywood. That he presents himself as an uprooted sailor is revealing. Welles himself was certainly an inveterate traveler, and he rarely lived in one place for long. He was hired by a studio to provide him with a large and prestigious film (Citizen Kane), which sparked a storm of controversy from which he never fully recovered. This may be the problem that he does not dare to pronounce his name in this film, that is, the personal failure of Welles not to overcome the impact of his novelty in the film colony and his inability to deliver the goods, as promised. The mere fact that he appeared in Hollywood, as his mere presence in the film, could not prevent disasters beyond his control. The fact that he appeared in the film as a stranger, naive and external, demonstrates a lack of self-knowledge on the part of Welles. He was a player much more internal than he let on, and I imagine that he despised his knowledge of the most mundane aspects of life, and himself for knowing so much.
