In New York City, sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) rescues Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from an assault and rape while taking a horse and a carriage through Central Park, and lives to regret it. Hayworth, with black hair, is a blonde on this stage; as dazzling as the newly fallen snow, but by no means so pure ... <br /> <br /> Revealing more of the complicated plot in this semirremolent "noir" would be criminal. It is as deceptive as the mirrors used for the cataclysmic effect in the final scenes, but the film keeps much darker secrets: from the NY Times: "Shadows of childhood: The hidden story of the murder of the black dahlia" by Mary Pacios "Mary Pacios, 15-year-old Bette Short, made friends with her, retraced her steps and interviewed friends and associates, and offered a detailed, if speculative, analysis of Orson Welles, especially in relation to his film. The lady from Shanghai. "According to Ms. Pacios, the film, along with the related archive materials, has many of the same ritual elements associated with the murder of Short, she raises the question: Could Welles have been the murderer? Interesting theories, and with the avalanche of books that now come out on "The Black Dahlia", much more can come to light.The brutal "film noir" by Fritz Lang, "The Big Heat" (1953), was a Roman narrative of the esinato of "Dahlia" in "The City of Nets" that was LA, but it is the work of Orson that says "Dahlia" had a "practical" connection with. Actually, it was Bugsy Siegel (and the Hollywood mafia wars of the 1940s) that "Dahlia" did in ... but that does not negate much of what Pacios wrote. Almost all of Hollywood came across Elizabeth ("The Black Dahlia") Short and her story / aura / legacy / curse is encoded in a series of Golden Age films. <br /> <br /> The "Black Dahlia" It was always active The peripheral edges of "Shanghai", even before it started filming. Barbara Payton in Franchot Tone: "It was when I was thinking of doing" The Lady From Shanghai ", before losing the option to Orson Welles, Franchot said he had been in a bad state with that deal when he met the Dahlia. Formosa * in front of the Goldwyn studios ... "* The floor over Café Formosa was the office of Bugsy Siegel and" La Dalia "one of theirs again working" girls ". <br /> <br /> It gets darker and darker. After the 1951 fight over Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone, Franchot sent him to the hospital with a concussion and "never speak the same way," said Barbara, she married Tone "just to upset Neal." . "Tom (" Detour ") Neal also knew" The Dahlia "(who did not?) And became obsessed with John Gilmore's" LA Desesperación ":" The murder in January 1947 of the beautiful young actress Elizabeth Short. Known as "The Black Dahlia", it was one of the most grisly murders in the annals of modern crime. A project called "Who Killed the Black Dahlia?" It was started by the actor Tom Neal, a hell of the Second World War. films. Potential Producer Gene Harris: "Someone will have to invent a more imaginative business proposal than what Tom Neal and his colleagues have presented ..." Not long after: "It would be very clear on a beautiful day to come." When Tom was cuddling with his beautiful new wife from Palm Springs as she leaned back on her couch and fired a .45 bullet in the head. " Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) met the "Dahlia" and their stories are well known. It seems that all those who crossed the path of the "Dalia" (like the proverbial black cat) entered a "Twilight Zone" "darkness and / or had an incredible run of bad luck later." Tone / Neal / Welles are just a few few, and this includes a movie called "The Lady From Shanghai" ... <br /> <br /> "Lady From Shanghai" took two years to be released, thanks to the extensive re-edition - and all because the president of Columbia, Harry Cohn, could not understand the story, it's dark "noir" to be sure, one of the darkest, in fact, it's also a perverse satire about life in the new Atomic Age. <br /> <br / > Nicolas Christopher: <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" promotes an insistent subtext of nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive declaration of noir referring to The Atomic Bomb and the American city, the main victim of the murder of the film (and many), a psychotic and double-dealing lawyer, manically provides Armageddon to each country or, stating that you can "feel it". He announces that he plans to escape to a remote island in the Pacific, a particularly acidic joke on Welles' part, since it was the year in which EE. UU He began to test atomic bombs in a place like this, the Bikini Atoll, relocating all the inhabitants and destroying the ecosystem. At the time of Bikini, Hayworth's erotic identification with the bomb seems to have been institutionalized, with the blessing of the military servicemen; the first bomb dropped on the Pacific test field is called "Gilda" and has the image of Hayworth, dressed provocatively, painted directly on its casing ... "<br /> <br /> It's ironic that the wide Orson Welles' interpretation of a Many consider Irish to be a detriment to the film.Welles is giving a clue to viewers that "Michael O'Hara" is only the storyteller, who is not part of the story despite that it revolves around him. "O'Hara" contradicts the shark Motive throughout the film.Sharks in a feeding frenzy will not stop until there is nothing left. "Michael O'Hara" lives to tell the tale. "Elsa Bannister "causes a feeding frenzy during the trial of" O'Hara "and his rounded box suggests that he is caged so as not to devour human spectators to a Roman Coleseum.The spectators are in their own frenzy, gossiping and continue talking about "Elsa", a huma aquarium not that it correlates with the sequence of the San Francisco marine museum. That's the human condition ... except for "Michael O'Hara." And yet, he b E spend his life trying to forget his past ("Elsa"), or die trying. "Elsa" is part of "Michael" and the story eats its own tail at the end and warns the viewer to stay out of trouble.
