These are excerpts from a nine-page note "Memo to Mr. Cohn by Mr. Welles," written after Orson had seen the edited version of the studio mogul Harry Cohn's photo (it took an hour): <br / > <br /> "... The music of the preview title was written by a first-rate composer, George Antheil, although it was not written for our photo, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and threat combined with something exuberant and romantic that made it acceptable ... The only musical idea that seems to have happened to this current composer (Heinz Roemheld) is quite tired of using a popular song, the "theme", in as many arrangements as possible. long we have musical references for "Please Do not Kiss Me" for almost all the bridges and also for a lot of background material.The melody is nice, it can work very well in the Hit Parade, but Lady from Shanghai is not a musical comedy Mr. Roemhel d is a fiery devotee of an old-fashioned punctuation type that is now mentioned in our businesses. It's like "Disney." In other words, if someone falls, he makes a "fall" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc. If the laboratory had marked the initials and phone numbers above the negative, I could not be more unhappy with the results ... Just before going abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, the editor) to make a cut that would involve eliminating the near accident with the taxi and also a bit of dialogue. I am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut ... saving the much needed recordings in the slow opening sequence (this was not done, explaining the main weaknesses of the film's opening reel) ... There is nothing in the made of Rita's diving to guarantee a great orchestral crescendo ... What matters is the beauty of Rita ... the evil nuances suggested by Grigsby's character and Michael's bewilderment. Any or all of these elements could have inspired music. Instead, immersion is treated as if it were an important climax or some long-ago moment in a Silly Symphony: a previous leap from Pluto the Pup or a wild leap into Donald Duck's space ... There is no sound atmosphere in boat. A little wind and water is very much missed. It does not make sense to photograph a scene in a real boat if it makes it sound like everything happens in front of a process screen ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... in the temporary score, we use a very curious one, a sexy strain Latin American ... This has been replaced by a "dramatic" italic sequel: poor quality material ... This kind of music destroys that strange quality, which is exactly what could have saved Lady from Shanghai being just another whodunit. .. There is a big musical outburst after the Grigsby line, "I want you to kill him". This is absurd ... The Hawaiian guitar music that comes out of the radio ... was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain satirical point. As it is now, it is at almost the same level as the rest of the score. Nobody in the audience could suspect that we are joking ... The aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please Do not Kiss Me" is again! ... A bad work of dubbing and bad punctuation has destroyed the character of Michael on the dock. From the shot to the phone call, a careful pattern of voices was built with the expenditure of much time and effort. For some reason, all this has been discarded in favor of a vague hullabaloo. As a result, the whole sequence seems boring ... The audience should feel at this point, along with Michael, that they may be going crazy. The new dubbing job can only make them feel like they are going to sleep ... The battle of arms with the broken mirrors should not be backed up with music ... The closing music again makes reference to "Please Do not Kiss Me "... This ending is obvious to the point of vulgarity and does untold damage at the end of the image." <br /> <br /> All of these Orson editions were ignored
