While watching one of Orson Welles' last contributions to Hollywood as a filmmaker, I knew he was watching a great movie, although sometimes he did not know why. The story in The Lady from Shanghai has the main elements of a film-noir: half-Joe lead, femme fatale, conspicuous supporting characters and a structure of understandable plot, although somewhat complicated. It's an entertaining journey, and it's filled to the brim with Welles' unique gifts as a director, but there are scenes that tend not to work, or do not feel complete in what Welles's full vision was (the latter is unfortunately). Too true, executive producer Harry Cohn and the Columbia executives are to blame for that). <br /> <br /> Welles co-stars with his then-wife, the deeply beautiful Rita Hayworth, as Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker Who can and gets angry with the right people. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), who is accompanied by a friend Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in his eyes). ). They want to go sailing on their yacht and take O'Hara along the promenade, and at first he is reluctant, but he agrees, since he is falling in love with the married lady. As her journey unfolds, O'Hara discovers that Bannister and Grisby are not nice to be around, and even more so with Grisby, who at first seems to be out of his pumpkin. However, as the plot unfolds, O'Hara becomes embroiled in a scam that Grisby is planning to obtain insurance money, with results that I dare not disclose (although they have been discussed over and over again by others) . <br /> <br /> Whatever liabilities appear here and there in the mysterious part of the story (and in those few notable moments in which the shots were dictated by the studio), the performances and appearance of The movie is still amazing after more than fifty-five years. Although the fantastic Greg Tolland (PD of Kane) is not at his side, the reliable Charles Lawton Jr. helps Welles create an elegant and austere atmosphere, covered in shadows, deep focus, low angles, works. A particular achievement is the mirror scene of the house of fun, which is simply a highlight among others. Welles himself is always reliable as an actor, even if his accent is nothing special, and Hayworth makes a scene a little more exuberant, despite his trajectory in history. <br /> <br /> It's worth taking a look at the lady from Shanghai, especially for lovers of Welles, Hayworth or the film noir (fans of the Coen brothers can also find this fascinating). It may take a little longer, repeat the visualizations (as it was for Touch of Evil), so that the underlying motives in the plot sink.
