Located in Japan, Ashura is the story of the demons that take over the earth. The premise is much more complicated, but the arched plot should not be forgotten. Japan is in turmoil, with demons occupying human forms roaming the lands. In general, demons look and act like humans, but they are bad. The Japanese word they use is not just demons, but the classic form of 'ogre', which is a mythological creature of a certain historical stature. We are talking about creatures that look more like gods than simple ugly monsters that eat children. <br /> <br /> However, in human form all that remains are green eyes and green teeth, which appear when put under any type of stress. To save the world from the Demons there are Demon-Slayers. Trained and skilled warriors who can detect and defeat most demons, and guard the passage between the realm of hell and the real world. These are the basic premises. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in a local city. In the middle of these festivities, 3 men enter, dressed in black, apparently with the intention of doing harm. The villagers run, except those who are demonic in nature, who turn green eyes and try to kill them. The Demon-Slayers end up killing most of the demons. From here the story becomes interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when, at the door of hell, a demon of divination appears before the 3 guardians of the door, revealing the arrival of Ashura. With this, comes the end of the reign of man, and the reign of demons begins. However, Ashura requires some kind of birth process, whose first step occurred during the initial battle, but which will not be revealed until you see the film. The 3 demon killers are a wise old man, a powerful but unprincipled man, and a skilled and compassionate warrior. Immediately you can see the division between them, the old man who wants to stop the demons, the powerful one who wants to bend them to his growing egoic egoic desire and the third seeks to stop the second. On the way, he meets a woman with whom he begins to take a whim and thinks he has a special relationship with him. She in turn is a bandit who is of good character, wanted by the authorities. When the two finally meet face to face, he places his hand on her shoulder, and suddenly, she is irritated by a mark on his shoulder. Needless to say, the brand is not a good sign. What follows is a battle for the land, a battle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good itself. <br /> <br /> The point of this film for me became something different from what I believe. I thought I would. I arrived thinking it would be an action-style movie with demons, or a horror movie with evil and evil creatures like those that would be seen in Ringu and Ju-on. However, I was wrong in the best possible way. The story that I found is an adaptation of a very old Japanese work, and develops as such, combining the adrenaline scenes essentially driven with a great concept, an incredible narrative and a style that forces you to think rather. They just sit and wallow in blood. Many scenes are painted with luxurious dialogues between two characters that will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It becomes a practically theatrical experience that leaves you breathless. <br /> <br /> The film makes use of an immaculate landscape and a camera work comparable to many of the great Samurai films of our time, but adding to this a thought well thought out. And the classic plot. With a great performance, great music and completely amazing scenes, it is something that you should see in my book. <br /> <br /> That said, you need the disclaimer that it is not for everyone. It is not cheap terror, horror, they are not balls for the action of the wall. It is a horror style work that has been filmed. He has a lot to say and he takes the time to do it, flying against those of a conventional line. Like Japanese works, exchanges between characters can last many minutes before joining for a fast but wonderful battle scene. If you can enjoy such a thing, this is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is a slasher movie with a small plot and excessive nudity, then you can see something else easily. <br /> <br /> In general, this film for me is unique and surprising, that keeps you captivated. and fun. He has good writing, good acting and good direction. Everything is a great movie.
