I must admit that I am a little surprised and disappointed by some of the very negative comments that this film seems to provoke. I think it's a great horror / science fiction movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic space flight to Saturn. While in space contracted some strange and unknown disease. He wakes up in a hospital bed, looks in a mirror and before his own eyes his face is melting! Escaping from the supervision of hospitals, it hides in some local forests that surround a small town. Unfortunately, it begins to develop a rapidly growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people. You must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Stalking human prey begins his reign of terror! It depends on his old friend Dr. Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try to help him. He has to work alone, since his boss, General Perry (Myron Healey), wants him to remain ultra-quiet. Nelson can not even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) becomes suspicious when General Perry appears just as some of the local villagers begin to appear half-eaten. I really do not understand why this film receives such negative criticism, what do people expect? Anyway, I really like this movie. The star of the film is, without a doubt, the special make-up of Rick Bakers and the gore effects that for the most part are excellent, and the fact that all its prosthetic effects and the horrible crap of CGI makes them even better. Screenwriter and director William Sachs is also not afraid to use them, we have some good long shots of the amazing melted man and they are very good, even now. Photography, music and direction are a bit boring, but professional enough. The script manages to create some sympathy for the monster, taking pictures of him looking nostalgically at the house of Ted Nelsons, or when he sees his own reflection in some water and reacts violently. The end, set in a large factory of some kind, is quite slow, so do not expect any happy ending. What surprised me Also, the script really does not do anything with the premise, it just walks melting and killing, with your friend trying to stop it, maybe a little too simple. Personally, I think the worst of the movie is near the beginning, when the fat nurse runs down the corridor of a hospital in slow motion, her screams are also represented in slow motion, it seems and sounds totally ridiculous! You need to see it to believe it! I really like this movie and I recommend it to horror / science fiction fans of the 70s and 80s. A bit of one of my favorites.
