First of all, anyone looking for a meaningful "results-oriented" cinema that contains some kind of social message with meaningful presentations and a soul-searching dialogue delivered by dedicated, emotional and sincere people, please, leave now. You're wasting your time and life is short, go see the new Brangelina Jolie movie, cry, buy a hybrid car or throw away your conflict diamonds if that makes you feel better and leave us alone. <br /> <br /> Do not let the door hit you when you leave either. INCREDIBLE THE FUSSIBLE MAN is an epic shot of regional horror, grade B minus on the vacant lots of Oklahoma by a young and friendly cast and television crew, and refers to an astronaut who is exposed to strange radiation effects, He wakes up in a hospital and finds that his body is liquefying as he sits there feeling like a fool. The cast man is played by a certain Alex Rebar, who is recognizable during the first four minutes of the film. But once it begins to ooze with Rick Baker's extraordinary special effects makeup, it looks more like something you can find in a spam can before draining all the viscous, viscous drops of fat. <br /> <br /> The movie has zero. Exhibition and does not approach the points of the plot: there are a couple of scenes involving scientists traveling on an absurd industrial conveyor that properly recite some obligatory lines on the effects of radiation, but the film does not care, actually. It's a weird and wonderful show, with a decidedly sick sense of humor for those who can handle it. A big laugh comes when the man who melts meets a girl in the forest and does not know what to do. make one of your eyes jump. Hilarious. <br /> <br /> The "hero" of the film is played by Burr DeBenning, a fascinating actor in the golden television scene of the 70s and 80s who was a kind of model for Kevin Spacey's prototype; Slightly twisted, neurotic, and one step ahead of most of those in the room, even if he seems confused. It appeared right after this movie was made in a strange piece of horror for television anthology called THE HOUSE OF THE DEAD (or THE ALIEN ZONE) which is considered one of the best movies made in Oklahoma, where I suspect it was this movie. Also the arid and cold rural landscapes of the Midwest are certainly the same, and the creek that an unfortunate fly fisherman chooses for his sporting afternoon seems to be the same one that Cameron Mitchell fought against the alien pancakes flying IN NO WARNING ... who also had a bad sense of humor, a friendly cast for television and a bit of outrageous gore. Definitely, I feel at least an aesthetic connection between the three films, as well as THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, which is not surprising considering that the director Jonathan Demme is part of the cast of MELTING MAN. <br /> <br /> Essentially, as others have pointed out, this is a plot from the 1950s B movie updated for the special effects of the 1970s era and the inevitable tits. The movie he most likely borrows from is PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to the effects of the funky radiation that sparked him in a wave of murders. One of the things that I really admire about the film is that it does not take into account at all the motivations of the melting man: it just goes wild and the drama of the movie is to ask itself if it is going to fall apart before certain characters are victims of his madness The budget for the movie is also deliciously low and every penny spent on it is on the screen, the disgusting effects of Rick Baker get most of what was spent on this. <br /> <br /> Sick, most unpleasant and fun I enjoyed a multitude of friends and a lot of beer. Why can not people make more movies like these? <br /> <br /> 8/10
