I have always liked this comedy as one of the few people who try to deal seriously with the annual tax demand of the Government of the United States. Have you ever read a tax code ?: It is a test that follows the multiple clauses that our congressmen and senators press to help their financial sponsors and various interest groups. Despite claims that it is fair, the tax code has always imposed most of the burden on the middle and working classes instead of the rich and influential. Most of the various special clauses are intended for use: review the average form of 1040 or 1040A and note the variety of different investments and commercial companies, all of which have a different set of rules. Most people will never have any use for these. <br /> <br /> The story here is that a wealthy landowner (Philip Ober) uses his influence to inform the IRS that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkle) have not paid taxes in 20 years. The IRS office in Baltimore is under Fred Clarke, and he is paying attention to Ober for his influence. Send Tony Randall to review the situation. <br /> <br /> Randall finds that Douglas, Merkle and their three girls and two boys are pretty decent people, who rarely need cash (they get along well on their farm Produce and trade with their neighbors). But Randall, trained in the clear lines (to the IRS) of the tax code, tries to determine the foundations of the family. But gradually, Douglas notices that Reynolds is very fond of Randall, and he keeps diverting Randall from his homework, and eventually makes him drunk. It also makes it difficult for Randall to leave because his two sons take off his car's engine "for repairs." <br /> <br /> The plot follows the growing attraction and friction between the urban, the ambitious and ambitious Randall, and Campo, Reynolds lovers of life. They make a lovely couple really. Finally, after Ober complains, Randall is sent back in disgrace and Clarke (a harder cookie) gets down to work. And it comes with a very large tax bill, possibly ruining Douglas' family. <br /> <br /> The movie does not end there; it ends happily, but it reminds us that the power to impose taxes is the power to destroy, and that the government too often goes to destruction. One chance in a million reversals saves the family, but it's so weird that we know it's just a dramatic trick. More realistic is how Clarke's boss, (Charles Lane) cuts to the essence with respect to Ober's "help" by suggesting that next year his taxes will be seen more carefully. After that, Ober is pretty green.
