Until the 1990s, there had never been a movie based on Jane Austen's "Emma". Then two appeared in the same year, 1996. Or, if we count the "Clueless" of 1995, which updates the plot of Austen to a modern American high school, three in two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from a wealthy family in Regency England. From a financial point of view, she is considerably better than most of Austen's heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and has no need to find a rich husband. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends. She convinces her friend Harriet to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should be staring at the ambitious cleric Mr. Elton. However, this plan goes disastrously bad, since Elton has no interest in Harriet, but has fallen in love with Emma. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes one wonder why she was so interested in relating her friend to a man she considers (rightly) as a marriage partner unsuitable for her. Being a conspiracy of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be a more committed spinster than she seems, and she is also in love, leading to more complications. <br /> <br /> Today in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996, despite being only a year younger, she was not as internationally known as Gwyneth Paltrow. However, it is as convincing as the well-intentioned but often malicious heroine of Austen. Beckinsale seems to have a knack for classic roles (she made a lovely hero in Kenneth Branagh's version of "Much Ado about Nothing") and sometimes I find myself wishing that Hollywood has found more suitable roles for her instead of wasting her on turkeys like " Pearl Harbor "or" Underworld ". <br /> <br /> I preferred Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong, since Emma's love interested Mr. Knightley, largely because he came closer to my own conception of the character as a gentlemanly and chivalrous man, in true more like a father. Imagine Emma as a lover. (His last name should probably indicate his gentlemanly nature.) Knights of the nineteenth century liked to think that they were the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate chivalry codes). Strong tends to downplay the age difference (he is 37 years old, she is 21) and makes Knightley a more passionate lover and a less wise mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who would continue with bigger things) may be closer to Harriet of the novel than Toni Collette. <br /> <br /> This was the smaller version of the two versions, made for television instead of cinema, and the sets and costumes seem less luxurious and there are less big names among the actors. Costume drama, however, is generally something that British television does well, and this version can certainly be sustained with the film version; Both are entertaining and well-made versions of Austen's novel. 7/10
