Many critics have been offended that R.W. Fassbinder has portrayed both the protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in this film in a human way. Connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films, however, will realize that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "women's films" such as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). ). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told much better with women than with men" because, according to Fassbinder, while men generally fulfill their determined roles in society, "women are able to think in a way dialectics". The dialectic, however, means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis, as usually happens in our black and white world, but a synthesis in which oppositions coincide. In addition, dialectic means that due to the third instance of the synthesis, the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis is suppressed. Specifically: from a dialectal point of view and portraying the fascist state, the clandestine combatants must necessarily use the basic means as the rulers do, and between the criminals and the victims there is a cystic relationship, so that all the criminals they are also victims. Each victim is also a criminal. Fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme, which transcends classical logic, in his work "The city, garbage and death" (1975), which was filmed by Daniel Schmid with the title "The shadow of the angels" (1976). <br /> <br /> Therefore, in addressing a controversial issue a priori as Nazi Germany, in a dialectical way, the description of this moment in film form becomes even more controversial, especially for people who can not or do not want to see that our recognition of the world by far is not exhausted by a scheme of primitive light change, but it needs the third instance of synthesis as the controlling instance of the thesis and antithesis of its opposite members. The mutual relationship between criminals and victims must be analyzed, since it is simply not true that the criminals are the bad and the victims the good ones. In a synthetic point of view, the bad participate in goodness, while the good participate in the evil. They are mutually related. In a world view based on classical logic, a relationship between good and evil can not even be established, and in an ethic based on this system of insufficient logic, the bad conscience of the survivors of Nazi Germany, feeling (what sufficiently illogically) responsible for the facts of their ancestors, exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and, therefore, a synthesis in the form of a new evaluation based on this relationship as well. From the dialectical point of view of Fassbinder, it follows that neither Lili Marleen nor Lola nor Maria Braun can be condemned for their "misuse" of the system of government for their private purposes, because they do not use them badly, they only use them. On the contrary, since the victims must repeat the actions of the criminals, while the criminals must repeat the actions of the victims, because "good" and "bad" are no longer mirror images of each other as in the logic of two values, their strategies They are legitimized by the cystic structure of a logic that describes our world, which is not black and white at all, much better than a logic in black and white.
