Tintin and I went on air recently as an episode of P.O.V. series. It is based on a recorded interview of Georges Remi a.k.a. Herge, the creator of Tintin, since 1971, in which he analyzes his diverse experiences by publishing his popular character, first in a Catholic newspaper, then in his own series of comics. Stunning panoramic views of several pages of comics and surreal images of Herge's dreams. I found Tintin for the first time in the pages of Children's Digest in the library of my local elementary school reading The Secrets of the Unicorn. Later, my mother received a subscription to a CD and I read all of Red Rackham's Treasure every month of 1978. I remember seeing some Tintin comics in a local bookstore after that, but for some reason I did not get any probably because I was 12 years old. And I thought I was overcoming them. I have Breaking Free, a book written and drawn by J. Daniels, published in 1989, six years after Herge's death. I have not read it yet. This film also covers the artist's personal life as when he left his first wife after his relationship with a colourist at his job (with whom he later married). Her name is Fanny and she is interviewed here. If you love Tintin and his creator, this movie is definitely worth seeing. Update: 9/4/07 - Now I've read Breaking Free. Tintin and the Captain are the only regular characters that appear here and are adapted to the anti-capitalist views of Mr. Daniels with Tintin portrayed as a needle agitator with a chip on his shoulder who, however, cares about the Captain with whom remains. The Captain here is just trying to make ends meet with a wife and daughter that he loves deeply. They and other construction workers promise to attack after a co-worker dies because of a defective equipment accident. All this takes place in England with the working-class cockney accents intact. It was not the kind of thing Herge would approve, but an interesting read, nonetheless. Oh, yes, the Snowy dog ​​only appears in the upper left corner of the cover (what has Tintin running over the police!) And the dedication page.
