It is rumored that around the time that ABBA? The star of the Swedish disco, winner of multiple awards, had reached its zenith, the band was disillusioned with singing in English and longed to act in their mother tongue. Soon after, the problems began to emerge in a closed hermetic association and the recordings became less frequent. The band dissolved, although not officially, in 1982 and pop lost one of its most famous artists. Although they have never admitted that there is any truth in these rumors, the fact is that ABBA would never have been so successful if they had only recorded in their mother tongue. If you want to appeal to the largest media market that generates money around the world, you must serve English-speaking audiences. <br /> <br /> It's amazing to me how such a small island that is a stone's throw away from the European continent could have created perhaps the most recognized, though not the most spoken, language in the world. Everyone speaks a little English; Whether it's just "hello" or a common word, you'll find an English speaker almost everywhere. Pedro Galindo obviously did not agree, because Trampa Infernal was never subtitled for global consumption until it was recently released on an economic DVD. It's a real shame, because it's actually a decent movie that is much better than many of your English-speaking compatriots. <br /> <br /> The film opens in the unfamiliar territory of a gun duel. Two unidentified characters are shown sneaking around a dilapidated complex looking for the inevitable final confrontation. After a bit of suspense and a couple of close failures, one of the gunmen emerges victorious. Next, we learn that they were only paintball guns and that the two competitors are actually youngsters from the local city. Nacho and Mauricio are the fiercest rivals and Mauricio is always trying to prove he is better than his soft-spoken opponent, but so far he has not succeeded. <br /> <br /> Later that night, while the victorious gunman celebrates his triumph with his girlfriend Alejandra and his friend Charly, Mauricio enters the bar and says he has one last challenge for his glorious nemesis. He says that this will be the competition that will show the people once and for all the people who deserve the greatest respect. At first, Nacho is reluctant because Alejandra warns him about the dangers of continuous competition, but finally succumbs to the weight of peer pressure and accepts; to the chagrin of his morally superior partner. <br /> <br /> They plan to go to the remote region of Filo de Caballo, because the recent coverage of the press has reported that many people have been killed by what the locals believe is a vicious bear. Mauricio proposes that whoever murders The animal can be considered as the oldest and also promises that it will be the last battle it will free against its adversary. <br /> <br /> After visiting the arsenal to stock up on weapons and ignore it. In the warnings of the old shopkeeper, the group went to the remote isolated forest. Hunters are hunted when they learn that the 'bear' is actually a Vietnam homicide veteran who does not yet know that the war is over and considers all humans his enemy. What began as a competitive adventure suddenly becomes a battle for survival, as they are harassed and killed by the evil assassin. <br /> <br /> I picked up Trap while studying in Madrid with a Mexican student who lived in the bedroom. -At my door. I remember that the copy I saw was defective and the tape ended about 10 minutes before the final credits came out, which means I could never see the final scenes. Fortunately, I found the budget DVD recently on Amazon and added it immediately to my collection. <br /> <br /> The Gallindo slasher is a surprisingly good effort that stands out from its skillful direction and enthusiastic plot, which tries to cover areas that slasher films do not usually approach. In fact, it's so good that it reminded me more than once of Arnold Schwarzenegger's classic Predator. This is especially evident in scenes that show the masked killer chillingly running through the forest and stalking the panicked company as they struggle to escape the manic playground. the coachman even wears a glove with claw fingers (Freddy Kruegar); Trap also tries to add something different to the standard template. While most of the execution time plays according to the specific rules of the category, the third final announces a significant step in individuality, since the maniac is armed with a machine gun and takes the hero to his lair for the final showdown. From here, the film quickly exchanges genres and becomes almost an action movie that, according to your taste, will excite or disappoint you. The last slasher that tried to cross the two styles was that entry of '80 Majorettes', which is not necessarily good. <br /> <br /> As it is the case of many Latin movies (especially Spanish films of Almodovar and Amenabar), Trap has a subtle moral current in its history, which is transmitted successfully without being rammed by the throat of the spectator. Commit to the temptations of competitive masculinity and may not always be the winner. It is a point covered in sugar, but handled with sufficient delicacy so as not to detract from the fun of the characteristic. <br /> <br /> Trap can be cheesy, but it deserves to be seen and recognized as one of the best final killers. . The killer looks great with a spooky army mask and a white mask in the style of Valentine, and attempts at originality almost on the job. It may be missing the gore that most fans of sincere horror enjoy, but it has enough in terms of suspense and creativity to guarantee at least one visit.
