Filmed by MGM on the same stages as the English version, but in German, the second Garbo representation of "Anna Christie" benefited from the practice and its apparent ease with the German dialogue. Garbo seems more relaxed and natural under the direction of Jacques Feyder than under Clarence Brown, and his gestures of silent films have disappeared, which made his transition to sound complete. The strength he brought to the character remains here, although it has softened, and Garbo reveals more of Anna's vulnerability. The entire cast, with the exception of Garbo, is different from the previous version of the film, and Garbo benefits from not having to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole all the scenes she was in during the English version. In Feyder's film, Garbo has the center of attention at all times, although the three support players, particularly the father, gave excellent performances. <br /> <br /> Feyder's address was safer than Clarence Brown's, and his use of camera and editing techniques did not seem as limited by the new sound process as Brown's. The film moves more fluently than the English language adaptation, and the static nature of the first film has been replaced with a flow that maintains the interest of the viewer. Even the cinematography of William Daniel seems to improve his filming of the Brown version. He captured with style the luminescence of Garbo and the atmosphere of the docks. In addition, the adaptation of the script for the European public made Anna's profession clear from the start, and the explicit testimony makes it clear to viewers that they were not familiar with the work as to what was only implied in Brown's film. However, the film was made before the Production Code was introduced, which made the censorship disconcerting. <br /> <br /> Garbo's Oscar nomination for "Anna Christie" was always somewhat disconcerting, and I suspected that the nod was more in recognition of his relatively smooth transition to sound films than his performance. However, some of the Academy's voters could have seen the German version of the film, and they realized, as did contemporary viewers, that their "Anna Christie" under Feyder's direction was definitely Oscar-worthy. .
