After Garbo's introduction to Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie" sound, Jacques Feyder made a German version of the film where all the actors, except Garbo, were different. While the American version is still more available in the US. UU And most American viewers have seen this version primarily, Germna's "Anna Christie" is more likely to be seen in Europe. As I have seen both films, I feel the right to compare the two very united productions. Is the film by Jacques Feyder different? Is it better than Clarence Brown's? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to focus first on what both films have in common. They have identical sets, very similar scripts and the same scenes presented chronologically. Here you will also find the story of the young woman who returns to her father after years of absence and is trying to start a new life. Here, it also has the humorous sequence, albeit a little shorter, in the amusement park. However, by emphasizing Garbo herself, I approach the first difference. She does not seem to be so curious as she talks. The spectator concentrates more on his performance than on the way he talks, which probably happened with the spectators of 1931. Garbo was very good at American cinema and she is also very good here. However, for me, she seems even more genuine in the German version. It is remarkable that Garbo does not focus on the way he says the words (the effort that was artificially created by the feeling: GARAL TALKS!). His German is not very pronounced; However, nobody cares: everything is perfectly understood. Therefore, I can easily say the same thing that I did in my comment on the American version: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film differs on a very important theme: the rest of the cast. Here comes the question: which portrait seems more captivating, which one is better for sure? The differences are full of varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's lifelong friend, does not do as good a job as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. She is not bad, is different, sometimes exaggerated (from today's perspective) but is no longer so genuine in the role of Marie Dressler that still entertains us and whose moments have withstood the test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film and that opinion, although it seems questionable, of course, has some truth. Theo Shall is more sympathetic as Matt than Charles Bickford, but when applied, it's not so much about performance as appearances. <br /> <br /> Who shines in the German "Anna Christie", which deserves the attention that deserves Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs. Hans Junkermann is like a difference from day to night. Junkermann portrays a true alcohol addict, a man with hopes, with fears, who exceeds in the care of his daughter. The scene of Anna's first encounter with her father is truly magnificent, the opening moment of Chris's conversation with Marthy is memorable, particularly thanks to her facial expressions and impeccable performance. Junkermann is the Chris you like, who you laugh with, who you like, who leaves in your mind the image of a quiet alcoholic sailor. Cool! <br /> <br /> If you have seen the American "Anna Christie" and have the opportunity to get the German version, I would recommend this film because it is a slightly different aspect of the story, a beautiful and accurate image. A way to compare, an excellent enrichment of Clarence Brown's film and, above all, a wonderful opportunity to discover a marvel of performance: Hans Junkermann's. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
