Fragile meat, just before its great epoch. Although it sometimes goes hesitantly and is clouded by longueurs, the HOTEL DU NORD is full of the faded charm and beauty typical of French films of the late 1930s, as well as an unusual relative lightness with this director. All its great virtues are here: tight interiors break when sliding, complex and delicious camera movements; A melancholic display of lights and shadows. Notable and melancholy sets of Alexander Trauner, which are so evocative that, as the title suggests, they acquire a personality of their own; the silent and sad music of Maurice Jaubert; a seemingly casual plot about romance, tragedy and fatalism that throws a rope over its characters; Extraordinary performances by some of the best players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. <br /> <br /> In fact, the biggest failure of the film, and I am surprised (as someone who, in general, didactically, minimizes His importance) admit it, is his script. He has a lot of wit and wit, but without Carne's regular collaborator, Jacques Prevert, who brought his best films, he can not help but fall for the cliché (even if it's just a cliché in retrospect). <br /> <br /> Apparently set in the boarding house, the film establishes its initial idea of ​​community with two interconnected stories of condemned love and emotional, metaphysical and real isolation. The scene of condemned love is the one that works the least. Annabella is very beautiful, but she is not very good at making tragic, while Aumont's callosity, however brilliant, can be, by its very nature, a true romance. Maybe it's just me, but I find it difficult to sympathize with a couple, so young, so attractive, that, after a few months, they are so tormented by the desperation that they have to shoot each other. Their high-flying lines are also quite embarrassing. Of course, this issue does not pretend to be plausible: they are a symbol of youth, hope and the possibility of being crushed in France, or perhaps France itself, desperate, resigned, waiting for death. For symbols to be truly powerful, they must convince at a narrative level, which, I believe, is not enough here. <br /> <br /> What saves this plot is its connection with the story of M. Edmond, a character linked to the great tradition of the French mafiosi. Although we only learn it gradually, it is a murderer who hides, lives on the prostitute who plays Arletty and has doubled in his accomplices. In his previous "role", and the theatricality of his position is crucial, he had a set of traits; in his hiding place he has assumed the opposite. By living a life without goals, he is deeply affected by the lovers' pact and becomes fatalistic, realizing the madness of trying to deceive death. <br /> <br /> In this way: the admission that one is less a person than a collection of signs, and that death is an inevitable reality to which the most powerful masculinity must succumb: Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melville's clinical killers. With one exception, he gives himself briefly to hope, a deception that only reinforces, if it is not too irrational a irony, his fatal resolution. <br /> <br /> All this could have been trivial if it were not for Louis Jouvet's really amazing performance. I had studied his theatrical work at the university, but this was my first taste of his film talents, and he reveals himself as worthy of the greats - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving a quiet nobility to a paper that is more a conception (he, of course, is also allegorical) than a real person. Edmond begins the film as a supporting supporting character, but emerges as a tragic hero of some strength. Like all those main actors, Jouvet's brilliance lies in what he conceals. <br /> <br /> On a formal level, what is surprising is the understanding of Carne, ten years before its blossoming, of the techniques of Sirk's great Hollywood melodramas. Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli. Although his theatricality lacks the fluidity and beauty of Sierck's contemporary German melodramas (check out the masterpieces ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carne's style really fits with his theme: entrapment, paralysis, resignation . <br /> <br /> The main reason for the movie is the water: the credits float and dissolve, the hotel is next to a waterway, but instead of the open river of possibilities of Renoir, we have a canal , stagnant and made by man, that is not going anywhere. The movie begins as it ends, and the settings never change, except for a brief interval from which both escapees are condemned to return. The characters can only escape through death: their entrapment is accentuated by the narrow rooms they occupy, the walls and frames that keep them captive, the windows that lead to an escape they can never reach. Any hope at the end, therefore, is deeply engaged, albeit in a romantic way.
