Perhaps the most popular achievement of the master director Ching Siu Tung is this series, A Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. Chinese Ghost Story stars Leslie Cheung in a distant past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend one night during his "collecting trip" in a mysterious castle in which some strange old warriors fight and meet him . The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the ghost that lives in that castle and is under the dominion of a powerful demon, a wooden demon that collects human souls for herself with the help of her beautiful ghosts. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and although ghosts can not live with humans, they decide to break that rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not what the wood demon thinks and our protagonists have to fight for their lives and their happiness. <br /> <br /> This movie is no less full of magic than other Ching Siu Tung movies. His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, which have incredible images and kinetic power in their action scenes. The ghost story is full of bright lightning bolts and a dark atmosphere, which is illuminated by the strong presence of the beautiful and well-groomed ghost. The effects are simply stunning and would work with their greater power on the big screen. The camera moves and rotates all the time and adds to the fairy-tale atmosphere that this film has. There are also a lot of Wire'fu tricks, and although some think they are and seem free or stupid when used in movies, I can not agree and I think they give the movies the kind of magic, freedom and creativity that any other tool could not give. . When people fly in these movies, it means that movies are not just about our world, and they generally represent things larger than life with the power of this art form bigger than life. <br /> <br /> The story about power Love is quite poignant and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are shallow and act inexplicably occasionally. Leslie and Joey should have been written with more care and their characters should be even warmer, deeper and genuine to give the story more power and thus make the film an even more remarkable and important achievement. In addition, the message about love and power is underlined too much at one point and should have been left alone in the mind of the beholder to be interpreted and found. Another negative point about the dialogue is that it is too much and people talk about this movie without a reason. That is very irritating and, unfortunately, it shows the flaws that many writers tend to make when they write their films. People simply talk and talk, and everything is there to make everything as easy to understand as possible, so the film is not as challenging or credible, as it has this free element. Just think about the films of the Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitano; His films have very little dialogue and everything there is is all that is necessary, since he tells his stuff with other tools of the cinema and never speaks, or makes other characters speak too much in his films. This is the talent that writers must have to write larger scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, Chinese Ghost Story is very beautiful and visually stunning part of the Eastern cinema, and also the song that is played in The movie is very beautiful and I hope you have won some prize in the Hong Kong film awards back then. I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the aforementioned flaws, this would undoubtedly be an almost perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
