I just saw this great kindly parody of Night of the Living Dead, and I must say that it was so horrible and so corny that it was excellent. This film incorporated all the pranks and landscapes that the original had, including the cemetery, the supposed abandoned house, the basement and the front garden. What I like most about this film is the comic use of bread and all the common enemies of the home in which bread has a grudge. Come on, we know that toasters, toasters and zip locks have made bread a dozen times and now we must ask for your help to defeat the reanimated bread. Aside from cheap acting and voice-overs, this horror short film is my favorite parody of Night of the Living Dead, even better than 1990's Night of the Living Dead. <br /> <br /> I think what it does The film that is worth seeing is how the writers and directors used all the dialogues of the original film and revolved around the bread, including how the bread was revived and avoid the leftovers because they are especially dangerous. Another big reason why I love this movie is that there is no exception in that the bread is bad, the bagels are bad and even the communions are bad, which is shown in a hilarious scene involving a news anchor and a rather monotonous priest. I think the actors are especially funny when they interpret the action of being attacked viscous by the slices of bread (ie, the car scene). I think it's really worthwhile to stay with the end. <br /> <br /> Although this is a short and that "Dawn of the Dawn of the Bride of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of Terror of The Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D "is debatably another great parody, still recommended as a great parody of horror made by, what seems to be, university filmmakers. I recommend this movie to anyone who is able to make fun of Night of the Living Dead and still have respect for the filmmakers. I would also recommend this movie to anyone who loves D-movies and horror parodies, it's just a wonderful little horror movie that is fun to watch and learn.
