Joan Fontaine here is completely convincing as an amoral beauty that is completely incapable of feeling love for anyone other than herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all his money for a combination of his temerity and his extravagance, and they are reduced to living in a small room, with little or no possibility. They continue to put on the most incredible clothes and go out to socialize as if nothing were wrong. He is a charming guy, irresponsible, but totally friendly. However, Fontaine decides that he has to leave, as it has ceased to be useful. So she decides to poison him when he realizes that he does not want to divorce her, so she can move on. Meanwhile, she has had a lover (Patric Knowles) whom she decides to leave because he is not rich either. Meet the elder Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all the trimmings and more money than even Fontaine could figure out how to spend. She points it out and decides that she will do it well. He is very anxious to be devoured by the young beauty. It's certainly not very exciting and has as much sex appeal as yesterday's tortilla. But Fontaine is one of those girls who only has eyes for money, and the man between her is transparent, so she does not even realize what she looks like, looks through it and sees what she really wants. and goes for it. She proceeds to poison her husband, and dispatches him very well and satisfactorily, so that everything goes well. But as always happens in movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things start to go wrong, and the tension increases appreciably, so Fontaine starts to sweat. Fontaine is particularly good at looking evil and terrified, and when the network begins to approach her, her growing sense of despair is palpable and has us on the edge of our seats. Hysteria and fear take over cold calculation and cunning. But she finds a man fallen for his crime in the person of his helpless lover, who is an innocent victim of his plan to put it together. He is sentenced to death for murder, because the death by poison of the husband came to light unexpectedly. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, who plays a severely determined Scottish court inspector, thinks there may be something wrong, and begins to doubt the story and suspect Fontaine. He approaches her, and some of the scenes as this happens are inspired by portraits of the wildest panic. But will the innocent man's life be saved before he is executed? Will Fontaine escape from this? Will Herbert Marshall protect her from falling in love? This film is directed by experts by Sam Wood, and it is a really excellent thriller that I suppose qualifies very well for the description of a film of superior cinema.
