'Umi wa miteita' ('The sea is watching') was the song of Akira Kurasawa in the film: his adaptation of the story of his favorite novelist Shugoro Yamamoto in a script that he intended to film was his last mark that he left in a brilliant career . Director Kei Kumai pays tribute to both Kurosawa and Yamamoto by presenting this amazing transformation from word to image. <br /> <br /> Located in the 19th century in Japan, the story explores the lives of women in a geisha house whose sole purpose in life is to make money by pleasing men. The house is run by an older couple who are gentle and the geishas are a lovely group of women who know their craft and take pride in their careers. Each one has a reason to return to the life of the geishas. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports his family that lives in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has both good and bad clients that he manages to keep with his stories of his superior caste. Oshin befriends a samurai in danger of extinction, falls in love with the kind man, only to discover that he should not marry outside his caste and leaves his pleasures with Oshin to marry his promised fiance. Oshin's heart is easily wounded, but Kikuno and the other geishas support him emotionally and physically / monetarily. <br /> <br /> A handsome samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops the first dependable and devoted relationship with her. Kikuno is beset by problems, decides if he accepts the humble love of an old man who wants to marry her and faces a rich but abusive client. Meanwhile, the sea is watching and while a typhoon destroys the house and street of geishas, ​​Oshin and Kikuno sit on top of the roof waiting for the rescue promised by Ryosuke. The way the story ends is of sacrifice, love and devotion. The sea is watching and you will find protection for true love. <br /> <br /> The photography of Kazuo Okuhara is amazingly beautiful: the night scenes with bright lanterns and the interiors of colored geishas combine with recurring glimpses of the sea, both calm and turbulent. . The acting is a little tense for the art of Edo, but the characters are well created and keep the story believable. The only distraction that is definitely NOT something that Kurosawa would have condoned is the sticky Western music that sounds like a cheap soap opera stuffing, except for the isolated moments when real Japanese music on authentic instruments adorns the track. But in the end, there is enough influence from Kurosawa to imbue this film with his mark of dreamlike wonder that will always maintain its importance in world cinema. Harp grady
