Ahh, yes, the blockbuster success. Take a regular concept, fill it in a script and load it with all the special effects that the Wizards of Hollyweird can conjure, then gather the usual suspects: hotheads, diners, has-beens, wanna-be's and never-wuzzes, and we paste them in ensemble roles of various sizes against the relentless eye of the cameras. And I hope some of them are not too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Let the Box Office bishops apply the concept to horror films at last, as was the case with the post-exorcist thriller EL SENTINEL. The novelist Jeffrey Konvitz decided to test the scenario of Ira Levin's BABY of ROSEMARY'S BABY for spooky (and ultimately satanic) neighbors in a red-stone house in New York. The result was a controversial sales success that some claimed to refer to plagiarism and an equally controversial and star-studded vehicle and co-written and directed by Michael Winner of DEATH WISH, but for many disturbingly different reasons. <Br /> <br /> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays the successful model Alison Parker, who is very stressed and overworked (I will not add "overpaid." I mean she IS a model, so it would be redundant), not only because of its 24/7 schedule, but also because of its insistent, 'wanna-marry-now' boyfriend, Michael (Chris Sarandon of DOG DAY AFTERNOON and the classic LIPSTICK movie of SOB.IG). One of the ways in which he decides to try to get away from everything is to move to his own place; a big, beautiful brownstone house in Manhattan that you can get very cheap, (that should have been the GREAT red flag - cheap real estate in New York!), the mysterious runner Miss Logan (veteran of the Age screen Dorada Ava Gardner, fresh out of storm drainage in EARTHQUAKE.) <br /> <br /> Things seem fine at first, but ah, yes ... then come the noises and loud knocks of the apartment above at night. And what about the REALLY strange neighbors like Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (a very early Beverly D'Angelo), the friendly "single friends" (read: lesbians) who live together, and the kind and elderly Mr. Charles Chazen (a sympathetically spooky) Burgess Meredith), who seems to be a little worried about Alison's well-being? And that's not to mention other cohabitants of squirrels varied (never again will hear the phrase "Black and white cat, black and white cake" without wanting to laugh milk through the nose and possibly vomit simultaneously). Especially the old blind priest who lives in The penthouse ... <br /> <br /> Things really start to go downhill when a nightmare loaded with Alison's apparitions transforms into a dreadful murder, (in one of the scares most fearsome of the movie), and both Alison and Michael, with a little help from Alison's best friend, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), begins to put together the puzzle that reveals the dark origins of the red-stone house, as well as the murderous agenda of its otherworldly inhabitants, not to mention Alison's connection to them, which turns out to have nothing to do with coincidence. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing controversial about the cast that is too full, it seems to present all actors of different genres looking for work at that time (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Martin¡Balsam, Eli Wallach, John Carradine, and even the first appearances of Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) The winner and the company returned to the grandiloquent principles and released a "Tod Browning" ... recruiting real actors with physical disabilities to appear in the sequence Climate of SENTINEL Everything and everyone goes to hell, which I suppose any director could do, and can not access Linda Blair or a box of pea soup. It definitely leaves you with arctic fingers touching your spinal cord like a zither, knowing this little juicy piece of information as you look. And it presents a technique to which filmmakers have recently begun to return: live makeup on set and special effects that do not involve CGI, (which at that time was practically nonexistent). <br /> <br /> THE SENTINEL has that kitsch cheese factor, from the late seventies, but manages to distinguish itself from time to time with some panting moments like the one mentioned above, not to mention the feeling of fear that terror writers find easy. To play, isolation and things that hit and collide at night. After all, what living person, single, in the big city has not lain in bed in the dark, and has listened attentively to the sounds of what HOPE is "building construction?" <br /> <br /> Konvitz followed THE SENTINEL with an inevitable sequel, THE GUARDIAN (not to be confused with the namesake of the supernatural thriller William Friedkin), who never adapted to the screen. = sigh of relief =
