This happens to be one of my favorite horror movies. It is a rich and classy production that has an excellent cast of ensemble actors, a beautiful cinematography in place, a disturbing musical score, a theme of intelligent and novel plot and an atmosphere of terror and threat. It is reminiscent of classic films such as ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, in which young and vulnerable women are victims of supernatural forces in ancient and spooky buildings with a macabre past. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays one of the best fashion models in New York City called Alison Parker. His happy and extroverted exterior masks a soul deeply conflicted and worried. This is evidenced by the revelation that in her past, she tried to commit suicide twice, once as a teenager, after walking with her degenerate father, making drinks in bed with two women and causing her to tear a silver crucifix from her neck and throw it away. down. , and the second time, after the wife of his lawyer-boyfriend got married, he allegedly committed suicide upon learning of his adventure. By telling her boyfriend (played by an appropriately sloppy CHRIS SARANDON) that she needs to live on her own for about a year, she responds to an ad in the newspaper of a spacious fully furnished one-bedroom apartment in an old stone house in Brooklyn Heights . This building actually exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace, just off the Brooklyn Heights Promenade, next to Remsen Street. The producers actually filmed inside the building and its apartments, paying the residents for their inconveniences, of course. The real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), seems to be very interested in having Alison keep the apartment, an interest that can not be explained solely by the 6% commission she would earn. Especially when she quickly lowers the rental price from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees and when she leaves the building with Miss Logan, she realizes that an older man is sitting and apparently looks at her from the window on the top floor. Miss Logan identifies the man before her as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he is blind. Alison's response is very logical: "Blind? So, what do you look?" After moving in, Alison meets some of the other residents in the building, including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who give Alison an uneasy welcome to the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon begin to deteriorate and she is plagued by splitting headaches and fainting spells. When she relays her concerns to Miss Logan about her sleep being disturbed every night by loud metallic noises and footsteps coming from the apartment directly above her, she is stunned to learn that, apart from the blind priest and now herself, nobody has lived. In that building for the last three years. One night, gathering the courage to face her nightly tormentor, she arms herself with a butcher knife and a flashlight and enters the apartment above. She confronts the cancer-riddled specter of her dead father and uses the knife against him in self-defense when he pursues her. The police investigate and find no signs of violence in that apartment, no body, no blood, nothing. However, Alison fled the building and collapsed on the street, covered in blood, which resulted. But there is no mark on it. What Alison does not realize until the outcome of the film is that her presence in that stone house has a purpose. It was put there for a reason, a reason whose origin goes back to the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and the angel Uriel, who was placed in his entrance to protect him from the Devil. Unknowingly, she is prepared and prepared by the Catholic Church to assume a very important role: one that will ensure that her soul, condemned by her two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors, who turn out to be more than just weirdos, have a different agenda in mind for her. This is a competent and intelligently produced film that surprisingly portrays the Church and its representatives in a mostly sympathetic light.
