Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge-themed films, such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land," but he has the same talent as a hidden horror film director, as evidenced by "The Sentinel" of 1977. "The Sentinel ", which is based on a novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote the script, is an intelligent and immensely spooky religious chiller that no occult horror lover should consider disappearing. The film is obviously inspired by successful occult classics like "Rosemary's Baby", "The Exorcist" or "The Omen", but, as far as I'm concerned, it's also as disturbing as these most acclaimed movies, and probably even more spooky. <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young model from New York. Traumatized by the events in her past and still unwilling to marry her lawyer lawyer (Chris Sarandon), Allison is looking for an apartment and finds a large, incredibly nice, which is also affordable, in an old mansion in Brooklyn. The new apartment, however, comes with a group of other very strange tenants. And the new sinister neighbors soon become more than a little annoying for Alice ... Maybe this is not a proper synopsis of the plot, but I would not spoil any of the great moments of this movie, so I will not give more description Of the plot. What I will say, however, is that "The Sentinel" is a very spooky and effective film that benefits from a great cast, as well as an often strange and constantly strange atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers here certainly had its influence on the result. The film is photographed imaginatively, and the mysterious Brooklyn mansion is a fantastic setting for this type of movie. As mentioned earlier, the atmosphere is dark and spooky, and the movie also includes several moments of shock and genuine fear. The film has many sinister and eccentric characters, and the cast is excellent. The beautiful Christina Raines is great in her role as Allison Parker, kind and yet on the cusp of losing her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as his boyfriend, a successful lawyer, and the supporting cast includes many important names, including Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before being really famous. The cast also includes stars like Ava Gardner, horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and, my personal favorite, the great Eli Wallach as a cynical homicide detective. I've been a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, mainly for films like "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land". "The Sentinel" is another great movie in Winner's repertoire, and also the proof that man is not only a master of hard revenge cinema, but also of hidden atmospheric Horror. In general, "The Sentinel" is a spooky, intelligent and surprisingly strange occult cooler that is highly recommended to all Horror fans.
