['The film by director / writer Michael Winner is an unconventional supernatural horror film better than expected (although still well attended by Schlock), which really goes unnoticed. Of course he could take ideas from other similar horror films of this period, but still manages to bring his own psychological imprint to the smoke screen material (good versus bad) and a unique vision that has a fair share of impressively expansive, although something Set of exploiting pieces. In general, it is incomplete, however, it remains intriguing to inculcate a sinister charge without attacking gang members with fear. Actually, something is always happening between its busy frame, but it is minimized with its blows directed at the soapy patterns and the atmospheric confection, until its climax repulsive and spooky with a throbbing revelation. The craftsmanship of the winners may seem pedestrian, however, it is the cast that really holds it together ... while you try to detect the faces. There is a lot too. Some have more to do with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that each of them is engaged, despite the ridiculously crude nature of all this. It&#39;s interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles (which is pretty scary!), Beverly D&#39;Angelo (same), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (a cameo), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger in little parts. Then you have Chris Sarandon, modest manners, and Cristina Raines, who is moving, at the head. Offering support to Jose Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The script does not include many characters, but also notions, but incoherently deviates when trying to compress everything. However, the disorienting air works in your favor to establish suspicion and deception of what is really happening here. Is there any reason for all this and why does it surround the Raines character? The emphasis is mainly based on that bad mood angle, as it slowly begins to clear up your internal events and the strange / disturbing experience you encounter when you move into your new apartment. This is where Winner tries to remove the spooky tones, which project some frozen moments. Gil Melle was the man responsible for the great and overwhelming orchestral score that never loses sight and Richard C. Kratina interprets the wide-ranging photography.']
