This horror movie, based on the novel of the same name, has a defective production and a choppy and amateurish direction, but, nevertheless, it is strangely convincing. Unlike shocking horror films like The Exorcist, this film takes the viewer to a slow and relentless dive into a pool of evil. He dives into horror, which rises in the audience with the same slowness of dream as the poor girl who, unknowingly, has chosen to be the next sentinel. Your designated task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent evil from erupting in the world. This falls on her in atonement for her attempted suicide at an earlier stage of her life. <br /> <br /> The story is true to the book, which was fascinating, but the way it is edited can lose the viewer. There are subtleties in the plot that are shaved and never explained satisfactorily, what hurts this movie. That is a pity. The Sentinel is not a type of movie on the edge of your seat; It's more of a clock and it twists uncomfortably. Like a bad car accident, there is a compulsion to look even when it becomes unbearable. This movie is not all bad, and still has a capacity for commotion. <br /> <br /> The cast was competent. Christina Raines captivated Alison, the vulnerable girl under the spiritual attack of both sides, a pawn in the endless battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as her boyfriend, but finally egocentric. Eli Wallach and a young Christopher Walken are the detectives who are struggling to unravel the strange puzzle that has been delivered to them. Ava Gardner is elegant, since the real estate agent is unaware of the horrors that lurk in her rental property. The emaciated old man John Carradine, with his hands twisted by arthritis, is excellent as the moribund sentry that must be replaced. The devil is played to lovely perfection by Burgess Meredith; He is so sweet and so evil. There are future stars hidden in this movie: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach playing successfully against the type of television director. The souls condemned at the end are portrayed by fans and fans of the shows. Whoever thought of doing it was a twisted but brilliant genius. <br /> <br /> The horror that permeates the film sprouts unexpectedly, as when Alison opens a door and finds something that evokes a flashback when she found her father. With his two whores. She relives her first suicide attempt, confronts a pair of strangely dysfunctional lesbians, and sees a cat cut like a cake. Again and again, she goes from one side to the other through reality and fantasy, through the dreams and nightmares of wakefulness, while lacking the means to cope. In truth, the devil is trying to make her crazy enough to commit suicide before becoming the next sentinel. He will be successful ...? In short, slow movement but indescribably creepy, well acted but misdirected, and a horror movie very typical of the 70s before the real shockers were unleashed. (I did not mean to make any pun) This movie may not work for those with a short attention span, but it can still send shivers down the spine and can still provide a low-profile shock value. It remains a strangely convincing and entertaining dive into the realm of evil.
