The Sentinel is a film that he recommended to me years ago, my father, and I have seen it many times since then. He always manages to entertain me, at the same time that it is effectively creepy. The flashback scenes are what really made it for me. The father of Cristina Raines running around, with the creepy woman, always manages to send chills down my spine. It is typical of the good versus the bad, but at least it manages to be entertaining. The end I consider to be one of the best in the history of horror. He has a lot of commotion and suspense, seeing Burgess Meredith doing his thing like Chazen, had me on the edge of my seat. The Sentinel has the perfect accumulation of tension. We are never completely comfortable when Allison is on screen. We know that something terrible is always waiting for her, and that made things even more tense. This film is often forgotten among horror fans, but personally I think it is one of the best, and it certainly has enough for all horror fans to be satisfied. <br /> <br /> Performances. Cristina Raines has her wooden moments, but for the most part she arrived mostly. It's beautiful to watch, and his chemistry with Saranadon felt natural. Chris Sarandon is great as the boyfriend, Michael. He had an instant presence on the screen, and I could not help but love him. Martin Balsam, Joseph Ferrer, John Carradine, Ava Gardner, Arthur Kennedy, Sylvia Miles, Deborah Raffin, Jerry Orbach, Richard Dreyfuss, Jeff Goldblum and Tom Berenger all have memorable roles, or small cameos. Burgess Meredith is great as Chazen. He looks like a normal old man, but what we discovered is absolutely frightening. Eli Wallach and Christopher Wlaken do well, like clumsy detectives. Beverly D'Angelo has a chilling scene, which I will not ruin. <br /> <br /> In a few words. The Sentinel is an effective horror film that horror fans, unfortunately, tend to neglect. It will give you the emotion and fear you need to be satisfied. Well worth the look. <br /> <br /> 7/10
