I'm not sure why this little movie has been banished to the dark, because despite some pretty stupid events; The Sentinel is an intelligent and inventive horror film that offers most of today's praised ghost stories more than a race for your money. Michael Winner has admitted many times that he is not the best director of all time, and that is reflected on several occasions with this film; but it has to be said that the film works even though it is not inspired by the direction, and the fact that Winner has managed to reunite a simply amazing talent more than makes up for it. The plot is rich in mystery, and begins by focusing on Alison Parker and her search for an apartment. He finds that he can not pay most of the properties he sees, but he believes that his luck has changed when he finds a fully furnished apartment at an affordable price. His problems begin shortly after he moves, since he does not like his neighbors very much ... and this problem increases when the estate agent tells him that he only has one neighbor; an elderly blind priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The list of actors is really excellent, with the relatively unknown Cristina Raines leading a great cast of support. Chris Sarandon is a little shrewd in his role next to Raines, but small parts for characters like John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, to name but a handful more than make up for Sarandon's lifeless portrait. Michael Winner does a good job with its central location, as the block of flats offers a spooky and gruesome scenario for the story. The movie is a bit slow to start, but it's never boring; and the script by Michael Winner offers a surprise that is almost impossible to guess from the displacement, which certainly deserves some praise. Like many similar horrors that burn slowly, this does not apply to the money that was fired from the beginning, but unlike many, the ending is a definite climax, since Winner does everything possible to surprise the viewer, and if the rumor that he used real humans the oddities are true, I have to say that he does a very good job in that! In general, although this movie can be pure hokum as you can see; The Sentinel is one of the best movies of its kind, and it's definitely an important highlight for its director.
