Sigh?? Honestly, I wonder why all the acclaimed and supposedly profound film critics hold such resentment against director Michael Winner. Surely it is not the avatar of subtlety, since his films are almost always hard and face, but so what? They are incredibly entertaining. His most famous action films, like the first three entries in the "Death Wish" series, for example, are easy targets to shoot down because they supposedly glorify violence and the personal use of shotguns, but even when Winner acquires a much more mature cinema genders ?? like the religious horrors of "The Sentinel" for example? He has no chance with any of the critics. "The Sentinel" generated some controversy and infuriated several people with its release, when it was leaked that Michael Winner launched people with malformations and people with malformations to portray the creatures that tried to cross the gates between the hell and the earth. Almost the same controversy caused the masterpiece and milestone of Todd's Browning in the horror film "Freaks" to remain banned and unseen for more than thirty years! And because? Only because certain prudent and easily offended people, who should not see the film in the first place, claim that it is not ethical to do so. I guess Michael Winner or Todd Browning held these people at gunpoint or forced them to appear in his films, so what gives us the right to feel ashamed instead? Another important reason why critics did not give a warm welcome to "The Sentinel" is because the novel by Jeffrey Konvitz? And so Michael Winner's script? it is enormously derived from other contemporary horror stories, but much more successful, with religious themes and, therefore, according to the ruthless pens of horror critics, little more than pure plagiarism. It is true that "The Sentinel" borrows multiple substantial elements of "Rosemary's Baby", "The Omen" and "The Exorcist", but let's face it, 70s cinema thrives largely on stolen formulas and imitating success stories. If you ignore the unoriginal concept and, to be fair, a handful of totally confusing and unnecessary subgroups, "The Sentinel" honestly remains an exceptionally atmospheric and often downright petrifying element of terror with an impressive array of images and a nightmare image. It is not easy to forget. <br /> <br /> Alison Parker, a dazzling model with some unprocessed mental trauma, moves into a stunning brownstone apartment in Brooklyn, deeply against the will of her boyfriend Michael, who proposed to marry her several times Alison's physical existence and especially her mental condition change drastically soon after, and the sinister apartment seems to be the root of all misery. She meets eccentric neighbors and attends birthday parties for her cats, although the landlady says that she and a blind priest are the only tenants. He often faints during his work tasks and has really creepy visions of his bastard father and the night he tried to commit suicide. Little by little it becomes clear that Alison was chosen to fulfill a superior supernatural purpose within this apartment building, but at the same time the evil forces try to avoid it. It's really unfortunate how the promotional advertising phrases and even a brief synopsis on the back of the DVD immediately reveal that Alison's brown stone apartment is the door from earth to hell in itself and she is the one chosen to protect it, because the script of the film slowly develops into this shocking revelation. For almost 75 minutes (and along some sadly tedious and lengthy sequences), Michael Winner successfully maintains the impression that Alison's mind is playing tricks with her and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and the strange behavior of her fiancee They are strictly false. Multiple of the horrific scenes come close to being great, like Alison's flashback or her first contact with the priest above. The whole climax, with the controversial guest appearances mentioned above, is a literally disconcerting showcase of pure terror and easily one of the most unforgettable and scathing denouements I have witnessed. <br /> <br /> The cast that Michael Winner handled The compilation is deeply impressive, especially considering that "The Sentinel" is still a legitimate horror movie and this genre is not the most popular among the featured actors, but , of course, you also have to put the cast a bit in perspective. With such an extensive cast, obviously, some of the roles in the film are little more than a cameo. Martin Balsam and John Carradine, for example, only appear on the screen for a couple of minutes all together. Many others (such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) may add much fame to the film today, but when it was released, they were still too unknown to attract curious viewers. My personal selection for the best performances is Burgess Meredith as the strange neighbor and Eli Wallach as the satirical police inspector. The relatively unknown Cristina Raines does an admirable job with the film and Chris Sarandon backs it, although she has a ridiculous mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is a wonderfully entertaining and terrifying horror film, and definitely a must for fans of the TRUE genre.
