This is the first in a two-part story of the conflict between machines and humanity in the world of the Matrix and it develops dramatically by combining observations about man's fear of the unknown and of being usurped by politics, extensive religious and historical images, subverting. Expected representations of the parties involved and an at least partially credible and therefore frightening vision of our near future. it is not perfect and some points and images of the plot are both obvious and artificial, but they have the desired effect and impact and tell a visceral and warning story. <br /> <br /> This first part sets the scene: human societies have developed advanced and capable robots, mostly humanoids, to serve people who perform low-level jobs, unskilled labor, work, construction , etc. and, therefore, the population has become lazy and contemptuous towards them. A robot, however, rebels and kills its owner, declaring in his later trial that he simply did not want to die. He is destroyed, but when the destruction of the robot masses is ordered to protect humanity, many robots rise in protest, with many human sympathizers at his side. <br /> <br /> The images here are exploitative, relate riots and racial abuses, Square Tiananmen, the holocaust and an overly provocative scene of a robot disguised as a human girl are harassed, hit on the head and then killed shots when he pleads "I'm real". He is lying on the floor, clothes and skin torn and breasts hanging. It is an obvious and obscene image designed to present human fear towards uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on the actions of individuals. Anyway, this first part is very similar to a compressed version of the movie I Robot. but soon it becomes a recognizable background story of the Matrix as the contingent of surviving robots goes into exile and congregates in the Middle East, in the cradle of civilization, as the narrator informs us. there, the machines regroup and begin to produce new AIs and to manufacture mass technology and commercialize it with human nations. We see a commercial for a car that uses the floating-energy circular motors that rebels use in movies and we see sentinel-like robots flying around Zero One, the name of their city. their goods and trade cause their economy to explode, which negatively affects other economies, and governments and human authorities establish a blockade in response. The machines send ambassadors in the form of Adam and Eve, similar to a UN congress to negotiate a peaceful solution to the blockade, but they are eliminated by force and the scene is prepared for war in the second part. <br /> <br /> The animation is from Studio 4 ° C, which works in many animatrices and is evocative and visually stimulating, and shows different scenes such as montages of images, CCTV recordings and particular scenes of great importance, and in General presents the story to perfection. the plot may not be an original concept and may be based on simplistic sheep plot mentalities and models and resort to provocative material for impact, but after the tormenting mystery offered by the first film and the vague brief report by Morpheus, this is a good exposition of the cataclysmic events that left the world devastated and in the hands of machines that serve as a warning and as a vehicle for many observations and commentaries on the human condition, the development of artificial intelligence and the importance of harmony and cooperation and the devastating consequences of conflict and prejudice, themes expanded in the films.
