That was the first thing that came to mind when I saw the closing credits of Europe on the whole screen, never in my life had I seen a film of such technical genius, the images of Europe are so impressive that any movie I have seen . Look at your wake will only pale in comparison, forget about your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott's cinematography in Hollywood, Europe has a more ethereal beauty than anything that those two could evoke in a million years. Now he would be the first to tell Lars von Trier a genius right at the end of his films Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, but this is stupid, the fact that Europe has gone unnoticed by film experts for so long. It is a crime against cinema, while the overrated garbage like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life is Beautiful is cleaned up in the academy awards (but, what do you know?) Europe has been hidden, absent from video stores and (until recently) any British TV channels <br /> <br /> Images in Europe are not MTV brightness; It is not a case of style on the substance, it is more a case of style that dictates the substance. As in his first film The Element of Crime, von Trier uses the perspective of the main character to draw us into his world, and like Element, the film begins with the main character (or in the case of Europe, we, the public) being hypnotized. As we move along the tracks, the voice of the narrator (Max von Sydow) makes us sleep soundly, until we wake up in Europe. This allows von Trier and his three cinematographers to pay with the conventions of time and images, there are many scenes in Europe when a background character, who is in black and white, will interact with a person in the foreground who will be colored. von Trier is trying to show us how much precedence the color element or person has over the plot, for example, it is not surprising that the first shot of Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) is in color, since he is the only character. The actions of who have superiority over the film. <br /> <br /> The interpretations are good, they may not be on par with the later interpretations of von Trier's films, but that is because the images sometimes distract so much that the first time you do not get them . round. But I would like to point out the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the main role, whose blind idealism is slowly warned by the two opposite sides, until it explodes in the final act of the film. Again, as the element of crime, the film ends with our hero unable to wake up from his nightmarish state, left in this terrible place, with only the continuous narration of von Sydow to seal his destiny. Europe is a tremendous movie, and I can not help but think of the shame that von Trier has abandoned this way of filming, since he was clearly one of the most talented visual directors working at that time, Europe, like the rest of his cinematographic cannon. It is filled with a lot of iconic scenes. His dedication to composition and staging is unrivaled, not to mention his use of sound design and production. But since their low-cost melodramas turned out to be Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, then who can argue, but it seems like a waste of imaginative talent. 10/10
