The prison is often not mentioned during the conversations about the best horror films of the eighties, and there is a good reason for it because it is not one of the best ... but as you get into the classic movies that offered the decade, this is certainly Among the best lesser known / smallest films. The movie has some connection to the blockbuster hits; For starters, it's an early direction effort for Renny Harlin; the capable director behind a series of action movies such as Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea; and, secondly, we have an initial role for the star of Lord of the Rings, Viggo Mortensen. The film is not exactly original but the plot is interesting. We focus on a prison that has reopened after several years. This was the prison where a man named Charles Forsyth was sent to the electric chair after being framed by the governor of the prison. Naturally, the spirit of the dead man does not rest in peace; and when the old execution room is reopened, the spirit of the dead convict escapes out of revenge. <br /> <br /> The movie is not exactly The Shawshank Redemption, but it does take care of building its various characters and while The main point of the film is always the horror, the prison drama behind all this makes it in an interesting base. This is a good job too because, apart from the basic premise, the film does not really have a 'plot' and we only depend on the interaction between the characters to keep things interesting. The horror that appears in the film is sometimes grotesque, but it is never exaggerated, which in fact could be the reason why this film is rarely remembered, since it was released in a decade of excess. The murders themselves are quite good and imaginative, however, and offer some important highlights. As the film progresses, we begin to delve deeper into the background story of the ghost of the vengeful convict and although it is quite interesting, some things have no meaning and drag the film a bit. Still, it all boils down to an exciting climax and, in general, I must say that Prison is a movie worth tracking.
