2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix, with the release of two sequels and a computer game that was actually linked to the plot of the movie. A DVD of 9 animated short films was also released, most of them written and made in Japan and made as Anime. Japan makes some of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of a prequel to the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is made as a historical archive. It tells how humans made machines in their likeness. Human beings live the good life while machines are grunts, workers of society, second-class citizens. In the year 2090, a machine, BI-66ER was put on trial for murder, after killing its owners who wanted to deactivate it. The machine does not have a fair trial and riots start all over the world. The governments of the world order to dismantle machines. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undermines human nations, forcing them into an economic crisis. The human blockade 01 and the rejection of requests for peace of the machines, therefore, were the humans responsible for the war that enslaved them. <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is an interesting watch, with an excellent traditional animation style. It establishes a convincing world. It shows how the machines were mistreated and that humanity sowed the seeds of its own destruction. There is a political and social world and the short says a lot in the short term. The short one shares themes and a style for the classic silent film Metropolis, partly the beginning with the underworld. These are the issues of slavery, mistreatment of the working class and racism. The short also has some religious themes and religious iconography. Mainly that men saw themselves as God and created machines in their own likeness. Seeing themselves as the legitimate masters of machines. The machines also use religious iconography, mainly forming their nation in 'the cradle of human civilization' and the machines that come to the United Nations dressed as Adam and Eve, offering an apple. <br /> <br /> The animation style is beautiful, Made in traditional anime style (like Akira). The scenography designs are great, they combine futuristic cities with historic cities, for example. Washington D.C .. There is a good scene in the future and surprising violence, which is key to the film. The director, Mahiro Maeda, also directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so he has good credentials to Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story. <br /> <br /> The only real complaint is a continuity error in the first Matrix movie because Morpheus mentions that humans do not have historical records or know who started the war. But it's a good watch.
