The prisons are not exactly famous for their kind hospitality and their "happy vibes", with stories of fights, chaos, murders and, of course, the extreme male bond! But the prison in this movie is a completely different beast. The horror films that appear in the cells are not, as you probably know, anything particularly new, as they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the inability to escape. Two of the great themes of horror movies. With examples like THE CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), THE GREEN MILLE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and, of course, the entire exploitation genre of Women In Prison, another entry to this niche It has to be something inventive and very fun to be recognized. Or at least that is what you would have thought. PRISON is certainly an incredibly fun and enjoyable trip, and it is a pity that it is not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> The film, in short, focuses on an old prison (well, duh!) that has been reopened. However, it is not only the prisoners and guards that the prisoners have to fear, but also a ghost demon spirit with only one thing in mind; death! And boy, are we treated to some impressive death scenes? I will not ruin anything here for you, but there are many nice and innovative murders, all made by invisible hands. <br /> <br /> In addition to the special effects and murders, this film also has something else in its favor; is cast Headlining, we have the star of LORD OF THE RINGS (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) Viggo Mortensen (and for those who want it, yes, he is naked), whose performance is not only highly credible, but is he performs with such skill that his character Eastwood-esquire is both bad and nice (a very delicate mix). Add it to a cast of "hey-wait-a-minute-I-know-that-guy" and you'll have a great game of stars. However, the characters themselves lack three-dimensionality and most of the time they are very stereotyped. We have a black eye doctor, a prison warden as hard as nails, a human rights activist and many other characters. But in all honesty, this 'guilt' actually helps the movie. Instead of bored the development of the characters in too long a balance, they throw us, more or less, directly into the action and once it starts (very soon) there is not a single scene that is a filling. They are balls to the wall plot. Unlike a certain SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing conventions with the slasher genre, this is something of a convention in itself, and, in the tradition of the slasher genre, the PRISON punishes those who have been bad. <br /> <br /> In summary, all this is a little great horror. Film and one that unfortunately is overlooked and is not mentioned in the world of horror. With an excellent cast and excellent special effects and quite original death scenes, this movie is highly recommended for horror fans. Do not be fooled into thinking that it will be a small corny movie, just because it was made in the United States in the 80s, it is far from being corny (although the ending ruins this) and, at the same time, far from being harsh and realistic (although try to address issues such as rape in prison, they are done in a very subtle way). <br /> <br /> I give you 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A very entertaining horror movie with some very nice touches.
