'The Adventures Of Barry McKenzie' began his life as a satirical cartoon in 'Private Eye', written by Barry Humphries and based on an idea by Peter Cook. McKenzie ('Bazza' for his friends) is a skinny, noisy Australian with a hat, whose two main interests in life are sex (despite never having had it) and Fosters lager. In 1972, he came to the big screen for the first of the two exits. It must have been tempting for Humphries to launch himself as 'Bazza', but he wisely left the job to Barry Crocker (later to sing the theme of the soap opera 'Neighbors'!). Humphries, on the other hand, played multiple roles in the true fashion of Peter Sellers, especially the dominant Aunt 'Edna Everage' of Bazza (this was before he became Dame). <br /> <br /> You know this is not going to be 'The importance of' Being Ernest 'when your censorship classifies the NPA. means 'No Poofters Allowed'. A Sydney lawyer tells Bazza that he hates Pom and that to inherit a part of his father's will he must go to England to absorb British culture. With Aunt Edna on her back, take a flight from Quantas to Hong Kong and then to London. An overly efficient customs official causes Bazza to pay import taxes on everything he bought there, including a suitcase full of "Fosters beer tubes." As he says: "when it comes to running away from you, the Poms have the advantage over the gyppos!". An astute taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the fare by taking Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge, then to Scotland. The streets of London are dirty, and his hotel is a shack run by a sordid owner (Spike Milligan) who has Bazza put one-pound notes on the electricity meter every twenty minutes. However, there is some good news for our hero; he meets other Australians in Earls Court, and Fosters is for sale in British pubs. <br /> <br /> What happens next is a series of comic adventures that make Bazza star in his own cigarette advertisement, and put curry on the floor. in the belief that it is a kind of aphrodisiac, a strange encounter with Dennis Price as a high class pervert who loves to be slapped while wearing a school uniform, a dance of young conservatives at Rickmansworth to a rock concert of charity in which he speaks his song 'Chundering' (vomiting) almost makes him an international star, and finally to BBC TV Center, where the pants are lowered in a live interview program organized by the person who thinks of her, Joan Bakewell. A fire broke out and Bazza's friends came to the rescue, demolished Fosters cans and urinated on the flames en masse. <br /> <br /> This is very far from Bruce Beresford's later works: 'Breaker Morant' and 'Driving Miss Daisy'. At the launch, he was criticized by critics for being too "vulgar". Well, yes, it is, but it's also great not-C. funny. 'Bazza' is a disgusting creation, but his enthusiasm for life is unmistakable, you can not help but like the boy. His various euphemisms for urinating ("pointing Percy to porcelain") and vomiting ("Technicolor yawning") have passed into the English language without many people knowing where they come from. Other guest stars are Dick Bentley (like a detective chasing Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (who will later star in 'Rock Follies'), and even future art presenter Russell Davies. <br /> <br /> A sequel - the wonderfully named 'Barry McKenzie Holds His Own - came out two years later. In its opening, Humphries took the opportunity to ruin the critics who had saved the first film. Good for him. <br /> <br /> What should have worried him most, however, was the release of 'Crocodile Dundee' in 1985. He also had an Australian Aussie, skinny and wearing a hat, who was struggling to reach an agreement. With a foreign culture. And he made tons of money more. <br /> <br /> The song in the final credits (played by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is magnificent. You have a love, a letter that includes the line: "If you want to send your sister in a frenzy, introduce her to Barry McKenzie!". It's time to finish this review. I have to do whatever it takes to shake hands with the unemployed ...
