I took out a VHS box from my vast collection, many of them invisible, and I chose a movie, based on the box, I thought it would be fun, and yes, bad. The prison had that cheesy look of the 80s in the whole box. I sat and looked, and behold! and behold, we discover that sometimes we sit before a movie with preconceived expectations in mind. Fortunately, I reversed mine quickly and soon realized that I was sitting not just a good movie, but a good movie in total. The prison tells the story of a former prison in ruins that was reopened to save on budgetary concerns. It looks creepy like everything empty and full of prisoners. The prison used as a stage is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. The story that prison uses as its central location tells in a prologue of a dead man through an electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard, tearing off a crucifix before sending the man to his Maker. Then we go to the present, first with a government meeting in a meeting that decides to open the prison and we send a beautiful doctor to make sure that the conditions are acceptable, since he campaigned vigorously against the reopening of the old prison. Then we see the new warden, Lane Smith, tormented by a nightmare in bed, and given the new job of opening a prison in which he has not been in years. Well, the rest follows his example: the prisoners and the guards arrive with many stereotypes that abound. We are given a certain depth of character and several of the prisoners are interesting characters. The acting is better than one might expect, with Lane Smith doing as always a professional job. Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner being solid. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane really explore the limits of their stereotyped characters. Chelsea Field is well as a female lead. The best performance is Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underestimated character actor, like Cresus, a prisoner who had been in that same prison years ago when the "man" had been executed "with some kind of terrible secret." Prison is not the best Something like sliced ​​bread or something like that, but definitely worth seeing and definitely better than most would expect from it, I was pleasantly surprised by how director Renny Harlin created such a visually atmospheric story. The film has a tense rhythm and Harlin knows how to build his scenes, there are some excessively filmed gore scenes, the barbed wire was a bit more than all the tubes, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting. It's evenly decent, the script is actually much more cohesive than one usually gets from films like these, which can be attributed in part to Irwin Yablans, who he wrote the story, you may remember that he came up with the idea of ​​making Halloween a holiday. Here makes incarceration much more terrifying than it already is. Give the prison a break (get it).
