What we have here is a convincing piece of low budget horror with a relatively original premise, a cast that is full of familiar faces and one of the most compelling filming locations in the history of horror movies. So ... could someone tell me why this movie is so underestimated? "Prison" is the United States debut of the Finnish director Harlin, which still counts as his best effort although he continued to make successful hits such as "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story takes place entirely in an old and ramshackle Wyoming prison, reopened for the cause of overpopulation in other more modern state penitentiaries. Within the previous execution dungeons, the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric chair still dwells around. The now promoted director Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) was already there 40 years ago, when this innocent man was sentenced to death, and the spirit still remembers his vile role in the unfair trial. It seems that the moment of revenge has finally arrived. Viggo Mortensen plays the good car thief who has to avoid an even bigger body count and Chelsea Field is the human social worker who slowly unravels the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> "Prison" contains more than half a dozen memorable gore sequences, but it is the unbearably tense atmosphere that will stick to you for sure! Unlike any other horror image of that decade, "Prison" presents an incredible sense of realism! By this, I mean the authentic landscape and the mood inside the prison walls, of course, and not the supernatural murders that are being committed ... although these are also truly disturbing. The best parts of the film are images of realistic and difficult sequences of prison drama combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. The best moment of terror (which gave me nightmares since I saw it at a fairly early age) centers on a grizzly death fight involving barbed wire. Haunting!! The script only suffers a defect, but that is a common one ... almost inevitable, I suppose: clichés! The story presents almost all the possible stereotypes that there is in a prison around. We have the ugly and fat pervert with his "cute" children's toy, the cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and ... naturally ?? the old and wise swindler who serves a lifetime (did I hear someone shout the name of Morgan Freeman?) Do not look blind at these clichés, as I advise you, as there are many other elements to admire. The photography is dark and damp, the mystery is long and successful, and the supporting roles of class B inmates are excellent (fans will recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and even the icon of horror immortal Kane Hodder). Forget the terrible and terrible attempt of Wes Craven of "Shocker" or pathetic pathetic "The Chair". This is the only prison cooler that is worth tracing! Especially considering that Viggo Mortensen is gaining popularity today (I heard that he starred in a successful franchise involving elves, hobbits and other fairy creatures ...) this true gem of horror of the 80s should get a DVD of urgent launch!
