There is a lot of material from the comics and novels of Modesty Blaise that would be great in a movie. Unfortunately, several attempts have been made and they have not reached the great potential of the character. So, no, this is not the modesty you know in the comic strip (currently reprinted in beautiful editions of Titan Books). This is Modesty, about 5 or 6 years before the first strip, and for what you can gather from your story, it is correct. <br /> <br /> Miramax had the rights to the character's film, with Quentin Tarantino Acting as a defender and technical advisor. The first drafts of the Miramax project tried to adapt one of the best novels, but they always managed to put aside some crucial element. Tarantino was not happy with any of them and offered to remove his name from the project so they could continue. For study credit, they wanted to keep him in the process, since they knew he "understood" the character and his world. With the rights to the film about to expire, they decided to try a very different approach. The result was "My Name is Modesty", a small direct movie to the video that presents the character. <br /> <br /> The movie does not feature Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald. These characters are important for Blaise's adventures in most of the published stories. What this film accomplishes is to show the character's strength by itself. She never loses her composure, and never doubt that she is in charge, even unarmed in a room full of gangsters with weapons. Most of the film takes place inside a casino, which undoubtedly saved money in production. No matter. The movie does not seem so cheap. Instead, it provides a fairly complete (and credible) background story for the character and shows how far he thinks ahead. If Miramax adapts any of the comic stories or novels now, they have presented the character's background very well and they will not have to devote much time to their "origin". I realize that the words "Direct to the video" do not inspire confidence, but it is worth watching this movie.
