If you are already a fan of the wonderful books Modesty Blaise by Peter O'Donnell of the sixties, you will really enjoy this movie. If you've ever seen the 1966 "Modesty Blaise" movie, forget it! That was camp. This is the true Blaise Modesty. The story and the character are faithful to the modesty that book fans know and love. It is very far from Joe Losey's farce in 1966, and it takes our Modesty quite seriously. Alexandra Staden is quite good and credible in the part, and yes, we can see her kicking her ass. Laughter <br /> <br /> This is probably the first film in a series and, as such, it serves to present Modesty, his childhood and his days with Lob. <br /> <br /> Since Peter O'Donnell was the creative advisor in the film, it all really sounds true. Even the story O'Donnell told about how he conceived the character is just as he told it. Having read all the books, I enjoyed the movie even more because of that. <br /> <br /> Now that Miramax has maintained its option on property by having Quentin Tarrentino make this film, I hope to see more of the modesty stories as soon as possible. Especially because the wonderful character of Willie Garvin makes the character of Modesty really come alive. To that end, I really hope that the film does well in Europe. I have no idea if Miramax intends to distribute the DVD in the United States. I suspect that it might not be as good in the general distribution in the United States. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute their films. <br /> <br /> In the story, Modesty is in his first 20 years, working at the Louche casino in Tangier. The flashback sequences are done with art and take modesty from 9 years of age, to teenagers who have until the current age in the film, between 21 and 22 years, I suppose. I really do not think there is a "perfect actress" for Modesty. For many of us, the Modesty fans, it is already too powerful a presence in our imagination. Alexandra Staden is credible. She is very thin, elegant and balanced. She has many close ups. She has a big face, one that fits your mind after the movie ends. According to O 'Donnell's illustrator, Romero, Modesty has a fuller figure than Staden, but I'm willing to overlook it. If Sta cantidades continues onunes, I believe that he will contabilidad in him ,ÁS like modesty she becomes morequisitive and skillódigos as she Alliance. Staden already conveys very well the humor of Modestia and absolute security. Cheer up and rent this movie, it's not like anything else you've seen and although it was directed by Scott Spiegel, it's full of touches of Tarrentino, excellent camera movements, lighting and action sequences well done.
