Absolutely tactical, weird (notice the perverted moment of a beautiful fall blonde who acts like a string doll for some rich people), meaningless but definitely a feature of the night. This disorderly French production is a stew of confused and unfocused ideas of plot, centered on its very charismatic stars (although somewhat antihero) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They really can not do all that, especially during the long, confined middle section where they hide in a building during the Christmas holidays to open a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh fun! But this is when a strange and intriguing relationship is formed between the characters of Delon and Bronson. After a manipulative battle of wills (and games of nonsense between them), the two come to an understanding that makes them honor the participation of each one and have mutual respect. This would continue to play a role in the twisted second part of the story with that ball undetectable curve. Even so, his initial encounters suggest that there is more, but what we get is vague and this is magnified by what "What just happened there?" Finishing that could make you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! I'm glad to get that out of the system. <br /> <br /> The pace is terribly slow, but it is measured placidly, and this seems intentionally to be exhausted by your nervous and nervous tension. Notice that the same process repeats itself over and over again, and knows that something is not right and that the schemes finally come into play. Now everything that happens feels too spontaneous, but the reward of the climax is disturbing. The tense and complex script is probably a bit too cunning for its own sake, but there are some interesting novelties (coins, glass and liquids, no spills) and visual symbolisms. The direction of Jean Herman is efficiently sophisticated and discreet, but it gets a bit artificial and infuses an unwelcoming icy atmosphere. The FX sound is presented more as a powerful note, than the funky score of Francois DeRoubaix that remains wrapped after its opening. The main drawers, Delon (which is quite steely) and Bronson (a jovial turn) are solid, and each works tremendously. Bernard Fresson reinforces the attitude as the inspector who knows that there are more things than what is being done. An attractive female cast is supported by Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> A criminal drama cryptically without direction, but polished, maintained by its two clues and some strange inclusions.
