Brief synopsis <br /> <br /> This film opens with soldiers freed from the company of men. One of them chases another with a strange scheme, the other refuses repeatedly. Later, they both get trapped in an office building where they want to open a safe during the Christmas holidays. The hostility becomes playful jokes and then in a desperate struggle to survive (during the jokes lose all drinkable liquids, so it is really serious). With torsos exposed, well built and well greased, they make a hole in the wall and finally manage to escape. only to discover that they have been betrayed and established by women. One is trapped, the other remains free and is not given by his partner. One last meeting, one last light for a cigarette, goodbye, my friend, goodbye, friend. <br /> <br /> It was hard for me not to see homosexuals in the two main characters, played by the classic He-Man superstars. Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. Obviously, they are attracted to each other, their treatment of women is abominable and is marked by contempt at all times. The whole story seems to have a strong symbolic hangover, a bit like Deliverance. It is also very elegant. The safe that the two men want to break is in one? for the moment ?? Ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. It is the headquarters of an advertising company, so there are many posters and luxury wall coverings around. The closet is also very good. The ultra-elegant Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern and elegant car of all time) has a major role in this film. perhaps a subtle type of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this movie only for the actor's performances. Delon and Bronson are really sharing the main billing, in a way that I found very fair and sporty. Both do a considerable amount of acrobatics. I've never seen Bronson better than here, he really acts, and he speaks French everywhere, with a strong accent that he buys very passively. And it is certainly the man we listen to. (So ​​the French version is highly recommended). The police inspector who chases them is played by one of my favorite actors of Franch's characters, Bernard Fresson, who was Gene Hackman's partner in French Connection II. He is the best intelligent police inspector I know. It is also very good former child actress Brigitte Fossey as the young naive that, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it seems at first glance. <br /> <br /> Anyone who expects the "old in-an-out" This movie can disappoint many of the classic movies of the robbery. For those with a little patience, this will be a rewarding experience, full of original and novel ideas and management peculiarities, although it may be too brutal and sadistic by itself.
