This is the first silent film by Jean Renoir that I have seen, and perhaps rightly so, since it is generally considered his best work, as well as being his first great work. In general, it is in fact a very safe and technically made film that belies the fact that it was only Renoir's effort in the second year. For the director's fans, it is full of interesting clues about Renoir's future films, especially THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID (1946) and THE GOLDEN COACH (1952), in his representation of a lower class, femme fatale, desired by several aristocrats who lament. for her, but also THE RULES OF THE GAME (1939), which shows in a sequence how the rowdy servants behave when the backs of their masters move away from them, and FRENCH CANCUN (1955): Nana is seen doing a test in the scandalous dance at a given moment. Personally, I would say that the film is a respectable companion piece to G.W. PANDORA BOX (1928) by Pabst, THE BLUE ANGEL (1930) by Josef von Sternberg and LOLA MONTES (1955) by Max Ophuls in his vivid recreation of the sordid life of a courtesan. <br /> <br /> Having said all that, the film was a resounding commercial and critical failure at the time of its launch: a "crazy company", as Renoir himself referred to it in his memoirs, which cost him not only a fortune (eventually, it eased the resulting financial burden by selling some of his late father's paintings), but it almost made him leave the cinema forever! Stylistically, NANA is quite different from Renoir's work and has a particular debt to Erich von Stroheim's FOOLISH WIVES (1922), a film that Renoir greatly admired and, on a personal note, one that he really should revise again (having possessed the Kino DVD of him and the other von Stroheims for 4 years). Anyway, the NANA certainly is not without failures: a deliberate rhythm is felt during the 130-minute race time excessively generous with some sequences (the horse race around the midpoint in particular) that goes on too long. <br /> <br /> The excessively modest acting style on display is also difficult to take, especially that of Nana by Catherine Hessling and Georges Hugon by Raymond Guerin-Catelain (one of his various suitors) ... although, technically , are their characters, that is, a bad actress (who leads to courtly lifestyle when booed the stage) and an immature weakling, respectively. However, like Anna Magnani in THE GOLDEN COACH, Hessling (Renoir's wife at the time, by the way) is not attractive enough to be very convincing as "the epitome of elegance" (as another admirer describes her). in a stage) who is able to enslave every man he knows. Other notables in the cast are "Dr. Caligari himself ", Werner Krauss (as the most fervent devotee of Nana, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (as initially skeptical but eventually tragic suitor of Nana) and future distinguished film director Claude Autant-Lara (cataloged as Claude Moore and also as art director here) as the close friend of Muffat, but who is secretly in love with the latter's careless wife! <br /> <br /> The impression I saw, through the "Collector's Edition of 3 discs of Jean Renoir of Lionsgate ", is, for the most part, a restored and beautifully tinted version that was previously only available on DVD in French, based on a classic of French literature (by Emile Zola, no less), it can not stop being taken to the screen several times and the two most notable film versions are those of Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill, and I'm owner of VHS) and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine C Arol and Charles Boyer, with whom I'm not familiar).
