I really liked that movie. I totally disagree with some (negative) criticisms that I have read over the years. This was a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He seemed to have a great time with his part as Chandler Jarrell and should never care what the critics say, if he had fun doing it. and most of his audience enjoyed it! And it was fun to watch, as it combined great fantasy tension with Murphy's great comic style. Do you have to keep in mind that 'Golden Child' is a 'fantasy' movie? Only an imaginative work of magic and wonder in the middle of the "real" world. During the time this movie was released, I was working in a video rental store. This was one of the most popular among all our customers. Each time, we put this on our monitor, ALL copies that came out quickly with waiting list requests that kept him in the queue for months. Everyone who rented it loved it! I was the resident film critic and all my regulars asked me my opinion before renting it. This was one of my favorites and I knew the taste of my clients, so I recommended it to most of them. I really feel that this movie is a sleeper? It may not have worked too well at the box office? Due to very poor marketing? But it reached a high level in the rental market and bought videos later! (YES, I bought this movie for my own video library!). I adored the child who played the 'Golden Child'? J. L. Reate, but after looking at his profile in IMDb, I noticed that he never made more films. That's sad, because he definitely had an aura on screen and could have continued with a film career. I also loved Victor Wong, who played the Old Man (LOVE him in his role as 'Egg Shen' in 'Big Trouble in Little China' - 1986). In any case, this was a great movie. The only drawbacks that did not seem to fit the theme were some of the parts that became a little more "adult" in nature? as the rather sexual comments of Chandler about the lady of the snake that was presented to him as a silhouette. It was funny, but it was not synchronized yet. OK, so there were some suggestive and free scenes? Those were put for the mentality of the day maybe. This was an adventurous and escapist type movie that we need today to get away from all the harsh reality and the depressing fuzz that we find ourselves in Hollywood. That's entertainment!
