I always feel strange and guilty when I say it (because I'm a pretty well-educated non-teenager), but in reality I'm like the Olsen twins, and I respect the movies they make, even though I've never been their best friend. Target audiences. "When in Rome" was a traditional film by Mary-Kate and Ashley, complete with trips abroad, accents, motorcycles, adult romance as "B" argument, fashion orientation and even the gag on the credits. I enjoy it myself. "When in Rome" and the other twin films of Olsen never pretend to be something they are not; most of the time, they only premiere on video, and never claim to be the next "Citizen Kane" or even "An Affair to Remember". What I want to say is that the people who see this movie and expect it to be something other than another Olsen twin movie will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> That said, those who ARE fans of the Olsen twins will really have fun. For those of us who have seen them since the first episodes of "Full House", it's really great to see them grow in more mature roles. This film provides important historical and geographical information, as do many of his other films (do you remember 10 Downing Street from "Winning London" and the Louvre visit of "Passport to Paris"?), In addition to providing a good and clean fun that can be enjoyed by the whole family. <br /> <br /> While I still feel like I'm in my soap box, and as long as I can make it relevant to the film, let me take a moment to challenge those who reject the Olsen twins: to be a fan of the Olsen twins, you do not have to be a California pre-teen "valley girl". In fact, that is not really the target audience. If so, the MK & A clothing and accessories line would run through Gap or some store like that, not Wal-Mart. "When in Rome", although it presents "high fashion" and globe-trotters and two girls from a valley in Cali, it's not about that ... it's more about inspiring the young girls who have the initiative to let it take places. That means placing the movie in some glamorous foreign city with cute guys on a motorcycle, so be it. That's called marketing: you take an idea and sell it making it attractive. At least they are sending a good message, even if the media seems a bit superficial. <br /> <br /> Basically, do not hit the movie until you've seen it, and then do not hit it until you've tried to understand what the Olsen twins do: encourage young girls to be creative. Intuitive and driven young women . This movie does that, I think, like its others. Children - enjoy. Parents - do the same. If you like the Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
