This well-conceived and carefully researched documentary describes the atrocious case of the Chagos islanders, who, as shown, between 1969 and 1971, were deported en masse from their country of origin through the collusion of the British and American governments. Anglo-American policy makers decided to act in this way because of their perception that the islands would be strategically vital bases for controlling the Indian Ocean through the projection of air and naval power. At one point during the Cold War, when most of the newly independent postcolonial states were moving away from the Western orbit, it seems that British and American officials felt rather than letting the islanders decide the fate of the islands was not an option viable. Instead, they opted for large-scale forced removal of the native population. The film shows that no provisions were made for the islanders at the time of their expulsion, and that from the dock in Mauritius, where they were left, the displaced Chagossian community fell into three decades of deprivation and, in these new circumstances, besieged by nostalgia . , suffered substantially accelerated death rates. <br /> <br /> After more than three decades, however, in the last months (and years), after the publication of many totally damning documents from the Public Registry Office of the United Kingdom (one more suspects that there was some mistake, and these documents were supposed never to have been made public), the legal appeals resulting from the Chagossian community in exile have caused the British courts to be constantly in favor of the islanders and against the British State. As such, the amazing and disturbing conclusions drawn in the film can only reasonably be seen as proven. However, the governments of Great Britain and the United States have not yet committed themselves to returning to the islands what the courts definitively concluded are the legitimate inhabitants. This is a movie worth watching for everyone to see, but it is important for the British and the Americans to see it. To be silent in the face of these facts is to be an accomplice to a completely ugly crime.
