Fighting the death penalty is a just cause. All those who are healthy in Europe would think so. In the United States, everything is different. The film seems to demonstrate in a first stage that justice can be won against the death penalty of the racist intolerant who longs for American justice. A young man is released from death row thanks to a law professor who returned to defense counsel for this particular case. But the movie has a sequel. Justice in the United States is completely governed by the goal of revenge. The miscarriage of justice is the same ruled by revenge. A person in the local Public Prosecutor's Office has a young person prosecuted on false charges. The official of this public lawyer withdraws the charges after a while and the young man goes free. But he loses his university scholarship and is punished by some vengeful people for whom there is never smoke without a fire. He hides his shame and swears to get his revenge. But you also need to satisfy your sexual needs, which are more mental than hormonal, but even stronger because they are mental and no longer hormonal, and you can only do that with girls. Apparently, he joins another serial killer looking for the same kind of prey. One day, the local policemen follow their intuition, guided by some vague circumstantial elements in the murder of a girl, and arrest the young uncle we are talking about. He was beaten and interrogated for 22 hours with nothing but beatings and blows, telephone books, weapons and Russian roulette. He confesses Sent to death row, he asks his grandmother to go and find the law professor in Massachusetts, who is the husband of the representative of the Local Prosecutor's Office who falsely processed him a few years ago and that the revenge is in the lanes . It will fail, but it shows that as soon as one in the line of justice, police work and other security forces goes out of line with absolute legality, unjust acts are committed that can ruin even the best case of accusation and feed the worst . The deepest thirst imaginable of revenge. Charging someone for circumstantial elements is as bad as allowing circumstantial elements to spoil the work of the police or justice. The best intentions of the police side are ruined by some personal participation and vengeful intention, as much as the life of a person can be compromised by circumstantial elements inflated to the size of the evidence, which in turn will endanger the whole case to be only circumstantial , therefore, easily disposable, with a good lawyer. Then, the film is a profound reflection on the need to respect the rules and regulations along the entire police and judicial line if we do not want to commit an error, which in turn does not justify the death penalty, since of all modes goes against. the deepest belief that the Americans are supposed to have: "We believe that these truths are evident, that all men are created equal, that their Creator has granted them certain inalienable rights, that among them are Life, Liberty and search for happiness. " (Declaration of independence) Life is an inalienable right that was given to man by his Creator, which means that no one but the one who gave it can take it away. Only God can take the life of a person. The death penalty is the arrogant appropriation of a power that we do not have. Even if we do not evoke God, we can not justify the death penalty except as an act of revenge, and here the film shows that revenge is the worst possible motivation in the interpretation of justice and in the establishment of public peace. If vengeance is set aside, there is no other justification for this death penalty. And there can always be an error in the search not for happiness but for revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris 1 Pantheon of Sorbonne, University of Paris 8 Saint Denis, University of Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
