An exciting thriller !!, December 10, 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 from United States <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> Protagonist: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <A liberal, albeit kind-hearted, Harvard law professor, Paul Armstrong, is summoned to the Everglades of Flordia by an unjustly condemned black man Bobby Earl. Confessing that sadistic and cold-hearted policemen were vilified and beaten to obtain the confession of a horrible murder of an eleven-year-old girl. As he digs deeper and deeper into the mysterious case, he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. That the black police detective, Lt. Danny Brown, of the small community, is corrupt and evil. When he introduces himself to the infamous and psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan. He discovers that he knows the location of the murder weapon that killed the girl. When Armstrong discovers that there are lucid coincidences of Sullivan's road trip through the small town and the letter he personally wrote. Bobby Earl receives a special trial. He is free from prison and avoids his horrible punishment. Everything seems perfectly fine until an unexpected call from the serial killer Sullivan focuses. Armstrong discovers a double slaughter that turns out to be Sullivan's parents. Who he detests immensely. Sullivan reveals to Armstrong the truth of the atrocious murder of Joanie Shriver and why it was. brought here. It turns out that Bobby Earl is a psychopathic killer and he really raped and killed Joanie Shriver. He just made a deal with the diabolical psychic Sullivan. Let go in order to kill again for revenge. The beautiful wife and daughter of Armstrong. Now, Sullivan is executed until his death. Armstrong and the good-for-tough guy Brown chase the evil villain to the Everglades to thwart him. When they arrive, Armstrong learns that the psychotic Bobby Earl plans to kill his wife and daughter in a previous rape trial that inevitably caused him to suffer agonizing pain. castration. But the good and virtuous cop Brown emerges and frustrates the brutal evil. He is stabbed and eaten by ruthless alligators who eat men. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter survive and live happily ever after. A good thriller that works. It offers mysteries and subterfuges. How reluctant blacks are bothered by racist right men. They are condemned to unjust sentences. Even though sometimes the innocent and innocent man, wrongly condemned, can be truly the evil vicious. Sean Connery is great as the unconscious, holier than your hero. Elurence Fishburne is amazingly amazing as the bad, arrogant, but good-looking policeman. Underwood and Harris are exaggerated and invigorating like the malevolent psychics. Capeshaw is fine. Ruby Dee is as good as the tenacious grandmother. The rest of the cast is also wonderful.
