This is the fifth von Trier film I've seen. I think he is the only director that I have given such a high score in all his films. Four of them, The Element of Crime, Europe, Breaking the Waves, and Dancer in the Dark, I have given a 10, and one, The Idiots, I have given a 9 (and I have been reconsidering if I give a 10 from the The first time I saw him, although I'd like to see him one more time before he did it, he's been reprimanded for calling himself one of the best directors that work, I tend to agree with him, I can not blame him for being arrogant when he's done In 50 years, when Von Trier retires, he will be considered the pre-eminent cinematographic artist of Europe (perhaps of the planet), and classes will be held in his name, he is simply the Bergman or Fellini of our time. pity that the critics are too intrigued with themselves to realize this. <br /> <br /> On Europe itself, I must admit that it was confusing and that its narrative did not seem strong, I think that is the point. , this movie was meant to represent a nightmare a, or the subconscious on some level. This is absolutely clear in the framing of the film: the Max von Sydow narrative. We are hypnotized, or Von Trier is hypnotized, and this is our subconscious mind. I am inclined to lean more towards his mind, since the degradation of Europe worries me, an American, very little. This framing is also clear if you've seen The Element of Crime, a film even brighter than this (although I'm questioning that in my mind, what Europe needs more than anything is an appropriate release on DVD, hopefully Criterion again, with theater ). aspect ratio and sound and image remastered; So, I'm pretty sure this movie would look as good as any of von Trier's other films. In The Element of Crime, the film begins with a hypnotist, whom we see on screen this time, is hypnotizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to the root of his mental anguish. The first words of that movie are "Fantasy is fine, but my job is to keep you on track." And every time Fisher, the narrator, deviates, the hypnotist reprimands him and tells him to go back into history. He even laughs when a character is given a really silly and trite line. Something like "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughs and says: "Now, Fisher, she really did not say that, right?" <br /> <br /> So the key to interpreting Europe, almost a sequel to The Element of Crime, is that we are deeply in the subconscious of our / von Trier, and that the symbols must be interpreted within ourselves and They will probably be different for everyone. What does the train itself symbolize? Consider it internally, and only then discuss it externally. Europe is a great movie, a masterpiece. I never got bored, although I saw it at 3 am. The perfect moment to look, really, since it works in the logic of dreams.
