History: the voice-over narration of Max von Sydow hypnotizes the protagonist (and the public) until 1945, where our protagonist, the young American ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr), has just arrived in Germany after the Second World War World to help rebuild the damaged country. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) gives Leopold a job at the big Zentropa train company, but soon falls in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); daughter of Zentropa owner Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold soon finds himself trapped in a network of corruption, being exploited, losing his ideology, and is forced to choose between a plague or a rage. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, fascinating, manipulative, noirish, disturbing, beautiful, and ugly. These are some immediate, grandiose descriptions that come to mind when thinking about the masterpiece EUROPA by Lars von Trier in 1991; The last chapter of the trilogy of Europe. In the USA UU It was renamed ZENTROPA so that the public would not confuse it with EUROPE EUROPE of Agnieszka Holland since 1990 (likewise a drama of World War II). The trilogy of Europe also consists of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT of 1984 and EPIDEMIC of 1987 (the infamous experiment that only sold 900 entrances in the Danish cinemas). The trilogy deals thematically with hypnotism and the loss of idealism, although the themes of this trilogy are not as essential as the visual elements. In the foreground of EUROPE we see a locomotive moving towards us while our unidentified narrator literally hypnotizes us: "In the mental count of ten, you will be in Europe, you will be at ten, I say: ten." A metaphor about the ability of films to transport us to a subconscious dream reality. <br /> <br /> EUROPE uses a strange but extremely effective visual style: the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is the main influence of Trier, he says it all. It is a black and white film that occasionally intertwines with red in the form of blood, a red dress, etc. According to rumors, this inspired Steven Spielberg to use the similar effect in the SHINDLER LIST of 1993 (coincidentally, another drama of World War II). In addition, Trier uses the so-called Dutch angels and reinvents the background projection by adding co-operating layers taken separately, but unlike the older Hollywood films that incorporated it for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These strange and carefully executed visual techniques emphasize that we are in a dream reality, we are hypnotized; The universe of EUROPE is not real! EUROPE is often criticized for weighing advanced techniques (such as multilayer background projection) on the plot and the characters, but that's what critics criticized Stanley Kubrick's 1968 visual masterpiece: A Space Odyssey for: today occupies a mandatory place in all. History books of the cinema. <br /> <br /> EUROPE is also accused of historical errors. Apparently, Trier assigns too much historical importance to the terrorist werewolf group of the Nazis. According to several online sources that are correct (a fascinating topic, try it with Googl'ing!), However, Trier's purposes are not educational nor do they accurately represent the story. EUROPE is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, therefore, the universe that the audience finds is a distorted reality. It also shows how our memory deceives us: a 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although the young audiences that experience EUROPA are too young to have memories of World War II, we have a collective memory of several BBC documentaries, so these little inaccuracies have a purpose: they inform us that we are not in World War II from Germany in 1945, but in memory of Leopolds. <br /> <br /> The three chapters of the European trilogy portray young ideologues with noble intentions forced to corruption and losing their ideological innocence. The ambiguous endings of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPE show the ideologues trapped forever in their hypnotized realities. Before, during and after shooting Europe in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-writer Niels Vørsel were extremely interested in World War II. Sample. It is full of extremely beautiful shots that capture the atmosphere of the moment in which the spot was made. A great example is the old Polish church (EUROPE was shot in Poland mainly for economic reasons) in the last act of EUROPE. As in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY, I believe that EUROPE will receive its deserved place in the history of cinema. His method of twisting the old clichés and visual techniques of the history of love and cinema is so unique, strange and completely different from everything that will be seen in Hollywood today, or any other dream factory, in this case. <br /> <br /> EUROPE is an essential film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some dismiss it as pure commercial speculation, but that would be catastrophic. It is at the height of other classics and semi-classics of Trier, such as FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT of 1984, the TV series RIGET of 1993 and DOGVILLE of 2003. It is a unique experience since before Trier took care of its actors and before the Manme de Dogme95. Look at it! "At the count of ten ..." 9/10
