I was barely aware of the time in the story represented in this Brazilian black comedy of 1971, however, that does not mean that it was not accessible to me because the film makes it very clear. It is set in sixteenth-century Brazil, where rival French and Portuguese settlers are exploiting the Indians as confederates in their battle to assert dominance. What is particularly interesting about the film is that it is made by the Portuguese from the point of view of the French. The hero is a nice Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarians and the rest of the French are oppressive and greedy. The Portuguese creators of the film are objective because when everything is said and done, we see that there is no difference as to their side. It is about the inheritance dominated by the environment at a time totally defined by the tribes. Enemies are made and perpetuated, and as such, environmental integration never progresses. <br /> <br /> A Frenchman is captured by the Portuguese and then captured by an indigenous tribe, the Tupinambas, after they massacre a group of Portuguese. The shaman of the tribe predicted that they would find a strong Portuguese man to cannibalize as revenge for the murder of the chief's brother by a musket ball Portugeuse. Thinking that French is Portuguese, they think they now have one. However, the Frenchman is granted the unrestricted course of the village, sooner or later he is given a wife, and assumes his usual appearance instead of his western clothes or any clothes. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that his prisoner is in fact Portuguese, then assures the indignant Frenchman that he will tell them the truth when he finds a secret treasure that another European has hidden nearby. <br /> <br /> I found the initial scene funny, because its narration associated with its contradictions on the screen serves as a great satire, even if the film does not seem to want to maintain that tone much more often. Actually it's not a terribly fascinating movie. The abundant, essential location, the ferocious way of life and the maturation of the native women make not only the French, but also us, forget any threat and have the feeling that we are a free man. It should not be so terribly difficult to escape. Cannibalism is as lacking in desire as the frontal nudity of the cast, suggested as the representative nucleus of the dry political caricature of Pereira dos Santos of New World mythology and undeveloped social coherence. In any case, this social commentary of the 1500s, filmed in a bay with 365 islands, almost totally nude and written in its entirety in Tupi, encourages the effective breaking of established forms that are topical because they have been repeated for centuries.
