After a story of a love triangle in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, these 3 stars were again chosen in this controversial film. The film would have been considered a success if there was not a controversy with the production values ​​of Bharat Shah. Here, the duo of director Abbas-Mustan did a very different and unique work compared to his previous and later projects. They are considered as the creators of Bollywood suspense. But in this CCCC they proved that they can also handle a romantic family drama. There is hardly a single action scene when Preity was raped by Salman's colleague in his apartment, Salman slapped him. <br /> <br /> The film has almost all the standards and ingredients such as song, history, casting, performances, etc. that are required to make a movie hit. But, of course, for the Salman fan this was a surprise gift from him. Why? Because for so long he has been playing roles in which he has a scene to show his open body and dance la-la-la around him. Your role as a young rich businessman who has a sensible nature and normal attitude is really impressive. After all Madhubala, a prostitute role performed by Preity is incredible. Later, when she also becomes pensive about her life, she deserves due attention. Their facial expressions and body language become more attractive, and the focus is directed primarily at it. Her previous role as a pregnant woman in Kya Kehna was not as moving as it is here. Of course, this can be referred to as improvement. Then Priya, a very innocent and defenseless wife of Raj that only depends on him for a better result. She has no powerful influence on the story, since the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity. <br /> <br /> Finally, the main point of the story is something rare and unique in itself. In the real world of this era, it is not totally impossible to take such a step in the search for a surrogate mother. Maybe, many are happening in this great world where these are kept secret. And in this way, the CCCC scriptwriter has discovered a hidden truth that is happening in the daily lives of others. But still it is a doubt.
