CCCC is the first good Bollywood movie of 2001. When I first saw the movie trailer, I thought it would be a good family movie. I was right. Salman Khan has given the best performance of all time. My family was not very interested in him, but after seeing this movie, my family is very impressed with him. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The movie is going to be a big success because of the three main stars. <br /> <br /> It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya meeting and falling in love. They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they return, Raj and Priya discover that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is full of joy when they learn especially about the Raj given (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family are playing cricket one day and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to have a miscarriage. Raj has a close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that she can not have any more children. Raj and Priya keep this quiet of the family. Raj and Priya decide to go for subrogation. The subrogation for them is that they will find a girl and Raj and that girl will have a baby together and then they will deliver her to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and she accepts. Raj changes Madhubala completley. Raj tells Priya that he has found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They're going to Switzerland to do this so no one finds out. Priya spends the night in a church and Raj and Madhubala are alone and spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and that everyone is happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala comes to love Raj and she loves him. What happens next? Look at CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The only thing I did not like about the movie is his idea of ​​subrogation. They should have done it the right way in the movie, but it did not ruin the movie. It was still excellent. <br /> <br /> The songs in the movie are great. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke," Dekhne Walon Ne "," Deewana Hai Yeh Mann "and" Mehndi. "The song" Mehndi "is very colorful, in that song it shows the ghoura bharai that takes place and is very colorful. The movie deserves 10/10!
