The prolific and highly influential filmmaker Martin Scorsese examines a selection of his favorite American films grouped according to three different types of directors: the director as an illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F. W. Murnau, who created new editing techniques among other changes that made the appearance of sound and color take a step forward; the director as a smuggler: filmmakers such as Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller and, for the most part, Vincente Minnelli, directors who used to disguise rebellious messages in their films; and the director as iconoclast: those filmmakers who attack civil observations and social complexes like Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. <br /> <br /> It shows us how The old system of study in Hollywood was, although oppressive, the way in which filmmakers were progressing in the middle because of the way they were limited by political constraints and financial During his clips of the films he shows us, we not only discover films that we have never seen before that arouse our interest, but also make us see what he sees. He evaluates his stylistic sensitivity together with the directors of the sequences themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a movie canon has been considered a snob, which is why some movie fans and critics prefer to make "lists". However, canon simply denotes "the best" and supporters of the film argue that it is a valuable activity to identify and experience a select compilation of the "best" movies, much like a blockbuster, just like an initial address for film students In general, one's experience has shown that all writings on films, including reviews, work to build a movie canon. Some movie canons can be definitely elitist, but others can be "populist". As an example, the list of the 250 main movies of the Internet Movie Database includes many films included in several canons of "elitist" films, but also presents recent blockbuster movies in Hollywood that mock many "elitists" of films, as The Dark Knight, which currently mixes between the ten In the middle of Godfather's first two films, Schindler's List and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and the fluctuation of similar productions below, such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard , The Terminator and Kill Bill: vol. 2. The writer's taxi driver Scorsese, Paul Schrader, has referred directly to his canon as "elitist" and argues that this is positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese is never particularly vocal about his social and political ideologies, but when we see this intense and undoubtedly obsessive history lesson about the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological realms, we see that really there is no particular virtue in elitism or populism. Elitism concentrates all attention, recognition and, therefore, power in those who are considered outstanding. Such discrimination could easily lead to complacency in the line of condescending work by Jean-Luc Godard or the excessive rationalization of the production practices of a filmmaker like Michael Haneke. However, populism invokes the belief that representative freedom is only an affirmation of the will of the people. As has been stated above about the misconceptions that people have about cinema, populism could be the end of the potential power and impact of cinema. You can only continue watching movies, because it is a vital social and metaphysical practice. And that's what Martin Scorsese spends here almost four hours trying to tell us, something that can not be said without being seen first-hand.
