When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American part of his Century of the Cinema series, he seized the opportunity with both hands. A personal journey through American Movies is fascinating, comprehensive and, as the title says, a very personal look at Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Is the story of Scorcese primarily about Hollywood directors? actors, producers, scriptwriters and other collaborators hardly receive a mention. He says from the beginning that for him the main conflict within the film industry is that of the director's vision and the profit motive of the distributor, between art and commercial viability. It even opens with a clip of The Evil and the Beautiful by Vicente Minnelli, one of the first films to openly explore this contradiction. This dictates the structure of the documentary. Scorcese discusses how genres have become obscured and clichés have been challenged, how dissidents have challenged the production code and how certain filmmakers fell from grace when they dared to be different. However, Scorcese never falls into the trap of directors who dismiss directors who always please studio bosses (praises Cecil B. De Mille), or those who had a less recognizable style but who were nonetheless master craftsmen of the cinema. <Br /> <br /> Scorcese also does not necessarily focus on its absolute favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorcese's greatest influences, only mentioned in passing). Instead, look at the individuals and movies that serve to tell their story. For example, it shows a succession of John Ford films to show how the western evolved. Watch the work of Vincente Minnelli (probably the director of the most referenced documentary) to show how a supposedly healthy genre like the musical could also have darker currents. I can imagine that, if this task had not been limited to the United States, Scorcese would also have liked to speak, for example, his Italian influences or his British hero Michael Powell. As it stands, it expands the definition of American films to include both the Hollywood films of immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of US-born filmmakers that took place elsewhere. like Stanley Kubrick's. <br /> <br /> Instead of simply telling the history of Hollywood chronologically, Scorcese compares films from various eras to address different subjects. In his section on the language and tools of cinema, he begins with DW Griffith, observes the arrival of sound, color and widescreen and, inevitably, goes through computer generated effects that, although Scorcese is not interested in them, It is par ... It was delivered enough to include clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola defending them. However, he simply does not end the chapter here as if this was the end. Instead, he then returns to the 1940s to show how a low budget horror like The Cat People can achieve effective results from the simplest and cheapest elements. <br /> <br /> A personal journey through American Movies has to be one of the best film documentaries made. There were a number of outstanding directors and images that I would never have discovered without him, and even the most experienced movie buffs will probably find something new in their wide reach. Scorcese has also restored the balance of forgotten or undervalued images. I was pleased to see that when he talks about Kubrick in his "Iconoclasts" chapter, he looks at Lolita and Barry Lindon, for me, his two most underestimated films. Scorcese's respect for the medium is shown in the way he allows the clips to play back completely, instead of just giving us small fragments, and interrupts them with talking heads (a combination of file and new interviews) only when necessary. There is a bit of bias towards the 40s and 50s, but that is not surprising since it is the time when Scorcese grew up and discovered cinema. And after all, I do not think this documentary could have been achieved if it had not been a personal journey. <br /> <br /> However, a warning, in his in-depth look at certain images, this documentary contains a few fair spoilers.
