The interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is that it shows that the traditional job interview and the curriculum do not necessarily predict the skills of teamwork, the dedication of tasks and work performance. And they certainly do not reveal any hidden agenda. In other words, a good indicator of potential may be to see a job applicant in action, which is the "Apprentice" point. People who compete for a corporate position can deliver a sugar-coated resume and put on their best personality attire for the interview, but these are not necessarily the best indicator of strengths, weaknesses and performance. <br /> <br /> In short, "The Apprentice" involves 16 candidates competing for the best career opportunity: a position in the investment company of real estate mogul Donald Trump. "The Apprentice" refers to the winner who will gain a salaried position, learn the art of doing high level business from the teacher himself and, presumably, obtain the best corporate connections. The position is a dream come true for those who want to earn more money than the GNP of some foreign countries. To attract the candidates, Trump shows off his private jet, his luxurious private apartments full of statues and works of art, his limousines, his connections with celebrities and other aspects of the life of a billionaire tycoon. <br /> <br /> The road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two competing teams. Each has a corporate sound name, such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams are assigned tasks that involve an enterprising company such as creating advertising, selling merchandise or negotiating. Teams select a project manager who provides the leadership and organization skills to complete the task. If they win, the manager receives a lot of credit, especially in the eyes of the final referee. If they lose, the administrator can also become the scapegoat. Some of the tasks are extremely difficult with only one or two days to complete. Tasks can involve the creation of a television ad or a printed advertisement. Others may involve selling at a retail outlet or on the street. <br /> <br /> The tasks bring out the best and the worst of the participants. They often show immediately who is the most reliable, who is the most reliable and who works hard. And the tasks also expose who is not a good team player, who is inefficient and who seems alone by himself. The tasks invariably reveal in an unexpected way the strengths and weaknesses of the participants and, in particular, of the project manager. The way the manager communicates with the team, the delegates work, organize time and set specific goals will largely determine the outcome, but does not necessarily predict the winner. <br /> <br /> The most revealing aspect of the person. Potential is when he or she is assigned as a project manager. Your real skills, as opposed to your self-propagating abilities, are immediately shown through the face that you can not hide with a $ 100 silk tie or a beautiful makeover. Leadership qualities and / or weaknesses often become agonizingly obvious after only a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as top-notch leaders are not always so strong when placed in a leadership position in real life. It is always easier to "touch your own horn" than to really participate in leadership. Project managers, even those on the winning teams, often do not formulate a cohesive strategy. They often believe that by diving from the bottom to complete the task in the first minute, instead of taking a little time to organize and discuss how the task will be completed, it is more efficient. Most of the time, the members of a badly structured team run like headless chickens that realize as they go, and eventually end up losing much more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team savors the good life, like dining in an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private jet and / or meeting a celebrity. The losing team arrives at the dreaded boardroom where Trump hears the excuses of the members and hits one or more of the participants like pieces of a chessboard with the now infamous "You're fired." Often, the project manager is partially responsible for the loss of the equipment and may be the target of Trump's accusatory rhetoric. Each week, at least one person becomes a victim of the losing team. <br /> <br /> My least favorite aspect of "The Apprentice" is the boardroom. While the tasks themselves reveal the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the boardroom often brings out the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is a winning team and a losing team, even if the competition was close. The members of the losing team begin to accuse each other, often ruthlessly, of who was at fault. And sometimes more than one person is fired. I rarely see a candidate with low performance take responsibility for their actions in the boardroom. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were possibly the only candidates who took full responsibility for their team's losses and did not receive any recognition for this disinterested act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson had the highest integrity of all the candidates. However, Trump saw Kristi as weak and dismissed her, saying that she was not defending herself, which could mean that she values ​​the ego more than integrity. No one should sacrifice their integrity for this. Kristi Frank may not have become an apprentice, but she can live with herself knowing that she did not blame others unfairly. Is not that worth as much as "winning"? <br /> <br /> The strength of "The Apprentice" is also his weakness. Because the performance of the team is strictly evaluated by winners and losers, other evaluation opportunities are overlooked. Except for the huge gaps between winning and losing teams, sometimes a losing team exemplifies a high level of teamwork and efficiency. I have seen sometimes that losing teams are better organized than the winning team. Americans are so obsessed with winning and losing that we often overlook excellence.
