Water Lilies is a first well-made film from France about the sexuality and friendship of young girls. Sciamma works with specialized material, slightly disinfected, which is as unpleasant to some as attractive to others. The film focuses exclusively on three middle-class teenage girls in a new and orderly neighborhood of Paris. Their lives revolve around a large indoor pool where two of the three are part of a synchronized water ballet team. <br /> <br /> Distractions such as parents, siblings, work and school have been carefully eliminated from the equation. The central sensibility belongs to the attractive and skinny Marie (Pauline Acquart), who is not on the team, but thinks she would like to be. Marie adores Floriane (Adèle Haenel), an attractive and outstanding blonde from the team that children are looking for. This takes Marie away from her former best friend, also a member of the water ballet team, the Anne (Louise Blachère), something chubby. Being less special Anne is more accessible for children. Floriane, like this movie, promises a little more than what it really offers. Marie has the most essential quality for a teenager: she suffers internally. Flroiane does not suffer as much as jumping in situations and then shooting out. <br /> <br /> Marie is dazzled by the glamor of the water ballet and Floriane. Floriane takes advantage of this to make Marie first her slave and a cover for her tasks, then, without any other friend, her confidant. All the other girls think that Floriane is a whore, an illusion that encourages men and boys to make fun, because that takes them. She suffers the fate of the pretty girl of not being a person but an object, and can not resist the validation that boys give when they want to kiss and put her to bed, but she does not really care about any of them and knows her. The involvement with them is a trap. Enlisting Marie to act as her friend so that her (invisible) mother does not know that she will go out and meet the children, also makes Marie rescue her from the children later. It seemed the opposite at first, but Floriane needs Marie as much as Marie thinks he needs her. Anne is left with her discomfort with her body and the desire to have a sex more earthly and more real than that of the other girls. <br /> <br /> Keeping the whole external context at bay, Sciamma can highlight the subtle changes in the delicate equation of the three goals and the interactions of the girls. On the other hand, the film's water craze, which includes many showers and spits, as well as underwater swimming shots, makes you feel completely airless at times and that some of your 95 minutes do not pass by so quickly. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and allows the trio to sometimes forget their always present objectives and evasions and simply do silly and useless things. It is the extravagant moments that give life to the film; Too bad there is not more of them. But Sciamma has the courage of his obsessions and what remains when one leaves the theater are the personalities and their dynamics. On the way, of course, it's nice to watch the swim and look at the girls, who understandably love to look at themselves. <br /> <br /> There is not a big revelation or drama on the way, but things get a little more interesting when it turns out that Marie not only admires but really wants Floriane and is jealous of her boyfriends, to whom Floriane always stops before they go all the way. In an irony typical of this type of plot, Floriane actually decides that she wants to have her first real sex with Marie, but Marie is the one who stops, because she knows that it will not have the meaning for Floriane that she will have. to her. When it happens, it's a shy and mechanical issue. Meanwhile, Anne is in love with Francois (Warren Jacquin), a male swimmer, but of course she is behind Floriane. Children are not an item that has been stolen and it seems that there are always several dozens ready by the pool or on the dance floor, but they are only bodies and faces, available stallions.
