The meaning of the French title of this film, "La Naissance des Pieuvres", which literally means "The birth of the octopus", is quite dark, so it is perhaps not surprising that it has been marketed in English-speaking countries as "Lilies of water". "The" lilies "of the title in English are three teenage girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, who are members of a synchronized swimming team based in the suburbs of Paris, and the film is a drama of" coming of age " about the development of their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> One feature of the film, perhaps unusual for a film of this type, is that it concentrates exclusively on the relationships between the young people themselves. Her parents or teachers, and very little of the adult world, the three girls are very different in appearance, and are portrayed as very different in character.The shy and withdrawn Marie is thin and small and seems to be the youngest of the three Anne is something of a simple Jane, Floriane a glamorous blonde who is very popular with boys, all three, along with a handsome male swimmer named François, are involved in what could be described as a love quadrilateral. r /> <br /> Anne has fallen in love with François, but is in love with Floriane, who seems to return her affections, although he is by no means his only male admirer. In fact, not all of Floriane's admirers are men, because Marie is in love with her attractive friend. The film traces the way in which their friendship develops; At first, it seems that Floriane is simply using Marie as a convenient excuse when, in fact, she's dating guys. her parents are probably opposed to her children leaving, but they have no objection to going out with friends. Later, however, we realize that, despite the image of Floriane as the sexy and popular girl who is always the center of male attention, it really corresponds to Marie's feelings. The film reverses some conventional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and rather thick figure, is typically seen as "butch", although she is the only one of the three main characters who is unmistakably heterosexual, while Marie, more conventionally feminine and the glamorous Floriane are lesbian, or less bisexual. <br /> <br /> Films of coming of age are quite common, although most of them tend to avoid the controversial issue of adolescent lesbianism. "Lilies of water", however, treats its subject in a sensitive way, with three very good interpretations of its three main actresses, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationships between the characters, especially between Marie and Floriane, are complex and capable of several interpretations. (Is Floriane, for example, simply using Marie to have sex, or does she really have romantic feelings towards her? Could Floriane's clumsy behavior with Francois and the other children be just a device to hide her lesbian feelings from the outside world? Or even for Did you hide them?) This was the first movie made by his young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at the time); On this basis, it should be considered as a very promising newcomer. 7/10
