This is a romp; many Trek fans do not rate this as high as the well-known classic episodes of all times because it lacks the deep meaning or the really cool bass, but this is so well executed for what it is, as successful as pure entertainment, it always makes my Personal list of half a dozen episodes, no matter what mood I am in. Several well-known future films ("Westworld") and television shows (the most insipid "Fantasy Island") took their lead. the premise of this episode (then, of course, the TNG show renewed the concept with holodeck technology). Beautifully filmed (especially evident in the restored version and on DVD) and directed, it takes place in the beautiful park-like setting of a planet to which the Enterprise has just arrived. It is strange that here there is no animal life, not even insects, (for example, how flowers are pollinated), but things become really strange when the members of the landing group begin to see people from their past (Kirk has a past full of people, It turns out that), as well as figures from other well-known fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-style police revolver (no doubt, that adds to his collection of swords). <br /> <br /> At this point in the Trek series (midway through the first season), the main characters were pretty solidified in the old friends we would have known over many years. Here, we can watch them relax, converse and work together to solve the enigma of this episode: the solid narration is a mystery again, and the audience is ready for the trip while Kirk and his friends try to unravel a very strange situation. Series of events that have a decidedly funny flavor. It is almost capricious, to follow the carefree style established in the starship, since Kirk finally managed to maneuver to emit rays after showing definitive signs of stress and fatigue (it was suggested that the Enterprise completed a terrible mission). Then Dr. McCoy is killed by a knight on horseback; Yes, this is the last episode of Dr. McCoy ... just kidding. But, it's not a joke for the rest of the landing party at this point in history. McCoy really is dead to all intents and, like in the best episodes of Trek, the second half of this adventure rises to a more desperate and desperate rate of action and suspense. All this is signaled by Kirk's resolute response to Sulu, who expresses his lack of understanding of any of these events right after McCoy's death. Kirk will get to the bottom of this, no matter what happens. <br /> <br /> But for Kirk, it's not much easier: what follows is probably the longest hand-to-hand fight in the series as Kirk struggles with his nemesis from his academy days, a fight that seems to have place in the middle of the planet. However, this is offset by scenes of extraordinary tenderness, with another of Kirk's well-known pasts. This episode covers the whole range of human experiences, rather in light of what we learn about the real purpose of this strange planet. It is gratifying that the script really explains everything that happened, unlike a pointless approach that pervades many other fantasy and science fiction series with similar arguments (unexplained appearances of people who possibly could not be there). And there is actually a subtext in the story: that humans need to "relieve" our stresses and fatigue in a particular way, or we just do not function in a "normal" natural way. Also, consider the appearance of the very pretty Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, who did not return until the first Trek movie in '79. I think that after this episode, even more Trek fans could not wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters. But I leave this episode with a final, perhaps tempting, thought: if McCoy was killed (verified by Spock), how do we know it was our real McCoy who returned to the ship? Perhaps this explains why this McCoy was still inspecting starships about a century later and getting along very well with Data.
