Probably one of the best examples of following a dramatic episode of suspense (in this case, the magnificent Balance of Terror) with a lighter affair, Shore Leave is the first real attempt on behalf of the Star Trek writers to produce one more piece entertaining science fiction, and while the formula is still not right in this entry (the real triumph is Trouble with Tribbles, in Season 2), the laughter comes pretty quickly as long as the viewer is willing to allow all the stupidity. <br /> <br /> By deviating from the tradition of the program, the Enterprise has no proper mission in this episode. Instead, Kirk has found a perfect planet for his crew to spend some time off duty: a well-earned break after three months of incessant work. The planet similar to the Earth (a fact related to the budget) is very attractive, but it only takes a few minutes before something strange happens: Dr. McCoy begins to have visions of a white rabbit that seems to come out of the work of Lewis Carroll . Soon, other people begin to experience similar things: a woman meets a character similar to Don Juan, Sulu has an encounter with a samurai, and Kirk faces a double encounter with the past, in the form of almost love and kind who used it to pick it up at the academy. Throw yourself into a freaky, real-looking tiger, and it's easy to see why Kirk and Spock are determined to realize what's going on before someone gets hurt. <br /> <br /> The idea is classic: it is idyllic. be far from the celestial. The humorous version of the episode on the subject is quite successful, is not it so for a dark turn of events that does not fit with the rest (of course, everything works fine again, the end comes) and the lack of general will of the cast to prove it? a more fun side of themselves (especially, and ironically, the hilarious William Shatner). And yet, Shore Leave deserves recognition for being another good example of how writers try to do new and never before seen things: the definition of Star Trek success.
