Another episode of childhood that, as an adult, I look back with a different perspective. This was one of my favorite episodes of childhood, one that really consolidated my adoration of this program. However, to see this episode after 20 years, I would say that it is definitely one of the lightest, played by laughter and fun, instead of the dramatic and well-constructed narrative lines of previous episodes in this, its first and best season. . Maybe this episode was written for a little fan of R & R too! As Mr. Spock would say, the story is simply not logical, but there are some funny lines like, of course, Mr. Spock's last at the end, when he asks the Captain, McCoy and others if they enjoyed their R & R and they respond affirmatively, he raises an eyebrow and says "Fascinating ..." in the only way that Mr. Spock could do that. An interesting story, of course, the idea that an amusement park is really fun (instead of the fake and often annoying "fun" of Disneyland, for example), be able to make one's wishes come true. Really, a great idea but not so well executed. And coming from Theodore Sturgeon, another of the great SF short story writers they used in the first season, one wonders how much the script that Sturgeon delivered was given. <br /> <br /> Now, here's a little bit What I learned on this site: in 1987, James Gunn established the Theodore Sturgeon Award for the best short science fiction story. And I'll quote the rest of this site: in 1968 he {Sturgeon} wrote "The Joy Machine," a third screenplay for the Star Trek television series {Amok Time the Other}, which was never recorded. The main reason why it was not used in the series is that it contained expensive special effects sequences that would be too much for your budget. However, the script was adapted into a book by science fiction writer James Gunn (Star Trek # 80, The Original Series) and published by Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> I would summarize it to say This episode It's still very nice, especially if you do not think too much about it. Just laugh and enjoy it and in the next episode we can return to the serious thing of protecting the universe.
