Hollow Man begins as a brilliant but faulty scientist. Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon) finally discovers how to make things visible again after he has become invisible by his own serum. They test the serum in an already invisible gorilla and it works perfectly, Caine and his team of assistants celebrate, but at the same time he must inform the advance to his military sponsors, Caine wants to be the first invisible human being. He manages to persuade his team to help him and the procedure works well and Caine becomes invisible, however, when they try to recover it, the serum fails and he remains invisible. The team is desperately looking for an antidote, but nothing works. Caine begins to lose control of reality as he realizes the power he has, but can not use it when trapped in a laboratory. But, again, it's an invisible right, it can do whatever it wants ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Paul Verhoeven, I liked Hollow Man. You know it's just after Christmas, I saw it a few hours ago in the cable TV at the end of the morning / early morning, and the worst of all is that I feel bad, not because of the movie but because of the chocolates and the gas pop I've had in the past week so I'm going to be brief. The script of Andrew W. Marlowe has a decent rhythm, but it creeps a little in the middle and has a good central premise, take the basic idea that being invisible will make you go crazy like in the original The Invisible Man (1933). ) movie that Hollow Man obviously owes him a little. He manages to have a small successful mix of horror, science fiction and action and provide good entertainment value for 110 odd minutes. I thought the characters were good, I thought some of the ideas in the film were good, although I think it's generally known that Verhoeven does not deal with subtlety, the first thing the invisible Caine does is sexually annoy one of his team. then, when he enters the outside world, Caine violates a woman with the justification "who will know" that Caine says to himself. Then, of course, there's the gore, it shows a rat being shattered and that's just the opening scene after the credits, to be fair to him, the violence is a bit scarcer this time, but it still has quite a tone unpleasant and sadistic. . Having said that I love horror / blood / exploitation films, so Hollow Man offers them to me, it's just that it may not be a cup of tea for everyone. <br /> <br /> Principal Verhoeven does a great job, or if that is the special effects of the guys make it look good. The special effects in Hollow Man are really spectacular and more or less perfect, brilliant and it's as simple and direct as that. There are also some good pieces of horror and action, even if the climate struggle is a bit exaggerated. I love the effect in which Kevin Bacon disappears one layer at a time, complete with veins, organs and bones in full demonstration or when the opposite happens with the gorilla. There are some bloody moments that include a rat that is eating, someone is impaled on a spike and someone has an open head with blood-spattered results. <br /> <br /> With an amazing budget of approximately $ 95,000,000, Hollow Man is technically impeccable. I can imagine the interviews on the DVD where some of Boffin's special effects say they mapped Bacon's entire body to the last vein they actually made because they know that everyone who watches him will know if one of his veins is missing or if he's in the wrong position. they do not? The acting was good, Bacon was a good character of an antihero kind of mad scientist. <br /> <br /> Hollow Man is one of Hollwood's big-budget extravaganzas, where effects and action occupy a central place in any kind of meaningful story. or the characters, but to be brutally honest, sometimes we all like that in a movie, well, I know. Good solid, big-budget entertainment with a slightly more nasty and darker streak than the usual Hollywood product, definitely worth seeing.
