It seems that many of IMDB's comments about this film are biased, in the sense that they try to compare it with an earlier version. It is true that "HOLLOW MAN" is a new version of "THE INVISIBLE MAN", but that is where the similarities end. "HOLLOW MAN" is an entertaining movie, period. If you watch a movie with the intention of finding as many defects as possible, then you should not watch movies in the first place. It is true that some movies are simply horrendous and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to entertain you and make you think what YOU would do if you were invisible and if you had your ex with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon plays an eccentric scientist who, together with a team of collaborators, discovers the way to make animals invisible. Now your mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (working, as you might imagine, for the Pentagon) believe that they have the formula to make the animals visible again, Kevin Bacon volunteers to be the first to try the new experimental drug. After that, of course, things go wrong, since Kevin Bacon remains invisible to the rest of the film and is forced to wear a latex mask, so his collaborators know where he is. The feelings of paranoia and despair begin to take over the character of Kevin, and when he finds out that his ex-girlfriend AND collaborator (Elisabeth Shue) is having a torrid affair with another of the team's young scientists, in the end, he breaks up. The film then becomes a hybrid of "ALIEN" and a slasher movie, but that does not mean it's a bad turn. There are chills and chills and the film is moving at a good pace. The special effects are first class (a quality that always prevails in ALL Paul Verhoeven's films), since we can see some sequences of "body reconstitution" never before seen in a movie. If there is anything to complain about, perhaps, it is the predictability of the situations in this document; For the first hour of the movie, you KNOW that Kevin Bacon will make the leap from being weird and eccentric to being a homicidal lunatic at the end. And the end is a little abrupt, but despite this, HOLLOW MAN is still worth it. If you want to know what a really TRUE movie is, waste your money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or, what is worse, THE DISMISSED (or "Sasquatsh", with Land Henriksen). Now THAT is "hollow"! 8 * out of 10 *!
