This is a porn movie of the nature of the race. For porn, I do not mean sex. I mean free images of (for example) thousands of birds together, or hundreds of walruses, or a giant waterfall or iceberg. Several of the shots in the film seem to exist only to make their way into the trailer, to get people into theaters to watch it for the previous ten seconds, before it disappears, and never to see each other again for the rest of the movie. the movie. <Br /> <br /> There is almost no plot in this movie. He was told to wait for a story of three animal families, "better than March of the Penguins," the movie simply does not show up. The fault is based on three key areas: (1) the writers who gave James Earl Jones some of the worst lines to narrate in the history of nature's cinema, (2) the music team that dramatized everything to tell you what that you should be feeling, even when the film fails to motivate, and last but most importantly (3) the editors who had the story jump from one place to another without rhyme or reason, without continuity, without flow, taking away the life of the whole movie - a movie about life. When we got to the whales in the middle of the movie, I sank into my seat with fear, hoping against hope that the movie was more than half full, and that I could survive the long endurance test along with the animals on the screen. <br /> <br /> Neither was there almost science in the movie. They attributed the heat and cold (all this, not just the seasons) only to the tilt of the Earth, ignoring the fact that we would have even greater extremes of location if there were no inclination because the poles would never heat up. And it would be worse if we did not have rotation (in relation to the revolution) like Mercury, because half of the planet would be baked and the other half would freeze. Then, near the end, they used the phrase "humans and animals," as if humans were not animals, somehow exempt from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> <br /> However, I must acknowledge the work of the camera, and again that's why I call it natural pornography. Everything, from a super slow camera to what appears to be a mechanically controlled and precisely tuned time lapse photograph, was put to use to provide some (and I warn, only "some") breathtaking moments that do raise the bar in comparison with Other films of nature. That said, I'm not convinced that everything was nature on the screen. Some of the shots that show the great waterhole of Africa, since it changed from one season to another, I found CGI. A director might have expected such suspicion and created other shots to show that everything is natural, but they did not. <br /> <br /> For a movie about Earth, I expected much more from Earth to be shown. What we saw was pristine. We had to take the narrator's word so that some species are at risk due to climate changes. They did not show us evidence of it. They did not show us the poisonous tailings ponds of Alberta visible from space. They did not show us the big pile of garbage from the Pacific. They did not show us a nocturnal image of human light pollution on the entire planet. These are both Earth and anything else. Why cover it for a good face wash? <br /> <br /> My last criticism of the content is of predation. Each time a predator was shown on the screen preying, the music became almost that Mt Doom scene from The Lord of the Rings, with the predator represented as a kind of evil Sauron character. But predators are not evil. They perform a necessary service, ensuring that the best members of the prey species survive. We are predators ourselves. Every time the predator caught the prey, we immediately cut something else, to pretend that death and food do not really happen. The final insult was that the "dad" of the polar bear was left to die after he dared to try to eat. "Bad bear! Bad!" You can almost hear them say. <br /> <br /> To the presentation itself. My theater may be partly to blame for this, but maybe not. I expected to see something more clearly than I could see on my own LCD HDTV at home. But the image was blurry, and it was presented in the same ratio of 16: 9 that I could get at home, rather than the larger proportion of many movies these days. And during a scene full of action near the end, the movie (I can not imagine this happening digitally, because of its appearance) was damaged, and we lost some of the colors, eventually we fainted completely. That repeats about three times. <br /> <br /> If you really plant a tree in my name, it will be worth it. But how will I know?
