The spoiler warning is for those people who want to see for themselves what animals and landscapes pass before their eyes, although I do not mention it in great detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is approx. A 90 minute film version based on "Planet Earth", which I saw on BBC television. The TV version was narrated by David Attenborough, a captivating commentator, who would have wished he had also done it for "Earth", but it's Patrick Stewart, Star. Captain Picard de Trek. There are regular shots of Earth from space, so it may be appropriate. In any case, he has a quite pleasant and calm voice for it. There are 12 chapters in which we follow animal life on Earth from the North Pole to Antarctica. 3 animal families, polar bear, elephant and whale, appear in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" begins with an indication of how far from the north or equator it is. We see something of each type of animal, but only mammals and birds, and some fish, and some beautiful shots of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungles, an almost perfect presentation of the variety of life, landscapes and climates on earth. It gives you the impression that our planet is only inhabited by animals: people or towns or cities are not in the film, so it is a typical documentary of nature, but it is incredibly recorded and accompanied by lovely music. When the movie premiered, I knew it would end too soon for me. It is a family movie, so there are no brutal murders of any animal. When his hunter catches one, the shot ends and in other cases where we see that the prey is caught, it is shot in slow motion, which makes it less violent and visible to young children (age limit 6 in the countries). Low). There is no blood spilled. Some scenes (newborn animals) are really cute and will be adored by children. It seems like a movie of a common nature, but when you know how many days of filming you spent (4000) and how much money it has cost, it becomes an even more surprising piece of beauty. It had its Dutch premiere yesterday, a month before the actual release, in a 500-seat cinema, of which 15 were taken. True beauty is rarely interesting to moviegoers, it seems. As I knew the television series, of course I was very curious if my favorite scenes would come to this movie. Some did not, but the most impressive shots (big waterfalls) yes, luckily. It was the first time I cried in a nature movie.
