I have not heard anything but great things about the 2006 television miniseries, "Planet Earth," narrated by my childhood idol David Attenborough. However, whether it was screened here in Australia or not, I never reached it, and when I had the opportunity to see 'Earth (2007)'? A compilation of a feature film of the same nature? On the big screen, I took the opportunity. The theater was basically empty; only another employer sat in the row in front of me, and it was as if I had, not only the big screen for me, but also the entire planet Earth. For 90 minutes, I immersed myself in the beauty and dangers of the isolated desert, among some of the most beautiful living creatures ever captured in a movie. Impressive in its scope, and yet sometimes painfully intimate, 'the Earth' is a sincere plea from the filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet, and how the intrusion of humans has put countless of glorious species of animals and plants of extinction. <br /> <br /> Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, obviously argues about the preservation of the desert, it refrains from hitting us in the head with propaganda, and the enigma of politics is completely ignored; in fact, there is no human in sight. Instead, they simply take us on an impressive journey to the majesty of the natural world, to experience the endurance and also the fragility of life on Earth. I heard that the original miniseries, which had eleven episodes, goes much deeper into the scientific background of the global ecosystems, but I think that, here, the filmmakers made a wise decision to replace the information with an emotional impact: I can 'I remember the last time I felt so inspired and yet completely disconsolate at the same time. By establishing an emotional link between the audience and a few selected individual animals, anthropomorphizing them to some extent, we are suddenly able to appreciate the "human side" of each species, and its difficult survival situation becomes less a statistic and more unacceptable tragedy. <br /> <br /> 'The Earth' is basically composed of a selection of dramatic episodes, whether it be a polar bear's struggle to guide its young puppies to Arctic ice, or the tramp of a herd of elephants the seasonal floods that save lives from the Okavango delta. The documentary demonstrates the delicate balance between life and death, most heartbreakingly displayed in the desperate ballet of predator-prey interactions. Although occasionally, perhaps to cater to a younger audience, the images shorten at the crucial moment, I regularly shed tears at the inevitability of death in nature and the raw instinct that feeds the final and useless survival efforts of these animals . You can even find an unforgettable beauty in the hunt, both in the slow motion filming of a cheetah that knocked down its prey (the result of a single false step), and in the majestic jump in the air of a great white shark . swallows an unfortunate sea lion. It is this fragile balance that has been fatally interrupted by the selfishness of our own species. <br /> <br /> In addition to these main stories, we also receive brief snippets of wildlife from around the world, including the birds of Paradise of Papua New Guinea and the autumnal migration of demoiselle cranes. Of course, complete films could have been dedicated only to these species, and an inevitable consequence of having to analyze so many images is that some interesting ecosystems were quickly overlooked. When choosing to focus more closely on the polar bear, the elephant and the humpback whale? Tracing their lifestyles, through an amazing high-definition time lapse photograph, over a calendar year? The filmmakers were able to avoid any structural problems that could arise from having so much to show, and only 90 minutes to prove it. As a result, 'The Earth' left me thirsting for more and, fortunately, now I have about eleven hours more, as soon as I can trace a copy of the DVD set for 'Planet Earth'. Inspiring and moving, impressive and heartbreaking, 'Earth' is a truly magnificent documentary experience, and could be my favorite movie of 2007.
