The City Council takes the policy of a city instead of a country, state or any type of important political table. Granted, it shines in New York City, which is a big political stage, especially today, but it still goes down a smaller scale and puts the microscope on a few key players in a city-wide scandal that stumbled upon the right hand of the mayor. The director Harold Becker is a director very familiar with the elements of the thriller that Mercury Rising, Malice and Domestic Disturbance have done and I think that, in many ways, it incorporates many of the suspense genres that are almost a fault. I mean City Hall is destined to be a political drama, not a thriller, but when everything is said and done, and once you get to the meat and the potatoes of the movie, it seems like a thriller, but decent. important part of the recipe that immediately makes it stand out ... what else ... or rather who ... Al Pacino. The film begins with a really good vision of life in the mayor's office and the inner workings of the city. As the film continues, it broadens its political spectrum to include a democratic chief and his connections, and then presents us with some of the events within the city. As the events unfold, a mystery begins and the political aspect remains as background, but still has a brilliant configuration. <br /> <br /> I do not like talking about Al Pacino. I mean, even if I ONCE did not perform well, how could I say it? Man is acting royalty. There is something bright in all his behavior. In the Town Hall of Pacino interprets the mayor of the city of New York. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately appears to be a very prominent politician. It also offers one of the most powerful and attractive speeches I've seen at the funeral of 'James Bone'. I went back to that speech four times and the first time I saw Pacino give it, my mouth opened and I almost wanted to get up and applaud. His brilliant and brilliant writing delivered by Pacino. John Cusack, whom I really enjoy as an actor, becomes a mediocre and exaggerated performance like Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. It's the kind of focus of the film and he and Pacino have good chemistry together when they're on the screen, but there's something in this performance ... it seems that he's trying too hard. His accent is simply weird, and although he is supposed to be fierce and intimidating, he seems unable to do so. Maybe he was having a movie out of the picture. Bridget Fonda, coming out of her high-point stardom, does a good job as an attorney for the widowed policewoman Marybeth Cogan. His performance is very similar to that of Cusack in that it seems that he does not find his rhythm with this character. Danny Aiello is fantastic, although his character is little explored as a democratic leader with ties to the Frank Anselmo mafia. Martin Landau makes a decent cameo as judge under scrutiny Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The problem with the City Council is evident in my review of the characters and actors. Everyone is ... well. There are a lot of previous stories that they try to reveal without really showing them and, unfortunately, they leave you a little confused about the whole conspiracy. And, of course, he has Al Pacino in a fairly small supporting role, but he's absolutely brilliant at that and eclipses and eclipses all the other actors in the film. It almost feels as if they are intimidated by him being on screen with them. So the City Hall could have been this huge drama / political epic thriller, but it felt reduced and moderated to an average mill career BUT it must still be seen for Pacino and take a different turn to the inner workings of politics. If you do not see this movie, find Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral because the electric word does not seem to give him justice, but he can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible because in a mediocre movie he gets this great amount of A speech and it makes you feel it. If you are a fan of John Cusack, I am ... he has definitely done better, but he is the main character and, in general, he does it justice. A decent movie but unfortunately a potential loss. 7.5 / 10
