['The film is about a classic theme. In fact, it is the subject exploited by Batman, from beginning to end, but in real details and data. The mayor of New York, appreciated and very diligent and dynamic, in order to get a project a little faster than normal, generates some pressure from some private business contractors on a criminal drug dealer who should have been sent and kept in prison. In turn, he pressures the judge to release him on parole despite a negative conditional release report that disappears but is not destroyed, either because of the political value it represents. And what was going to happen happens and some people, including a black schoolboy, die in a shooting between a police detective and that criminal. The city can explode because of this: the racial tension due to the black school child and the social tension due to the insecurity that these criminals have to wander and continue with their criminal activities represent for the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show that tension very well and follows the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to discover the truth and discovers it. But on the way they kill a few witnesses, and those who have played some role in the whole business are forced to retire (the judge), to end their career and their life (the contractor or the contractor), an official public that he was ready to deliver the missing parole report and some shadowy character after he provided crucial information. The mayor himself retires and takes a long vacation; But the main interest of the film is in the exploration of the contortions that the mayor is doing to cover up the problem and the contortions that he remembers to have done in the past that led to the error on this case of parole. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and that everything is gray that is never comfortable for decision makers is invoked as an excuse to make wrong but profitable decisions. We are not talking about the compromises necessary to reach a certain consensus in some domains that are crucial for the public interest. We are talking about considering it less important to make a bad decision about some petty or supposedly petty criminal than some infrastructure or economic project in the city. That&#39;s not typical of New York. That is true in any office of the mayor&#39;s office. It is only more important in quantity and quality in a large metropolitan area like New York and, of course, in a city or country where the police departments are municipal and are controlled by political imperatives. The young deputy mayor is thus removing the old mayor, and he thwarts his ambition to be the governor of New York to become the president of the United States. The mayor is perfect because of the incarnation that Al Pacino offers us, since he can express ten minutes of dialogue with a facial expression that makes all the dialogue useless. I find the end a bit lax with the former deputy mayor who campaigns on his own behalf. That seems to mean he was so attached to justice because he saw his chance to turn the mayor away from his own path. Therefore, he is not better than everyone else, he is simply too young in his ambition. <br /><br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University Versailles Saint Quentin in Yvelines']
