Wow ... 5 more hours of Riget. Lars continues the great combination of occult drama, dark horror and telenovela. Returning exactly where the last episode of the previous series stopped (complete with the same intensity and suspense, although that does not last, for better or for worse), this installation in the franchise seems somewhat more in keeping with the rush ... last series, seemed to spend a day or a week between each episode, while in this, clearly is a long stretch ... where one episode ends, the next begins. You can say a lot about Lars von Trier ... but he's very diverse and quite eccentric. Both qualities are shown in this. The plot continues with its excellence, now it gives more attention to some regular characters who were minor players in the four previous episodes. Basically, all the characters from the first laps, at least in regards to the main roles. The pace is not as sharp as in the first part, and I found myself less caught by it. However, this does not mean that this did not involve me ... I was still constantly observing, and reacting energetically at several points, often out loud, to what was happening (extremely unusual behavior for me, since I am a person incredibly silent), as I was during the first one. Like the first one, this also brings some loaded ethical questions. Based on the foundations from the beginning, this takes the story further ... and being a sequel, the scope is also greater. Grander More spirits, more strange occurrences, more subplots. The strong graphic material of the first one also returns, and a notch has been increased. The characters develop even more. The performance is incredible, like that of the first ones. Udo Kier solidifies his immense talent, to anyone who doubted it. Performing a very difficult character (anyone who has seen the first series can probably understand what I mean) * and * act in a language that did not speak (later it was nicknamed) ... and still deliver such a strong voice acting . The cinematography is still excellent, and it is still very portable, with fast approaches and occasional long shots. The editing is sharp, with some direct cuts in the sound (although these were more prominent in the first). Now, with all that said, I would really like to be able to rate this 10 perfect ... or at least just below, like the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching, and I do not regret it in the least. But this has shortcomings ... those that had the first part and more. Like the first, humor only takes up too much space ... and this time, it's even worse. There are several new regular characters who are there for the sole reason of providing comic relief ... three of them, no less. The scenes are configured and executed for no other reason than to make the audience laugh. It's fine for a comedy, but what are you doing in such a dark and unpleasant scene, yes, nothing less than sadistic at times, a piece of terror? The lonely and secret hiding place of Helmer's loneliness is changed from the roof of the hospital ... from which he could see his beloved Sweden ... to a bath. With an angle from inside the bowl. No, you read well. In general, humor seems lower ... more jokes of bodily and sexual function, which, again, raises the question "Why?". While most of the writing is excellent, part of it is downright serious. Basically, several scenes of the first miniseries are copied (one could suppose due to its popularity when it was issued). Sometimes, the drama seems a little more grandiloquent than the first one, and sometimes it jumps too much. Fortunately, rarely, but remarkably, the points and elements of the plot are explained too easily (a certain character who lives in Denmark for no apparent reason, for example ... anyone who has seen it knows who I am talking about). The two dishwashers, though still mysterious and insightful, become a trick too ... too overexposed, in the end, I suppose. However, most of the scenes with them are still nice. On top of that, I want to assure any reader of this that despite all the negative things that I just wrote to you, this is still mostly good ... definitely nice, compelling, powerful ... and in my humble opinion, Definitely, it should be seen by anyone who liked the first one (although if it belongs to that group, do not expect to feel that the story ends after seeing this more than it did after the first one). I recommend it to any fan of Lars von Trier and anyone who has enjoyed the first Riget and wants more of where it came from. I urge anyone who is even considering seeing this to make sure they have seen everything first before you ... I bought this before buying the first, but I was reluctant to see it until I bought the first one and saw it. and I can not tell you how happy I am that I have done it. Although this presents a brief summary of the events of the first, there is an immense amount of details and aspects that would be lost if I did not see them before seeing this. A slightly smaller sequel, but definitely one to see if you liked the first one. 8/10
