There is danger with the critic / philosopher Slavoj Zizek with his film, directed by Sophie Fiennes, which brings together a wonderful amalgam of suspense, silence, horror, science fiction, surrealism and other contemporary thrillers to make their Freudian points of comparison overloaded. But in the Pervert Film Guide, it also makes the points of greater scope a starting point for any other analysis I've seen in a collective section of movies. While it does not cover the extensive territory covered by Scorsese's documentaries, the same attachments are there, and Zizek has a definite love for all these "perverse" examples and films, mainly the work of Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. However, one should not go to see this; if he can find it, I have to see it almost by luck, thinking that Zizek will only try to dissect all the psycho-sexual parts or parts that refer him in an obtuse, disorderly way. way. If something is opened to points that could never be considered otherwise, one would think that three of the Marx brothers are representations of Id, Super-Ego and Ego (Harpo's example is the most direct for me). <Br /> <br /> However, it is not only one of the classics, but also considers the theme of thought in The Matrix and Fight Club, in representations of the division between fantasy and reality, and if the matrix needs so much energy as energy needs the matrix of the first, and in the attachment to violence when dealing with one's own self, as well as with those that are duplicated in the second. He even throws a piece of the crucial moment in Revenge of the Sith when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and the implications of avoiding fatherhood under that backing mask at the moment when the births of his children take place elsewhere. The ideals of fatherhood, male sexuality, the masculine point of view to turn fantasy into reality (moment in which Zizek aptly points out the moment of the creation of a nightmare), and feminine subjectivity, are explored perhaps with the vertigo. This also applies to a scene that Zizek deconstructs as if it were the Zapruder film, in which he dissects the three conflicting points of the psycho-sexual posture in the scene "do not look at me" in Blue Velvet. <br /> <br /> Now it would be one thing if Zizek himself made these points sincere, excited and in some way plausible, just in front of the camera or mainly in voiceover as Scorsese does. But it goes one step further to accentuate its points of fantasy and reality, and how they overlap, intersect, become the same, or propagate more crucially in some sense of the lower or primordial world for some characters (ie , Lost Highway) putting itself. In the places where the movies take place. The most fun is to see it for the first time in the boat "heading" towards the same dock as Tippi Hedren's boat goes to the beginning of the Birds; Equally fun is that while watering the blue velvet lawn, he continues to explain Frank Booth's multifaceted points; Only one, when it is in a territory similar to Solaris, seems a bit corny. But Zizek seems to be having a lot of fun with this setup, and after a while one overlooks the gist of this trick and the words of Zizek arrive. <br /> <br /> There were some movies that, of course, I've been expecting, mainly from Hitchcock and Lynch, but a delight for movie lovers comes from seeing two things: the movies you would never think of seeing in a movie about films titled Pervert's Guide of Cinema (the two best ones for me would be the Disney cartoon Pluto and the exhibition about Chaplin's films, although with a great note about the power and distinction of "voice", and those that still they have not seen each other (that is, the ventriloquist horror film, Dr. Mabuse, Stalker, among others) that inspire immediate feelings of 'wow, I have to see that immediately, without questions.' Zizek is a powerful writer with his work and presents it with a clarity that reminds us why we watch movies in the first place, to entertain us, of course, but also to have that real experience of sitting and having something up there, as he put it, looking at a toilet. Mind be one of the best films about cinema, and in such a splendidly narrow analysis of how Freud makes his way into the films related to desire, the Id / Super-Ego / Ego and the supernatural in fantasy, that maybe never go to S. ..but the distribution is finally activated, even if only at the smallest levels.
