"Cinema is the latest in perverted art, it does not give you what you want, it tells you how to desire." <br /> <br /> Thus begins the "Perverted Film Guide", in which the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek applies his Freudian / Lacanian scalpel to world cinema. This three-part film is the second feature-length documentary directed by Sophie Fiennes (yes, sister of Ralph and Joseph), and it's a remarkable achievement, with 2 1/2 hours of talk from a man and yet it's still funny and attractive. throughout. In essence, it's an extended film conference, and one of the best you can have. In the course of the film, Zizek guides us through a catalog of obsession and desire in the history of cinema. He plays more than 40 films and, in particular, spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, Marx Brothers and Eisenstein. But he also looks closely at "Person," "The Conversation," "Three Colors: Blue," "Dogville," "Fight Club," and "The Exorcist." Thematically, Zizek's research on cinema ranges from thoughts about the death impulse to the "coordinates of desire" and from Gnosticism to "partial objects". <br /> <br /> "The pervert's guide" will be a slightly better experience if you have taken a few minutes to update your basic Freudian terminology. However, even if he is not steeped in psychoanalytic theory, Zizek's dynamic and funny personality takes the film forward with such enthusiasm that he is not likely to oppose specialized jargon. The film often cuts from movie clips to Zizek images * inside * the movie you're talking about, that is, in the original locations and settings. The transitions in these sequences sustain such tension and humor that the trick never ages. And Zizek himself constantly makes us laugh, either because of strange jokes or because of his enthusiastic insistence on, for example, a bold oedipal interpretation of "The Birds". And this attitude of going ahead and laughing, both on the part of Fiennes and Zizek, is essential for the gonzo character of the film. It's the spoonful of sugar that helps us digest Zizek's strange medicine. After all, do not we have the feeling that, beyond a certain point, psychology theorists are just pulling their legs?
