He is robust, sweaty, a little cross-eyed and restless. He stands in front of us and is called pervert. He claims that we? The viewers of the movie? He perceives the screen as a toilet bowl, and everyone is secretly wishing that all weapons explode from the inside. It is unpredictable and terrifying. All right??? Come on, you would have guessed it: he is one of the main philosophers of our era. <br /> <br /> Slavoj? I ?? ek is both narrator and subject of the extraordinary new film by Sophie Fiennes. A guide of perverts for the cinema. Fiennes illustrates a long-term conference of ?? i ?? ek, and does it in two ways: by providing exemplary movie clips and placing? i ?? ek in real (or reconstructed) places of the films he talks about. It is always nice to see scenes with subtitles of great movies (although Revenge of the Sith also arrived here), but the main attraction of the Guide of a pervert? is the same. What makes the film so fun to watch is the unanswered question that one can not help but ask again and again: what is more outrageous, the views of "i" ek or the presence of "i? Ek "? In a documentary by Astra Taylor (?? i ?? ek! 05), the Slovenian philosopher at one point confessed his fear of silence. Because, according to him, he feels that he does not exist in the first place, the only way to make everyone else believe is to talk constantly and feverishly. And spoke he did it, and how. Also a perverted guide? Is he dominated by his voice? Deliver the perfect English in the most crazy way and make some amazing points about the cinema. <br /> <br /> What are those? Well, for example, you see Chaplin's reluctance to talk about image as a sign of a universal fear of the voice itself (a kind of alien force that takes over the human being?) Think of the ventriloquist segment of Dead of Night [Four. Five]). He says that the perverse nature of cinema is to teach us to desire certain objects, not to provide ourselves. He identifies Groucho Marx as super ego, Chico as ego and Harpo as id. He says a million other interesting things, and all the time we can not take our eyes off him, so his appearance is so persuasive (and captivating). At some point I could not help looking at his thick, disheveled hair and wondering what kind of brain is stored underneath. I hope, of course, for more ideas. <br /> <br /> The most notable are Lynk's Lynch and Hitchcock readings (which is not surprising, since he has written about both). The cumulative effect of many clips brilliantly edited from their respective work made those parts of the "i? Ek's" conference memorable and? not like the others ?? It is difficult to argue with him, since it seems that he has really hit on these two directors. This is not valid for his reading of Tarkovsky, for example, to one who implacably imposes his own materialist vision of reality, discarding precisely what is so remarkable in all Tarkovsky (namely, strong intuitions and religious images). <br /> <br /> The question is not whether? i ?? ek is inspiring and brilliant, because it is; or if it's worth watching the Fiennes movie, because it's the same. The real question is rather: are opinions coherent? One smart observation after another is an overwhelming intellectual journey, but after everything is over, some doubts remain. For example: while considering Vertigo (58), which says that what is hidden behind the human face is a perfect void, which makes the face only a facade: a kind of deception on its own. However, when in the final sequence we hear that the increasingly impressive ending of City Lights (31) is a portrait of a human being completely exposed to another, it is difficult not to ask: what happened to the entire façade? ? Why should we give Chaplin the intrinsic value of reality and deprive Kim Novak of this same privilege with two audacious blows? Or maybe that incoherence could also be read in Lacan's terms? (The name of the notoriously "illegible" French psychoanalyst is fundamental to the thought of 'i? Ek'). The film has all the virtues of a splendid conference of two and a half hours: it covers a lot of ground, many employee perspectives, even some top quality jokes made (when ?? i ?? ek travels on a boat from Melanie Daniels from The Birds [63] and tries to think as she did, he says: "I want f ** Mitch!"). But it also has a flaw that is not inherent in a two and a half hour conference as such: it is almost obsessively digressive. The thread of IK on how far we are from the real is as good as any other psychoanalytic thread, but after about 80 minutes it becomes quite clear that one of the perverse pleasures of ?? i ?? ek is rambling again and again. , changing subjects constantly. The general effect is to be dragged by a giant, cold and effervescent wave: at the same time it surprises you, you cool off, you are in mortal danger and do not confuse the end. When you finish watching, your head is full of ideas that are not your own and you are already planning to see some movies again. but you also share the feeling of having survived a calamity. <br /> <br /> The final question is: did I lose it? Or have we not come close to reality? Once the cinephilia is punished with imprisonment, we will all meet in a single large cell and, finally, we will talk among ourselves (without having any film around to become our faces). I challenge them all: who will have the guts to approach and challenge him? My guess is that once you look at those eyes in real life, you become a believer.
