Her Deadly Rival (1995): Starring Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Rome Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lori Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford ... Director James Hayman, Screenplay Dan Vining. <br /> <br /> Actor Harry Hamlin (from LA Law, Clash of The Titans and other films) is perfectly seen in this "Lifetime" movie directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife Lisa Rinna will work later on in a movie about sex addiction. "Her Deadly Rival" is, at first glance, similar to Hollywood's best known blockbuster "Fatal Attraction." In "Rival," the happily married couple Jim and Kris Lanford move into a new home in the typically beautiful suburbs. They have the seemingly perfect marriage: they are deeply in love, despite a routine lifestyle. But then a mysterious admirer sets his eyes on Jim. Her identity is never revealed, despite Jim's and even the researchers' attempt to discover who she is. She constantly harasses Jim through phone calls and letters. His marriage almost fails when his wife begins to think he is having an affair and is trying to cover it up. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the cast (Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair) seem to be out of a telenovela. But this is a drama full of suspense and has its good moments. There is a turn at the end. Spoiler alert. All I have to say is that "her mortal rival" was just her. Based on a supposedly real case, Jim's wife, Kris, suffered a multiple personality disorder and that was what ruined her marriage. Even if the story is not terribly impressive, even if the performance is just one step above the telenovela, this movie has its moments. Especially touching are the intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the final scene in which, when Jim discovers the truth, he can not believe what he just heard. The movie is probably a little too long and boring in some places, but it's the kind of TV movie that generally works well, especially on Lifetime, which continues to produce such films, the kind of "domestic thriller" or stories of seduction . Garbage but everyone likes garbage.
