Everyone has a first love, and although it is difficult to define that feeling when you are younger, it is there, aching inside you. That's what Malaysian filmmaker Yasmin Ahmad aims to demonstrate in his fourth film, a film in which most complex emotions are told in a seemingly simple and direct way. <br /> <br /> Such an approach is especially convenient in this case. As the love story at the core of the film involves two twelve-year-old children, and therefore, any attempt at "deeper" analysis would seem artificial and pretentious. That they do not also is a testament to the amazing performances given by the main non-actors, Sharifah Aryana and Mohd Syafie Naswip. The old Orked (already seen as an adult character in Ahmad's previous photo, Gubra), a cheerful and almost rebellious girl who, perhaps influenced by her "British" education (her mother studied in England), despises playing with dolls, preferring Practice violent sports with the kids. Then, one day, he meets Mukhsin (Naswip), who has come to spend the holidays at his aunt's house, and suddenly changes his habits: goodbye fist fights, hello riding a bike and climbing trees. But what does this mean? Are they just friends, or is it something more implicit, something that neither of you is still ready to understand, let alone accept? <br /> <br /> Given the young age of the protagonists, answering those questions is almost impossible, and just like in several "smaller" films (Lost in Translation comes to mind), there is no real closure , an option that leaves a bittersweet taste, but that ultimately satisfies the taste: the naturalistic act, without filter (especially that of Aryana) reaches the heart almost immediately. , and a strong supporting cast (Orked's family above all) helps keep the minimalist narrative fun and seductive. The practical approach is not always so effective (the hilarious secondary point with respect to an adulterous neighbor falls too soon), and it is difficult to justify the strange reference of Pulp Fiction at the beginning of the show, but the emotional strength of adolescent romance is enough to make this an interesting piece of independent Asian cinema.
