The film begins in a classroom where, of course, our main actress, Orked, was seen in a Chinese language class. Later in the film, he was asked why (for Mukhsin) he was sent to learn Mandarin. His answer was simple for a girl who is; because she already knows the Malay language well. <br /> <br /> It's a bit of romance, you can think about it, but once you've stopped to read too many reviews and you cheer up, you'll notice. The typical elements of Malaysia. The film focuses mainly on Orked, 10, who met Mukhsin, aged 12, in a game in which many would consider it a children's game. When running out of players, Mukhsin (who was new to that village) was forced to allow Orked to enter the game, in which she enthusiastically showed her masculine side. Orked is not such a common girl as she shows more of the masculine behavior you'll see in the film, defending Mukhsin from a very violent encounter with his school thugs, throwing one of the bully's bags from the school bus window, throwing he punches and kicks Mukhsin's brother where, after joking with Mukhsin, and so on. They were both incredible friends, and they stay closer than that, but with a little misunderstanding in which most of us would respond in the same way, we separated them until the day Mukhsin left the city. <br /> <br /> Now the film shows the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they started as friends, but they slowly evolved into a closer relationship and then towards BGR. Notaries, the changes that Yasmin made in the movies for each of the main actors and the actress when they go through love. The different character was portrayed with enthusiasm and soft humor. The scenes were all random, but they showed so much reality that you would be stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love the movie for what it is, and not because you want to be patriotic with local scenes, because it means so much more. <br /> <br /> As the film envelops the two birds of love, she also manages to find her lens towards Orked's parents, her mother who was educated in England, speaks English very well and, in In this sense, her husband and the caretaker of the house try to replicate their own kind of English, which was humor. all the way in fact. Let me explain why humor can be such a prominent thing in this movie. And that explanation or description that can represent can be given in a single word and that is RANDOM. Often, more than not, we do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do, we do it at the expense of others. It is like what Jack Neo's film Just Follow Law would have mentioned: often, when we are ourselves, we do not see the person we have in us, but when we are in the body of another person, we would only do it. Learn to see who we really are. And that's how humor is applied, more than just dignity. <br /> <br /> The film was filled with such randomness that the typical events of our routine life as we carried them out could be completely full. laugh if we want it to be. <br /> <br /> The other focus of this film was how the neighbor of Orked, a couple in which the husband no longer loves his wife and wanted to find another. Pak Koboi, as he had seen it after, was seen polishing his bike every day and taking him out for a walk with his newly found girlfriend. The producer did not stop showing you maybe why the husband wanted to find another wife. The wife was a true thrower or KPC as we called the Chinese, having interrupted the affairs of other people and sending his own daughter to joke with Orked with words that only adults would use. After all, what goes, comes, and that is probably the reason why bad things want to happen to him. At all times, being nice to the people around you will not hurt you at all, unless you have an ego to protect, but again, how much is it worth? The film also focuses on Mukhsin's brother, Hussein, who went out into the city every day until late at night, smoked, drank and also found "girls". He is the opposite of Mukhsin, but that is all due to family problems. The two brothers stayed with their aunt and the parents were away from them. I will not reveal more of the story, since it would ruin the interest in wanting to discover it for yourself, but the least of all the elements in which the producer wanted to send a message to the viewers is our life. everyone. She wanted us, at least to see life from our own perspective when we are not ourselves. The films, somehow, take us out of our own body, place us in the position of the character and use our empty mind to then see their events. Depending on the type and genre of the film, you will be hypnotized by the way a good movie like this would represent and would have a significant impact on you.
