Mukhsin is a beautiful film about a first love story. Probably everyone has one, and this is the story of writer-director Yasmin Ahmad, with a boy named Mukhsin. We know that his films have been semi-autobiographical, with scenes based on his personal experiences, and in fact it is sharing and translating these emotions to the big screen, which makes his films always exude a warm sincerity and honesty. Mukhsin is no different, and is probably the most polished trust job to date (although I must add, as a personal bias, that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is back - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Kak Yam, although this time, we go back to when Orked is 10 years old. All the characters are younger in the films we have traveled with them, from Rabun to Gubra, and here, the sisters of Sharifah Amani, Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya, assume the roles of Orked and Mak Inom, respectively, which perhaps represented his excellent chemistry on the screen, not caring that they are not playing sibling roles. The only constant that seems is Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Pak Atan has hair on his head! Through Mukshin, the film, we complete the circle with the characters and the world that Yasmin has presented to us. We come to learn and understand a little more about the family, set in the days when they still live in their kampung (reviewed in Rabun), where Orked attends a Chinese school, and packs a serious combination of blows (and you wonder about that burst of energy in Gubra, well, she had it in her since she was young!). The perennial tomboy and the girl of the family, she prefers to play with the children in the games, instead of the "masak-masak" nonsense with the girls, and the favorite outings include going with the family to soccer games. <br /> <br /> The arrival of a boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) to the village provides a couple of friends with whom Orked can hang out and do things with them: ride a bicycle through the villages, Climb trees, fly kites. And as what you want to explore, the crossing of that line between friendship and romance, both beautiful emotions. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has his brazen moments that animate the story and provoke laughter, because some of the incidents, we would have experienced it ourselves, and sometimes we would serve as a throwback to our own memories of childhood. In short, those scenes shouted "fun"! We observe life in a typical kampung, where some neighbors are very nice, while others, sharecropper enthusiasts and rumors, spread the gossip of envy. Two additional family dynamics have been seen, one from an immediate neighbor and the other from Mukhsin, which serve as adequate subframes, and contrast with those of Orked. <br /> <br /> As always, Yasmin's films are filled with excellent music, and for Mukhsin, he has something special, the song "Hujan" as his father wrote it, as well as "Ne Me Quitte Pas", well used in the film Since Yasmin's films to date have focused on the same characters, the beauty of this is that you can see them as if they were alone, or when they look and join, makes a compelling family drama that deals with themes separate and universal themes such as interracial romance, love and forgiveness. Fans will definitely see the many links in Mukhsin back to previous films, while the new audiences will surely be curious to discover certain why and the importance of recurring characters or events, like that chubby boy who steals the looks in Orked. <br /> <br /> And speaking of why, parts of Mukhsin are also curiously open, which is probably distinctive of Yasmin's style, or left deliberately as such. I thought that as a story about childhood, remembered from memory, then there are details that will surely be left out. And subtly, I felt that Mukhsin exhibited this perfectly, with details not so detailed, and the focus on what can be remembered in significant episodes between the two. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended film, and a rare one that I think is suitable for all ages: bring your younger brother or sister!
