If you want to learn something about the Spanish Civil War and all the political details and intrigues, let me tell you that you have chosen the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This is a vision of the war, since it happened in Mallorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When a war like this happens on a small island that takes a position for the traitor almost immediately, there is no war to the weather. The soldiers are sent to the front to fight, on the continent, while another type of war happens at home, on the small island. There, the neighbors talk about other neighbors, sometimes because their political opinions are contrary to the new regime, but many people are spoken due to old family fights, or maybe the silent introvert who has no friends is informed by someone who wants "Earn some points". And these things do not happen openly. There were some trials, it is true, but many times people woke up in the middle of the night, and they took her from their homes to the nearest cemetery where they would be killed. And the next morning the bodies would be found, and the people would have an idea of ​​what had happened, but no one would dare to speak or do anything. We are not talking about soldiers killing someone they had never seen in their life. We are talking about people who kill their neighbors, and probably greet their widow the next day, and even attend the funeral for the guy they killed. We are talking about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knew everyone. <br /> <br /> I'm from that little island and I heard the stories that my grandparents told me, and I must say that this movie bothered me, oh yes, it did; but I also found it very beautiful and moving. Initial violence is not something that the director or writer invented, that's how things happened during that war. A child who knows that his partner's father is in the fascist squad that killed his father? Completely possible Everything that happened after? Possible too. TB was also real. At that time my island was not the vacation spot it has become. The people were poor, illiterate and worked on small farms. After the war there were moments of difficulties. <br /> <br /> So, you will not find a war story in this movie, or at least not the kind of war story you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigues. This is the most cruel type of war, which occurs when space is limited (it only verifies the size of the island), when neighbors fight with their neighbors, when members of the same family fight with each other, and live in a place where everyone knows everyone will find a story about the damage that this particular type of war can cause to people and the history of how they survive that damage, or maybe not. <br /> <br /> I must mention the excellent work Made by the writers who adapted the novel and by all the actors, who managed to sound really Mallorcan. That was remarkable.
