(SPOILERS included) This movie is probably the best Amicus production I've seen so far (although I still have some to see). The house that drips blood is an anthology of horror omnibus that contains four strange stories that involve the tenants of a vicious and hellish house in the British countryside. A common mistake in productions like this is wasting too much energy on the surrounding story that connects the stories separately. Peter Duffel's film does not pay much attention to that. He simply takes care of an inspector from Scotland Yard who comes to the house to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and, in that way, he finds out about the strange events that took place there before. The four stories of this film are of a high level of quality and, together, are perfect for health. High expectations are allowed for this film, as it was written in its entirety by Robert Bloch. Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel that resulted in the milestone of the brilliant horror 'Psycho'? We are also marking the solid and very professional debut of Peter Duffel as director. <br /> <br /> The four stories? Chapters if you want? in the House that drips blood contains a good diversity of subjects, but they are (almost) equally chilling and disturbing. Number one deals with a horror author who comes to the house, along with his wife, to find inspiration for his new book. This starts really well, but after a short time, he is bewitched and stalked by the villain of his own imagination. The idea in this story is not exactly original, but it is very exciting and the climax is quite surprising. The second story is starring Hammer, horror legend Peter Cushing, as a retired stockbroker. Still tormented by the image of an unattainable love lost long ago, he comes across a wax statue that looks exactly like her. Cushing is a joy to observe as always and ?? Even though the theme of wax museums is not new? This story seems generally fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains a couple of delicious moments of shock and there is a constant tense atmosphere. It is an excellent warm up for what could be said to be the BEST story: the number 3. Another legendary actor in this one, since Christopher Lee gives an impeccable representation of a terrified father. He is very strict and strict about his young daughter and keeps her isolated for the outside world. Not without reason, since the girl shows a strange fascination for witchcraft and voodoo. In addition to the excellent performance of Lee and the extraordinary performance of Chloe Franks as the spooky child, this story also has an incredible Gothic atmosphere. The diabolical nuances in this story, along with the spooky sound effects of the thunder, make this story a must for fans of real horror. The fourth and last story, in which a vain horror actor is controlled by the vampire cloak he wears, is a bit weaker than the others when it comes to tension and credibility, but the overload of subtle humor more than compensates or less that. There is even a bit of room for parody in this story since the protagonist refers to co-star Christopher Lee in the series Dracula! The most memorable element in this last chapter is the presence of the beautiful Ingrid Pitt. The cult queen of 'The Vampire Lovers' is undoubtedly one of the many highlights of the film, particularly her cleavage. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, fans of classic horror will greatly appreciate the House that drips blood. I really believe that, with a little preparation to improve the mood, this could be one of the few movies that will terrify you and leave a great impression. Intelligent and convincing horror as it should be! Highly recommended However, a small additional comment: this film can not be repeated, it should NOT be confused under any circumstances with 'The bedroom dripping blood'. The latter is a very irritating and lousy underground slasher that has nothing in common with this movie, except for the title it stole.
