The British production company Amicus is generally known as the specialist in horror anthologies, and this great bus called "The house that drips blood" is undoubtedly the best Amicus production I've seen so far (there are many I've seen so far ). however, to see, however). "The house that drips blood" consists of four deliciously macabre stories, all set in the same mysterious mansion. These four stories are presented in a wonderfully Gothic atmosphere and with one of the best imaginable sets. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors in the story), as well as Denholm Elliott and the dazzling star of Ingrid Pitt in this film. What is the real Horror fan who could afford to lose it? Nobody, of course, and the film has much more to offer than just a great cast. "The house that drips blood" revolves around a mysterious rural mansion, in which strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells the stories of four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first story, "Method of Murder", tells the story of horror novelist Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who moves into the house. with his wife. After moving, the writer suddenly feels chased by a maniac of his own creation ... The first segment is a great start for the film. The story is creepy and macabre and the performances are very good. <br /> <br /> In the second story, "Waxworks", retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) moves into the house and suddenly finds himself attracted to a mysterious Wax Museum in the nearby city ... The great Peter Cushing, once again, offers a sublime performance in this, and the rest of the performances are also very good. The story is deliciously strange, and the second best of the film, after the third. <br /> <br /> The third story, "Sweets To The Sweet" is by far the most spooky and brightest of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moves in with his little daughter. The private teacher and babysitter, Mrs. Norton, whom Mr. Reed has employed to instruct her daughter, is dismayed by her employer's strictness towards her daughter, and is anxious to find out what the opinion of the overprotective parent about education ... This The best segment maintains a very spooky atmosphere and a genuinely terrifying plot. Christopher Lee is, as always, excellent in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good as the babysitter, and my special compliment to 11-year-old Chloe Franks. This ingenious segment only makes the film a must-see for all true terror fans. <br /> <br /> In the fourth segment, horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moves into the house with his sexy lover / partner -star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satire, more than what horror really is. However, it is a very funny satire and there are many allusions to other horror movies. At one point, Henderson refers indirectly to Christopher Lee, who stars in the previous third segment ... <br /> <br /> The four segments have a delightfully macabre sense of humor and a great atmosphere. As indicated above, the third segment is by far the creepiest and largest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often macabrely humorous horror stories that all Horror lovers should appreciate. An atmosphere full of life, a macabre sense of humor, an authentic experience and a brilliant cast make this a must-see. In short: "The House That Dripped Blood" is an excellent horror bus that no lover of the British Horror could afford to lose. Highly recommended!
