The ingenious inspector Hollaway (a solid turn of John Bennett) investigates the disappearance of a famous actor and discovers the past history of an old and spooky house. First and most mundane tale, "Method to assassinate": the successful author Charles Hillyer (very well interpreted by Denholm Elliott) is obsessed by the images of the demon killer he is writing in his last book. Although this particular departure is too obvious and predictable to be something special, nonetheless, it is based on a true stupid of a genuine surprise ending. The second and most touching anecdote, "Waxworks": Philip Grayson (the always outstanding Peter Cushing) and his friend Neville Rogers (the splendid Joss Ackland) go crazy with the seductive wax statue of a beautiful killer, but lethal. The third and most chilling vignette, "Sweet to the sweet": the reserved, reserved and reserved widow John Reid (a typically excellent Christopher Lee in a rare semi-sympathetic role) hires nanny Ann Norton (the fine Nyree Dawn Porter) to Take care of your seemingly cute and harmless daughter Jane (an incredibly spooky and disconcerting performance of the lovely Chloe Franks). This outstanding scary episode receives a considerable and disturbing boost by the exceptional performance of talented children's actress Franks, who projects a truly unsettling sensation of wicked serenity lurking just below a deceptively sweet and innocent angelic plate. Fourth and funniest thread, "The Cloak": the star of the pompous horror film Paul Henderson (delightfully rehearsed until the arrogance of Jon Pertwee) buys a mysterious cloak that makes him transform into a vampire every time he uses it. This article is fun and extravagant and benefits from the incredibly polished presence of the delicious Ingrid Pitt as the seductive vampire Carla. Director Peter Duffell, who works from a delightfully macabre and witty script by the noted horror scribe Robert Bloch, maintains an agile rhythm at all times and does an excellent job of creating a suitably bizarre environment. The congratulations are also on the order of the sharp cinematography of Ray Parslow and the shuddering music of Michael Dress. Highly recommended for fans of the general fear rate.
