I admit that I was partial when I reviewed this, since it was my introduction to the series. I saw this movie for the first time in ~ 2005 at night "Fear Friday" at AMC, which often brings out dark gems like this one from cold storage for new generations. I set out to see Amicus's full anthology series before reviewing any of them here to make sure I had a perspective. Looking back, I still consider The House That Dripped Blood as my favorite, followed closely by Tales From The Crypt and then Asylum. <br /> <br /> I think all the elements that make this series lovely - the crop The '60 / '70-style cinematography, creepy and outrageous tales and the complete British character of all this throughout the backup music, they merged better here than any of the others in general. The film centers around an old English country house and the misfortune that befalls all those who live inside. <br /> <br /> The first story involves a horror writer and his wife, who moved to this secluded place to take a break. The city so he could concentrate on his passion. He creates a murderous character named Dominic and soon begins to experience great difficulties in distinguishing reality from fiction. Here is a subtle fleece through its torment that I found amusing but creepy. Oh, and those horrible teeth of support (then, again, these are British actors, maybe they were REAL). <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who has moved here to escape his loneliness, however, it only gets worse, as he is persecuted for lost love. It seems to have found a possible salvation in a local wax museum (very creepy), but it turns out that it would have been much better just ....... <br /> <br /> The third story includes the great Christopher Lee (my favorite British horror actor) as a single father with a young daughter quite disturbed and completely creepy. He is constantly worried that she will get into things she should not, like witchcraft! She has a natural talent for it, with good reason. Lee is excellent here as the disciplinarian of the cold, that man has a real talent for playing characters that absolutely lack warmth! But despite his best efforts, the little troublemaker actually learns forbidden knowledge and follows bad things ... <br /> <br /> This final story is the story of an old cynical and veteran actor who feels the young director with The one who is working is not qualified to capture a proper vampire movie, particularly the quality of the costumes and their particular layer. So he goes to an old curio shop in the middle of a foggy night to get something more "authentic". Little did he know that he took an authentic vampire cape! Putting it in the midnight stroke has quite remarkable effects. When I got to this fourth and last story, it was after three in the morning and I could not stay awake on the first try (not out of boredom). But I experienced something that I have hundreds of times, a curious bonding experience that I have with movies or music when I enter and leave the dream and the movie / music becomes part of my dream! Big fun!! This strange story was perfect for that and it seemed a lot more terrifying the first time than it really was because I woke up just when he was levitated by the power of the cape and I could not understand what happened at the beginning. Not long after, the lovely Ingrid Pitt, one of the stars of her film set, went to visit her and warned her not to put on her cloak at midnight, but that he should not have bothered, since she herself was a real vampire. . The tinkling clink of the keyboard that followed when she flew at him on the stairs was simply hysterical! And again in my half-asleep state, it seemed quite confusing! Side note: Be sure to catch Lee and Pitt along with the impressive Amicus star Britt Ekland in the all-time classic film, The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link here was the interwoven comment between stories, but based on the stories themselves, this is a classic! Objectively, I would say that the third story is the best, but I like the fourth one more because it makes me smile a lot. Highly recommended for fans of horror and if you are a fan of British terror, it is mandatory! I would say it's worth looking at the series in chronological order if you can. The last film of this series, Monster Club (1980) is undoubtedly the weakest. I think the first 3-4 films, except the sometimes mediocre Torture Garden (1967), are the best, but if you like any of them, you should see them all at least once. You probably come back many more times to see your favorites.
