Relate the story: another first time I look at it and, again, this is one of the most popular anthologies of Amicus, and it's easy to see why, although I realize that the meaningless title of the film could be deceptive to Some; Certainly, I liked the choice of the director Peter Duffell, DEATH AND THE MAIDEN (which, by the way, is a classic piece of Schubert that is heard in the film during the Peter Cushing episode), much more. Although the link device itself is not as good, the episodes are equally attractive and enjoyable. The production values ​​are very respectable for the budget with which Duffell had to work. The latter infuses the film with a lot of style that is not so common in this type of film and, frankly, makes one regret the fact that he wanted to distance himself from the genre (although more so as not to be typecast) than because he felt that I was under him). <br /> <br /> Now to the individual stories: <br /> <br /> "Method For Murder": the opening segment does not offer real surprises, but to compensate for this, it is silently suspenseful and sometimes creepy sometimes (the "fictional" villain of Tom Adams resembles the lost brother of Boris Karloff from THE OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]); In addition, it ends with a satisfying turn of the DIABOLIQUE type, and presents a rather intense role for Denholm Elliott up front. That's all we need, really. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": for the second story we are presented with a curiously romantic mood that is quite unusual for this type of film; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are excellent (in addition to impeccably dressed) in their roles as two carefree lovers of a woman who continues to obsess her even after so long, and whose friendly rivalry can only lead them blindly and inexorably to a fate that is literally worse than death; a scene of ominous hallucination with Peter Cushing is pretty well made in view of the limited resources available, and Ackland's inexplicable inability to leave the city is reminiscent of the aristocrats trapped in the house of EL ÁNGEL EXTERMINADOR de Bunuel (1962). <br /> <br /> "Sweets To The Sweet": this is perhaps the best episode of all - with its ambiguous role here, Christopher Lee continues to demonstrate his versatility and is compared to the understanding of Nyree Dawn Porter and the deceptive innocence of Chloe Franks (who appears as the daughter of Lee). The treatment of the occult film here is both subtle and mature, culminating in a powerful and extremely chilling "curtain". Note of triviality: Chloe Franks appears as an older person in the set included in the record, and when I saw her I felt an immediate familiarity with her face, but I could not identify her. Later, when reading her filmography, it was revealed to me that she had played one of the protagonists of the full-length theater adaptation of Agatha Christie's "The Mousetrap" in the West End of London, which my brother and I were lucky to capture. We are there on vacation in the summer of 2002! Needless to say, we had no idea that he had once created a portrait so delicate, and delicious, in pure evil, mainly because of its peculiar appearance and a devilish smile. <br /> <br /> "The Cloak": a strange but strangely reverent story about vampires (which still manages to discredit many of the myths related to the subgenre, while inventing some new ones!) that presents some wonders in exploitation. The cinema and, in a moment, the same Christopher Lee! Jon Pertwee is wonderful as the horror star who gets more than he expected when he tries to bring some authenticity to his work; Ingrid Pitt sends her image very well, although her role is somewhat subsidiary to the procedures; Geoffrey Bayldon (made to look like Ernest Thesiger) also has a peculiarly peculiar touch; the 'silent film' style of the end was quite bold to attract the audience, I suppose, and, although part of the humor manifests itself as a hard hand like 'THE FEARLESS VAMPIRE KILLERS (1967) or THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), too It is quite contagious and, certainly, the film ends on a high note (and very unusual)! <br /> <br /> Video and audio quality is relatively satisfactory, considering that I did not have another version to compare it; The main culprit is a noticeable damage in the impression, but this is never so unpleasant as to affect the enjoyment of the film. As for the extras, starting with the audio commentary: frankly, this is one of the best talks about a genre film that I remember hearing; Jonathan Rigby gets involved with his opinion more than usual for a moderator, but his effort certainly allows director Peter Duffell to play all aspects of the production (while with some other films, you're waiting for more!) And As such, it is an extremely pleasant track that complements the main feature very well. The "classified horror film A" is a worthwhile effort with Peter Duffell again on center stage, but this time backed by valid contributions, albeit too brief, from producer Max J. Rosenberg and stars Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also receive movie notes, reviews, biographies and a poster / gallery of photos that, once again, are wonderfully assembled (with contemporary reviews as a novelty, and a welcome).
