Four horror stories about the events in a former creepy mansion are told to the skeptical Scotland Yard Holloway investigator (John Bennett) while investigating the whereabouts of the last occupant of the house that was leaking blood. <br /> <br /> One can only struggle to find the words to describe the true brilliance that is "The house that drips blood". This anthology of terror of the seventies is quite remarkable for the way in which a film so visually innocent is capable of causing horror even in the most demanding viewers. Incredibly, the number of depictions of violence on the screen can be counted on one hand, but the film is still able to portray the brutality and manages to evoke the most horrible images of the imagination of the spectators, refraining from taking the obvious route. of graphic violence. In a rare feature of the early seventies, the horror is that the technical aspects of the film are virtually impeccable, from the impeccable performances of the star-studded cast (with the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to the excellent address and the narration courtesy of Peter Duffell and master of the macabre writer Robert Bloch (the author of the novel "Psycho"). The only real complaints that one can have with "The House That Dripped Blood" are the somewhat uninspired plot twists at the end of the first two segments and the predictable end of the image, but even these minor details can not detract from the overall , enjoy the visualization. <br /> <br /> The first segment, entitled "Method for Murder", tells the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a horror author who rents the creepy house while working on his latest novel. While working on the novel, Hillyer continues to see the murderous character of her story in and around the house and soon begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this piece is truly exceptional and his character has an amazing air of credibility. The key to this segment, like the others, is the mystery that surrounds the events that take place. The viewer is forced to wonder if the vision of the murderous character of Dominic is simply an hallucination, a schizophrenic disorder or if the character is really there. Duffell's management manages to create a disturbing atmosphere along with a slow and methodical approach to generate the tension and suspense necessary to make the segment extremely fascinating. <br /> <br /> The next segment presents Peter Cushing as the new occupant of the sinister house. During a trip to the city, he finds a museum of wax horrors and decides to venture. While there, discover a wax model of a beautiful woman who seems too familiar. The character of Cushing (Philip) is accompanied by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland) who also wishes to visit the museum, much to Philip's dismay. In this segment, the viewer receives only subtle clues about the mystery of the wax woman, but in general the viewer is left in the dark. There is much less tension in this particular story, however, the segment still manages to maintain its air of mystery through a particularly distressing sequence of dreams and the general ambiguity of the story. Duffell's direction is once again exceptional and, while it is arguably the weakest of the four stories, there is no denying that through creative direction and credible acting, Waxworks is a charming entry in the film. <br /> <br /> Is Waxworks followed by what, in my opinion, is the largest of the four segments? Sweet to the sweet '. Christopher Lee plays John Reid, the father of a girl with whom, to begin with, he has an inexplicable fear of fire, which will soon be remedied by taking care of nanny Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to be hiding a dark secret about the family. "Dulces al dulce" is easily the most sober and intricate of the four stories and that is why the segment is undeniably attractive to the viewer. Throughout the segment, small and subtle clues are published about the truth behind the family, but it is not until the immense final scene that everything fits perfectly into place. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and suspense to create the premonitory atmosphere that made the whole movie great. Accompanied by a marvelously organized soundtrack, "Dulces al dulce" is an exercise in sustained fear that grabs the spectator by the throat and refuses to let it go until the agonizing screams that end with this piece finally cease. Personally, I think this short segment would have been a long-lasting entertaining and disturbing movie and would give this segment a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ends with the story surrounding the missing artist that the researcher was originally interested in. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt star in two artists currently working on a horror film. The character of Pertwee is disgusted with the film's amateur production and accessories, so he buys his own vampire cape in a strange mystery shop. However, strange things begin to happen when you wear the cloak and soon begin to fear the worst. This segment, which places the inspector between events, is a good way to conclude a wonderful anthology. Although there is an irrefutable camp air for the segment, this is, in a way, what makes the story so enjoyable. Unfortunately, there is little in this segment that could be classified as frightening in any sense and the predictable ending could have been executed better, but nevertheless, the segment has redemption characteristics. Fans of terror should be alert to Pertwee's brief comment on Dracula's performance by Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee. This slightly comical and cheerful approach to the final segment is, in essence, an appropriate and almost natural way to end the image, even if the film is frustrated compared to previous examples of horror driven by suspense. <br /> <br /> In summary ,? The House That Dripped Blood 'is one of the greatest horror anthologies that presents an incredible cast, great stories and above the direction at par. Certainly there are worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life and, while blood and guts fans will be very disappointed, fans of the most tense horror efforts should enjoy this movie immensely. My rating for "The House That Dripped Blood"? 8/10.
