Omnibus horror movies were popular in the 1970s. I am not very fond of them, but this is an undeniably excellent segment of British horror cinema. The House That Dripped Blood is a horror bus, with four stories surrounding an old spooky house in the country and told by a real estate agent to an agent of Scotland Yard. <br /> <br /> This film is headed by three well-known horror movie stars; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, whom horror fans will recognize as one of Lee's co-stars in the best British horror film of all time; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> The first segment of the film, titled "Method For Murder" tells the story of a horror story writer, whose creation; A strangler named "Dominic" comes alive with his own imagination. This story builds suspense very well; through his girlfriend, him, and the public is led to believe that what he is seeing is a figment of his imagination. This story is certainly not very original, but it compensates for its lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates and its final touch; It works incredibly well and it was a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story, entitled "Waxworks", stars Peter Cushing and is the least favorite of the four. This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a wax museum and decides to venture. Inside, he discovers a woman who is familiar to him and who we later discover is a murderer. It really does not really explain the relationship of the woman with Phillip, but the story is based more on the mystery to build the suspense instead of details of the plot. Later, Cushing is joined by his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) and that's when the story really begins to improve. The creation of a wax museum full of killers for a horror movie is not a new idea; The same scenario was used to great effect in the excellent horror film of 1966, "Chamber of Horrors". Although the one here is not as big as that of the aforementioned film, the power of the stage is used for no less than a horrifying effect, much of which is achieved through a sense of claustrophobia, caused by the limited area of ​​the museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting to see, and watching him avoid a madman with an ax is a pleasure for the horror fanatic. Despite being my least favorite, this story is still entertaining and interesting enough not to disappoint this anthology. <br /> <br /> The movie continues with "Dulces para el dulce", which is undoubtedly the best of all. This story stars the legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly overprotective father. The beauty of this story comes from the way it develops. Leave the audience guessing; We know that there is something wrong with the father or the daughter, but we do not know who or what it is. Christopher Lee, as usual, portrays his character with a great degree of sinister; the audience is allowed to simmer over their actions regarding giving a doll to their daughter, and the fact that they are not allowed to go to school or have any toys. The card exactly why is kept close to the chest until almost the end, personified by the truly chilling line in which Lee tells his nanny that, in fact, he is afraid of his daughter. The end of this section is magnificently played, in my opinion, it is one of the best endings of any horror story ever told, and it will remain with you long after the list of final credits. <br /> <br /> The bus ends with "The Cloak", which is definitely the most comical of the four. This story is about a horror movie star who, not impressed by the technical side of his latest film, goes out and buys a cape. Naturally, this cloak turns out to be a true vampire cloak. Unlike the other three stories, this seems to be played mainly for laughs. That's not bad, though, since most of the humor is fun and serves as a good contrast to the rest of the movie. The end of this story coincides very well with the end of the story of the film, which is a very sinister but humorous ending to a very good movie. Also, notice the little comment regarding Christopher Lee in Dracula. A good touch, I think. <br /> <br /> In general, if you want a horror bus, you really can not go wrong with The House That Drips Blood. Only the third story makes the film worthy of its time and this is a very solid horror movie.
