The Preminger adaptation of "B. Joan" by G. B. Shaw (script by Graham Greene) received one of the worst critical reactions in his day. It was vilified by the pseudo-elite, the purists and the public did not respond to a film that lacked the piety and glamor that was expected from a historical contest. As in "Peeping Tom," the reaction was malicious and unjustified. Preminger's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions surrounding Joan of Arc (her real name in her own language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is totally true to the spirit of the work original, not only in the emotional level literally but also formally. His film is a Brechtian examination of the functioning of institutions, the division within and outside of various factions that want to take power. As such, we are not allowed to identify emotionally with any of the characters, including Joan herself. <br /> <br /> As interpreted by Jean Seberg (whose later life offers a strange parallel to her role here), she is presented as an innocent, a figure of purity whose actions and presence reveal corruption and emptiness in all . As such, Seberg interprets her as saintly and crazy. Her own lack of experience as an actress when she made this film (shown in some places) conveys the freshness and youth of Jeanne, revealing the fact that Jeanne la Pucelle is a humble illiterate peasant who left to protect her people and Her intelligence natural. In no way deserved the harsh criticism he received in the first premiere of the film, it is a performance that goes far beyond the understanding and success of any new actress with no previous experience in acting. Shaw and Preminger had a secular view that Joan saw her as a medieval feminist, not content with being a rustic daughter whose destiny is to marry or be a whore picked up by soldiers who come and go from the battlefields. Her faith, her voices, her visions that she combines with words like "imagination" and "common sense" lead her to wear the armor of her fellow soldiers to lead them into battle to drive out the invading Englishman from France. <Br /> <br /> And, nevertheless, it can be said that the film is more interested in the court of the Dolphin (Richard Widmark), the office of the clergy that judges Joan directed by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, impeccable cast) ) and the actions of the Earl of Warwick (John Gielgud) and then in Joan herself. The magnificent cast (all male) portrays figures of schemers, machievellian opportunists (although the story precedes Niccolo) who treat religion as a child's toy to use and manipulate for their own purposes. The sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actors great fun to vent. John Gielgud as the eminently rational count whose intelligence, (though accompanied by corruption), allows him to calculate the precise way in which he can ensure that Joan is burned at the stake and Pierre Cauchon of Anton Walbrook brings a three-dimensional portrait to this intelligent theologian who will give Joan the fair trial that will undoubtedly find her guilty. Richard Widmark as the Dauphin is a true revelation. As a counter-type, a casting choice you'll find, Widmark portrays the weak ruler of France in a frenetic comical caricature that comes so close to the comic relief of this film. A comic performance that feels like an imitation of Jerry Lewis much more than a future impetuous government of France. <br /> <br /> Preminger filmed '' St. Joan '' in black and white, the director of photography is Georges Perinal with whom Rene Clair worked and who made "The life and death of Coronel Blimp" in color. It is perfectly restricted to emphasize the rational intellectual environment for this film. Preminger's preference for tracking long and uninterrupted shots is key to the effectiveness of the film, there is no sense of wasting movement anywhere in its staging. <br /> <br /> It also marks the Preminger address. Mature (and the most neglected period) focuses on the conflict between individuals and the institutions in which they work, how the institution works and how the individual acts according to their principles. These subjects receive their most direct treatment in his film and, as always, keeps things unpredictable and can not find answers in black and white. This is one of his best and most effective films.
