Fräulein Doktor is as good a demonstration as any of how the old big film industry in Western Europe has declined in the last 40 years. Then, in the late '60s, while the big Hollywood studios were on the ropes, Italy, France and England were producing films to fill the vacuum left by the decline of Hollywood. There were photos of James Bond (the Doctor was not a surprise hit in the US, it was first released on the Century theater chain in New York with an admission price of 99 cents in the afternoon), the westerns of Clint Eastwood's spaghetti (with a handful of dollars published by a distributor who never paid a dime to Italian producers) and French crime films that used to go to art houses, with exceptions such as the Sicilian Clan. And there were European co-productions like Doctor Zhivago and, of course, Fräulein Doktor. With his big budget for time and the global talent involved, Fräulein Doktor was good enough for the viewers to still remember the movie decades later. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More, who plays a British intelligence officer, has a line in Fräulein Doktor where he tells a trapped spy to speak or play the Wall Game. The wall is in front of a firing squad, with little chance of the spy winning the game. That kind of cynical attitude played well across national borders, at the time of the 1969 Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> The steamy scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine probably did not damage the possibilities of these artists to get parties in Hollywood movies. The Hollywood studios were in the process of getting rid of their distribution and production businesses abroad. Fox would no longer co-produce films like The Sicilian Clan, Columbia would not distribute films like Belmondo's The Night Caller. MGM went even further, cutting off almost all the film production, selling its chain of theaters in India for the value of the land below and unloading its facilities in the Borehamwood studio when Kerkorian ransacked the studio to raise money to build his casino in Las Vegas. Vegas (where a Bally The casino gift shop sold MGM memorabilia at gift prices, which remained from the auction of MGM's accessory stores.) The former Board of Directors of the studio downloaded the movie library from the MGM. I studied Universal (as a souvenir) and really became interested in the films after the production manager, Robert Evans, started producing success after success, but that was in the 70s. Fräulein Doktor, with his lesbian scene, was buried, with versions of the film that appeared on local stations until the 1980s. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More used to be typecast when he was older, especially e on the BBC detective series father brown. When he was younger, as in the British movie Titanic, he played his standard British officer quietly. In Fräulein Doktor, he had the opportunity to be much harder than usual, as I recall. It would be good to see if my memory of this film is accurate, on its role and, of course, those cavalry horses with gas masks and protective covers that enter the battle. That was a scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed that he was a director, directing this espionage film of the First World War, where the money spent on production values ​​really appears on the screen.
