THE SEA is a daring, hard, absolutely brilliant and courageous cinematic work of art. The director Agustí Villaronga, with an adaptation of Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida from the novel by Blai Bonet, has created a film that traces the profound effects of war on the minds of children and how the exhibition destroys the chaos in adult life . And although the focus is on the atrocious tattoo of war on children, the transfer to similar effects on soldiers and adult citizens is clear. This film becomes one of the best anti-war documents without resorting to pamphleteering: the final result has a much greater impact due to its history inherent in the children's march towards adulthood. <br /> <br /> A small group of children are shown in Spain's Spanish Civil War, threatened with blackouts and invasive nocturnal killings of citizens. Ramallah (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) are witnesses to the terror of the murder of men and the revenge that leads one of them to murder and suicide. These children with open eyes become adults, with all the psychic illness and trauma repressed in their minds. <br /> <br /> Then we find the three who survive to adulthood, where all are confined to a tuberculosis sanatorium. Ramallah (Roger Casamajor) has survived as a prostitute, protected by his 'John' Morell (Juli Mira), and has kept his lifestyle private. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a fragile gay male sexually repressed whose coverage is his commitment to Catholicism and the blurring of delusional self-mutilation / crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) has become a nun and takes care of patients in the sanatorium. The three are reunited by their surroundings in the sanatorium and, slowly, each reveals the scars of their childhood experiences with war. Tur yearns for the love of Ramallah, Ramallah yearns to be free of her Morell, and Francisca must face her own inner needs covered by the habit of her white nun. <br /> <br /> The sanatorium environment provides a graphic plane where the thin thread between life and death, between lust and love, and between devotion and destruction is played. To further detail, the impact of the film on the individual viewer would be destroyed, but suffice it to say that graphic sex and total nudity are involved (in some of the most amazingly captured raw images in the film) and the viewer must be ready to witness every form of brutality imaginable. For this spectator, these scenes are of the utmost importance and Director Villaronga should be applauded for his perseverance and courage to make this story so intense. The actors, both children and adults, are splendid: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are especially good at extremely difficult roles. The cinematography of Jaime Peracaula and the disturbing musical score of Javier Navarrete serve for the vision of the director. A hard movie, this, but highly recommended for those who are not afraid to face the horrors of war and its consequences. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
