"Gespenster" A matter of being cool in German cinema <br /> <br /> There are not many German films in the last ten years, which have interested me so much. Yes, the problem of the most German films is also in this film "Gespenster". He is in some uncooked places to be good to see. Special the figure of Toni (Sabine Timento) is too great. But that's always the case in German films. Everyone should learn this genius - it's the realism in these movies. That is difficult to understand. But in this case it makes sense, because she steals and lies; is the kind of girl that is better, you never love her, because you lose her. That is not clear to the other girl Nina in this movie. She loves it and would lose it. But Nina lost everything. She will play with gentle emotion and a sad feeling. There is no way, but you have to understand it, said Herbert Achterbusch for twenty years. That is what often happens in German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not within the laws of society, she is outside, and there she has no chance. This movie does not try to give you a part inside everywhere. That is one of the problems: the stupid break with the conventions, the criminal fascination. Throw everything and do not go anywhere! But the actress interprets this difficult part very interesting. On the other side, there are the parents, which are the pendant of the two girls. They have a car, a hotel suite, they have money and they live in the world with the music of the opera. But the movie is always at a distance to look like. There is not much explanation of them. <br /> <br /> At the center of this movie, there is a scene you will never forget. The two girls came to a casting. And there they should say how they are together. In this scene Toni will be lying down. She said that a fantastic story has nothing to do with her. And then Nina will tell the truth. She said it in an introversive way. There is no exposure in it. She looks at the bottom and said what will happen here. It is a great moment. In the next scene of the party with images in red, this feeling continues, and Toni disappears ... <br /> <br /> All right, the movie will end, in the German way of cooling off, the trash, here is The Circle of sadness is closing. But there was a moment, where something else is happening, and this moment was important. He is more than a German genius, and these moments are rare in German cinema at this moment!
