In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta combines two stories to create a vibrant tapestry of love and courage. The film shows a family drama of estrangement between a mother and her daughter, and the story of German women who held a protest in Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish husbands from a certain extermination. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the focus of the film is the salvation of a child from the Holocaust by a German and the result of the girl's experience of losing her mother. While Ms. Von Trotta shows that the bravery of a small number of Germans made a difference, she does not use it to excuse German society. In fact, it shows how, in the midst of torture and extermination, the rich artists and intellectuals of the German high society continued with their lives and parties, oblivious to suffering. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York as a Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit in Shiva, a seven-day mourning period that takes place after a funeral in which the members of The Jewish family devotes all their attention to remembering and lamenting the deceased. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is forbidden to receive phone calls from her boyfriend Luis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jewish, Hannah asks why her mother suddenly decided to follow an orthodox tradition that she rejected earlier. When Ruth coldly rejects her cousin, Hannah questions her and learns of a woman named Lena who took her as a child when she was deported and murdered by the Nazis, and she swears to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother's past . . <br /> <br /> Her search takes her to Berlin, where she meets Lena (Doris Schade), who is now ninety years old, and the interview with the pretext that she is a journalist who investigates certain aspects of the Holocaust. With an unwavering memory, Lena tells her story of how, when she was a 33-year-old girl (Katja Reimann), she sought out her husband, the Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who disappeared and is presumed to have been imprisoned despite The protection normally given to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in a radiant performance of Reimann, discovers that her husband and other Jews are imprisoned in an old factory in Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Standing together in the freezing night, the German women whose husband is missing congregate. outside the building, their number grows daily until they reach the thousand shouts "Give us back to our husbands". Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young woman whose mother is in the building. He takes care of her, protects her from the Gestapo and breeds her after they kill her mother. Lena comes from a German aristocratic family and her brother, who has just returned from Stalingrad, is an official of the Wehrmacht. After being denied her father's help to free Fabian, she enlists the help of her brother who tells a fellow officer: "I know what they do to the Jews. Thanks to her support, she is bold enough to avoid the canals and go to the top, where her beauty and charm are irresistible to the Minister of Culture, Joseph Goebbels, a well-known womanizer. While this fictional part of the film has been criticized for degrading female protesters, it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in making decisions that affect Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Director Margarethe von Trotta, a feminist and intellectual activist, is no stranger to political drama. He directed a film about the socialist Rosa Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, a story of the relationship between two sisters, one of which uses political violence to achieve their liberal goals. In Rosenstrasse, a film in which he worked for eight years, had to make concessions, adding the current fictitious element so that his film was produced. That it works so well is a tribute to the art of Mrs. Von Trotta and the beautiful script of Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events in Rosenstrasse are a lie for the Germans, who say: "there is nothing we can do". Now von Trotta has shown that the opposite is true, that something could be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that the example has not captured.
