I do not think many films (especially comedies) have added memorable and citable dialogues like MOONSTRUCK. I will not illustrate it, you can see a very long list of quotes in this thread, but any movie that can make issues like the defense of using expensive copper pipes instead of brass for plumbing purposes in a memorable dialogue is amazing to me. It is not the only line that appears and makes a mark on our memory. How about a waiter in a restaurant who regrets a planned marriage proposal because it will mean the loss of a single client? Or a nice old dog that encourages his pack to howl at the moon? Or Perry's description (of John Mahoney) of a student's youthful promise as "moonlight in a martini" (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a wonderful example of brilliant script, first-class direction and a good cast set that fits perfectly. There are other examples (the drama THE OX-BOW INCIDENT is another example, but more somber). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello are involved in plots and cross purposes that examine the nature of love and how to handle it. Is it good to be totally in love? Cher and Cage, in the end, seem to think so, but Dukakis knows that real love drives the individual crazy (and Cage also realizes this when he and Cher argue outside their home after they return from the opera La Boheme ). Is infidelity on the part of men a way to avoid thoughts of death? Dukakis thinks so, and (curiously, even if he is not totally convinced) Aiello. Chance reveals infidelity: Dukakis soon realizes that Gardenia's strange behavior is related to infidelity, and Cher literally trips over Gardenia and his girlfriend in the opera (but Gardenia also encounters similar infidelity from Cher to Aiello) . But chance also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbles upon Dukakis walking with John Mahoney and thinks that she is having an affair. <br /> <br /> There are also lovely little moments in the movie. Cher's observation about the flowers that lead to receive one. She listens to the discussion in the liquor store and its resolution. But the best thing is the sequence of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as Cher's uncle and aunt, Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi, and Rita's charming and friendly comment to Raymond about the effect of moonlight on him. It's the sweetest moment of the whole movie. <br /> <br /> It's close to an impeccable movie. After having seen it a dozen times in so many years, I can only find two points that do not seem as smooth as they should be. When Cher is at Cage's bakery, her assistant Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) mentions how she's in love with Cage in secret, but she's been afraid to tell him. Previously she was a bit aggressive with Cher, who put her in place quickly. However, nothing seems to be done with this potential rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to deposit the daily business benefits of her uncle and aunt is momentarily reflected in the last seven minutes of the film, but just as quickly. Were there supposed to be some lines of the plot that fell, plus one about Cher and Vincent Gardenia who worked in the shelter of a destitute as a penance? It's a little annoyance, but I think it's just based on the desire to see more of this movie because it's so good.
