The bittersweet touch of this film contains a wonderful element of romanticism that evokes an impetuous passion. These characteristics of the idealistic images that "Moonstruck" possesses, stimulate the final result of a verdict of almost all the prominent critics in Hollywood. Let me describe the circumstances of this film, in short, they are "old". "Moonstruck" is a cohesive film that awakens the ingenuity of an old Italian neighborhood in New York City. The city of New York has always been a great melting pot of cultures that is galvanized by many manners that are indicative of the typical New Yorkers, this also includes many Americans of Italian origin living in New York! The mid and late eighties brought an abrupt conclusion to many strong associations with various cultural stereotypes. The polarization of ethnicity was a scourge firmly embedded in the history of the United States that prevailed much more for several generations before this film was made. These trends of generalization still exist today, however, they are more appeased and less identifiable! For this Italian family of a bygone era, confusion, indecision, agitation, and yes, of course, love, they all have the comic camaraderie of a completely human understanding for them! Spirits related to everyone in "Moonstruck" seem to be those of understanding individual weaknesses. One might wonder if Cher will play the lead role, since she is best known as an artist rather than a big box office star in a movie. However, in "Moonstruck" I think she was incredibly well suited to her role, and she was completely credible in a relatively unbelievable situation. All the characters of "Moonstruck" are very tough, really difficult, and do not fear to have a formidable duel with adversity. The most hilarious aspect of their lives is imperfection, and they are well aware of the fact that resisting the storm definitely has a constructive purpose! I thought the acting in this movie was sensational. All the relationships in this movie accumulate a propitious potential to enlighten vividly because everyone knows what the basic nature of everyone else really is! For this family, nothing is glamorous, nothing is pretentiously romantic and nothing is too emotional (only moderately). The fact is that this entire family is clearly and perpetually afflicted by an extremely jealous and sincere cupid throughout his life. Taking rays from the moon can literally have a pleasant impact on one's resolution, masked mysticism and resistance to proverbial love. So meaning everything! The homey and mercurial principle in this movie is basically one of; Be honest, get angry; Be honest, put yourself in confrontation; Be honest, distorted and emphatic; More important; Be honest, and fall in love !! This is Cher's best performance as an actress! Nicholas Cage, Danny Aiello and Olympia Dukakis, were wonderfully flawed in "Moonstruck." These performances of these three were perfectly appropriate for the kinetic energy of the characters in this movie! The director, Norman Jewison (famous for "Cincinnati Kid", "Thomas Crowne Affair", and most famous for "In The Heat Of The Night" which won the Academy Award for the best film in 1967) shows many sharp instincts and humanists in the process. To provide the deliberate incongruity to this movie! I'm Italian-American in descent, (partly anyway) Cher is not Italian, and, in fact, neither is the writer nor the director. I guess since non-Italians like to eat our food, they can also use our culture to make a fabulous movie! It's comforting to know that a movie can be wonderful and have an incredibly happy ending! For those of you who did not like this movie, I just have one thing to say "Get out of it!" This movie "Moonstruck" is totally happy, get lucky! Totally eighty! and totally five stars !! Look at it!!
