Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman of about thirty, a widow, who lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is committed to marry Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a dull man, more for a resigned duty than for a real love. Before his wedding, Johnny makes a trip to visit his mother, who is sick, and leaves Loretta the role of playing the olive leaf with his brother Ronny, informing him of his impending wedding. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) has not forgiven Johnny for being the cause of his accident, which caused the loss of his hand (and, later, his future girlfriend), but falls in love with Loretta, and with force. After a heated adventure, Loretta out of respect for Johnny tries to avoid Ronny, but her dark appearance and overwhelming masculinity conquer her. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother, Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis) not only suspects that her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) is seeing another woman, but also a subject of admiration from a university professor and wonders why men chase women. Things get complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta that they can not get married. <br /> <br /> The setup is pure sitcom, but the story, written by John Patrick Shanley with a deep understanding of Americans of Italian origin. in New York, it is genuine: it has the idiosyncrasy of these people and their daily weaknesses and peculiarities, and all the characters have a deep romanticism that manifests itself in key moments throughout history. Loretta, a character hardened by the loss of her husband and knowing that her chances of happiness are scarce, slowly emerges as a woman who is so carried away by the sudden recognition of love that she becomes La Boheme's heroine, the one who recognizes the love. of the man with the wooden hand (in a skilful change of gender), and Cher inhabits the paper and makes it his, and in his own style he subtly changes his dishevelment to a deep and dark beauty. Ronny is pure fire and Nicholas Cage exudes male power as if he were channeling Marlon Brando. The Castorini and the Cappomaggi, who balance the central couple, express their mutual love in two very crucial moments: the last couple, on the full moon night when Loretta and Ronny consummate their adventure, a rare scene that represents love and intimacy among the elderly, and the first at a tense moment during breakfast when Rose reveals bluntly, with moving words, that she wants Cosmo to stop seeing her lover Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is not only the romantic comedy and the date of the film of choice, but also a beautiful examination of love and passion among ordinary people. The end is a journey through the force of emotional impact, the family situation that goes beyond the momentary complications to consolidate it in the tradition that goes back to the days of immigrants, and is one that makes this film is just another movie to feel good to a classic. . MOONSTRUCK deservedly earned her Oscar for Best Writing, Actress and Best Supporting Actress, and has proven to grow beyond her time.
