I saw Heartland when it was first released in 1980 and I've seen it again. Improves with age. Heartland is not just for lovers of "indie" movies. At a time when most American movies are little more than cynical attempts to make money with CGI, pyrotechnics and / or vulgarity, Heartland is presented as a part of American history. It is also a reminder of how most modern, urbanized Americans have spoiled us. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie is exaggerated or scenic. Nobody declares Hollywood movie speeches. The actors really inhabit their roles. This really feels like a "small" movie, but it's actually bigger than most of Hollywood's multi-million dollar productions. <br /> <br /> The movie is based on the lives of real people. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who has never done anything better than this), a widow with a 7-year-old daughter, Jerrine (Megan Folsom), lives in Denver but wants more opportunities. She announces for a position of housekeeper. The announcement is answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most underrated actors), a Scottish-born rancher who is also a widower and has a farm outside of Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts the position (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move into Stewart's little house on the property. It is a landscape of mountains without trees, a place of endless views where silence is broken only by the sounds of these people and their animals. It is guaranteed to make a person feel small. The three characters spend long periods without seeing another human soul. What's worse, Stewart is taciturn to the point of being almost silent. "I can not talk to the man," Elinore complains to Grandma Landauer. "You'd better learn before winter," replies the grandmother. The grandmother (Lilia Skala) is one of the other two characters who are seen more than fleetingly. She came to Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years before and runs her ranch alone now that she is also a widow. Grandma is her closest neighbor (and the local midwife) and she still lives ten miles away! The other supporting character is Jack, the hired one (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> Elinore's routine (and that of his employer) is an endless and exhausting task, where there are no modern conveniences and where everything must be done, fixed or made by hand. This is the real meat of the film: observe the daily life of these ranchers while fighting against nature to make a living with the land. But despite the constant effort and fatigue, Elinore is always looking for other opportunities. She learns that the tract adjacent to Stewart is not claimed. Impulsively, she files a claim on the property (twelve dollars, or almost two weeks of pay!), Which means that if she lives from it (and she must live there) and works for ten years, she will get the writing for that. Naturally, Stewart finds out what she has done. With a ruthless logic, he points out that without money, without livestock, without credit and without assets, he has no chance of succeeding. Next, offer a solution: propose marriage. The surprised Elinore realizes that this is the only real alternative, and accepts. <br /> <br /> We believe that Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian, that he wants land and free labor, but we see that Elinore really likes Elinore, and they grow together as a couple. She gets pregnant; she goes into labor in the midst of a snowstorm; Clyde travels for hours on horseback through the storm of the grandmother's ten miles and the ten miles back, only to announce that the grandmother was not there. This is more like real life than it is nice, friends. Elinore has the baby alone, without any help. Your child is still a baby when he gets sick and dies. They lose half of their livestock to the vicious winter. They fight in The last sequence in the film is supposed to be optimistic: the birth of a calf. Clyde calls Elinore urgently to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being the head first, the calf is in a footling buttocks presentation. He and Elinore must physically remove the calf from the birth canal. There are no CGI, animatronics, tricks, fakes or special effects: what you see is what happened, people: a calf is born in a bed of straw in a wooden barn in the light of the lamp. With that, the film does not stop but simply stops, leaving the viewer dissatisfied, but after a while you appreciate the film in its entirety, not only by its end. <br /> <br /> This little gem rewards patience and consideration. It can be seen long after most of the films of the last generation have been forgotten.
