Normally I am a jerk for romantic movies that are well filmed and act. This is a romantic (vintage) film set in seventeenth-century Italy, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that it is a period film means that it will inevitably be slower than the films set in the modern era, which is why it bores some. If you can ignore that fact, it's really a good movie. The landscape, the costumes and the cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and the actress are very convincing in their portraits, projecting the intensity of the emotions that run through the plot. The story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. It is easy to believe that this is an accurate representation of the characters in real life. Even though the main characters and the story moved me, I decided to check the validity of the story and discovered that the main theme of the film's story, that of a sad story of unfinished love, was completely manufactured. <br /> < In real life, Artemisia was raped by Tassi initially, instead of submitting to her advances voluntarily and passionately as the film had portrayed. She still had sex with him only because he had repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, he * had * not admitted guilty to rape for pity for the torture of Artemisia (unlike what the film portrays). In fact, he had tried to portray Artemisia as a promiscuous and loose woman with insatiable sexual impulses. In the film, her sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and had sex with her sister-in-law, and Tassi's character looked as if his sister had been slandering him about his alleged affair with him. sister-in-law (although he admits to having had a wife in Florence). Needless to say, actually, it was not like that at all. In fact, far from that. Tassi was really responsible in the planned murder of his wife, whom he had fathered for rape. And to add to that, Tassi actually had sex with her sister-in-law, impregnating her in the process, but all this was not really mutual as well. Once again, he had raped his sister-in-law earlier. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a multiple sex offender, what do we do with the movie that Artemis plays as a lover? We took it as an attempt to turn this movie into a romantic movie ... that this movie was never made to be historically accurate ... Apart from these points that I just mentioned, there were other historical inaccuracies, such as in their interpretation of Artemisia's art (In real life, she was never really influenced by Tassi's painting style, and she was actually considered a much better painter than Tassi.) One thing is still true and it is the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi has been recognized as the first a painter in history, and although her mastery of art rivaled many of her male colleagues, she had always had difficulty getting enough credit for her work because of her gender as a woman in seventeenth-century Italy. <br /> <br /> Enjoy this movie for itself, since it's a pretty good romantic drama, but it takes its historical references with a grain of salt.
