Rock solid giallo by a master filmmaker of the genre, Sergio Martino. Created from a wonderful script by Ernesto Gestaldi, this shocking mystery often develops fascinating twists until the fantastic ending that most will not see in the entire film. It's when everything fits, "Ahh ..." The film revolves around the death of a husband (... in an airplane explosion) and the million dollars that the wife receives from her. There are those who are very interested in that money, one in particular is the lover of the dead man. The wife is Lisa (Ida Galli) and the mistress who demands half the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She tells Lisa that she knows that she organized the death to get the insurance money. Lara says she will use her "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo) to obtain that money. So already, the film produces two possible suspects in the later murder of Lisa, who waits for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton plays Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that investigates those who get inheritance to see if the payday was collected by suspicious means. When, in her guard, Lisa is killed by a man dressed in black from head to toe in his hotel room, he is a possible suspect. He decides to do some research, while also assisting Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agent Benton (Tom Felleghy) in their search to find a killer. The killer hits several times eliminating anyone who turns around the missing million dollars confiscated by the person responsible for Lisa's murder. Soon, the film follows a journalist, Cléo Dupont (the delicious and delicious Anita Strindberg) when she and Peter meet for a dinner in which they can try to smell anything that can make a story. Soon they fall deeply in love, but it seems that someone who is close to Peter is killed. Soon, someone attacks Cléo with the intention of killing, which pushes the investigation into unknown territory. Why would anyone want to harm a journalist without real facts that harm the one who kills people? <br /> <br /> This giallo is very smart and exciting to follow. The film never calms down, which is quite remarkable, since many things happen that leave open the question of the murderer's identity. This film follows the path of the gialli with knife cuts due to a certain pattern that the murderer has taken (the throat and the lower part of the torso). The conclusion of the film involves all the complex loose ends and is quite satisfactory. The film has some unique camera angles, but offers the goods in terms of driving the plot and the execution of the mystery.
