Sergio Martino has impressed me recently with his Giallo classics 'The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh' and the unforgettable title 'Your Vice is a closed room and only I have the key', but still, I did not expect too much from this film. The Case of the Scorpion's Tail is not mentioned as much as the titles mentioned when it comes to the classic discussion of Giallo, but I do not know why, because this is at least as good as those two! Dario Argento may be the "king" of Giallo, but with the five films he made, Sergio Martino surely is not far behind. In a way, it even surpasses the teacher. All of Martino's films were released before the jewel in Argento's crown, the magnificent Profondo Rosso, so in the early seventies, Martino was king! The plot here follows the idea of ​​murder for profit, and follows the insurance payment of a rich man. His wife inherits $ 1 million, and it's not long before people go looking for his blood! When she appears dead soon after, an insurance investigator and a young, daring and attractive journalist follow the case. <br /> <br /> The case of the scorpion tail may not benefit the beautiful Edwige Fenech, but it does have two of Martino's collaborators on board. The most famous is George Hilton, who worked with Marino on The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh and All Colors of Darkness, along with other Giallos. Hilton has a great presence on the screen, and every time I see him in an Italian thriller; It becomes obvious why it is repeatedly cast. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered by Your Vice is a closed room, starring with Hilton and excellently offers the classic protagonist of Giallo. Sergio Martino does a good job in the director's chair once again, with several beautiful scenes, the best of which takes place in a room bathed in green light! The score of Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) creates an excellent atmosphere, but it is the script that, once again, is the driving force behind the success of Martino. Ernesto Gastaldi, the writer of the other four Martial Giallo, has produced a script that is exciting while staying away from Giallo's common trap of no sense; Releasing this movie from the rest of the illogical genre. The case of the tail of the scorpion is a quality film by Giallo, and another success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you will love this!
