The case of the tail of scorpion, by Sergio Martino, is a scenic giallo of the 70 years of apogee of the genre. An explosion on an airplane results in a million dollars in insurance money for a grieving but unfaithful wife. Later, a murderer dressed in black snatches the money and is followed by a series of brutal murders. <br /> <br /> Scorpion's Tail interprets the mystery element, written by giallo specialist Ernesto Gastaldi, quite direct. But, being a giallo, the murders themselves are memorable and well organized. In fact, the violence in this movie is very strong in some places: a scene with a broken bottle is particularly graphic. The emphasis on violence, undoubtedly, influences the gender giallo to move towards an increasingly extreme territory. But just like in the best films of the genre, brutality is compensated with a good score and an attractive photograph. Bruno Nicolai's music is sometimes reminiscent of Ennio Morricone's avant-garde work in The Bird with the Crystal Plumage, but he is also strong in his own right. Photography is favored by the good use of foreign places, in this case London and Athens, where Martino manages to enter, respectively, the Houses of Parliament and the Acropolis. There are also some inventive camera jobs, the most effective being the use of slow motion in a sequence in which a woman runs to the door where the maniac is hanging around outside. In this particular scene, Martino has the murderer through the door with a knife in a way influenced by Dario Argento's Plumage Crystal, however, he also has the murderous intent to open the latch with the blade of a knife that is something that it is repeated later. Argento in Suspiria. So Martino's film is influential in its own right. <br /> <br /> This is a good solid giallo that fans of genre and non-genre can appreciate. The yields are good and the production values ​​are good (although the plane's explosion is, say, low budget!). DVD release by NoShame is good. It has the options of English and Italian language, which is a real advantage. However, it is worth noting that, on occasion, you should be a quick reader to fully appreciate the option of English subtitles. This applies to both the film and the documentary in the extras. This is a minor point, however, the DVD release is a worthy addition to any giallo collection.
