Sergio Martino is a great director, who has contributed a lot to Italian genre films and, to the extent that I am considered, his Gialli from the 1970s is the highlight of his impressive repertoire. "The Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. "The case of the scorpion tale" of 1971 is one of these impressive films that Martino has contributed to the most original subgenre of Italian horror, and another proof that man is a master of atmosphere, style and suspense. My personal favorite of the Martino films I've seen so far is still the incredibly brilliant "Your vice is a locked room and I only have the key" from 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice Of Mrs Wardh "(1971), all of which I personally like even more than this one. However, that is purely a matter of personal taste, since "The Coda Dello Scorpione" is an equally excellent film that is essential for all fans of Italian horror cinema and suspense in general. <br /> <br /> The film, which offers The tempting suspense from the beginning has a complex and exciting plot that begins with the mysterious disappearance of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurance researcher Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is assigned to verify the circumstances of the insurance company that must pay a large sum to the deceased's wife. Shortly after Lynch begins to investigate, a person is brutally murdered, which is only the beginning of a series of murders ... "The case of the tail of the scorpion" offers all the elements an excellent Giallo necessarily. The film is amazingly suspense from the start, Bruno Nicolai's score is brilliant, the plot is wonderfully complicated and the murderer's identity remains a mystery until the end. Giallo's main leader, George Hilton, once again offers excellent performance at the helm. The sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely dazzling in female leadership. It includes the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the most brilliant characters of the Italian cinema-cinema of the 60s and 70s, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor who should be familiar to any lover of Italian cinema. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is actually an ideal setting for a Giallo. The atmosphere is constantly exciting, and the great photography, and the ingenious score by Bruno Nicolai makes the suspense even more intense. Long short story: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Giallo by Sergio Martino and a must for any subgenre lover. With style, suspense, and great in all aspects!
