I'm really tempted to reward "The Scorpion Tail Case" with a solid rating of 10 out of 10, but that would be largely because I think the Italian horror movies of the 1970s are SO better than corny garbage what I usually see But even without an additional point for nostalgia, this is STILL an authentic masterpiece and get a high rating for its excellently convoluted story, strange atmosphere, blood-soaked sequences of deaths and excellent launch options. In my humble opinion, this is actually the best giallo of Sergio Martino, and that has to mean something, like "The strange vice of Mrs. Wardh", "All the colors of darkness", "Torso" and "Your vice It is a blockade. " Room and only I have the Key "are all top-notch genre achievements too, but this movie is just a little bit superior with its ultra-convincing plot that revolves around insurance fraud that is totally out of control. Her husband's death in an airplane explosion (!), Lisa Baumer quickly becomes the suspect owner of a million dollars and is anxious to leave the country as soon as possible.Because of the strange circumstances, the insurance company puts her best researcher Peter Lynch in the case and he follows her to Greece.There, Lisa becomes the target of many assaults and the mystery of the case increases when it turns out that several people are looking for the money.I am always too anxious to briefly summarize gialli because I do not want to risk giving away essential elements of the plot In "The case of the scorpion's tail", the events take an abrupt and totally unexpected turn before the story reaches the middle, and I certainly do not want to ruin this for you. Many false leads follow after that, but Sergio Martino always manages to stay one step ahead of you and, although it is not 100% satisfactory, the outcome is at least surprising. It is also a very elegant film, with an imaginative camera work and excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. Edwige Fenech, the favorite giallo muse of the whole world, did not get to this cast (she stars no less than other three Martino gialli supreme), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in a Woman's Skin", "Who Saw Her Die?" ) is a more than worthy replacement for her. The charismatic and cunning George Hilton is reliable as always in his role as insurance researcher and ... duh ?? Luxury ladies man. If you are a fan of giallo, do not expect as much as I did to SEE THIS MOVIE !!!!
