Joan Crawford had just started her phase of "working girl makes good" with the dynamic "Paid" (1930). She had never tried a role like that before and the critics were impressed. Then, while other actresses wondered why their careers were sinking (because they clung to characters who had been "in" a few years before but were now turning into passes) Joan listened to the audience and assured her longevity as an actress. The depression was here and the babies of the jazz era who survived in an endless round of parties were badly seen. Of course, if you got rich by immoral means but suffered for it, it was fine. This movie begins with a spectacular party in a houseboat. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there, especially when she suggests everyone go for a swim in their underwear! However, when Bonnie's father suffers a heart attack, due to losses in the stock market, both Bonnie and her brother Rodney (William Bakewell) realize who their real friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail, Johnny Mack Brown of a poor man) offers to do "the right thing" and marry her, they had just spent a night together when Bonnie declared (with abandonment) that she wants love with approval, It begins to show some character when deciding to get a job. <br /> <br /> Find a job in a newspaper and quickly impress by his willingness to do well. His co-worker is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together they are assigned a task to write about the mafia's internal activities. Rodney also surprised her with the news that he also has a job. She is excited for him, but soon realizes that it is a contraband and he is mixed with the cold-blooded killer, Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney witnesses a mass shooting and shatters, "spilling the beans" to the first person he sees drinking at the bar, which is Bert. Then he is forced to kill Bert and then he hides. The paper extracts all the stops in an effort to find Bert's killer and sends Bonnie into hiding as a dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan dances very lively to "Accordian Joe", much to Sylvie's disgust). The film ends with an armed battle and, while Rodney lies dying, Bonnie speaks with tears of telephone in its history. <br /> <br /> This is a super movie in which Crawford and Gable give it their all. Natalie Moorehead, who like Sylvie shared a famous "cigarette scene" with Gable at the beginning of the film, was a "other woman" with style that became fashionable in the early thirties. William Bakewell had a great career (he began as a teenager in a Douglas Fairbanks film in the mid-1920s). Many of his roles were weak characters, without thorns. In this film he played the weak brother and was completely overtaken by Joan Crawford and the dynamic newcomer Clark Gable, maybe that's why he never became a star. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
