The second film by Abhay Deol, written by Imtiaz Ali, Shivam Nair's first directing effort. Probably, Soha has her first (?) Juicy role as Megha, a girl who has run away from home and is waiting in Delhi's marriage registry office for her boyfriend Dheeraj (Shayan Munshi) to meet her. She waits and waits and is finally seen as a damsel in distress by Ankush (Abhay Deol). They spend many days together while he frees her from one distressing situation after another and finally falls in love with her. Then the boyfriend returns! Aage pardey par dekhiye! Sounds familiar? This is another adaptation of Dostoyevsky's White Nights with a little loan from Le Notti Bianchi (although very small, Ankush keeps the lovers separated by telling her boyfriend that she is dead). But this is a more realistic and realistic adaptation (duh) than the much exaggerated and exaggerated Saawariya. I wonder why no one brought this little gem when we all talked about Saawariya like crazy a few months ago. <br /> <br /> The Delhi settings are wonderful: there is a mandatory race through old Delhi, Jama Masjid shots from a rooftop, Connaught Circus, streets with rickshaws (What? How?). The colored lights in the hotel are enough to tell you that this is a seedy place with rooms to rent per hour! <br /> <br /> The more I see of Abhay, the more I like this young man. In this second film, he is quite good as the hired witness that a beautiful woman gives him a purpose in life. Soha looks beautiful, and when she smiles she fits the paper, but I found it unconvincing in the most serious moments. I'm not sure that she has the ability to be a great actress, or maybe she'll bloom late as a brother. The music of Himesh Reshammiya is not so good and, in fact, the film fails in the songs, interrupts the narrative and does not feel good with the characters that try to sing them. The cast is excellent and I give my approval to this adaptation of White Nights. By the way, the fact that I love the beautiful dimples of Abhay Deol has NOTHING to do with my rating.
