Ahista Ahista is a small bright little boy. I started to see it, and at first I got a little bored because the pace was slow and the main idea that a boy knows a girl who is lost was not really new. But as the film progressed, I began to get more and more involved gradually with the film, the fantastic writing and the charming romance. The film was extremely simple and natural, and after a while I felt I was seeing a real documentation of a man's life. There is a very good reason why the film had this feeling, and it is the new talent named Abhay Deol. He is extremely convincing as the simple, friendly and fighter Ankush, whose new love motivates him to repair and fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is presented as a mischievous joker, but also as a person who helps and loves, who, like any other person, will do anything to protect his love. Deol portrays all the different tones of your character, either positive or negative, naturally and with total ease. <br /> <br /> The direction of Shivam Nair is very good. His description of the life of people in the rural neighborhood is excellent, but what impresses most is his depiction of Ankush's relationships with the different people around him, including his friends and his love. anything by I also liked the way Nair portrayed his interaction with the loud and plump mother of his friend whom he calls 'khala' (aunt) immensely. He likes to drive her crazy and bother her on all occasions, however, we see that she occupies a very special place in his heart and is like a mother figure to him, as several scenes show. Except Abhay, the rest of the cast performed well. Although Soha Ali Khan did not stand out according to me, she was good and had some of her mother's charm. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good, as was the actress who played 'khala' for Ankush. <br /> <br /> In addition to the performances, the composition of the film was exceptional. The dialogues were pretty ordinary but bright, and the script was also fantastic. This is mainly because, despite a not so new story, it was never exaggerated or melodramatic and there were no attempts to make it seem bigger than life. The biggest weakness of the film was the uninspiring music of Himesh Reshammiya that was not suitable for this film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a lovely watch and only improved with each scene. The concept may not be new, but the film looks fresh and becomes increasingly comforting as the story progresses. The ending was bittersweet, somewhat sad but optimistic. In short, this movie really grows slowly in you, and this can easily be attributed to the wonderful writing, the moving moments, the charming romance, the realistic procedures and, of course, the memorable performance of Abhay Deol.
