This period melodrama is one of the first claustrophobic films of Griffith. The characters trapped inside a room prevail throughout their work and, with the passage of time, they would become increasingly adept at portraying their helplessness and involving the audience in their terror. In the sealed room, without title, there is a big difference with respect to the normal plot line, in that there really is no escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith achieves the claustrophobic effect here in two ways. First is your use of space. While the typical biographical short could use a dozen or more games, The Sealed Room has only two contiguous rooms. The court of the king and the pigeon that becomes the tomb of the same name. The design of the set in these shorts is rarely referenced, but here it is crucial. The patio is a large interior, with a background that suggests a greater depth and shows us a window and a staircase. The actors enter and leave from various directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious but also free and open. In contrast, the back wall of the pigeon is very close to the camera, and the angles in it suggesting a hexagonal or octagonal shape make it seem even more confined. <br /> <br /> The second technique shown here is the cross. cut. Anyone interested in Griffith's work will probably know about its intensive use and the development of the cross section to increase emotion or tension. Many will also know that strictly speaking it was not their invention. However, what makes the cross sections of Griffith so effective is the way it moves in the opposite images to complement each other. The Sealed Room contains a good example of what I mean. The shots of the masons that move the heavy bricks have a slow step, step by step, and the tension increases as the wall rises. This movement is matched by the shots of the happily unconscious lovers, in which Marion Leonard plucks the petals from the flowers one by one. As the couple realizes their situation, their growing panic is complemented by the counter shot of the king who hits his sword against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this point, Griffith had yet to realize that the action could intensify. In addition, introducing a third strand in the cross section. The dramatic "walk to the rescue", here absent, would later become a standard climax of Griffith's images.
