For 1909, D.W. Griffith had been directing films for the Biograph company for about a year, and ?? Working at a rate of two or three per week? He was quickly beginning to develop his skills as a filmmaker. 'The Sealed Room' is a very interesting 11-minute short, a fascinating piece of Gothic melodrama that even delves slightly into the realm of early horror. The simple narrative was probably inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's 1848 short story, "The Cask of Amontillado," and refers to a powerful king who conceives a deliciously sadistic form of vengeance to punish his wife's infidelity. <br /> <br /> In medieval times, 'The Sealed Room' begins when the king (Arthur V. Johnson) oversees the construction of a windowless room from an isolated pigeon, with the idea that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place. to enjoy each other's company. Obviously, he is very much in love with her, always showing his affection, this last act is the supreme achievement of his affection. However, without the king's knowledge, his wife has fallen in love with the real troubadour (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic bond within the specially constructed room, the wife and juggler are discovered, and the disconsolate king conceives a means to obtain his retribution from the ignorant couple. In silence, he orders his workers to close the only door with stone and mortar, and they descend slowly to the madness of laughter as each new stone is placed. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith always had an eye for sharp details, and 'The Sealed Room' is an excellent early example of this. The luxurious costumes of the medieval century give the film a sense of reality, and the interior of the castle seems authentic enough to be credible. At that time, the director was also a pioneering method to create suspense, and I must admit that, as the film progressed, I became obsessed with discovering what would happen to the hapless young lovers. In the first few minutes, Griffith restricts his shots to long and prolonged shots from a fixed camera (as was usual at the time), but soon? Parallel to the progressively darker theme? Alter his editing tactics in a fascinating way. Although he may not have invented the technique, Griffith was crucial in popularizing the use of the "cross section". that is, alternating between different events that occur at the same time. This not only creates a sense of continuity, but also maximizes the level of suspense, since we, as the public, are aware, not only of the king's dreadful actions, but also that the wife and minstrel ignore it. all. <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, 'The Sealed Room' suffers many of the typical deficiencies of the era. The entire film takes place in only two rooms, with captured images of a total of only three positions, so it is prone to become boring and monotonous at times. Acting performances are greatly exaggerated by their extra effect, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his exaggeration actually helped to recognize the growing madness of the betrayed king. One moment that I thought was particularly effective was when the two lovers tried to leave the room, only to find their only door replaced by a solid stone wall. Their panic reactions, accompanied by the king's silent maniacal laughter, serve very well to create an imminent sense of claustrophobia. I thought, however, that his oxygen supply ran out surprisingly fast.
