After not having much luck in selling his scripts for the new film industry during the first decade of the twentieth century, in 1908 the playwright D.W. Griffith got the job that would make him a legend: he was hired by Biograph Company as a film director. It was not really what Griffith had expected when he decided to enter the film business, but he accepted the job, and in less than a year became the most successful director of Biograph thanks to his original approach to filmmaking and the wild inventor. of His narrative. Many years later, he would direct "The Birth of a Nation" in 1915, the film that would revolutionize cinema and make it one of the first recognized authors of cinema; however, much of what would make him a great filmmaker can be found in the many short films he made for Biograph Company in the early years of his career. "The Sealed Room" of 1909 is one of those, and also one of the few horror films of the first decade of the twentieth century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" is a story set in the 16th century. in which a Count (Arhtur V. Johnson) has built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small but pleasant and very cozy room, since it is destined to enjoy the love and the company of his wife, the countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. However, the Count does not know that his wife is not exactly faithful, since she is in love with the Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) in Court, with whom she has an affair. As soon as the Count takes care of his own business, the Countess calls the Juglar and both lovers go to enjoy the Count's new room. When the count returns, he discovers that she is missing and begins to suspect, finally discovering the two lovers in his room; but instead of making a scene, he prefers to remain hidden as he decides that there is a better punishment for his unfaithful wife: sealing the windowless room with the couple inside. <br /> <br /> Written by Griffiths regular contributor Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room" takes elements from "The Cask of Amontillado" by Edgar Allan Poe and mainly "La Grande Breteche" by Honoré De Balzac for create a disturbing Gothic melodrama based on the themes of betrayal and sadism. Despite having an execution time of 11 minutes, the script of Woods develops the story in a very good way and plays very well with the horror elements of the story. While it is a melodrama in the heart, Woods focuses on the character of the Count and his sadism creates one of the best horror characters of these times. "The Sealed Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but Woods' handling of the dark and morbid theme of his plot makes the story a very entertaining movie that was very different from most of Griffith's melodramas. <br /> <br /> In "The Sealed Room", Griffith uses his talents to experiment with tension and suspense in a different way than usual. While he often played with editing to create thrillers that thrilled his audience, in this film his approach was to create despair and horror, playing on the inherent feeling of claustrophobia that the original sources had. It is interesting how the story begins as another of his melodramas and, slowly, the rhythm becomes faster as the themes of horror begin to dominate the plot, culminating in his great use of editing for the final scenes. Not being a film in which camera tricks are essential, what shines most in "The Sealed Room" is Griffith's talent for directing his actors, as the legendary filmmaker manages to bring out the best in his cast with his usual natural style away from the world. the stupidity that was the norm in his time. <br /> <br /> As usual, the cast consisted of Griffith's usual collaborators, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as the Count. Johnson offers a great performance and really conveys the character's transition from loving the husband to a sadistic monster. His performance is not exempt from a touch of overacting, but in reality that adds realism to the character's exaggerated personality. As a Countess, Marion Leonard looks great and is also very effective in her performance, transmitting a natural charm that makes it difficult not to sympathize with her in her betrayal. Finally, the legendary Henry B. Walthall appears as the handsome Minstrel, and although far from being one of his best performances, he manages to give a competent performance that also adds a touch of comedy to the film. While it has no real significance to the plot, it is good to see other members of Griffith's corporation in the background, such as his wife Linda Arvidson and a young Mary Pickford as nobles in court. <br /> <br /> Although not exactly a masterpiece, "The Sealed Room" is a remarkable editing exercise to create suspense and tension as Griffith used to do in those days. The film has a very good set design and, although it has a very low budget, Griffith's care for details makes it look very convincing and works perfectly along with his style of direction. The change of focus to horror makes it stand out among other films of that era, and the performance of Johnson as the sadistic Count makes it worth seeing. While Griffith will always be remembered for his highly influential (and controversial) "The Birth of a Nation," the first short films he did before him really give a good idea of ​​the development of techniques and style that would make him a legend. . Simple but elegant, "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
