Excellent P.O.W. Adventure, adapted by Eric Williams from his own book (a pocket copy of which is part of my father's library) that was inspired by real events; It may well be the first movie of its kind and, therefore, has a lot to answer. not just similar examples of rigid lips, such as ALBERT, R.N. (1953, which I will be currently watching), THE COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER WITHIN (1959), but high profile releases from the other side of the Atlantic, namely, STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963). This, then, establishes the bases quite solidly: the British soldiers interned in a German camp design an ingenious escape plan, have they borrowed a page from the Greek legend? Digging under a vaulted horse used during physical exercise and in view of its captors! Actually, the film is divided into two parts: the first is about the slow process of digging the tunnel, which culminates in the escape, while the last stages represent their luck outside the camp when they try to reach neutral Sweden. Typically of these British films, the cast exhibits several established stars (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and promising (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers), not to mention the countless actors of reliable characters (Anthony Dawson). , Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). The three potential customers / escapees are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: while the first two remain together, the latter follows its own path. Only to collide with others when reaching safety. As you might expect, the narrative involves a lot of suspense and emotion; as with most of those focused on men P.O.W. In the sagas, too, female interest is kept to the minimum possible. Did not director Lee have a long career? With this and something similar (although with a change of configuration and point of view) A CITY LIKE ALICE (1956) his most remarkable achievements? but he certainly took care of all the gripping situations in this case (even if, reportedly, the delays in the filming caused Lee to leave his post prematurely, leaving the producer Ian Dalrymple with the task of tying loose ends!) . Anyway, it is worth mentioning especially the exquisite lighting (especially during the nocturnal sequences).
