This is the true story of how three British soldiers escaped from the German prisoner of war camp, Stalag Luft III, during World War II. This is the same prisoner of war camp that was the Great Escape scene that resulted in the murder of 50 officers re-captured by the Gestapo (and later became a very successful film of the same name). <br /> <br /> While the other prisoners of war in Stalag Luft III are busy working in their three massive tunnels (known as Tom, Dick and Harry), two British entrepreneurial prisoners had the idea of ​​building a horse with a vault wood that could be placed near the composite wire fence, shortening the distance that would have to tunnel from this starting point to freedom. The idea of ​​constructing their version of the Trojan Horse occurred to them as they discussed the "classic" attempts to escape and observed some prisoners of war who play jumping into the complex. <br /> <br /> Initially it contained one, and then with Two prisoners of war hidden inside, the wooden horse could be carried out in the enclosure and placed almost in the same position, near the fence, on a daily basis . While the POWS volunteers jumped on the horse, the fugitives were busy inside the horse digging a tunnel under the horse of the vault while it was placed near the cable, under the cable and in the forest. <br /> <br /> The story also details the dangers faced by two of the three escaped prisoners of war while traveling through Germany and occupying Europe after they emerged from the tunnel. The three prisoners of war who tried to escape actually hit homers (they successfully escaped to their base of operations). The Wooden Horse gives a very accurate and true feeling of tension and the events of a prisoner of war rupture. The film was filmed in real places along the route that the two prisoners of war traveled on their escape. Made with much less budget than The Great Escape, The Wooden Horse is more realistic, if not more exciting than The Great Escape, and never stops staying away from the edge of your seat by encouraging prisoners of war to escape. <br /> <br /> The story line is sharp and the performance sounds real and tense enough to maintain tension throughout the film. The Wooden Horse is based on the book of the same name by one of the escapees, Eric Williams, and is, by far, the best POW escape story that has been turned into a movie. Some of the actual prisoners of war were used in the film to repeat their existence as prisoners in Stalag Luft III. I give this movie about ten well deserved.
