Something about the 40-year-old Virgin and the other summer hit comedy, Wedding Crashers, is similar, but they are two different movies in some aspects. Both are romantic comedies that have that kind of exaggerated and crazy sensitivity that keeps teenagers and boys in their 20s together with regular dating people to go see the movies. They both have some kind of formula for stories too. But at the end of the 40-year-old Virgin, I think that, in general, I found that it was more satisfying than 'Crashers'. Although one can guess how the story will relate to the character of Steve Carrell, Andy and Catherine Keener, Trish, is not too basic to understand with Crashers, and the characters they lead and support are realistic, more complete than most. of one-dimensional or unexplained people in the other. And, maybe, it can also depend on how much you identify (or just find the madness) in both. <br /> <br /> The thing is that some people can enter the 40-year-old Virgin without knowing Steve Carrell as well. like Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, since Carrell has acquired his cult status in The Daily Show (one of my favorite shows now) and in small but unforgettable and unbridled roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first leading role, but it is not treated as a third class vehicle. He and co-writer and director Judd Apatow treat Andy's character with a certain level of sincerity that keeps the audience on his side all the way, even from the start as he talks to his action figures as he repaints them. It is also a complicated line to walk: in the hands of the landlord, this might not be more or less entertaining than the Lackluster 40 Days and 40 Nights with Josh Hartnett (also on sexual dysfunction). As the title suggests, Andy is 40 years old and is like a good friend with a little Pee-Wee Herman in him (the opening of his apartment credits is hilarious, a good sign). <br /> <br /> Then, his friends (among them Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all of them very good comedians) try to devise different strategies and tips to finally break the kind of curse on Andy's head to make Pop your cherry, so talk. Almost gets with a woman too drunk, almost with a strange girl, and almost with his own boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in the mockumentaries) as a companion (explosive). But this soon begins to fade as he enters into a meaningful relationship with Trish, who works in front of him. As they are based on a relationship that is not based on anything in sex, one might worry that the plot of "how are you going to say that and that" gets in the way of comedy. It does not In fact, in any case, Carrell and the cast build it to a large extent. For almost an hour and a half of the film's two-hour duration, there was hardly a moment when I was not laughing, big or small. <br /> <br /> The big laughs, although they do not compensate any kind of formalities with the plot, or one or two small lost stories (the co-workers also have their own relationship problems, being Rudd the most fun). The big laughs come due to Carrell's reactions, and that the people around him can back up his own kind of humor / charm, or that's true. Keener gives a very good performance and does it so that there is a genuine spirit in their relationship (and, like 'Crashers', there is not so much that does not make sense for the characters). For someone like me, who loves when a comedian can get laughs by the way it looks on his face, Carrell gets very high points here. And as with a Farrelly brothers film, the most obscene and scandalous scenes are performed with total absurdity; The 'waxed' scene (which was actually done, by the way) and the type of musical number of Aquarius towards the end of the film (the way it appears at the beginning is a total and disturbing surprise). But if you are willing not to offend you, there is more where it came from. This is one of the funniest movies of the year.
