The critique of the film EVENING, based on Susan Minot's novel and adapted for the screen of Minot and Michael Cunningham, has been harsh, so harsh that it may have discouraged many viewers from trying the film. The main criticism focused on the fact that in this film very little happens about the fact that a dying woman worries about a mistake she made a summer in her youth, that famous actors were assigned minor roles, that all the production was overrated, etc. For this viewer, seeing the movie on a DVD in the quiet of the house, there was a very different reaction. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) is dying in her house next to the ocean and her medication and memories allow her to share the name of a man, 'Harris', with her two daughters Nina (Toni Colette ) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). While her daughters sit next to her bed, Ann relives a particular summer when she was the maid of honor of her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer), a marriage that both Ann (Claire Danes and young Ann) and the alcoholic brother of Lila Buddy (Hugh Dancy) objected. , feeling that Lila was simply marrying a man of her class instead of the boy she had loved: Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of his housekeeper who had become a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are interwoven in a series of infatuations and romances that have been kept secret until now, 50 years later, when Ann is dying. The elder Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end and reveals the secrets: "there are no such things as mistakes, life simply continues". The film is a piece of delicate humor and the script of Minot and Cunningham is rich in ambiance and subtle life lessons. Yes, there are gaps in history that could have used more explanations, but to maintain the aura of nostalgia for the words of a dying lady, such "holes" are understandable. The film features the presence not only of Redgrave, Richardson (the real daughter of Redgrave), Collette, Gummer (the real daughter of Streep), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson, but also with a set of distribution of brief but very solid performances. The stage is magnificent (photograph by Gyula Pados) and the musical score is by the unparalleled Jan A.P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Ser Julia") directs. Judge this movie on your own ... Grady Harp
