So many wonderful actresses in a movie serve as a practical invitation to the local movie theater, so I responded accordingly. Here are some comments ... <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is excellent even while lying in bed. She also looks very old and I do not think this is achieved with a lot of makeup, which is a good thing for the film, but something sad for us film fans. I think his aging has become a bit harsh in recent years. Claire Danes continues her welcome return to the movies and exudes a definite warmth. The resemblance of Mamie Gummer to her mother Merly Streep, both in terms of physical appearance and acting style, is so surprising that I lost my concentration in the film for a couple of minutes after her entry. She is surprisingly good; However, similarity has the danger of working against it. I agree with a previous comment: Natasha Richardson definitely did a plastic job in the face. Certainly, it does not look like how I remember it from previous films ("Nell", for example). Both she and Toni Collette unfortunately do not make much impression in part because they do not seem convincing as sisters. Your game is weak. Toni Collette is also too old for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep had to have more screen time. The performance of Streep is actually little more than a cameo. His scenes, on the other hand, have a greater emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins provides a bit of dry wit, especially in her second role as an imaginary nighttime companion to Redgrave's character. As for men; Hugh Dancy animates the film considerably even though it offers broader performance than necessary. In fact, as soon as it leaves the story, it begins to crawl. It is also in his honor that he manages to create the necessary precise sense of youthful charm in the viewer. Patrick Wilson, on the other hand, is a complete void in the center of the film. It also has the misfortune that the script is not enough to explain why three people (one of them a man) are so in love with this man. The background of this should have developed further. <br /> <br /> The cinematography is excellent as expected. However, the main set of the summer house could not convince me. It does not seem natural at the top of that rocky hill, particularly with its patch of grass in the front. A little too much like cardboard. <br /> <br /> In general, the film is a classy production, but a feeling of "he saw everything in everything", "cried in everything" before invaded me during most of his production. the duration and, consequently, did not achieve the kind of impact on me that I expected from a tearjerker. However, he still managed to make me reflect on the passage of time, on one's expectations of life and to what extent they are fulfilled or not. It's worth trying at least on DVD if not in the movies ...
