After watching Evening's trailer, it's likely that first I think how well the cast is involved (I mean they even got Brad, Barry Bostwick, from Rocky Horror, to show the world he's still acting), and the next second about how they just showed us the whole movie. Although it is not entirely true, the film is pretty well summarized in the trailer, and that is not necessarily a bad thing. This is a story about a dying woman who is remembering a long time ago when she met the love of her life, the one that escaped. Her daughters hear her remembering the people they've never heard of and the story of what happened when she and Harris killed Buddy, soon disappears. However, no matter what happens, the film does not deal with these people and what they do, good or bad. It is a vehicle to show that there are no mistakes in life. What may be repentance could be, in fact, the only instance in your life that had to happen so that the good times that continue to happen. <br /> <br /> The story itself is very well told and very obviously adapted from literature. . Our filmmakers here decide to tell the story by interspersing the present (Ann on her deathbed), the state of dreams (Ann hallucinating combining the present with the past in her mind) and the past (Ann knowing Harris at her wedding). best friend). There are some moments when the cuts are a little abrupt, and the progression of the past is so good that it is possible that the present things are a bit long and boring, but in general they are handled better than previously thought. It is not as if Ann's life is not interesting now, it only has less to do with the plot than with the morality learned. While I acknowledge that parallels with the past help alleviate the problems of Ann's children today, I was still too absorbed in the wedding to worry as much as I should have. However, there are some good moments, however, the shock that Ann awakens from the dream is reflected later, and the cryptic dreams that unite both worlds. <br /> <br /> It's the acting that makes the flashbacks so exciting and fluid. These performances are completely fascinating to the point where you get angry a little when our time period has changed and we must wait to find out what happens next. No matter how upset she finds the angry / sad / tearful face of Claire Danes that exists in every role she plays, the girl is good at what she does. Lately I'm getting warmer more and more to their talents and this only promotes thawing. Patrick Wilson is always good at whatever he has seen him. You must give him credit for having chosen some really fantastic roles and never do much more than one movie a year. From Angels in America to Little Children last year, the boy will soon explode, but hopefully he will stay true to the trade and not the collection. Shit, even Mamie Gummer is good as the youngest version of her real-life mom, Meryl Streep, (who surprisingly is in the movie very little). She is still rough around the edges, but it was wonderful to express the emotional turmoil her character goes through on her wedding day. The real revelation, however, is Hugh Dancy. I feel I have seen it in many things, but in fact it seems that only in King Arthur. Dancy literally steals all the scenes he's in and the way his Buddy role is ravaged by love / alcohol / life is etched into his facial expressions at all times. Without their performance, the flashback sequences could have fallen into the somewhat forgettable category like the rest of the movie and make the experience much worse. <br /> <br /> Although it is not completely original in the way the writers wrote it. Later, the afternoon brings intelligence and craftsmanship to the table. It is possible that the length and number of scenes cut to unite all may fail, but you can not argue that it is not worthwhile to stay with the performance. Maybe a film version of the wedding alone could have been something to do, however, when everything is organized, there may also be something that could not have been achieved without all the other threads of the story. Either way, the reward is worth it for the most part and each plane of reality ends with its own subtle beauty and lives up to what it was before.
