While on her deathbed, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) repeats the name "Harris" and remembers the day of the 50s when she was an aspiring singer and traveled from New York to be the maid of honor of her rich friend Lila Wittenborn ( Mamie Gummer) in Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) is greeted by the alcoholic and reckless brother of Lila, Buddy (Hugh Dancy) at the Wittenborn house on the coast and tells her that her sister is in love with her friend and servant Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), who fought in the war and has graduated in medicine. Later, the future bride confesses her true feelings about Harris to Ann. However, when Ann meets Harris, she is attracted to him and they have a brief love affair for one night while a tragedy occurs with Buddy. Meanwhile, Ann's daughters, the insecure and unstable Nina Mars (Toni Collette) and the happy wife and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson), are concerned with their mother and have to resolve the differences. <br /> <br /> "Afternoon" has one of the best female models I've seen in a movie, with great performances. The resemblance of the amazing Mamie Gummer with her mother Meryl Streep is amazing and has a performance that honors the name of her mother. The locations, the costumes, the scenery, the cinematography and the soundtrack are also impressive. Unfortunately, the plot is confused and I have not clearly understood the message of this movie. Why is motherhood so important in history? Was Constance sired on Ann and Harris's nightstand and would he be her father? Why Ann and Harris have not stayed together, if the man really loved her as he confesses in his occasional encounter in New York? What problems has Ann Lord resolved after Lila Ross's visit? Buddy Wittenborn was bisexual or was his love for Harris a brotherly love? Why did Nina Mars change her thoughts about motherhood in the end? It seems that the film script writers or the director failed, as they were not able to give meaning and fulfillment to the beautiful love story. My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("In the Eventide")
