The afternoon is the beautiful story of a mother's imperfect love. The film is divided in time, it is filmed magically, it acts in an amazing way and has a touching script. Vanessa Redgrave plays Anne Grant Lord, a woman who gets in the sun of life. Lying on her bed, her mind remembering and failing, she remembers her first mistake. Claire Danes plays the young Anne, who gives a dying woman a youthful vitality. The daughters Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) try to decipher the true story of the discouraging dementia. His first mistake revolves around Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); The man his best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) loved deeply. Daughters must accept their mother's past and their future. The cast is shining in the night. The collective energy of this film could have driven the team to the production of this whole movie. I am very happy to see Claire Danes working again, especially in this role. She is very young and alive, fully living the joys, the mistakes and the pain of the first mistake of young Anne. This is a real feat when you realize that she is playing a woman, dying in bed. When your life overwhelms you, you may feel your desire to break and your desperate hope that it will not. Some of his facial expressions bothered me a little, but in general, his performance was so radiant that I was left with that alone as a side note. Toni Collette continues to prove that you can be a powerful actress without being a super model. She plays the black sheep of the family; A little lost Nina finds a lot of strength in her mother's mistake. Collette delicately avoids creating a cruel character who delights in her mother's mistakes, instead of choosing the smartest way to learn from her mother's mistakes. There is a lot of infighting between Nina and her sister Constance. Their fights remind me of the ones I have with my sister all the time. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anne's young friend, is wonderful. His character is caught between his heart and his status in society. Even when she is crying and her heart breaks, she is incredibly real and charming. I can not wait to see her act on something else in the future. The performance of Vanessa Redgrave is very difficult to describe for me. His talent for making his mental state ambiguous without being crazy or even especially tragic is why it is so powerful. The audience does not know if he is making up the story because he is running away or if these events really happened. Physically and emotionally speaking, Redgrave is acting in a box. Not much physical space and a limited emotional range could have been a wonder for a minor actress, but it makes limitations work for her. I was constantly amazed. The film is definitely focused on women, but the men in the film are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson is fascinating as Harris. No wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him, sure yes. Buddy Wittenborn is Lila's brother, out of control. Hugh Dancy turns Buddy out of control without sending his performance down the drain. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. It reminded me of the famous Monster's Ball scene. It is terrible and the jaw drops the pain. I was completely stunned. The only disappointment that acted was Natasha Richardson. While his fight scenes were memorable, most of his performance reeks of melodrama. He would have agreed to take a shower before we had to breathe in his stench. It's good that she was not in charge of the images. The images in the film are brilliant. The director of photography Gyula Pados could not make a film richer in color, so perfect for the mood and emotion. The visual concepts of flash back sequences are powerful and resonant. There were many scenes that could have stopped, printed, mounted and sold as art. I admit it, I cried. Night is a powerful movie. The night is definitely a movie for girls, but really a great movie for girls. If you want to impress a woman with a movie option, choose Evening.
