Since I started reading the book on which this film is based, I have mixed feelings about the filmed result. I learned a while ago to see the film adaptation of a book before reading it, because I discovered that if I read the book first, the film inevitably disappointed me. Undoubtedly, this would have been true here, whereas in the case of Atonement, which is probably the best film adaptation of a book I've seen, it probably would not have mattered. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to find out what the cause is, and I suspect I have to point directly to Michael Cunningham. As much as I respect for The Hours (which I have not read but I saw and that impressed me) I can not escape the feeling that it did not adapt Susan Minton's book as much as the one that took some of the characters and the basic premise. and write your own movie out of it. <br /> <br /> It's not that I do not like the movie. Actually I love the movie, that's why, since I started reading the novel, I feel disturbed by the whole thing. I feel disloyal to Mrs. Minton for enjoying the movie, which was a great departure from her work. By reading it, I can understand why she had such difficulty adapting it. Unlike what a critic of the movie said, it's not so much that some novels do not deserve to be a movie; It's more like some books just can not make the transition. Ms. Minton's novel operates at such a personal and intimate level for her central character, so internally, that I find it impossible to place her in a physical setting. Although much of the book is memory of real events, it is memory, and is so fragmented and ethereal that it seems, you can not film. I think that Mrs. Minton's work is a true work of literature, but she can not make the transition to film, which in no way detracts from her value. <br /> <br /> I still can not report that Evening, the film, does not represent the night, the novel, in the most superficial way, since I'm halfway there, but the original would have to make a big leap for look like the movie that follows at this point. I guess I'm writing this because I think if you're going to adapt a novel, adapt it, but do not do anything else. I'm not sure if Michael Cunningham has done anything completely original, but from what I can see so far, all the things he has done are based on someone else's work. We would not have The Hours if Virginia Woolf had not written to Mrs. Dalloway, and we would not have Evening, in her anguished form, if Susan Minton had not had so much trouble doing what probably should not have been tried in the first place. But it is too much to say that it would be better if Mrs. Minton had left quite well alone, because Evening, the film, is a satisfactory and beautiful work by itself. <br /> <br /> So my confusion, mixed feelings, sense of disloyalty and final conclusion that, in this case, the novel can not be the film and vice versa, and my final gratitude to both writers for doing what they did , so that we both work as they are.
