The first "parallel history" in the universal universe of Gundam of the century presents a new and refreshing look at the war between the earth and the space colonies. The attention is no longer focused on a small group of people who would play a fundamental role in the conflict, but on the everyday civilian population and on how war looks through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The story yes. contains some staples of Gundam, whose premise are the attempts of a ZEON squad to capture an experimental Gundam, but it is the execution of the plot that made this show so interesting to watch. This series focuses on the experiences of a boy named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, Christina McKenzie, who is secretly a pilot of the Federation and a rookie pilot of Zeon named Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of "brotherly love" for Bernie, while our young pilot Zeon also falls in love with Christina. <br /> <br /> "War in the Pocket" shows that you do not need an epic story about special individuals to do For a good war story. There are no super pilots or large-scale fleet battles that can be seen here. This short episode of 6 OVA focuses much more on the emotional drama of the character on other topics such as politics or philosophy and I love how realistic the characters are. Alfred is your typical everyday kid who plays violent computer games and thinks the military is great. Then he is given an intensive course in the horrible realities of war. The friendship and the unlikely union between Bernie and Christina, who do not know they are soldiers in different sides of the war, are played in a very real way without exaggerating with the romantic drama. The same goes for the endearing relationship between Alfred and Bernie. That said, I would not want to ruin much of the story here, but it makes it much more heartbreaking to watch the tragedies unfold as the show progresses to its emotionally devastating end of the turn. <br /> <br /> Despite his lack of action, this show never falls into the "boring" category. The characters are attractive enough to carry the whole show. Do not worry, since there are a series of mobile game action scenes scattered here and there. Each one is beautifully animated at a level that exceeds that of an OVA and is sure to satisfy the desire for some "mandatory" mobile suit battles in a Gundam series. <br /> <br /> Normally watching anime in Japanese or English, i would be left to personal preference. But in this case, I highly recommend the English voice track on the Japanese one. Not only the characters, to whom all but Alfred are Caucasian, sound more believable in English, but the interpretations of the voice in English are on par and even exceed the Japanese, infusing each character with emotions and intonations so realistic that only they sound acting in some live action television dramas. <br /> <br /> In summary, this program does not try to impress the public. What it does is convey numerous touching themes that hit closer to home, especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of a child. A truly moving little story that deserves more credit than it is given.
