This is a complex film that explores the effects of Fordist and Taylorist modes of industrial capitalist production on human relationships. There are constant references to the production of the assembly line, where workers are treated like gears on a machine, supervised by managers who use clipboards, control how much hair workers are exposed and fire workers (Stanley) who meet all the criteria (as your supervisor says, they are always on time, they are workers, they do a good job), but who in an unspecified future can make a mistake. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families: Stanley has to send his father to a nursing home (where he dies quickly) after Stanley loses his job. Iris's daughter is a single mother who leaves high school to work at the plant. Reference is made to the fact that now, with the decrease in salaries, both partners must work, which implies that there is no one in the home to take care of the children. Iris' husband has died of an illness, and with the multiple references in the film about the costs of medical care, the viewer must ask himself if he could have lived with better and more expensive care. Iris's brother-in-law becomes abusive after another failed day at the unemployment office when his wife yells at him for buying a beer with his savings instead of leaving it for face and / or teeth washing (even the stakeless working class in the conventional bourgeois notions of perfection and beauty they buy in them). The only reference to race in the film is through a worker in the black line of a factory whose husband is in jail (presumably, he is also black, and black men suffer disproportionately high incarceration rates). She comments that he, like her, "is making time", his family is composed of a prisoner and a salaried slave. <br /> <br /> Stanley, however, still believes in human relationships and, therefore, is for most of the films outside the system of Fordist capitalism. He worries about his father, despite the fact that it was his father's street vendor job that resulted in his illiteracy: he has not yet reduced human relationships to a purely instrumental contract, as does Iris's brother-in-law ( which suggests that "the wrong sister was married"). He, as Iris says, does not fit the work-eating-sleeping routine of everyone else; rather, it uses technology and industrial production techniques in an artisanal and creative way, in a kind of Bauhaus ideal. This was the dream of the early modernists and the 1920s socialists (like the Bauhaus): to use technology to satisfy all basic needs, allowing more free time for creative human work and more complete human relationships. It is also outside of traditional gender relations. He cooks, cleans, takes care of his family and knows how to iron. Iris, on the other hand, lives in a traditionally masculine role: she works in a factory, she is the main source of income for her (extended) family, and she brings Stanley into the public sphere, traditionally forbidden to women. By teaching her to read and write, she gives access to the world of knowledge, also traditionally male with gender. <br /> <br /> Literacy is used here as a metaphor for the public realm (traditionally male) and Circulation systems (monetary, vehicular, cultural) that allow participation in the public sphere. Without this access, Stanley is feminized, the jobs that are opened are cooking and cleaning. Is excluded from all regular circulations, can not participate in the money (can not open a bank account), in the vehicle (can not obtain a driver's license, can not travel on the bus), and in the social (he ask if it exists if you can not write its name). <br /> <br /> After learning to read, he takes books on car repair, agriculture and spirituality (the Bible). The Word of God is, therefore, relativized, placed on the same level of value as the instruction books. In fact, organized religion in general is only occasionally present: the Bible also appears on a dresser while the camera explores to find Stanley and Iris having sex. However, it is recognized as a moral force. Iris, clearly a character dedicated to living a "good" life, mentions at the beginning of the film that her rosary was among the lost objects in a bag that was snatched away. <br /> <br /> Once you can read, enter the system and get a management position with a health care plan, a car and a house, taking your place in front of the family, the breadwinner. Presumably, he is an industrial designer, he is inventing products that will require others to bear the load of the assembly line to produce. This ending, probably the only conventional Hollywood part of the movie, is so incongruous with everything that has happened before that at least I wonder if some studio executive was not forced to do so suddenly worried about the lack of an end to feel good. and its potential effect on the final balance. <br /> <br /> Now that, according to experts, we have moved comfortably to postindustrial capitalism, the film also has a somewhat nostalgic feel, as if it needed The Historical Distance to really analyze what happened during that period. <br /> <br /> However, it is highly recommended, at least if you want to exercise your brain. Ignore the end, and it's close to a perfect 10.
