I love All Dogs Go to Heaven, even if it's a boy. This and The Land Before Time are the best animated films that Don Bluth has done! In the film, Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) receives help from his friend Itchy (Dom DeLuise), freedom of the pound in New Orleans 1939. Charlie, who is in the casino business, wants to share the equality with his partner Carface ( Vic Tayback). Carface, who is not willing to share the same with Charlie, pushes a car on a bridge to Charlie and kills him! Charlie enters heaven and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore) who shows Charlie that his time is up by showing him a clock that has stopped and she explains that All dogs go to heaven because all dogs are naturally good. Charlie hides the chronometer behind him, returns it and returns to Earth alive with Annabelle screaming. You will never be able to return! Charlie meets Itchy and they go and explore soon to discover that Carface not only tried to murder Charlie, but also kidnapped an orphan girl named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface leaves Charlie and Itchy help Ann Marie escape. The next day, Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie go looking for money! Ann Marie sees a couple that she thinks would be a great father to her! While Ann Marie talks to the couple, Charlie walks up behind the man and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to a horse race where they bet the man's money so that a horse wins the race! The horse they said they would win would end up winning and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie were paid $ 1,000 for the bet! Charlie promises Ann Marie that he will use the money to give to the poor, but ends up buying a new casino and gambling and buys pizza for his friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon Ann Marie discovered that Charlie stole the man's wallet and used his money in the horse race and everything! Sorry Charlie because of this he has a dream of going to hell and the devil! Soon Charlie wakes up and discovers that Ann Marie is gone! She has gone to return the wallet to the couple who forgives her for the wallet and invites her to breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to go with him and she pretends to be sick, but is captured by mice trying to feed them to King Gator, but they manage to escape! Soon Carface appears and captures Ann Marie. He plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to the rescue and calls King Gator who eats Carface. Charlie's time is over and he must die again. The itching, with the help of the other dogs, finds the couple that took Ann Marie and took them to where Ann Marie is. They arrived in time to save Ann Marie, but it's too late to save Charlie, the time is over! Charlie, who is rewarded for his heroic effort to save Ann Marie, is welcome back to heaven, but before entering, he says goodbye to Ann Marie, who has been adopted by the couple and asks him to take care of Itchy for him. She says yes and tells Charlie that she loves him and goodbye! Charlie enters the sky again as it is said All dogs go to heaven! Filled with wonderful animations, characters and stories, Don Bluth has shown us again that he is a good animator! What a pity that this movie premiered the same year as Little Mermaid, which is my favorite Disney movie! They both left in 1989, which was the year before I was born! I guess I'll have to call them the Best Animated Features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
