First, 'St. Ives' film is based on Robert Louis Stevenson's story of the same name, but for once, this is not a criticism. The original novel was a work in progress, unfinished after the author's death, and by adapting it and giving it an ending, the filmmakers have given life to some endearing characters that, although different from Stevenson's originals, I'm sure I've bewitched him and happy <br /> <br /> It is 1813: Capitaine Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat, orphan from the guillotine of the Revolution, who now serves as a hussar in Napoleon's army. We meet him at night, claiming that, given that a hussar who is not dead at 30 is "a black guard", he, at 34, is now "on borrowed time". Certainly, when faced with a series of challenges to duels, our great hero seems to be in danger, but a surrealist joke in his Colonel allows him to get out of duels and get into the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. Unfortunately, it also results in the loss of his commission ... Other misadventures cause the British to take him prisoner and send him to a prisoner of war camp in a Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> While carving toys and boxes, Jacques draws the attention of Flora, the young niece of Miss Susan Gilchrist, a woman from the busy world who lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of the story is about Flora helping Jacques escape and finding his emigrated grandfather, old Comte. Of course, there is a problem. Jacques's older brother, Alain, a dissolute alcoholic, is, perhaps understandably, far from happy when his grandfather disinherits him in front of the whole house, at the very moment that Jacques appears ... Cue treason! There is also an entertaining secondary argument from the uncomfortable, naive but kindhearted commander, Major Farquhar Chevening and Aunt Susan, who has toured most of the Ottoman Empire and been imprisoned by the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even allowing a natural prejudice in favor of any movie in which the heroines share my surname, 'St. Ives is magical! It combines splendidly the combats with swords, the flight in balloon, the comedy and the romantic adventure. I would recommend it to anyone who loves "the kind of movie they no longer do": Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, and company. The performance is splendid. Anna Friel turns Flora into an energetic and attractive heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr is a delight like Jacques, a really friendly hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already my favorites, and they have a lot of fun like Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship works as a comical counterpoint to that of the leaders. As the rogue, intriguing, but ultimately tragic, Alain, Jason Isaacs demonstrates, as he did most recently in 'The Patriot', that he has the classic swashbuckling style, in addition to the elegant look! Please, please, will someone choose you as a * hero * in the genre? !!! <br /> <br /> My main problem with movie settings and costumes. In the book, the castle in which Jacques is imprisoned is clearly Edinburgh, but the film, filmed in Ireland, Germany and France, has "Highlandized" the stage, making the retention of names of places like Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry be decidedly incongruous. The costumes are also a real hotch-potch, from the 1780s to the period in which they are placed. While this would not be unlikely with more characters of the bear market "doing", it seems strange that well-to-do women, like the heroines, wear scrubs from the 1780s in 1813. Clearly, the decision to dress was aesthetic: these earlier styles are visually much more attractive and elegant than the Regency fashions, and they work in the idealized world of the film. In general, 'St. Ives' is 90 minutes of pure delight.
