Like his older brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began to brush his teeth in French cinema with a series of suspense films: "La Menace" (1977) and "Série Noire" (1979), among other. "Police Python 357" is a good example of how Corneau conceived and filmed his works at this moment in his career. They had a splendid cinematography, meticulous scripts and a sophisticated direction elaborated for reasons of efficiency. <br /> <br /> Superintendent of Police Ferrot (Yves Montand) is a policeman with unconventional methods who usually works alone. He meets a young Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) and becomes his lover, ignoring that he has another lover: his superior Ganay (François Périer). When the latter learns, he kills her in a fit of rage. Ferrot has to investigate the murder and all the clues are inexorably against him ... <br /> <br /> One might consider that this type of exaggerated story is not exempt from technical errors and, sometimes, you can see Through However, Corneau's pedantic direction style helps create a suffocating and dark environment. The first part of the film before the night of the murder may seem uninteresting and, nevertheless, it is crucial for what will follow this key moment. Corneau resorts to a sober treatment with rather rare moments and brief appearances of minor secondary characters whom the spectator will see again during the investigation. Despite the drawbacks, Corneau and his screenwriter Daniel Boulanger wrote a good story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière) who sometimes expresses his surprise because Ferrot maintains a relatively low profile during the investigation. But his superior knows that he usually works alone. Actually, Ferrot has to find solid tricks to muddy the waters and thus exonerate himself. Eventually, the main idea of ​​the film concerns Ferrot himself. He is a policeman who little by little loses his identity and finds himself at the heart of a terrible depersonalization. He is personified at the moment when acid is splashed on his face so that witnesses do not recognize him when he comes face to face with them. <br /> <br /> The backdrop of this thriller, Orléans is efficiently enhanced by the Corneau camera and helps inspire this mysterious thriller with its pernicious charm.
