['Knowing what to expect (in general) from a performance by Denzel Washington (quality, integrity, gravity, ironic humor) will prepare him for what he can expect from his directorial debut. Like Robert De Niro&#39;s A Bronx Tale, Antwone Fisher presents the moving drama of a young man&#39;s life and the effects of key figures in his life. As in A Bronx, Tale De Niro played one of these key figures of the main character (he himself was born to be a character, but he was also too old). Washington assumes a similar role in this as the paternal adviser to the titular character: a character. That seems like it should be played by a Washington for 20 years. He is thankful that Washington is too old to play Antwone because if he did, in the first place we would be deprived of the marvelously measured performance and intelligent nuances he gives as a Navy adviser. However, what is more important, we could not see the proud, we can only hope that the creation of stars becomes the main role of Derek Luke. Inevitably, the character appears molded in the shape of Washington, however, gives the impression that this is not just because Washington directed him, not because Luke was trying to copy it, but Luke is so genuinely powerful and an actor as powerful as Washington. Washington took too long to receive the Academy Award he deserved for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress and The Hurricane. Let&#39;s hope Luke does not have to wait that long. Also a great piece of casting was Joy Bryant as Fisher&#39;s girlfriend, Cheryl. While the part could have been a forgettable support or a standard &#39;bride&#39; role, Bryant imbues it with life. Tender and intelligent, the paper transcends stereotypes with Bryant who inhabits it, and she makes the part meaningful and interesting. Nor does it hurt that Bryant is possibly the most attractive woman you&#39;ll see on celluloid this year; only the smile could defrost the coldest heart. Performance and appearance ability: why is this woman in everything that is being done at this moment? Provide good support in a small role in Salli Richardson as the wife of Washington, Berta. Saying more with a silence or an image that many Hollywood actresses can handle in a full movie, she informs the audience of the complete stories long before any exposure occurs. As for the direction of Washington, as I said, it is the equivalent of direction of his performance. To take the story of a man that few spectators have heard about and make it really interesting is a difficult feat that Washington achieves with aplomb. The film is not hasty or flashy, but it never feels slow or boring. It is measured and nuanced, perfectly balancing humor and drama. Antwone Fisher may not surprise you if you like big, explosive, frameless Hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate a finely crafted character piece with excellent performances and a stable and well-managed direction, this is for you.']
