Unlike other commentators who have commented on the ability of this film to transcend the race, on the contrary, I believe that this powerful film provides a complex and profound story that addresses institutional racism and its effects. Washington directs Fisher's story with a careful hand and a critical eye, renouncing this cinematic effort or the dismemberment of women's bodies, perpetuating insensitive stereotypes, or satisfying the expectation of the white gaze. I think this movie could be a bit happy in the end; however, it is deeply rooted in African-American culture and discourse to the point that some white viewers may have the sensation of looking at the life of this African-American - Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the naval aspect of the film, but when we look at America, there are not many options or opportunities for the black men that are / were in Fisher's situation or similar situations. The spectators can go to this movie waiting for a "Black film: what is a" black film? <br /> <br /> The stereotypes of pimps, whores, drug dealers, single parent homes, etc. Are they a "black film?" I believe that Washington, as a director, recognized that African Americans and other people of color deal with human problems such as abuse and displaced aggression, to name a few. These problems, historically and currently, have only received light and validity through "Good Will Hunting" and other blank films; It is time for them to receive the same recognition and validity as their white counterparts inside and outside the media. <br /> <br /> Sad to say, in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke will probably have to wait another ten years before receiving an Oscar or anything else. Both will have to wait until they direct or star in a film that perpetuates the usual racist and sexist stereotypes to obtain an Oscar. Say, Denzel deserved awards for "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and others before that jive "Training Day" by Oscar. That is not to deny or set aside other great actresses and actors of color who are denied the praise they deserve for their ingenious work. However, Hollywood would prefer to send the message that racism, sexism and heterosexism are acceptable in perpetuating and even rewarding those stereotypes as they appear in countless films like "American Beauty", "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil", "American Pie," and even "Gone with the Wind." <br /> <br /> Derek Luke is a great actor and I wish him the best. All the other actresses and actors gave magnificent performances, although I do not agree with Denzel's selection of another sister with light hair and light skin. That said, everyone should watch this movie. However, it may not be for everyone. Very much luv. 10/10
