This film, which is based on a true story, comes from the long-time first director and actor, Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has given us some of the best performances of the last decade, as a black soldier in the Civil War in Glory, and a lawyer in the acclaimed Philadelphia. And, of course, he made a special notoriety last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor on the Day of Training, in which Denzel Washington became the first African-American to receive the Best Actor award. I guess Denzel wanted a change of pace, so he chose to direct Antwone Fisher, in which he also stars. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, who is new to the silver screen, but has appeared as a guest on television shows such as King of Queens, and will appear in the upcoming premiere of the movie Biker Boyz. <br /> <br /> This is a really well-made film by Denzel Washington, considering it was his first time in directing. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt some kind of commitment and believed in the real life story of Antwone Fisher. Antwone Fisher is about a young African-American in the Navy who constantly gets into fights, and after a fight in particular, he is sent to see a Navy psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone to deal with her problematic past and learn to move on with her life, finding her biological mother who had to deliver him at birth because she was in prison. What makes this film good is the fact that it is not too melodramatic. I expected something a little more like hunting for goodwill, with much oath, fight and vulgarity. Not that I did not like the Good Will of the Hunt, or the oath, the fights and the vulgarity of the movie were out of place. Quite the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story, and I do not think Washington wanted to sensationalize the story by a dramatic effect in the film. Do not get me wrong, there are times when we see Antwone fighting, continuing and having moments when it seems that the world is approaching him. After all, in his first session with his psychiatrist, the character played by Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's response is, "from under a rock," an obvious blow to the pressures that diminish the soul of Antwone Fisher. But I had to appreciate the fact that this movie was not sensational because of the dramatic effect. I think it shows a real character on the part of Denzel Washington to offer a more realistic story and avoid the cliches typical of Hollywood movies, even those based on real stories. Another point that I would like to comment on Antwone Fisher is acting. In general, the performances were good in the film, but not excellent. Sometimes, I think it was a bit obvious that the main characters were actors, but in general, complaining about the performances in this movie would be ridiculous. An actress that I would like to point out in this movie is Viola Davis. She plays Antwone's mother, but says barely two sentences in the film, but not so much because she appears at the end of the film, but rather because she is surprised that her lost son, Antwone, has found her. What I would like to point out about her as an actress in the lack of use of it. She is basically an actress of character, and I have not seen her play any really elaborate role. He made appearances in Traffic, Out Of Sight, Kate & Leopold, and two recent films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In the remake of Solaris by Steven Soderberg, he played a scientist in a doomed spaceship orbiting a planet. In that film, she confronts the character of George Clooney and feels tears for what Clooney tells him in a particular scene. When I saw Solaris for the first time, I remember seeing her cry at the scene and think, wow, this woman can act. It was as if you could feel the character's grief. In that brief shot of her face, she gave a lot of expression and, honestly, I felt very sorry for the sadness and the problems of her character in the movie. I think she has a defined potential as an actress and should be used more often perhaps in the lead roles, rather than just as an actress driven by the character. However, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, as always, achieves a great performance and gives us a great directorial debut. Also, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his immense critical fame for his portrayal of troubled man, but I think his public popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boyz, which also stars Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on the book 'Finding Fish: A Memoir', by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
