"And the time came when the risk of staying tight in a cocoon was more painful than the risk that led to bloom," says Anais Nin Marcel Proust, "The real voyage of discovery is not to see new landscapes but to have new eyes "Writer and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the United States Navy to see new landscapes, but the demons of his past prevented him from seeing the world with new eyes. Based on his autobiography "Finding Fish" written many years after the events, his story is dramatized in the film Antwone Fisher, Denzel Washington's first directing effort. It is a sincere but somewhat formulated look at the painful process of going from being consumed by one's past to being able to live life in the present time. <br /> <br /> He is required to attend the therapy sessions after several fits of rage at the In the base, the painful aspects of his childhood are shown in a flashback while Antwone (Derek Luke) tells his life in Sessions with Navy psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). At first he is not willing to talk, but when he starts, the floodgates open. After his father was gunned down by a girlfriend and Antwone was abandoned by his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a foster home where he lived for fourteen years, suffering humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, the treatment by his adoptive mother, Ms. Tate (Novella Nelson) who referred to him only as "nigga" and by his cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross), in fact, was much worse than it was. shows on the screen. <br /> <br /> The only friend he has is a local named Jesse (Jascha Washington) who, later in the film, adds to his feelings of abandonment. It's hard to build a movie about psychiatry sessions, but it was done successfully on Ordinary People and Good Will Hunting with a much more dramatic interest, but it succeeds here because of the dominant performances of Washington and Luke, although the film's intent to compress eleven. Years in a few months seems a bit too easy. However, the humanity and warmth of Davenport allow Fisher to feel confident enough to talk about his difficult past and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend who is also in the Navy, supports him in his struggle to achieve a great Advance. <br /> <With the help of Cheryl and the advice of Dr. Davenport, Antwone develops enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begin the journey to try to find his mother to complete the past. What appears in the incredible performance of Derek Luke is the longing for acceptance of Antwone, dramatized in a heartbreaking dream that is shown at the beginning of the film, in which he is the guest of honor at a banquet filled with people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said that "people just have to remember what we are all here for: to find our way home ..." Antwone Fisher not only longs for a young person's desire to find his way home but also It reaches all those who have cried to sleep, without knowing the joy of being loved.
