Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Running time: 97 minutes. Classified PG. <br /> <br /> It was the quintessential comedy of the decade. Sir John Gielgud won the Academy Award. He even appeared in "I Love the 80's" of VH1. And it looks as good today as it did in its initial release. Arthur is the acclaimed comedy classic about a drunken millionaire (played with enthusiasm and wit by Dudley Moore in an Oscar-nominated performance) who must choose between the woman he loves and the life to which he is accustomed. While the basic plot is a big cliché, there is nothing trite in this nice combination of intelligent dialogue and hilarious farce. Arthur Bach is essentially nothing more than a pretentious imbecile, but you can not help but like it. Especially when he delivers lines such as: "Would not you like it to be me? I know I do!" It is also a delineation of the hero of the archetypal film: unlike most of the rich characters we see on the silver screen, he is not ashamed to be immensely rich. In one scene, a man asks: "How does it feel to have all that money?", To which he replies: "It feels very good." Moore lends such charisma and charm to a character who would otherwise be hated by his audience. And Gielgud is simply perfect as the arrogant servant, and addresses his master with extreme condescension even though his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that does not try to be brilliant or particularly exceptional: it's just natural. The script, which also received a nod from the Academy, is saturated with an authentic dialogue of laughter in a loud voice. This is the kind of movie that, when you get together with a group of poker buddies, you cite incessantly. He also looks at his characters with sincere empathy. There has been a series of comedies that try to immerse themselves in the drama by including the death or illness of a main star (including both Grumpy Old Men), but few can take it because we do not care. When this film takes the dubious decision to part with the butler, it actually works, because we really like these people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is a complete pleasure, not guilty. In a period when films are becoming more and more serious, Arthur reminds us of how it feels to go to the movies and have a good time. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
