['I remember trying a few minutes of this movie, I&#39;m very surprised I did not see it all, from director Steve Gordon, his only film directed before he died of heart failure. Basically, Arthur Bach (Golden Globe winner and Oscar nominee Dudley Moore) is the happy and drunken millionaire with everything he could want, a mansion, a Hobson butler (Oscar winner and Golden Globe, and the nominee BAFTA Sir John Gielgud), and a lot of alcohol. . He will inherit $ 750,000,000 if he marries the daughter of fellow millionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the woman he and his family have chosen, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But, instead, Arthur falls in love with the Queens waitress, Linda Marolla (Golden Globe nominee, Liza Minnelli), who of course is threatening the inheritance, and 3/4 of his family&#39;s fortune of Father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). After the death of Hobson, Arthur, on the day of the wedding, disobeys the wishes of the family, but Aunt Martha still gives Arthur the inheritance of living happily ever after with true love Linda. Also starring Ted Ross as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Mrs. Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Harriet - Martha Maid , John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Guest at the party. Moore is wonderfully funny and a little shaky like the millionaire almost always drunk, Minnelli is nice like the woman he loves, and Gielgud, of course, leaves a great impression of an Oscar like the humble and humble sarcastic maid, a fantastic inflatable comedy . He won the Oscar for best song for &quot;Arthur&#39;s Theme (Best That You Can Do)&quot; (he also won the Golden Globe) (it was number 79 in 100 years, 100 songs) and was nominated as Best Writing, Written Script Directly for the screen, was nominated for the Anthony Asquith Award of BAFTA for Film Music for Burt Bacharach, and won the Golden Globe for Best Film - Comedy / Musical. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 in The 50 Greatest British Actors, and the film was number 53 in 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Very well!']
