1928 is, in many ways, a "lost year" in movies. Just as some of the best films of the silent era were being made in all genres, the sound was coming and, while earning big box office profits, I was recovering the art of filmmaking about five years while the film industry struggled. With the new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the great comedies of the silent era. The film shows that William Haines had comic book skills beyond his usual formula of the nasty and distrustful guy who puts everyone against him, learns his lesson and then redeems himself by winning the game of football, the game of pole, etc. This film is also an exhibition A For illustrating that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had excellent comedic instincts and time. This film begins as the Beverly Hillbillies-like adventure of Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and her father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the old South. General Pepper has decided that he will allow an executive of a lucky movie studio to hire his daughter as an actress. While at the studio station, the Peppers meet Billy Boone (William Haines), a comedian. He gives Peggy an acting job. She is unhappy when she discovers that she is slapstick, but perseveres. Finally, a large studio discovers her and she and Billy separate when he begins to assume dramatic roles. Soon, the new fame falls on his head, and he is about to lose his audience and get a real title when he decides to marry his new protagonist, whom he does not really love, unless fate intervenes in some way. <Br /> <br /> One of the things MGM does frequently in his last films of the silent era and in his first films of the era of sound are the images of how cinema was made at MGM around 1930. This movie is one of those, like we have Charlie Chaplin trying to get Peggy's autograph, a lot of cameos from MGM players during that era, including director King Vidor himself, and even a cameo from Marion Davies like Peggy watching Marion Davies as Marion Davies arriving at work in the lot. Peggy grimaces and mentions that she does not care about her. Truly a delight from beginning to end, this is a silence that is definitely worth it. This is one of the films that I also recommend that you use to introduce people to the art of silent films, since it is very accessible.
