I had seen Marion Davies in a couple of movies and I really could not understand her appeal. He could not dance for the peanuts, he did not try to sing and, as for his performance, he seemed to be in a trance. But I had not seen his silent comedies and this movie is wonderful. Instead of joking with his own image, as has been suggested here, it seems to me a satire of Gloria Swanson, who started in slapstick comedies, went on to very emotional women's movies and ended up marrying a Count. Marion, a leading imitator, also made a funny rabbit imitation every time she wanted to be seen as a great one, that was Gloria Swanson's place in! From Georgia to Hollywood, determined to prove that her daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davies) will be the best star in history. Their hope is reduced and they are below their last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines) who works at slapstick studios and promises to get Peggy a job. Peggy thinks she's going to be a great dramatic actress, but the studio thinks she's a fantastic comedian. They convince her to make the film and in the preview it is a great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for her autograph, but she does not recognize him and treats him very rudely. "Who was that little man"? When he finds out he faints! Peggy and Billy receive a call from High Art Studio, but only Peggy is wanted and, suddenly, she is on her way. There is a funny scene in which he sees a star he does not think much about: it's Marion Davies! <br /> <br /> Finally, she has the opportunity to be a dramatic actress, but she can not cry! !! It's a hilarious scene, since the director does everything possible to make her cry and, when she succeeds, she can not stop! Her new protagonist, Andre (Paul Ralli) convinces her to forget her comedy past and become elite and sophisticated. It even adopts a new name: Patricia Pepoire! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her father, she has developed a "STAR" personality! When the slapstick studio chooses the same place as the "Patricia" movie, Billy loves to see her, but she is not ready for his outstretched attitude. When she calls him a cheap clown, he realizes that she is not the girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After a study lunch (a magnificent panoramic view of some of the best stars of the day) "Patricia" receives a call from the Chief. It seems that his films are a failure and that no theater wants to reserve them. The public is tired of his manners and wants old Peggy to come back. She and Andre decide to get married, dreams of being countess (although Billy says that Andre used to serve him spaghetti in a small cafe in the center and is no longer an earl than him). On the day of his wedding, Billy visits him and after a fun fight of custard, he realizes that Billy is right for her. <br /> <br /> It was amazing to see all the guest stars: you see John Gilbert at the MGM Puertas, Lew Cody is talking to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "It", but several spicy romances that became in MGM movies. William Haines, another actor whose films he had always wanted to see, was great, especially in the cafeteria scene, he had a wonderful comical moment. Harry Gribbon was hilarious as a comedy director; There were many hilarious scenes in this movie and Marion was on top of them all. I'm giving this movie 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Highly, Highly Recommended.
