I had the pleasure of presenting "The Big Bad Swim" at the New London Film Festival 2006 last week. The festival highlights some of the best independent and unconventional films of last year. I guess "The Big Bad Swim" was chosen for the screening at this festival for the simple reason that it was filmed locally in and around eastern Connecticut. However, when the credits started rolling, I could only think about how well "The Big Bad Swim" compared to the others presented during the festival. By far, he topped my list, followed by "The swollen chair", "Who killed the electric car" and "Transamerica". <br /> <br /> The "Big bad swim" is an attractive, sincere and frequent topic. Humorous look at several adult swimming class students and their sympathetic but problematic instructor who has a depth that I have not seen on the screen in a long time. The development of interweaved characters and weft lines derived from something as absurd as swimming lessons for adults works in a subtle and endearing way that I found refreshing. The plot does not hit you in the head with a direction; rather, it builds and grows organically with a rhythm that was perfect. I never got bored I never shrunk. I never left the story on the screen. <br /> <br /> The humor of the film is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "Old School". The performance of a group of relatively unknown actors was credible and their dialogue never seemed uncomfortable or artificial. Obviously, not being a multi-million dollar production, the camera shot was not entirely inspiring and clear, but adequate and well-made for the budget. The technique of lighting and filming scenes filmed in a strip club environment was particularly striking because of a more realistic approach than a similar themed scene found in "Closer." I also found shots filmed underwater from the class from the waist down that seemed to be both a portrait of the character and a photo of the shoulders up. <br /> <br /> I'm sure it's said over and over again by many in the independent film industry, but I have to say: if "The Big Bad Swim" is not chosen for some kind of distribution, I would feel extremely disappointed "The Big Bad Swim" needs to be seen. If you have the opportunity to see this movie, SEE IT! Disappointment is impossible!
