Sunday, July 16, 8:00 pm The Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "Like a colonel from the south, his makeup is very Indiana" <br /> <br /> The Hollywood gossip that has made Noise has managed to launch More than a little mud in the direction of Marion Davies over the years. That he has been given fame and that he did not deserve, is often speculated. Considering the Mawkish dramas in which he was pushed so often, this criticism seems to have some validity. However, as a comedian, his star shone brightly. Left to pursue a career in light comedy and slapstick, she could have rivaled Mabel Normand. One of her best outings was Show People (1928), by King Vidor, who survives and is well known in large part because MGM filled her with stellar cameos. This happy coincidence inadvertently saved what is surely among the best works of its two stars, Davies and the famous Joe College chicken coop, William Haines. It is rumored that Show People relied freely on the life of Gloria Swanson, who started in Sennett's comedies and became a great drama (and do not think she did not spend the rest of her life reminding everyone!) With von Stroheim , Walsh and DeMille. Coincidentally, the comedy studios used in this film are the original excavations that Keystone had abandoned the previous year (Think about who worked there!). <br /> <br /> Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) leads his daughter Peggy (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood to star in the movies. These two hicks of the country are the innocent food for the incorrigible Billy Boone (Haines), "a cream cake artist?" who descends at the cafeteria table in an outrageously funny entrance (take care of the noodles), and then helps Peggy get a share in her next photo. What she thinks is a great drama turns out to be stupid, but a job is a job and Billy convinces her that "... all the stars have to take it in the chin?". In the preview, Billy and Peggy ran into ?? .. Charlie Chaplin, who asks for his autograph! She pushes the little fellow aside and a horrified Billy grabs the book and makes it sign. Chaplin gets into his car and Billy tells Peggy who he just despised, so naturally, she faints. It's very funny, considering that the Davies character is not supposed to recognize this guy! Peggy soon goes to work at High Art Studios, changes her name to 'Patricia Pepoire' and leaves poor Billy behind. Davies makes a wonderful shipment of a serious actress, with all the prerequisites for eyelashes and trembling lips. Vidor launches a parade of stars that have lunch on a long follow-up shot (and everyone is sitting shoulder to shoulder in front of the camera!) That includes Polly Moran (who is also sensationally funny playing Davies' maid), Louella Parsons (one of Vampire Girlfriends), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, the comic duo of Karl Dane (with his arm in a sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending he's stealing the cutlery), Leatrice Joy (funny about Arthur's pranks), Renee Adorado, Rod (eating and smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (with a tunic) Gilbert (who also appears driving through the doors of MGM at the beginning of the image), Norma ( eeeww!) Talmadge (looking malicious and aloof, as always) and Patricia dressed up as Marie Antoinette, sandwiched between Douglas Fairbanks (as he does a funny trick) and William S. Hart (protecting her from Doug). Billy meets the High Art team at the scene when the comedy company interrupts his shooting, with predictably crazy results. Vidor even joins the final scene as director of Peggy's current production. Also worth noting is Harry Gribbon as a comedy director making a big cartoon of Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as a dramatic director who can not make Peggy cry for her screen test and then can not stop her once she does, and Paul Ralli as Andre, his dramatic love interest and a fake hilarious. When her character tries to "act" it is as if Davies is making fun of all the horrible dramas in which she has been forced to do so and she is brilliant at doing it. <br /> <br /> While it is true, Show People is a satire of Hokey. the 'good morning' ten years later, is still a very entertaining example of MGM's quality work, Irving Thalberg, and his tremendous wealth of talent put together. What a shame it has been lost so much. There are also too many examples of great films like The Patsy (1928), the successful comedy of Vidor and Davies from the beginning of that year, that languish in the vaults when they can be seen and enjoyed.
