I had the opportunity to see this film twice at the Festival of Images in Motion 2006 in Birmingham, Alabama. I enjoyed it so much that I saw it a second time when they had an encore projection. <br /> <br /> When I think of the films that are shown at festivals, I generally expect them to be nervous and out of the ordinary, often with the feeling of an elaborate student project. Of course, there is nothing wrong with this type of project, and I enjoy the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see a more generalized approach to making independent films. By "mainstream" I refer more to a film produced for national release. In other words, a movie that you would see in a regular movie theater. <br /> <br /> Writing, directing, cinematography, casting and acting. In this movie they are all totally pro. There is nothing typically independent about this movie. As an aspiring director, I am always looking for films that motivate me to stop procrastinating and push harder so that my career continues. This is one of those movies. While watching The Big Bad Swim, my level of motivation was incredible. I felt that my adrenaline had been triggered. The reason I felt that way was because I was very impressed with all aspects of this production. I left the theater excited and ready to start writing that long project of disappointment. When a movie makes me feel that way, I know it's really good. This is Ishai Setton's first long-term project and I found myself wishing it had been my project. For me, that's really weird. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie. It's very well filmed and directed, and the casting is excellent. Paget Brewster offers a very credible and pleasant performance. She has a quality about her, a charisma, that really attracts you and keeps you focused on her every time she's on the screen. She makes you feel that you know her personally as a friend. That is a gift. I think the industry is really missing out by not using their acting skills more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler also did top-level jobs. I can not say enough about The Big Bad Swim. I hope future projects of all those involved in its production.
