I was not really a big fan of Star Trek until after 2-3 years. Thanks to the arrival of Netflix and the distribution of video technology after 2000, I can embark on the past of all the great episodes of Star Trek. For those who do not really see each episode and know them by heart, through TNG, DS9, Voyager, etc., the general popular consensus will say: "I like The Next Generation" the best. That's because Captain Picard and his crew were fresh when they first appeared after decades of Star Trek starvation. But to be honest, I appreciate the creativity of the Voyager episodes more than TNG. Voyager episodes also progress through time unlike TNG. The data provided by TNG are great, but over time they get old, but the Voyager doctor: that's creativity! Instead of making artificial intelligence uncomfortable and uneven, give him the freedom to express beyond what he has imagined. Picardo is not only a great actor, but the premise of his expansive and personal growth, as a doctor and self-realization now that science fiction is at its best. Endgame portrays him as a married husband with an "organic", inventing a neuroimplant transceiver for the human-machine interface, and even, in the episode before Endgame, disobeying the Captain's order and committing "human" mistakes. Unlike the DS9 that has been blessed with 2 beautiful women since the first episode, Voyager has to survive 3 seasons without Jeri Ryan and I think it is Picardo who took them with his personality. Of course, the rest of the chemistry of the Voyager cast simply flows effortlessly, Harry Kim and Tom Paris, very natural. I love the occasional humor of Tuvoc, despite being a vulcano. Finally, I'm so glad that they got rid of that original female captain - oh, if you can see the weird images - thank God for Kate! She has developed throughout the 7 years to become an extremely safe, credible and respectable female captain. What a great job! Thanks to Star Trek for doing Voyager, I enjoy every episode, the creative exploration of possibilities, the moral and our cosmic expansion.
