The last months I have compiled Voyager 4 to 7 on DVD (I only had 1 to 3 on video before, because Kes is my favorite character) and I just got to the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on television here in the UK, but I had forgotten most of them. Am I satisfied with the end? I think I am. Naturally, as a fan, I would have liked to see more about what happened to the characters when they got home, but that is in our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" is similar to "All Good Things?" From Next Gen The participation of the crew in the future, but mainly of the captain. A new romance that begins in the end (Troi and Worf in Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), which results in death in the future. I really loved "Endgame", just for all the characters, Neelix appears although he left the ship two episodes before. B'elanna gives birth to her daughter with her loving husband Tom. Tuvok is sick, but coming home means he can be cured. Harry has always been the most anxious and determined, but he admits that the trip is important. The Doctor, in the future, is very respected by everyone and finally chooses the name of Joe! But, of course, the Captain has the most important role, to meet her future self that wants to take the crew home beforehand to avoid victims. The Borg are involved, since they have played an important role in this period of the Voyager. Alice Krige plays Queen Borg fantastically, only her voice and acting method are magnificent. However, I feel sorry for Susanna Thompson, the queen of Borg television replaced by the queen of the movie Borg. Maybe she was not available though. The special effects are fantastic, the Borg sub-space and Queen Borg fall apart! It is very tense. Especially when they leave the Borg subspace corridor and say that their location is just where they thought they would be after they said they would have to go through a corridor that leads to the delta quadrant. And what a wonderful idea to enter a Borg sphere to protect itself, in the special features of the DVD they say it was like the Trojan horse. Voyager could have continued. If it were more popular, they would have continued with their original idea that the crew would realize that the ship is their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because his wife and son are there. And then they could have come home in a movie! <br /> <br /> In general, Voyager was a bit unpredictable. The sixth season seemed to be a good followed by a less than good one. The two episodes set in the Irish holographic town are horrible! My perception of Seven of Nine was that she took over, everything revolved around her, which was not true. When it first appeared, season 4 focused on it for many of the episodes, but stabilized after that. And his character is sometimes witty, 20 years like a Borg drone that gradually rediscovers his humanity. I like her, especially in "Someone who takes care of me", "Imperfection" and "Human error". When Naomi Wildman was scared of her initially, but then she became her friend often by her side, that was lovely. Chakotay became my least favorite character. Chemistry is over with Janeway (will they / will not they?) And you would never think it was the first officer, who was completely removed most of the time. I loved watching Tom and B'elanna's relationship blossom against all odds. I've always liked Neelix a lot. Tuvok was good at times, especially when he lost his logic, gained excitement and was a friend of Neelix. Harry was annoying at times but a good character at other times. The Doctor is probably my favorite, as they see how far he arrives and the comedy situations he creates ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Janeway is my favorite captain of any series and you can say that Kate Mulgrew is enjoying it a lot. <br /> <br /> I wish there were more, I love Voyager!
