Then, every year there is at least one movie, which has no chance of being a blockbuster, because from the moment of production, even before a single shot is shot, everyone is choosing this movie ... a long list of such films, and in the end, some are really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their flaws but they are quite nice (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)) and then there are some, that really are really great for what they are, but nobody admits it! I mean, my God, just because the big crowd has to have a victim each year that they can attack, not everyone has to join them. So yes, maybe those films are not perfect, but come on, how many movies are they? Not all movies are supposed to be new The Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy these movies, but I bet there are more than those who admit that they do. Hudson Hawk (1991), which is simply hysterical fun, Color of Night (1994), which may not be worthy of an Oscar, but it is definitely a not too silly thriller with some nice twists, Swept Away (2002), which I thought Gigli (2003) is a great mixture of sick humor and a beautiful romance, which was a great entertainment with some really memorable lines and that was not misinterpreted at all by the old "Bennifer" -Couple, and this year is the "Basic Instinct" two". ! Well, when I heard the rumors of a sequel to one of my favorite movies, I was very skeptical, and although I really love Sharon Stone, I was skeptical until I finally saw this movie. And really, I was very positively surprised! I can not understand why he has such a bad press and such a bad vote here. Never simply copy the original, it has a pretty smart story, it has tension, action, humor and the absolutely shocking Sharon Stone taking up the role of her life! With 47 years old when she films the movie, she looks sexier than many stars in her 20s, but it is more than her beauty, she behaves brilliantly, with all her looks, her famous smile, the way she talks and moves ... From the beginning. The first frame that is inside you can not take your eyes off. It's just a pleasure to see her as Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors also offer solid performances! So I really can not see what's wrong with this movie ... it looks dark, exciting, sexy and rough, strong performances, and you never got bored! Maybe the story is not of the caliber of the Oscars, but it never tries to be! It's an entertainment movie, and by this standard, in my opinion it's absolutely absolute! So try it!
