It seems that it is becoming fashionable to copy "Basic Instinct 2", to the point that a significant part of the audience (including critics) found it terrible even before its release. It seems even more fashionable to destroy Sharon Stone, who, like all of us, is now fourteen years old, and, unlike most of us, still looks wonderful. The first comments about this movie were so vicious that I had to see for myself. In my opinion, this sequel is not as good as the original movie, but it is not as bad as most of the comments. Michael Caton-Jones is not Paul Verhoeven, nor Henry Bean and Leora Barish are Joe Eszterhas. "Basic Instinct 2" is just an entertaining average thriller, and in addition to the original score of Jerry Goldsmith, it bears little resemblance to its predecessor. Even Stone gives his character a different dimension, creating a lustful and diabolical Catherine Trimell, which can perfectly be classified among other monsters like Hannibal Lecter. She is an intelligent actress who is not afraid to take risks and can play with the camp at her whim. Unfortunately, she seems to be the main target for those who enjoy destroying this movie. It became too successful, too much like a main icon, and like all actors that have reached that level, its time has come and now it is destined to be destroyed by the Hollywood public. <br /> <br /> The rest of The cast is outstanding, with performances that are much better than the material deserves. David Morrissey is a much better actor and much more interesting than Michael Douglas: his performance is impeccable, which gives a dense and complex dimension to an otherwise one-dimensional character. Since it has more time on the screen and is the axis of the film, you can keep your attention from start to finish. <br /> <br /> I'm not recommending "Basic Instinct 2" as a great movie; I am only expressing my disagreement with most of the comments on this site and my conviction that other agendas than the movie itself are shaping the opinion of the majority of viewers.
