['&quot;Wisecracker&quot;, the biography of actor William Haines, offers a gratifying anecdote about the former star when he was over 70 and has long since retired from making films. The old man was not sentimental and rarely saw his own films, but in 1972 he was persuaded to attend an exhibition at the Los Angeles Museum of SHOW PEOPLE, the last silent film in which he starred opposite Marion Davies. In advance, Haines worried that this comedy would provoke the kind of wrong laugh, but was pleasantly surprised (and certainly relieved) of how well it was maintained and enjoyed by the young audience. Watch the movie today and you can see why: SHOW PEOPLE is a charming Hollywood satire that retains its charm because it deceives its objectives with ingenuity and style, but without malice. It&#39;s still fun and its satirical points still resonate. It goes without saying that the technology of filmmaking has changed enormously since the days of silence, but the pretensions and follies of the filmmakers themselves have not changed much. <br /><br /> SHOW PEOPLE is also the best work of Marion Davies, a first-class comic artist who deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of great comedians. As far as her career was concerned, Davies was blessed and cursed for the patronage of her lover, newspaper mogul William Randolph Hearst. It is well known that Hearst exerted an enormous influence over the choice of the roles of Davies and it is also well known that, in spite of his gift for comedy, he preferred to see his worthy heroines in period costume dramas. In the late 1920s, for whatever reason, Marion was allowed to exhibit her stuff in several exuberant light comedies (including THE RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, directed by the great King Vidor, stands as her showcase nicer. William Haines offers a nice and pleasant performance as her boyfriend and co-star Billy Boone, but this is the protagonist&#39;s show. <br /><br /> Marion plays the beautiful southern Peggy Pepper, an aspiring actress who assaults Hollywood accompanied by her father, determined to become a movie star. (His father, Colonel Pepper, is played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith&#39;s Biograph dramas who, by chance, has become a Hearst!) One of Marion&#39;s funniest bits, often extracted elsewhere, is his audition in the casting office of Comet Studio. While Dad suggests suggestions of emotions to represent (&quot;Pain! ... Happiness!&quot;) And drops a handkerchief on her face, Peggy assumes the right expression and posture. They hire her, only to discover that Comet makes low-brow comedies, the kind of comedies where people spray themselves with seltzer and inept cops who fall on top of each other running to the rescue. Of course, Comet is thought of as a Keystone takeoff by Mack Sennett, but the true nature of the satire becomes clear as the story unfolds. While Peggy Pepper rises in the hierarchy of movie stars, she leaves Comet to go to the more prestigious High Art Studio, assuming that the name &quot;Patricia Peppoire&quot; is more in line with her new season in life as a serious actress. At some point it may occur to us (as surely happened to the spectators in 1928) that Davies&#39; rival, Gloria Swanson, began in the Keystone comedies before coming to fame in serious dramas for Cecil B. DeMille. And as Ms. Peppoire takes herself more and more seriously, giving the high hat treatment to her former colleagues, like comedian Billy Boone, Davies&#39; performance acquires an element of perverse parody that apparently points directly to Swanson. This is especially noticeable during a sequence of interviews, when Miss Peppoire&#39;s spokeswoman throws pretentious nonsense while the star delivers an imitation of Swanson. I guess this was thought of as a friendly parody, but I have to wonder how the friendly relations between Gloria and Marion were after this movie was released. <br /><br /> In any case, SHOW PEOPLE is a delicious delicacy for fans, who will enjoy the stellar cameo show at all times. Charlie Chaplin contributes a little, without makeup and looks very distinguished, anxiously looking for Patricia Peppoire&#39;s autograph. (And in a show of good sportsmanship, Marion Davies herself presents herself as a mocking cameo, Swanson&#39;s evening taunts Swanson by mocking herself). This is a silent movie that viewers not especially tuned to silences could appreciate. at least those spectators with a taste for movies about the movie business. SHOW PEOPLE surely belongs to the company of classics such as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN &#39;IN THE RAIN, one of the funniest and most enjoyable Hollywood exercises in self-examination.']
