As a child I always hated being forced to sit through musicals. I never understood why people got into a song like that, and I was too young to appreciate art (choreography, set design, costumes, rhythm) behind everything. "Oliver!" Carol Reed was the only musical I remember having enjoyed strangely as a child, probably because it is one of the darkest and is appropriately soaked in the spirit of Dickensian misery. This is a musical about the life of the ghetto in Victorian London, and while the scenery and sets are raw, dark and faithful to that way of life, it is completely strange that people are entering such ridiculous songs in the middle of their misery. After a recent vision, the first time I've seen since childhood, I have some new ideas and ideas about why this musical "works" in that strange pop song, and why most just do not do it for me . <Br /> <br /> When musicals work or really say something, it's because they realize their own inherent strangeness. The "Dancer in the Dark" by Lars von Trier, as tragic and operational as it was far-reaching, worked like a musical because the musical numbers were the product of the imagination of the protagonist, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. In the same way, the very cynical and pleasant "Chicago" worked on a similar level because the musical numbers were the product of a naive homicidal engineer / dancer. Musicals do not work when they take their own musical nature too seriously (as in "Moulin Rouge") or they are just too much trouble with nothing (that is, something useless like "Mary Poppins"). Seeing "Oliver!" For the first time as an adult, I saw him in a new light. For the most part, from the point of view of the young Oliver, he saw the musical numbers as the products of his childhood imagination and his way of dealing with the horrors of ghetto life that surrounded him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy had everyone in the tavern sign and dance about the joys of getting drunk (like a cover to help poor Oliver escape the clutches of the evil Bill Sykes). It was undeniably catchy and it sounded like a real pub song that drunks could start singing around a piano. There are other great and classic melodies to be heard here, and the direction and performance of the tracks to the dance extras are first class. <br /> <br /> Still, despite its desolation (although it has a cheerful tone). finishing for Oliver at least, although certainly things did not end happily for Nancy, and unless you think life on the streets is a trick, it was not necessarily a good ending for Fagin or the Dodgers, despite their closing melody) I would not really classify this as a family movie, although I do not think that showing it to children older than seven or eight will do any harm. This is a hard story about an unfortunate orphan who tries to survive on the streets and find some happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on this subject, maybe a revisionist version, where the people of the streets of Compton break into happy songs about their horrible lives. I'd like to see a hip-hop version of "Oliver!" I always thought that Dickens would translate well in those aspects. In its current form, "Oliver!" It was probably the last of the great musicals in the movie and maybe the strangest G-rated movie I've ever seen.
