The great cinematographic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This spell of twenty years can be correctly labeled as the "Golden Age" of the genre. There were musicals before that, and there have been musicals since ... but it seems that the true classics were always made during that period. Singin 'In The Rain, An American In Paris, The Band Wagon, Seven Brides For Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, The King And I, and many more, stand out for the most precious products of the time. Perhaps the last great musical of the "Golden Age" is the "Oliver" by Carol Reed, in 1968. Adapted freely from the Dickens novel, this vibrant musical is a film version of a successful theatrical production. It is a magnificent film, winner of six Oscars, including the Best Film award. <br /> <br /> The orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives a miserable life in a house of work, since his mother died shortly after giving birth. . After an incident, once at lunchtime, he is thrown out of the workhouse and ends up working in a funeral home. But Oliver does not adapt particularly well to his new job, and he escapes after a few difficult days. He makes the long trip to London, where he hopes to find his fortune. Oliver is taken under the wing of a pickpocket named Artful Dodger (Jack Wild) who in turn works for Fagin (Ron Moody), an elderly thief in charge of a gang of child thieves. Despite the illegal nature of the job, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family". He also meets Nancy (Shani Wallis), the most cruel and feared thief's girlfriend of all, the menacing Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true ancestry and discovers that in reality he is from a rich and well-off environment. But his chances of reuniting with his royal family are put in jeopardy when Bill Sikes forcibly exploits Oliver, which makes him an accomplice to some particularly risky and ambitious robberies. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a brilliantly assembled movie, always nice. In sight and excellently performed by his talented cast. Moody recreates his role on stage with enough enthusiasm, stealing the film from the youngsters with his energetic performance as Fagin. Lester and Wild also do well as the young pickpockets, while Wallis enthusiastically develops the role of Nancy and Reed generates an authentic apathy like Sikes. The musical numbers are organized with incredible precision and sense of the show. Oscar winning choreography by Onna White helps make song and dance pieces memorable, but Carol Reed's live artists and skilful direction also play their part. Unforgettable songs include "Food Glorious Food", "Consider yourself", "You have to choose a pocket or two", "I would do anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah", all immensely catchy songs, transmitted through sequences very well together. The film is a very entertaining experience and never loses momentum throughout its duration of 153 minutes. Sit and enjoy!
