Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was entertaining, a solid piece of popcorn entertainment on a budget small enough not to be overrun by special effects. And, obviously, pointing to the audience "From Dusk Till Dawn." "Vampires: The Dead" tries the same thing starting with the rock star Jon Bon Jovi playing one of the main characters, but he does it almost too well ...: I have not seen Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie, so I can not compare his performance in "Vampires: The Dead" with his other roles, but I was really surprised by his good performance. After the movie started, he convinced me that he did not expect me to take any guitar and play "It 'my life" or something like that, but to kill vampires, without showing mercy and doing a job that should be done. This means a lot, because a part of the audience (also me) was probably thinking: "... just because he's a rock star ...". Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but to be honest: it could have been much worse, and in my opinion, Bon Jovi had a very good performance. The vampire played by Arly Jover is not the leather-clad murder machine of a vampire leader we met in Part 1 (or similarly in "Mars Ghosts"). Jover plays the vampire very seductive and very sexy, moving as agile as a cat, attacking as fast as a snake and dressed in a very erotic fabric, thin, light, almost transparent. And even the optical effects that support your type of movement are very well made. It really takes a beating. But the director is in some parts of the film just avoiding turning the movie from an action horror-movie into a sensitive horror movie like Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the temptation of the director to create a movie with a VERY personal note and different from the original. This is the true strength of the film and, at the same time, its weakest point: the audience that celebrates the funny bloodbath of the first movie is probably expecting a bath of pure fun for the second time and could be a little disappointed. Make no mistake: "Vampires: The Dead" is a fun bloodbath, but it is not ALL this time. Just think about the massacre at the bar compared to the scene where the vampire tries to seduce Zoey in the ruins: what you expect from the massacre bar is the entertainment of American popcorn, the seductive scene of Zoey in the ruins. It's almost European-style cinema (the film is eager to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and the vampire, but refuses to respond at the same time.) Why would she have stopped the action? She showed the audience a vampire with a human past , a creature that now suffers and not just a beast that is just killing anyone). And that is the point for me that decides whether the film is accepted by the audience of the original film or not. And also: Is this going to please the audience "From Dusk Till Dawn"? I'm not sure about that. However, Tommy Lee Wallace did a great job, "Vampires: The Dead" is surprisingly good. But I also think that directing a sequel to a Wallace popcorn movie is sometimes almost too creative, too expressive. As if he was saving himself from developing his talent to meet the expectations of the audience. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the film with life and may sometimes suck it at the same time. "Vampires: The Dead" is almost too well done. (I give 7 of 10)
