In the first three films of Frank Sinatra, he was purely an act of specialty: seemingly touching himself, he simply appears to sing a song during a nightclub sequence in someone else's movie. In his fourth film, the very nice "Higher and Higher," Young Blue Eyes becomes an acting career by playing a real role ... a task that becomes easier because he is interpreting himself in a fictional story that gives you the opportunity to sing some numbers. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's entrance is quite fun. Michele Morgan hears a knock on the door and asks who is there. From outside, a voice in Hoboken tone responds to 'Frank Sinatra'. Of course ... <br /> <br /> The opening credits of 'Higher and Higher' may confuse some viewers, as the names of composers Rodgers and Hart are prominently displayed. In fact, they only contributed one song to this musical: 'Disgustingly Rich', which this cast managed to launch as a kind of introduction to a completely different song, 'I'm a Debutante'. Interestingly, that song by Rodgers & Hart, one of the weakest, is perhaps the least pleasant song in the score of this film; many others are animated numbers of accelerated rhythm, in particular 'It is a very important issue', 'When it comes to love, you are alone' and 'I saw you first'. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's good in this movie, but I would do a better job (and sing better material) elsewhere. The real merits of 'Higher and Higher' are the delicious twists of some artists who rarely make movies. Paul and Grace Hartman were an extremely popular husband-and-wife dance team that participated in several Broadway magazines: genuinely elegant lounge dancers, they put a lot of physical comedy into their dance material. (Here, Grace makes a high kick that removes a shoe from Paul's hands.) Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at age 48, made almost no film, so it's a real pleasure that this movie gives us a Unique opportunity to see her close up, listen to her beautiful singing voice and notice how sexy she looks in her maid's uniform. After the death of Grace Hartman, her husband had a long career as a character actor, occasionally dancing alone. (Or with Ken Berry in a memorable episode of 'Mayberry RFD'). <br /> <br /> Also very attractive with a maid uniform here at 'Higher and Higher' is the lively teen singer Marcy McGuire. Why did not this talented girl make more movies? Maybe she was a little too similar in personality to Betty Hutton. I enjoy Hutton's performances, but I like Marcy McGuire even better. Near the end of 'Higher and Higher' there is a fun physical business with McGuire and Mary Wickes as waitresses, who take turns going from one table to another in a nightclub. The alternate steps of short McGuire and tall ungainly Wickes are hilarious! Unfortunately, although Leon Errol plays an important role in "Higher and Higher", he has almost no comedies: he does not make his famous dance with rubber feet once. Jack Haley, despite his prominent billing, is also wasted. <br /> <br /> Very well represented here is Dooley Wilson, inevitably remembered as Sam from "Casablanca". In that film, Wilson made his own song, but faked his interpretation on the keyboard of 'As Time Goes By'. (In real life, Wilson could not play the piano). Here, in "Higher and Higher", he sings pleasantly and gives some funny reactions to the other players. Less pleasant is Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge offers a rare cinematographic performance here, managing his dialogue with skill but without doing any of the keyboard comedies that he later made with success in his theatrical shows. <br /> <br /> The plot? Forget this. 'Higher and Higher' is not an idea of ​​a "great" musical, but it's a delightful delight, and I'll rate it with 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who worked in Britain and in Hollywood, deserves to be much better known. .
