['I imagine that Victorian literature slowly sinks into the mud of an increasingly distant past, torn down by the weight of its skirts. Along comes television: at its best, it has a redeeming power, and with dramatizations like those produced by the BBC with such precision, Victorian literature receives a new blow in life. The religious themes, the moral nuances, can feel increasingly uncomfortable in a world that is no longer easily scandalized, and that knows coexistence, issues and domestic violence. But those old and well told stories have a lasting power, and this is a hidden gem. <br /><br /> Today it is difficult to assess how powerful, feminist and extraordinary was Ann Bronte&#39;s masterpiece, &quot;The Tenant of Wildfell Hall,&quot; actually. Emerging from the primitive slime of restrictive corsets (bodily, mental and social), his heroine, Helen Huntingdon, escapes from a miserable marriage, flees from brutality and alcoholism, is brave not only for the fury of her abusive husband, but by the intolerance of society and malicious gossip, to break the change. in their life. She pays a price; but he keeps his self-esteem; she falls in love on the road; She is beaten but victorious, and strong. I love seeing women how are you on the screen. <br /><br /> The actors are excellent, the best the British offer. The love story is very well handled, with real passion and feeling from well-matched actors. Tara Fitzgerald inhabits all aspects of the complicated heroine, and as other critics have said, a beautiful and defined face could not survive the petrified hairstyle. Toby Stephens, hitting sparks from her, contributes with the right combination of stubborn, attractive and passionate and longing young. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors) has fun as the charismatic villain (to the point that you&#39;re almost with him at the end. The cast of support skillfully creates a world in which you sink without feeling that rude commitments have been made to modern tastes, and without having felt preached. Another classic of the BBC, highly recommended: this is how romantic literature should be dramatized.']
