"Creep" is a new horror movie that will undoubtedly please many fans of the genre simply because it is so precise and unscrupulous. It has many moments of genuine shock, a lot of repulsive gore sequences and a rare claustrophobic tension. What it does not have is logical and a solid plot but, to tell the truth, that did not bother me for a second. When the final credits begin to roll, there are still many unanswered questions to ponder, but director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) seems to prefer to focus completely on stress and adrenaline action instead of long speeches and theories Soporific that Could explain the existence of "creep" in the London Underground. The story revolves around the young and haughty Kate, who leaves her own party to meet the famous actor George Clooney, who is in town to present his new film. She falls asleep in the subway, loses the last train and is trapped in the subway network. Things become really frightening when you meet a madwoman who lives in the old tunnels and kills / kidnaps people to experience. Even experienced homeless people, security guards or sewer workers can not rescue her from this voracious monster! I really dug the creep character! It is nauseating, horrible and primitive, but in a strange, fascinating way. Christopher Smith only leaves us clues and clues, and it only depends on the viewer to guess the origin and background of this vile creature. I admit that this is not very original, and I'm sure many people will not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and I think it's better to go completely over the "Jeepers Creepers" style (that particular movie also started very well, but as soon as the identity of the Creeper became clear it became a very mediocre horror effort). The obvious aspect of loving is the outrageous blood! In this film a severe carnage is taking place and the makeup, as well as the sound effects, are very convincing. The sinister configuration of the London Underground abandoned during the night is effectively used. There are also some acting talents present in this film, with Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) returning to graphic horror almost five years after the great German film "Anatomie". Creep is a fabulous entertainment when you're in an undemanding mood and Christopher Smith is definitely a director that I'll keep an eye on. Make sure you do not have to take the subway just after watching this movie ...
