Emory is a Cincinnati steel worker like his father before him and for most of the twentieth century, the twin pillars of his family's existence have been the steel mill and the union. The mill, which once employed 45,000, has seen its number decrease to 5,000 recently and now 1, as the plant simply closed its doors, leaving only one security guard. At first, the newly unemployed Emory and his friends enjoy their independence, strolling through the city and chatting at their favorite bar, where they download "depth charges" with reckless abandon. They think that the mill will reopen after hearing the optimistic speech of their union representative, but the reality begins to assimilate when they are selling their personal vehicles in a struggle to put food on the table and avoid the foreclosure of their homes. Emory's father, a dedicated trade unionist, is confident that the plant will reopen and reminds his son of all short-term closures during his 35 years in the mill. Meanwhile, some of the unemployed men take degrading humiliating jobs or get on their trucks and go on a desperate search for jobs. <br /> <br /> Finally, the union admits its impotence, as Emory explains to his stubborn father that times have changed and that the mill will not reopen. Emory tearfully asks "What did I do wrong?" As a life of hard work and dedication to work, the union, church and family have left him with nothing or where to go. He hits the bottom of the rock when in a drunken rage he mistreats his young children and hits his wife to the ground. Driven out of his own house and stung by the plant manager's comments that he and his men did not work long enough to justify their substantial salaries, Emory recruits the steel workers who still left the city to do something that show everyone what they are. able to. Early in the morning they burst into the mill, light the kilns and work harder than ever in their lives, producing in a single shift enough high quality steel pipes to fill the loading docks from wall to wall, from top to bottom, Something The plant manager thought it was impossible. <br /> <br /> Upon arriving at the plant that reopened suddenly, the stupefied manager looked around the tremendous production of a single day of work, realizing that a production like this could make the plant return to be profitable The manager asks Emory: "Can you do this every day?" Emory is forced to nod "No" and the manager asks, "So, what were you trying to prove?" Emory explains that the decades of work of the workers, honesty and dedication to their work had a meaning and that by showing how much they could produce in a single day "We just spit in your eye". Emory says goodbye with tears of tears from his wife and children as he leaves with his friends to look for work in the south, promising to relocate the family when he finds him. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest treatment of the plight of American workers displaced by foreign competition and offers a realistic view of the costs that run because of the lack of vision of unions demanding concessions and the greedy owners of plants who extracted every penny they could from their factories, but never returned the modernization. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his college brother, Pamela Reed as the sympathetic woman of Emory and John Doucette as his dying father all in excellent performances in this excellent image.
