Ah, McBain? The name of the character is immortalized and ridiculed forever by "The Simpsons", but he will always do it. to me personally, at least ?? it is still the name and title of a tremendously entertaining and scandalously violent action movie from the early 90s; directed by the great friend who brought us "The Exterminator" and starred by two of the most badass B-cam heroes, Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a cute and small male ponytail). I guess "McBain" will largely have to be labeled as a guilty pleasure, because there's no way I can convince anyone that it's an intellectual movie. The film is unimaginably absurd (most action heroes face a small gang member, McBain faces a whole country) and, however, take it too seriously. The script is a continuous and incoherent fire of cliché situations, meaningless turns, obligatory sentimental interludes, grotesquely organized action sequences and absolutely implausible character drawings. It is a totally delirious movie; I loved. <br /> <br /> Vietnam POW McBain's life is saved by also soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each of them keeps a half dollar bill as a symbol that McBain is in debt to Santos. Eighteen years later, Santos is an energetic rebel who leads the revolution against the corrupt president of his native country, Colombia. Santos' initial attempt to seize power fails and is publicly executed on the balcony of El Presidente. Her sister travels to New York with the dollar bill and goes to McBain to ask for financial help and labor. McBain and his old friends from Vietnam, who by chance are fed up with the injustice in this world, stand up like a miserable little plane and fly to Columbia to open a gigantic can of screams. <br /> <br /> Okay, let's not kid ourselves here. The fact that he is reading a user comment on "McBain" already indicates that he has some interest for the action of low budget B films. One of my fellow reviewers devoted a lot of time to writing a list that contains all the main stupidities and insensitive moments of "McBain." This list is totally accurate and I can only agree with it. Hell, I could even add some more meaningless sequences to that list (like the absurd and unnecessary heroic self-sacrifice of a soldier who does not even have an affinity with the objective of the mission and the rest of McBain's squadron), but what is it? point? You definitely know that you should not expect a 100% coherent and plausible masterpiece. We know in advance that this will be a silly and exaggeratedly extravagant movie, and maybe it's the exact reason why we want to see it! This is a tremendously scandalous and exciting film about a group of former friends from Vietnam who became mercenaries and declared war on the corrupt Colombian president and the national drug cartel. Please, do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". This particular film is based on the performance of macho drivers, a lot of explosions and shootings. last but not least ?? a fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez sings a cover of "Brothers in Arms".
