First, an explanation: despite my headline, I give this movie only 8 stars because, in general, it is NOT one of the best movies that have been made. All the reviews recorded here have valid points. Also, keep in mind that to enjoy the script you really need to appreciate the brilliance of Neil Simon to find the wit within the real human jokes. He has a distinctive New York ear for dialogue, especially dry, Jewish and loving sarcasm, and if he has trouble accepting sarcasm as an expression of love, then he might have trouble accepting optimism at the heart of this film. . <br /> <br /> Both for warnings. This is my main point: Walter Matthau is perfectly perfect, even more than perfect, in this film. I've never seen it more fun, or more moving, because at the same time it shows us the hilarity of this character who refuses to give up his self-esteem of Great Star or unbearable attitudes, even when his coherence is in decline. It also shows us the most vulnerable person, maybe even with a heartbreaking pain inside the grumpy one. And he just shows us that sad part: it's enough to really get to you if you're facing the mental deterioration of your own father or husband at this moment (I mention it as a warning), but artistically, it's enough. Pathos to give this character the most authentic and deep roots I've seen, possibly in any cinematographic performance. This goes beyond the acting method: Matthau's performance is exquisite as the work of the characters and a pure pleasure as a comic delivery. This is a masterpiece of comedic acting. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: Personally, I find his acting annoying in general, and his work in this film is no exception, although he has some good moments here. ("Chicken is funny ..." is one of them.) So if you like it, you should do it here, and if not, this movie will not change your mind. <br /> <br /> About the 1976 Oscars ... I agree that Matthau had the misfortune to face Nicholson in "Cuckoo Nest" that year. It was a murderous year for the competition of main actors; if there were only separate Oscars for comedy and drama, then I think the Oscars for Best Actor would have gone to Al Pacino for "Dog Day Afternoon" and Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys", not to discourage Jack's good work as McMurphy, but I think Pacino and Matthau were CLEARLY more masterful and amazingly effective and absolutely legendary in their performances than Nicholson was that year. Also, I think that Burns won the Oscar for the supporting actor more for sentimental reasons than for the quality of his performance. I mean, he was good at this movie, but not so much. (Burns' excellent performance, but exceptionally in itself, to show off in the business, exceeded Brad Dourif's truly brilliant debut in "Cuckoo's Nest," not to mention Chris Sarandon's impressive debut in "Dog Day Afternoon," I think that proves my theory.) <br /> <br /> Oscar theories aside, here is my final summary: if you like Matthau's comedic performance, then watch this movie and savor its powerful diatribe and its wonderful gestures inspired by the grandmother, her fleeting facial expressions and apparently without scripts. (But if you are currently dealing with the pain of seeing an older person lose control, then you are warned that this movie may be the comic relief you need or a dose of reality too painful to see at this time).
