1958. The small southern city of Clarksburg. The evil sheriff Roy Childress (the all-powerful Vic Morrow in his unpleasant maxim) suppresses super hard speed brokers by forcing such criminals out of a precipice to his untimely death on a particularly dangerous stretch of road. Childress meets his partner when the young and brilliant hot rod pilot Michael McCord (a splendidly soft and meditative portrait of Martin Sheen) appears in the city in his car charged with the specific intention of avenging the death of his brother (the brother from real life of Sheen Joe Estévez in a short cameo). Director Richard T. Heffron, who works from a tense and intriguing script by Richard Compton (the same guy who directed the gems of the 70s "Drive Home, Soldier Boys" and "Macon County Line"), tells the gripping story at a fast pace, he carefully creates a flavorful configuration from the 1950s, and deftly frees a lot of suspense from the tense play of wit and will between Childress and McCord. The uniformly thin cast helps a lot: Sheen radiates a vibrant rebellious vibe from James Dean up front, Morrow takes full advantage of his bad-tempered part, plus there are excellent supporting performances from Michelle Phillips as the sweet waitress Maggie, Stuart Margolin as Nick Nolte, an affiliate like friendly staff at the Buzz Stafford gas station, Gary Morgan as the captivating younger brother of Buzz, Lyle, Janit Baldwin as Sissy's daring local pie, Britt Leach, the stingy taxi driver of Johnny and Frederic Downs as the severe judge JA Puta. The culminating vehicular confrontation between Childress and McCord is a truly exciting thrill. The sharp cinematography of Terry K. Meade, the well-drawn characters (for example, Childress became obsessed with the runners of speed after his wife and son died in a fatal incident of flight and career), the wonderful syncopated score of Luchi De Jesus and The beautiful landscape of the mountainside further enhances the overall sound quality of this superior winner made for TV.
