This movie has been poorly received and poorly reviewed. Rebecca West's book was written in 1918, shortly after the First World War, when shock and amnesia induced by trauma were not cliches, as the reviewers say many books and films later. It is difficult to go back in time and live, as lived the characters, the realities of the time: the war and horror of the experience of the first war to use lethal gas, the British class system that the wife considered of utmost importance. The desperate spinster, and the lover of the past, still seen with the eyes of love being as young and beautiful as she was 20 years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates as the amnesiac soldier who will "die" if he is not allowed to see Margaret, the girl of his youthful dreams, is based on the devotion that his character showed in "Far From the Madding Crowd " Having seen that performance, it is possible to feel his strong romantic bond with the girl who did not live up to the expectations of family and society. Margaret says: "We fought, and when you rowed, you turned your face away from me." So we know that the break was something that instigated, that he was embarrassed, but that he forgot the shame in his memory of his time with Margaret. I have not seen all his films, but in the ones I've seen, he imparts a strong masculinity, which shines even in this role of a disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I did not even recognize it. Ann-Margaret at the beginning and feels that her performance has been underestimated. Having not read the book, I wondered if the child who died was the result of acting on a borderline incestuous feeling between Jenny and Chris, although Jenny states that "she is a cousin". The way Kitty keeps Jenny in the nursery at the hair-drying scene, the fact that Kitty says she always dries her hair in that room seems more like a way to keep the embers of anger hot. the orientation of the room to the sun. Or feeling about a lost child, and the statement she made that she wished Chris had not felt the need to preserve the room exactly as it was when the child was alive made her appear indifferent to the child's memory. In addition, Jenny is shown as living in the house in a subordinate role, as high society would have done to a fallen member at that time. <br /> <br /> Having recently received the intense fantasy of a lover (Non-sexual, according to the customs of the time, for 50 years, I could relate to the dilemma of Margaret and her husband. One side because he was not good enough for his family, and after his rediscovery through the Internet, I felt overwhelmed by helping him deal with his still terrible experiences of Vietnam and a marriage with a woman above his Class who was not My husband, like Margaret's, was very understanding, but the tension was very real.The lover was finally able to reconcile his real-life situation with his fantasy of loving only me. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good decision to show very little of the revival of the war experience that was going on, in Chris's mind, I thought of "Mrs. Dalloway" with the World War I soldier acting very violently and suicidal in comparison ion with Chris's joy in his Margaret fantasy. In contrast, the soldier's action in "Mrs. Dalloway" seems overloaded. <br /> <br /> Proving that the psychiatrist understood very little of what was happening to Chris, he underlines the great problem that the whole group faced. Everyone seems to get their life back, but was it the right choice?
