I just saw this exquisite 1982 film, Return of the Soldier, based on Rebecca West's novel. He is a forty-year-old Captain, very surprised, who does not even tell his wife that he has returned to British territory, but remains in a hospital in London. He has lost his memory and is a child again, with a persistent yen for the love of the lower class he pursued 25 years before. It is a delicate story. He is persistent in his childhood, while the reader discovers that his wife is an aspiring, unbearable socialite, who wants him to regain his place in society. Living with them is their cousin Jenny, who loved Chris Baldry, the soldier, when they were growing up as playmates, but has settled into singleness. The lower class woman, played by Glenda Jackson, is Margaret Gray. It is SHE who is notified that Chris is back in England. Chris's wife, Kitty, is surprised when Mrs. Gray comes to tell her that Chris is in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is vacuous and snobby. Why, she asks herself, was this other woman sending a telegraph about Chris instead of her? Chris has totally forgotten about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. Margaret, now married, refuses to meet him, but then she does and continues to meet him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's temporary happiness with Margaret will disappear if he "cures" her. Jenny realizes how empty Kitty is for Chris and forms a secret alliance of love through Margaret. Both are in love with him. Jenny wants to help. At the end of the movie, Kitty reveals that she and Chris had a child who died five years ago. Telling Chris this, the Shrinkage weighs, will undoubtedly return him to "normal". But is this a good idea? Chris, barely aware that he and Kitty had ever married, does not know his son and his death. The psychiatrist, who has just learned about the child, believes that knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris alone for themselves because Kitty thinks she's faking and refuses to accept Chris's illness to return to her youth in her forties. The film leaves it totally out of consideration with respect to what should be done with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, in the perfectly groomed bedroom of the girl, with Kitty also in the novel, but not in the script, discuss what they think should be done about Chris from his perspectives separate. Margaret is the critic here because, although she is married, she has fallen in love with Chris again. Jenny's social stature, Jenny believes, will be threatened if Chris does not correct himself. She does not reveal this to Margaret, however. Margaret decides, looking forward, that Chris can not keep his fantasy with time, but must return to something like a real life. While Kitty and Jenny watch from the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris outside and tells her about her lost son. The head of the victim of the buoyant war sinks, his shoulders fall, he looks away. He walks down towards the house. End <br /> <br /> I read some reviews of this first novel by Rebecca West. The novel was written somewhat after the first war. The movie is never completely clear who is Jenny, her cousin or her sister. It would be more exciting if she were his sister, of course. Nor does the criticism clarify it. I'm sure West in his novel makes sure that Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller or Anais Nin, whose book Incest (about her relationship with her father when she was an adult to take revenge on her for molesting her as a child) considered reading, but then decided against it. Rebecca the author has a need to restore Chris as well. She also has outposts in her head for the Society, her novel excoriats first, but finally hugs one more time.
