'The store just around the corner (1940)' is a nice romantic comedy, not the kind that will interest me until the end of my days, but nevertheless it is a film that deserves its reputation. In 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch had taken Hollywood a long time ago by assault, and his famous "touch of Lubitsch" had become a brilliant trademark. This film was planned for release in 1939, but programming conflicts made James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan unavailable for filming. Instead of replacing any of its main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production, meanwhile he was directing Greta Garbo in 'Ninotchka (1939)'. When it was finally completed, "The Shop Around the Corner" seems to have met with relative indifference, receiving zero Oscar nominations despite an excellent screenplay by Samson Raphaelson and excellent performances from its two leaders and Frank Morgan in a supporting role. However, time has betrayed the massive and lasting influence of the film, with high-profile remakes that include "In the Good Old Summertime (1949)" and "You Have Got Mail (1998)". <br /> <br /> In On its surface, one could assume that 'The store just around the corner' is simply the story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other without knowing it. However, Lubitsch's film is much deeper than that. It is the story of Matuschek and Company, an elegant gift shop in Budapest, and the various human relationships that make the store such a close family. When the shop owner, Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to suspect that his older employee has an affair with his wife, we witness the collapse of two families, both at home and at work. Is there absolutely no reason why history has not been established in the United States? Maybe on the windy streets of New York? But Lubitsch deliberately recreated the passions and memories of his earlier years in Europe, the uniqueness of love and life before the war brought terror and bloodshed to every door. Does this subtle subtext bring a more meaningful personal touch to the film? In fact, even as I write this review, I begin to appreciate the story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are charming in their respective roles, but I think it's the supporting cast that really makes the film. Each character brings a distinctive personality to the mix, and their interactions are always believable and enjoyable. . I especially liked how Lubitsch, knowingly, directed much of our sympathy towards Hugo Matuschek, who, in any other film, would have been restricted to an undeveloped two-dimensional representation. It is possible that Matuschek has lost the love of his family, but he recovers it with the affection of his employees, and you feel a comforting radiance when, in the cold of a snowstorm on Christmas Eve, he finds company in a young message of face freckled. child (Charles Smith). This genuine warmth towards a secondary character seems similar to several of Billy Wilder's later creations, for example, Boom Boom Jackson in 'The Fortune Cookie (1966)' or Carlo Carlucci in 'Avanti! (1972). Of course, it is not necessary to say it, but Billy Wilder learned from the best.
