THE SHOP AROUND RINCÓN is one of the sweetest and most enjoyable romantic comedies ever made. There is simply no way to avoid that, and it is difficult to really express the feelings of this movie in words. It is not one of those films that tries too hard, nor presents the strangest possible scenarios to bring the two protagonists together in the end. In fact, all its charm is innate, contained within the characters, the environment and the plot ... which is highly credible. It is easy to think that such a love story, as beautiful as any other that has ever been told, * could * happen to you ... a feeling that you often do not get from other romantic comedies, however sweet and touching they may be. . <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) do not have the first more auspicious meetings when they arrive at the store (Matuschek & Co.) in which they have been working for the past Nine years , asking for a job. They collide from the beginning, especially because of a box of cigarettes that plays music when it opens: he thinks it's a ridiculous idea; She makes a great sale and is hired. Their dispute takes them through the next six months, even when both (unconsciously, of course!) Fall in love when they share their souls and their minds in the letters that pass through the post box 237. This would be a pretty plot Thin to base a full movie, except that THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER is skillfully exposed by a brilliant cast composed of totally attractive characters, from the same fatherly but lonely Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan), who discovers that his shop is really his home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), Kralik's partner and friend who always sneaks out of the room when faced with the possibility of being asked his honest opinion; Smarmy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut) who finally gets his due from a gloriously fair Kralik; and the ambitious errand boy Pepi Katona (William Tracy) who wants nothing more than to be promoted to the post of employee of Matuschek & Co. The unpretentious love story between 'Dear friends' takes place in this small shop in Budapest, Hungary , in the unceremonious dismissal of Kralik and the subsequent promotion to store manager help the two future lovers. It's good that everyone has a story in this movie; the secondary characters are well developed, and Matuschek's own journey in life is almost as moving as that shared by Alfred and Clara. His invitation to the new errand boy Rudy (Charles Smith) for the Christmas Eve dinner, performed in the beautiful snow of a Hungarian winter, makes the public happy that he is not alone; We come to worry about even the characters whose love story is not the subject of this film to tell. <br /> <br /> Aside from the love story, I must say that James Stewart is really one of the best things about this movie. He does not play the character of Jimmy Stewart in this movie (for example, "Smith Smith Goes To Washington"); In fact, Alfred Kralik is thorny and abrupt and not particularly friendly. In fact, it is rather a brusque man, with little insinuation (until, perhaps, the end) of youthful charm that so much awake, Stewart would soon come to patent. In fact, when he discovers to Clara that they have corresponded in secret, Kralik does not confess, he waits for him to see how far the farce can lead, especially because he realizes quickly (given his stormy relationship with Clara as boss and subordinate) that love The person who knows through the letters exchanged might not equate to loving the person himself. His description to Clara of the fictional Matthias Popkin (what a name!) That would become his fiancee is extremely hilarious, but also his way of proving that the letters do not reveal everything there is to a man, just like her. The letters do not reveal everything there is for her. Stewart plays this role perfectly: he keeps his face perfectly controlled whenever Clara insults Mr. Kralik, as he usually does, even (and especially) on his face. And yet, one believes, beneath the brusqueness and professionalism, that * he * could reveal his identity with as much seriousness and sincerity and pure hope, as he eventually does. <br /> <br /> A special mention must also be given to the other cast members. Margaret Sullavan is doing a little less well in the first half of the film, but she really takes over the Christmas Eve scene, when her heart almost breaks again because of Alfred's most vivid description of love from your mailbox. Frank Morgan becomes a great performance while the jealous Hugo Matuschek led to a nervous breakdown, the man who has to rediscover his meaning in life when he realizes that his wife of 22 years does not want to "grow old with him". And Felix Bressart plays marvelously the role of the humble but loyal Pirovitch (a Lubitsch regular, since he appears as a Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA). In particular, it is the scene in which he helps his good friend Alfred to receive the Christmas gift. the latter * really * wants ... a wallet instead of that ridiculous pack of cigarettes in which Clara is so hung up. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch really takes pride in this movie; for example, the lavish and meticulous care given to the detail in the creation of the Matuschek store is well worth the effort, even the Hungarian names At the door, the merchandise and the cash register and so on. But even though Lubitsch chose to establish history in Hungary, the scenario is truly universal: it could happen anywhere; It could happen to you. There lies the charm of this simple story, these believable characters that really * are * people. The snow on Christmas Eve is also real, or at least as real as Lubitsch could have done it (he brought snow machines at a great cost). This desire to make everything look as real as possible is what helps make the story even more believable, which gives this film a dreamlike realism that can not be repeated. (No, not even in a remake like YOU HAVE MAIL). <br /> <br /> * This * is really the Jimmy Stewart Christmas movie that people are missing when they talk about "IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE". Not to detract from the merits of that other film, but there would be no harm, and indeed a lot of good, made by seeing THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER this Christmas. He's sweet, funny, charming, and Stewart is impeccable in his role. We should all be so fortunate as to have the romance represented in this film; The best thing about this movie is that we get away from it feeling that we could possibly.
