This is full of big spoilers, so be careful. <br /> <br /> "Prix de Beaute" always suffers in comparison to the two films that Louise Brooks made with GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "Diary of a Lost Girl," but somehow, "Prix" It is Brooks' quintessential movie. Here you have the opportunity to be charming without the dark side of your collaboration with Pabst. What "Prix" has to Pabst's films is not music. In this early French film, the whole mystique of Louise Brooks materializes powerfully with a conjunction of image, song and music. The Charleston is what seems most associated with Brooks (was the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress is more strongly in tango. The tango also plays a plot point in "Prix", being the music with which she danced in her short promotion to stardom after becoming Miss Europe. Later, when she has abandoned her fame in favor of a mundane existence as the wife of the jealous husband Andre, the longing for her fame becomes evident when the same tango record is seen on the turntable of her apartment. So appropriate is the tango that Brooks uses to accompany the documentary about his life, "Buscando a Lulu", a film narrated by Shirley Maclaine. The brazen and forceful quality of the tango exemplifies the bold but elegant and erotic individuality of Louise Brooks. <br /> <br /> The song, "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi", adds an immense amount of pathos to what is not a great movie (but very good). By the way, Brooks' voice was not dubbed for the movie by Edith Piaf as some have claimed. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. However, the song is what the character of Brooks, Lucienne, sings to Andre at the beginning of the film to encourage him and express his deep affection for him. And in the climax is the song he sings for his screen test, which he sees with the producers and managers who intend to shape his career. It continues on the screen after her husband Andre, who has followed her to the screening room, shoots her and kills her. In a single shot, with Lucinenne's corpse at rest at the bottom of the screen while her screen test continues up with the song she once sang to Andre, the essence of what movies do other forms of art they are not perfectly characterized. While Andre watches his now dead wife sing him on the screen, the murder weapon continues to smoke, smiles subtly. She is now his forever, and by association, ours. <br /> <br /> Coincidentally, Louise Brooks' career in real life crashed and burned after "Prix de Beaute", so it was also the death of her last leading role. This movie really seals Brooks's mystique more than Pabst's films (which are superior films, no doubt). He also points out what is in the films that create the whole idea of ​​the "cult" of the movies, where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their death than when they were alive.
