A story of obsessive love pushed to its limits and of a beautiful swan whose beauty is the ticket to his own premature death. Placed at the beginning of the talkies, PRIX DE BEAUTE goes through being a silent film in its entirety (which is still in the background) and flirts with sound and sound effects. The effect is a bit irritating for anyone who enters this movie because the recorded audio is extremely small and does not help at all. For example, listening to a conversation about a sound scenario edited about the initial sequence that takes place on a beach is part of the film as the actress who calls Louise Brooks' dialogue and in doing so steals a good interpretation from the audience. Apart from that, the film advances more or less well, with small jumps in continuity here and there, something quite common in the films of this era, and makes that vague speed feel typical of silences. In a way, this is an experiment in a film, and closer to Sergei Eisenstein's style in the visual presentation and intimate close-ups that elevate it from what would be a more pedestrian level. Louise Brooks here plays a character who is not as good as she was known: she is a stenographer who, in a hurry, decides to participate in a beauty contest despite the furious opposition of her extremely suffocating boyfriend. His role is quite thirty and contemporary for his time; The last roles of Flapper / Jazz Baby were shown on the screen and now, with the beginning of female independence, women as professionals were represented in the cinema. That the character of Brooks decides to leave her boyfriend (even if she "reconciles" with him later) is also ahead of her time. However, the fatal flaw of her character is her willingness to believe what is not there, that her boyfriend wants her to succeed, and this is what brings her to an end in the cinema. This final sequence seems to be taken out of Hitchcock in his great suspense (seen in THE MAN WHO KNEW VERY MUCH) and cuts Brooks, his image on the screen and the murderous boyfriend. Even more dramatic is the location of Brooks "live" and singing with the already dead, a chilling effect for a powerful and chilling film.
