We saw the silent version of this movie, and it's just brilliantly beautiful. It is quite difficult to see how a sound version could have been created, since it is filmed with a pure silent technique, long narrations without words and without a single intertitle, except for a few baffling sequences in which Louise Brooks, who plays a French typist, is speaking quite conspicuously in English ... The only section that obviously cries out for the sound is the final scene, where Brooks is observing the rush of his test 'for a sound film': images that are constantly reproduced in the background as the action unfolds, with his mouth moving in an incessant and silent song. I was not surprised to learn after this passage only on the talkie version had been hailed as an example of new technique! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of its opening scenes and in the inevitability of the fairy tale of what follows, the film looks like a dream. As a 'Louise Brooks movie' was not at all what I expected, neither for his Hollywood comedies nor for the German melodramas of GWPabst: I found the language more fluent and enjoyable than any of them, and Brooks is a different creature, a Robusta Laughing young animal instead of a vampire from a showcase or a manipulated doll. <br /> <br /> But what gives this movie more depth than it seems at first glance is the unexpected second half; rejected by the rich parasites that clump around their beauty, the poor princess returns to a meeting stained with tears with her true humble love ... and the story could well have ended there. The fairy tale, however, becomes a tragedy. The dilettante Grabovsky, confident in his ability to manipulate the woman he wants, is still very correct in his interested prediction (young lovers can not be happy) and André, ironically, was right to distrust social influence. of beauty contests: after the intoxication of the glory of her moment, Lucienne despairs of the daily routine of married life, while her husband, in turn, goes crazy for any reminder of the whole affair. If it were a simple case of an incompatible marriage, that would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways, the "Prix de Beauté" remembers Yo de "Sunrise" from Murnau. But if so, the scenes of the fair and the photographer here would form a distorted mirror image of the happy reconciliation in "Sunrise"; Not dream, but an alienating nightmare. And the next sunrise does not bring a miraculous meeting but an empty bed and a desert home. Leaving a letter to say that she loves him and will always love him, Lucienne disappears again from André's life in search of brightness and freedom; and this time she will never come back. <br /> <br /> The columns of gossip confirm all of André's worst convictions, when he learns of his wife's whereabouts through reports that relate his name to Grabovsky. When the young worker finally enters the splendid sanctuary of the projection room, he is with a pistol drawn: to be greeted by the sight of his rival courting and caressing Lucienne, the same woman who had promised his eternal affection. she left it. He kills her, but even as he kills he is paralyzed by the living image on the screen, Lucienne in all her splendor transformed as he never saw her. The two women juxtapose in an interminable and powerful moment, as André is seen, seized, without resistance and retired: the dying girl and her singing self still projected above, trapped unknowingly in the eternity of celluloid, playing with the unconscious of the life or death or love beneath it ... <br /> <br /> The main discordant element of the film is the character of André's co-worker, Antonin, who seems to play no role other than the authorized back of his The malice of the contemporaries. He is the ugly one who can never get the girl, the shaggy hairy who is stumbled and tormented in the baths and at work, and must take everything with an insinuating smile in his fruitless hope of social acceptance: a typical product of harassment the most gifted and popular, in other words, but the public is apparently invited to laugh along with their tormentors. Unless the intention is to expose a darker side to the protagonists (for which I do not perceive any signal), the character seems to exist simply as a comic relief, but a comic relief with a clearly unpleasant edge. When we know him only as an inept Peeping Tom on the shore, it is easy to laugh, although the revenge of others seems a little exaggerated; When we discover that he is not a stranger known by chance, but the colleague of André and his usual companion, the continuous attacks quickly stop being very funny. <br /> <br /> But it is the images that remain. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
