I'm a big fan of Mitchell Leisen, so it was a great anticipation that I rented this movie, but the impression I got was extremely bad, so worn out from use and scorched in appearance, the movie was so dark. So dark that in certain scenes that are filmed in the dark, you can not see a single thing. That said, I think I share the same opinion as the first review of this movie. It starts unusually and does not mark the lines and rhythms of the typical Hollywood movie 30. Hell, not even your typical Hollywod movie of any era. It seems that the director has been influenced by the Europeans because there is a certain caustic realism in the proceedings from the first shot that is as designed in camera movement and placement as Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray) meet. You almost expect them to start singing "Make believe" from Show boat. It starts with some laughter and poor Anthony in a role of a scene where he does not speak a word of English is slapped by Freddie. Skids is a bum who does not care if he is a bum. That's why he registers in the army where he can hide from the world. However, he has just been released and, in a set of script blackmail, misses his ship to New York. This is when the movie starts and we started to put in motion those French films of the sixties. The scenes are so well acted by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, that the film wins. MacMurray is also good since he and Lombard fall in love while she nurtures her talent for the trumpet. Then the temptress arrives in the form of Dorothy Lamour. Enough with the plot. The film has fantastic montage sequences that dazzled me. They are very good. And Lombard scores a home run in this movie, but in the second half, Freddie is called a little more and he can not deliver the products. With a very melodramatic ending and an actor that you do not believe, the film falls short, but as it is not a typical movie in its structure, stage design and direction. It is worth taking a look. So it is one of the 37 hits of the 1936-37 season. Although I do not know its exact range.
