THE ODD COUPLE by Neil Simon created a model for many of his latest works. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were the inadequately matched roommates in the original, the first being delicate and orderly, the second scruffy and loose. Simon would rewrite (with less success) the work in the 1990s as THE NEW ODD COUPLE, with roommates. He did a mixed couple (a woman with his daughter and a man) in THE GOODBYE GIRLS. He also added an extra touch in 1973 to THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a Broadway hit starring Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, the elderly and semi-retired Vaudevillians. Here the problem of the "apartment" is reduced to a team of two men who can not stand. The 1976 film starring Walter Matthau as Willie, and George Burns as Al. <br /> <br /> Actually, Al probably does not think of Willie's bad. Willie is pathological on the subject of Al. First, Al had little habits, such as spitting accidentally a bit by pronouncing words that begin with the letter "t", and tapping Willie with his index finger, on stage. Second, Al retired when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and has been forcing his nephew and agent, Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try to get commercial jobs.) But Willie can not remember the lines unless they're funny, and he's still failing. stay until the end of an essay for a commercial. <br /> <br /> Ben is asked to bring the two together for a live scene of his most famous sketch on a television show about American Comedy. Al to see Willie, and the sparks begin to fly, since neither can find out what the other is doing (and this is only in the trial.) In addition to that, Willie insists on the changes (the minor ones, but they dismiss Al) as saying "ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door The initial rehearsal is a failure, but Ben manages to take them to the recording of the program The question is whether they will complete the scene in the finished program or Willie Will it twist Al's neck? <br /> <br /> The three drivers , Matthau, Burns and Benjamin, they do very well with the single-line, f remember the vaudeville pattern (example: "Chest pains ... I have chest pains, Uncle Willie. Every Thursday I come here and my chest hurts! "" So, come on Fridays! "). Benjamin tries to show his deep affection for his uncle, although the outer shell of Matthau makes it difficult (he only softens when he talks about the glory days of vaudeville) Matthau has a little better reality (at the beginning) than Burns, who seems senile because of his repetition, but actually Matthau's sense of rejection from the world that once applauded him makes him less willing to behave properly Burns is not senile, he takes things slowly, but he seems much happier by accepting his retirement. <br /> <br /> I call it a final "Journey of discovery" for our modern Lewis and Clark Al and Willie transcend their old parodies, as they gradually realize they have more in common in their old age of what they thought.Even the irascible Willie admits that Al may be (for him) a pain in the ass, but he was a funny man. <br /> <br /> Burns was not the original choice for the part from "Al Lewis" (his on purpose Dale of the equ ipo Smith and Dale). Jack Benny was. Benny probably would have done a good job, but bad health forced him to leave (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last participation in a film was in THE SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956 as narrator) performed so well that he won the "Oscar" for best supporting actor and had a career in the movies in the next decade. in movies like OH GOD! OH God, you have a demon; AND GO TO STYLE. He died in 1996 at the age of 100, after having proven he was more than just a bright man for his wife Gracie Allan.
