I have seen "Miracles still happen" now at least four times. I never get tired of this fantastic movie. From the beginning, it maintains the interest of a person. As the film progresses and the plane crashes, the story becomes very intense as we see this young woman trying to survive alone and scared in the Amazon, after a plane crash in which she was the only survivor. Losing her mother in this plane crash also makes this film even more dramatic when she sees the dangers that this young woman had to endure during her ten days in the Amazon. To think that this really happened is simply unreal and to think that someone could really survive this is indescribable, since we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and wildlife, as well as innumerable insects. As the film progresses, we see the many dangers that this girl faces when she tries to follow the river with the hope that she will take her to a city. Remembering what her father told her about how a stream will always lead to a river and then to an even bigger river, and this means that eventually it will lead to a community, this little girl keeps track of the small stream that eventually leads to a river Huge everything throughout the movie. Sometimes, having to swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared, hurt, I always managed to keep going. By the end of this film, it was obvious that I could not continue for long because I had not eaten in ten days and I only had water to drink and I was very sick and tired of the dangers. Finally, when she sees a canoe, she realizes that there must be a village and that the men find her, take care of her and then take her to a hospital where her father comes to see her, after fearing that she was dead along with the many others passengers A film so dramatic and so comforting to see the face of his father when he sees that his daughter is still alive after all this time in the Amazon! Movies like this do not get done much in those days. I'll still see him again and I know I'll never get tired of that! To think that this girl was the only survivor of this plane is simply unspeakable! In addition, the fact that she only maintained some very minor injuries was even more remarkable, while everyone else on this plane perished in the horrible shock in the Amazon jungle. A brilliant film, magnificently represented and one that I will cherish forever and I will love to continue watching. Highly recommended by my insurance!
