It was considered as the "Swiss response to the Lord of the Rings", but it is much more than that. It's not an answer to anything, it's something new, something fun, and sometimes it's completely stupid and stupid, but was Monty Python different than a fool? <br /> <br /> The beginning immediately says that this is a low-budget film and should not be taken seriously. The cardboard clouds on the strings hit the plane where the main character is sitting. But, to compensate for the special effects that are missing, the landscape does the trick. It's absolutely beautiful and amazing: who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the movie was the simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that was incorporated. It is not bright; However, it has some parts in a good mood. Edward Piccin, like Friedo, is absolutely convincing, it would be enough to go see the movie thanks to him. There are some good jokes, some of them are very boring, some of them will not be understood by people outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene in which Friedo decides to take "Pupsi", a telehobbie, with him on the trip. It is also very funny the scene in which Rackaroll, the knight who fights with the sword, decides to show off with his sword, and then he breaks it against a wall, breaking it. And there is a scene in which the "nazgul-ish" characters make a wonderfully comic scene that includes a toilet brush ... I did not approve of the idea that Schleimli used the Ring, the character "Gollum", in To "seduce" to the ladies. That was a little exaggerated. The idea that Mr. Sauraus wanted to cover the land with fondue was not so bright either. Original, no doubt, but not brilliant. But, above all, I did not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, that really was not necessary. In general, I recommend watching the movie simply because it is crazy and totally made of poor quality. Do not expect a parody of LotR as "Spaceballs" for Star Wars. But if you go to the movies thinking that this will be a fun evening, without any ambition, then you will enjoy. I'm not sure if it works in other languages, since it lives on both the Swiss dialects and the jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> In short: up to the courage of the Swiss crew who did that!
