Sarafina was a fun movie, and some of the songs were really great. Sarafina was very entertaining. Normally I do not like music things like this, but the singing was not scarce as it looked in the box. The film was useful for learning about the story because it was an interesting perspective of the Soweto riots in 1976. It showed him things from the students' perspective in the riots and showed him that they were real characters. Because you have to see them as real characters, this makes you like them more as an audience and makes you more sympathetic to them as total victims of the white government, with whom you can not sympathize. The singing of the students is correct because we know from the stories that the students in the riot sang and danced before they became violent. The students' clothes in Sarafina is very similar to the clothes shown in the photos of Soweto. They actually made the film in Soweto, so it looks very accurate in many places. All these things make the film more accurate so that someone who uses it learns about aparthied. As spectators, we must be critical of the way in which the history of Apartheid was presented. As I said before, he becomes sympathetic to the students, which makes him potentially less reliable and objective. Also, change some of the details of other accounts. In Sarafina it becomes chaotic when the policeman enters his classroom and shoots the students. The police and the army were very aggressive in Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. The police and the army shot the students, but there is no evidence that they go to schools and execute people like this. The fight was more on the streets and there was looting and crime. This is done in the movie probably to make you feel worse for the students at the school. The movie would have been more useful if I had some different information about aparthied. The teacher was arrested for being against the government and the mother is going to work in a house of white people. But there is no information about the government and why they did it or any details about racist policies and laws. -For George S, Chris and Finlay
