This movie reminds me of 42nd Street, starring Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I saw this movie, it reminded me so much of 42nd Street, especially the character Eloise, who is a temperamental star, who ends up falling and breaks her ankle, as did Bebe Daniels on 42nd Street and another artist gets the role and becomes in a star. . This movie, like most racing movies, keeps people watching because of the great entertainment. The racing movies always showed Black Entertainment, since it was really popular at that time. Dance styles, music, dress styles, you'll love it. This movie could have been great if it was done in Hollywood, it would have had better landscapes, better film and more money that would make any movie better. But it's worth seeing because it's good and Micheaux does well with what little he has. I have to say that of all the Micheaux films, Swing is the best! The film has singers, dancers, actresses and actors who were popular but who have forgotten today. Doli Armena, an impressive trumpeter who can honk so well that you think Gabriel is honking a horn in the sky. The sexy and sexy dancer Consuela Harris would put Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee in shame. <br /> <br /> Adding more information ... The popular blues singer of the 20s and 30s Cora Green is the focus of the film. she is Mandy, a good and hard-working woman with a man who is not good and who takes his money and spends it on other women. A nosy neighbor played by Amanda Randolph tells Mandy what she saw and heard, and Mandy goes to the club and catches her man with an attractive curvy woman named Eloise (played Hazel Diaz, a Hot-Cha artist over the years 30). and a fight breaks out. Then Mandy goes to Harlem, where she meets with a guardian angel, Lena, played by one of the most beautiful women in Dorothy Van Engle's films. Lena gives Mandy a home, a job and helps her become a star when the temperamental Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I think she is playing two parts or maybe changed her stage name) tries to ruin the show with her bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and breaks a leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right for the job and Lena is right and a star is born in Mandy. Carman Newsome, tall, long, lanky, but handsome, is the aspiring producer Lena also cares for. Pretty boy Larry Seymour plays the man who is not good, but after Lena threatens him, he can get in shape. There are some highlights, but the one that stands out is the part in which Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) goes ahead late to the rehearsal and leaves with everyone and then her man comes in and hits her in the jaw, but that's not enough. she almost gets into a fight with Mandy again. In the middle there is great entertainment for choir girls, tap dancers, shake dancers, swing music and blues singing. There are even white people watching the entertainment, I wonder where Micheaux found them, there is even a scene where there are blacks and whites sitting together in the club. Micheaux often integrated blacks and whites into his films, so he should be praised for such a bold movement. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first racing movie that I really enjoyed and it helped me to introduce myself to Oscar Micheaux. This film is one of the best in the racing genre, it's a behind-the-scenes story about the ups and downs of show business. <br /> <br /> No, these early racing movies may not be the best, they can not be compared to Hallelujah, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones or any other Hollywood movie, but it's It's great to watch them because of their initial signs of creating black films and, in addition, these films offer a glimpse of black and black life. Entertainment through the eyes of a black person. These films gave blacks the opportunity to play people from all walks of life, be beautiful, classy and elegant, and not just be stereotypes or how whites felt that blacks should be portrayed as in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses of these racing movies were not the best, but they were the only ones who could afford it at the time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford to let Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram and more of the bigger stars, so Micheaux and other black and white filmmakers would use nightclub artists in their movies, some were good, some were not great actors and actresses, but I think that Micheaux and others knew that most were not good actors and actresses, but they were used more as part of an experiment than for real talent, they just wanted to tell their stories and, in return, many black artists could realize their true talent in the films. For some real actors / actresses, the racing movies were the only kind of movies they could work on, especially if they did not want to interpret Hollywood stereotypes, so I think you'll be able to spot the real actors / actresses of the club artists nocturnal . These racing movies are very historical, they could have been lost forever, many have been lost, maybe the racing movies are not the best example of cinema, but even Hollywood movies did not start very well at the beginning. I think if the career film genre continued, it would be better. If you are looking for a good performance, most of the racing movies are not the ones that do it, but if you are looking for a real example of black entertainment and how the blacks should have been portrayed in movies, than watch movies racing. There are some entertaining racing movies with a good acting cast, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise In Harlem, Keep Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What A Girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem and Sepia Cinderella, which not only has good entertainment, but good acting.
