I'm a big fan of Vonnegut's work and I really like this movie, but I would not say this is a "Mother's Night" movie that I read. When people say that Vonnegut can not be filtered, two things come to mind. One is that many of his subjects are very close to the knuckle or even the taboo, despite the accusation sometimes used against him that he chooses relatively "easy" targets for his satire. This means less every day that passes in terms of filmability. The directors these days seem to delight in breaking taboos and I have high hopes in the version of "Bluebeard" now in production. Surprising to think that an innocent piece like "Sirens of Titan" by Vonnegut would probably have been equivalent to the "R" rating if it was filmed when it was published in the 1950s, due to its violence, language and sexual and thematic content, although it is a tragedy that nobody has yet arrived with a film script for it. And in the current economic climate, I also hope that some director is looking closely at "Jailbird", "Galapagos" and "Hocus Pocus". <br /> <br /> The other thing is his narrative style, full of irony about irony about irony, but still making it hilariously funny. It seems impossible to objectify it, and that seems to be the biggest obstacle to making great films from his great novels, because the small author comments that influence our response as readers are not possible in movies without resorting to techniques too clumsy as "commentators". "Vonnegut suggested that there was a missing character in the filmed versions of his work, himself as the author / narrator." To his credit, "The Breakfast of the Champions" (the movie) tried to keep the comedy and was a little clipped by his As another turkey made from a Vonnegut novel, "Slapstick" in an even more spectacular way. <br /> <br /> However, there is nothing wrong with a director giving us his subjective interpretation of Vonnegut, and "Mother Night" is an excellent example of how, as another critic said, a good director can add a visual poetry to a source like this, but so much humor is lost that, although it is the same argument, it does not really It's from the same novel that I read, if it had been, I probably would have been rolling through the corridors laughing a few times watching it.For a reader of the novel, I think a laugh even at the end is forgivable.The end of the movie, without However, it is really moving, and I think one of the successes of the film is that it can really make you feel that you've seen someone pass the knife edge between good and evil, and the jury is still deliberating. <br /> <br /> Standing alone and alone is worth checking out. Technically there are some minor but obvious errors, especially in continuity, and all too often it looks monotonous and theatrical, but most of the time it reaches an acceptable grade and, on occasion, shows considerable imagination and resources. The performance in general is of high order, even if perhaps the dialogue is a bit forced by today's standards. <br /> <br /> Survive pretty well watching "Slaughterhouse-5", and there's actually A little more "good" filmed Vonnegut, mainly versions of his short stories: "Harrison Bergeron", "Who am I this time?" and some other things like, of course, the filmed version of his very fun but disposable game, "Happy Birthday Wanda June". There was also an interesting piece, if it still exists, made in the 70s called "Between Time and Timbuktu", which Vonnegut apparently did not like very much, although he was involved in its production, because he felt that he misinterpreted it in its generality. He said it reminded him of the strange surgical experiments performed on HG Wells' "The Island of Dr. Moreau," but for many people it served as an excellent introduction to his work. <br /> <br /> But if the films do not make you want to go to the material of superior origin, they are not doing their job. <br /> <br /> As the man said, more or less, the big show is inside your head.
