I still have not read Kurt Vonnegut's Mother's Night (although I've read other books of his, all the outstanding pieces of satires and novels that change the game). After watching Keith Gordon's film adaptation of his book, it will be an immediate read in the near future. It is the kind of material that I am sure that if it was not made in 1995/96 as a movie, it will be collected immediately today in the period in which many post-period / present-Holocaust / WW2 movies are quite popular. . Except that this is much darker, though even more resonant, about the nature of the roles and the true underlying horror of living with a life after the war than what The Reader says. It's about the real danger of pretending in times of war, which is what it really means to be a spy in World War II. <br /> <br /> It would be one thing if Mother Night had a script with a lot of emotional depth and complexity about the moral choice and the constant role, even after the end of the war, for Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte) , What does he do. But it is also just a really strong feat of cinematographic technique. Keith Gordon is not someone I generally consider a director of really strong material (more, so I remind him of him as an actor, oddly enough he appears to appear briefly with the same Vonnegut in Back to School), but this is a revelation. He takes Campbell's story as a story of a fractured life: a German propaganda teacher (the "only American left in Berlin"), who is actually a spy for Americans but who can never reveal his identity, and it was before a playwright who really belonged to "a nation of two", he and his wife (Sheryl Lee). He follows him from his prison cell, waiting to be tried in Israel in 1961, while he writes his memoirs and tells of his disappointment at being a Nazi "dummy", and then in 1960 in a hiding place in an apartment in New York, which is where most of the film takes place. <br /> <br /> Mother's Night can be quite heavy, as on a level that one could associate with the Pianist, but on another emotional-cerebral level than the austere poetry of that film. Gordon, through Vonnegut, is trying to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing, except the memory (and then a strange transposition) of his lost love in a "sister" who has returned to him in New York, so he lets himself be carried away by his own means when he befriends a painter (Alan Arkin, very good here), and then a bulletin of white supremacy discovers him as a Nazi hidden by a bulletin of white supremacy, which carries Crazy to your apartment. Superficially, this should be just a history of direct espionage, but nothing is simple. The 'something' of this man's life is amazing, but ultimately it is of his own choosing. Campbell is one of those characters who could be analyzed for hours and hours, but you could reach the same conclusions (and, in a way, reflects the line that Goebbels said): the greater the lie, the more people believe it. That is except for the chosen few who started the lie and know their secret and their power. <br /> <br /> But oh, it would be one thing if it was just a wonderful and tragic-comic story, or another if they presented some really fantastic performances (like it is: Nolte is at his best here, and Sheryl Lee, who we remember of Twin Peaks as Laura Palmer, surprises in several roles, especially in the scene when she reveals that she is not "really" Helga.) It is also a beautifully shot film, with bright lighting and shots that reflect the mood of the audience. character, or just the harshness or disgusting colors of the time (look at the scene in which an old Campbell watches a movie of his youngest self casting a rant, the juxtaposition of faces is great.) And the music selections elevate the level of the tragedy It could be argued that part of the music is too much, but on other occasions it raises the material beyond its usual dramatic dimensions and makes it operatic, solemn about human nature. < br /> <br /> It's not always an easy movie to take emotionally, and some of the twists have that "whoa" tint as in any spy story. But it is Vonnegut's subversion that stands out, how to take on appearance and performance, life imitating art, imitating life imitating death and making it worth remembering. I still have no idea if the book is better than the one in the movie (or the other way around), but at this moment it is hard for me not to recommend this to anyone looking for a masterpiece of story telling about the Holocaust after the WWII.
