The American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (played with an obsolescence of Nick Nolte) lives happily in Germany with his wife actress, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee) before the start of World War II. At the peak of his life, Howard is recruited by an American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy on behalf of the Allies; prevented from the risks involved in the work, Howard has everything to lose, but finds the offer irresistible. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell disguises himself with the anonymity of a solitary life in the city of New York, which confuses his neuroses even more. The central question (in fact, a question that has frustrated many critics) of the film and the original novel by Kurt Vonnegut is: "Campbell is a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide offer clues, but no response, and this ambiguity "that we do not know" is what keeps "Mother's Night" fresh and interesting at all times. At the beginning of the film, Nolte plays Campbell as intelligent and confident; in the end, he is scared and insecure, or scared and COMPLETELY sure of his contribution / debt to humanity for the role he played in the war. Gordon applies a certain icy glow to the images of the first half of the film, which complements his portrait of the Nazi bourgeoisie and captures the dramatic side of Vonnegut. On the other hand, when Campbell is confined to his solitary New York apartment (which he fondly calls "purgatory") only to be discovered by a group of Nazis, the humor produced is also purely distinctive of the author and provides a temporary respite. Of the dramatic tension that unfolds. The moral (even spiritual) paradox presented in "Mother's Night" does not lend itself to a simple resolution, and to some extent, it must be left ambiguous: the black and white scenes of Campbell looking wearily into space while he is incarcerated . Israel suggests a tacit contemplation of which we have no knowledge, since Campbell is a character whose internal work we end up knowing very little; the war changes it, returning to the United States changes it and meeting the Nazis in New York forces it to prolong even more the façade of its "act", to the point where it can only look tired with an image of itself projected a wall, spitting anti-Semitic bile. Maybe that's the best reaction we can hope for.
