That magical moment in life, that point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confused whirlwind that marks adulthood. . . This is what this movie is about. <br /> <br /> Danni (played beautifully by Reese Witherspoon) is right at that moment in life when the movie starts. She faints over Elvis, playing her records and thinking with hope in love. Maureen, her sister will soon go to college, she has no problems attracting children, she is beautiful and it seems that everything is resolved even though she does not. She goes out with a local loser whose father is also behind her, and just wants her to find a decent child and be swept off her feet. Danni, like most young teens, would like to be someone other than herself, because most teens think that they are simply not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but she does not see that she is beautiful herself. <br /> <br /> The moment adulthood starts to get in your life is when you meet Court Foster for the first time. The father of the court who died recently moved to his old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He has been pushed into responsibility when he should be having fun. On a hot day in particular, he goes to the pond and jumps only to find Danni submerging skinny. They scream and argue and Danni leaves. But they see themselves a day later when Courts' mother is invited to Danni's to visit old friends (Danni's parents). Danni is attracted to Court, and Court to Danni. She is a tomboy and is brave, has attitude and says what she thinks. <br /> <br /> Court is 17 years old and Danni 14 and he knows it, but they continue to grow closer with their days at the pond between Court and the farm. When Court kisses her one day, Danni is in love. Danni's father tells him to invite Court to the house and he does. but things are uncomfortable for Court in his "type of appointment". However, the silence is broken by his meeting with Maureen, who has not yet seen Court. A look between the two and everything is over. The looks of pain and defeat on Danni's face are beautiful in their truth and painful at the same time. The rest of the movie I will not tell, but the film has more than a relationship between a child and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of the film is in its description of the moments of life, both beautiful and painful. and the relationship between two sisters whose love is tested both by a child they love, and the pain they must endure both together and individually. Danni finally marks her entrance into the world when she sees that the world is unfair, painful and perhaps even a little less hopeful than when the movie started. Few films can really capture the wonder of childhood and the pain of adulthood so perfectly. This movie has from the first time I saw it stuck in my mind. It's on the list of my 100 best movies and deservedly. I wish more movies like this were made, because if so. . . My faith in Hollywood would be much better.
