When I first heard about the program, I heard a lot about it and received some good reviews. I saw the first episode of this "forensic fairytale", as he proclaims himself, and I really got hooked on him. I have loved it since then. This show has a good sense of humor and it's fun to watch a good show like this. The cast is excellent as its characters, and I would not like to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with this show, Pushing Daisies centers around a man named Ned (also known as The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace, who discovered a special gift when he was a child He could bring the dead back to life at the touch of a finger, first he did it with his dog, Digby, but there is the problem: if he keeps a dead person alive for more than a minute, another person dies. when he returned his mother to life, and the father of his love for childhood died in the place of Ned's mother, the other problem is that if he touches the person again, he will be dead again, but this time He learned this when his mother kissed him goodnight, his father took him to boarding school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Almost 20 years later, Ned She owns a pastry shop, intelligently titled "The Pie Hole." A companion of Ned's work, Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) is in love with Ned, but Ned rejects his movements, trying not to approach anyone, learning from past experiences. The private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered the gift that Ned has and decides to turn him into a partner to solve murders. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them and, when the minute is up, he touches them again and they solve it. This is how they usually solve it. Throughout the episodes, the murders have very interesting plots and what people least expect. <br /> <br /> One day, Ned discovers that his next unsolved murder is his childhood sweetheart, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. Instead, the funeral director, who stole jewelry from the corpses, died. When Emerson finds out, and when Chuck wants to help him solve the murders, he does not agree a bit; For a moment, we heard him call Chuck "dead girl". All this is kept secret from Olive, the aunts of Chuck, Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz, respectively), and of all the others, in case someone recognized her from obituaries, news, etc. Vivian and Lily, previously synchronized Swimmers, had not left home in years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck love each other, although they can not touch each other anymore. <br /> <br /> This show is fun, it has great characters, it contains great twists in the plot and will undoubtedly arouse your spirits. I hope it is not canceled in 13 episodes.
