This show was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarity between the style of "Pushing Daisies" and that of others was not a robbery. (Yes, I've seen "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" is somewhat similar, but it's still different enough to be original.) Rather, there are very few shows on television that have this kind of peculiar charm. The biggest similarity is with "Dead Like Me", but "P.D" comes with that similarity honestly: Bryan Fuller created both programs. (Both programs involve a young "undead," for example). This program never stopped being fun and charming, and it was always strange, but it was always human. <br /> <br /> I must say a word about the Conventions of current story lines. some people have complained that this program lacked a moral center because in the first (and several later episodes), Ned seems to get away with causing the death of Chuck's father without consequences of any kind. First, this must be a new definition of "no consequences of any kind" because, even though Ned was only a child and did not realize that he had caused the death of Chuck's father, he felt guilty about it. . The moment he realized what he had done. In addition, around a dozen episodes in the series, Ned finally confessed to Chuck that he had caused the death of his father with his gift. Now, there are no police officers who accuse people with the magical cause of the death of a person by restoring the life of another person, so the issues of acquittal and restitution must be addressed without the guidance of society. In other words, it's between Ned and Chuck, who was not willing to forgive Ned in the short term. <br /> <br /> But this points to a problem with the continuation of the stories in the dramas of the network. I remember when the character of David Caruso in "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and it seemed that he got his way, for a whole year, he was caught and forced to quit his job (and left the program). The point is that viewers must learn at this point and not assume that just because a normal character does something wrong in a single episode and is not caught in that episode, he has got away with it. There's always next week, and maybe even next year.
