"Pushing Daisies" is surely one of the best TV shows of its kind in the last 5 years. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has an incredible creative mind. He is the mind behind other great TV shows like "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and the other is not as good as these, but also interesting, "Heroes" (2006). It is a mixture of the wonderful worlds that Brian Fuller created in previous television programs, mixing once again an amazing fantasy world with real people disguised as colorful images and exaggerated feelings, something that is always a fairy tale. Therefore, being a kind of fairy tale, you can not expect more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or also situations that are expected a lot, but not in the way that would normally be counted. <br /> <br /> A gift always arrives. With a curse, and what is sweet can also be bitter. That's right, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift as well as being an amazing chef: he can give life to the dead with just a touch. This could be a power in which everyone would die, or live, because if it were not for something simple and very sad: you can also give eternal death if you touch it again. The curse of this incredible gift does not stop there ... everything has a compensation and if it gives life to something for more than a minute, another kind of that will die instantly. He is a guy full of unfortunate events in life in a way that grew in an introspective way, always afraid to touch everything and lose once again the things he once loved. Until the day she could finally be near her greatest childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), if it were not for another sad fact: she was dead. He gave her his life again and she loves him as much as he does, but this love is untouchable. The true kiss of death. And that's how this beautiful modern fairy tale begins. <br /> <br /> When I heard about "Pushing Daisies" for the first time, it was promoted as something very familiar (or maybe some kind of homage) to everything Tim Burton has. created from "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure" (1985) to "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory" (2005). The results could not be better. The world around The Pie Hole was magnificent. Stories about Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) to solve unsolved crimes can be very common on television, but this is just a way to guide people through amazing stories surrounding characters like Chuck and Olive ( Kristin Chenoweth) in a wonderful world. From beautiful and dreamy images you can almost feel the taste of colors. Not only that, they merge into a lot of incredible and charismatic Gentile characters, even those with the darkest and deepest moods. <br /> <br /> Forgetting the trivial concept of unsolved murders and crimes, the show is brilliant. Triumphant in many other things. The actors here are top notch. Lee Pace is tender, soft and content as requested by the character. Anna Friel is the muse of the show as she is supposed to be her character. But the most extraordinary moments are always with the supporting actors such as Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (as Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (as Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (as Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines interpreting a character so dry, drowned in an impossible dark humor that could scare a clown, surely has the best dialogues and his body language and expressions are fascinating. But if Swoozie and his character give the best dialogues, the best fun moments are given by Kristin Chenoweth. It seems that he is improvising all the time, it is so naturally funny that each scene is a separate show. Kristin shines so much in the program that winning the 2009 Emmy for her supporting role in the program was totally just and deserved. There is also the chemistry between the actors and their characters, which are also amazing. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express what this TV show really is and what it is supposed to be. For those who think that this show is a waste of time or who claim to have no sense, surely they must open their minds and return to a moment they probably never had: childhood. <br /> <br /> Truth be told ... Television has never been so daring on a television show as with this incredible. "Pushing Daisies" was a great step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment and his sudden death was very disrespectful. It is true that television does not respect the great television programs like those that Bryan Fuller created, except "Heroes" that is still in the air and is far from being as surprising as the others.
