After having read two or three negative reviews on the main IMDb page for "Pushing Daisies", and a few minutes ago I literally finished watching the final episode, I thought it was about time I said what I thought about the DP. <br /> <First, to address some of the problems that others have seen with this program: something like "I hope people who have been awakened from the dead have a more realistic reaction." Realistic, in this show? Pushing Daisies is, truly, pure and absolute escapism. It's the color palette, the dialogue used, the scenarios, the situations, the music: for me, everything is just an escape from everyday life. An escape from the mundane and boring. This is where Pushing Daisies exceeds exceptionally well. Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: the vast majority of the television audience does not "catch" it, for some people it is too silly. But for people like me, even from the first episode I saw it ("Frescorts" of season 2) and I was amazed by the show. From then on, I bought both sets of boxes and they have barely left my DVD player. Other people I know can not stand it, it really seems to be Marmite. <br /> <br /> The show follows the adventures of Ned, the Piemaker, with a magic finger, which brings back childhood sweetheart Charlotte Charles. he works in partnership with private investigator Emerson Cod, owns Pie-hole and employs waitress Olive Snook. Completing the main cast members are Aunts Lily and Vivian, whom Charlotte (Chuck) is never allowed to see. They live in a fantasy world where the dead come back to life, everything is shown with a touch of wonderfully bright color, and narrated by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> Besides describing the basic concepts of the show, I really can not praise it much more without saying: Just look at it. Despite having been ruined by the strike of the Writers Guild of the United States, with only 22 episodes to be made, it offers wonderful plot twists, stories, characters and situations while giving me a satisfactory ending (yes, I could say I had ) They hit me in the end and they rushed me, but I was still happy with the way it came out). Whether it's creative or just pretentious, for many people (including myself) it made the visualization more addictive and wonderful, and I hope that in the future of television more programs like this one will be created, so I'm not left with just 22., 40 minutes of memories of what true entertainment can be.
