The young Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren), an avid archaeologist, is sent by his head of the Museum to the great country house of Squire Richards (Pip Torrens), where his task is to find the source and catalog the collection of antiques and curiosities . to the recently deceased father of the Escudero. The Squire is surprised by the arrival of Fanshawe, had not waited for another week, but, nevertheless, welcomes him and receives his only servant, Patten (David Burke, famous for Dr. Watson), to show him his room. , as Fanshawe must stay for a few days to finish his task quite large. It seems that Patten is not the friendliest guy and seems to resent the additional work that will be the visit of Fanshawe; The large empty house provides an infinite amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance. Fanshawe is a picky type, very neat and precise, with everything that has its place, whether it is his clothes or his books and papers, and he is quite upset by the dirt in his room. It goes without saying that he is eager to begin his work, but unpacking finds his binoculars damaged in transit, so he asks the Escudero for a replacement pair, the Escudero, who is a man of modern thought, but also It seems pretty uncultivated. such matters, he is also eager to get rid of the mess around the house, so he forces and walks to Fanshawe to the top of the hill so he can inspect the farm and the surrounding villages, there the Squire directs him to the points of interest , including Gallows Hill, where locals were hanged for their crimes and misdemeanors, their interest is also taken by a local abbey that the Squire describes as a ruin, but Fanshawe can see through the binoculars that clearly is not, research more and pay. A visit to the site of the abbey and is surprised to discover that there are only a few remains of stone? Fanshawe does not have much time to think about this dilemma as the darkness falls, he feels that he is being watched, he feels a presence, he begins to see shadows moving in the forest, and surprised, he runs home. During dinner, he gives details of his heartbreaking day for the Squire, Patten listens to the story and suggests an explanation for her ... The binoculars! They used to belong to a local man named Baxter, who seemed to have picked up bones and skulls from Gallows Hill, boiled them for one mix or another, Baxter had mysteriously disappeared one night, the late Squire had acquired his belongings, including a mask of a skull and some old engravings of the area. These engravings fascinate Fanshawe when they portray the Abbey that he sees through his binoculars, but discovers that the abbey had been destroyed during the reign of Henry VII, so it would be impossible for Baxter to draw the sketches, however, they are signed. and dated by Baxter in the recent past, so he concludes that binoculars have a special power. That night he has terribly vivid dreams, when he wakes up, he starts with the binoculars to look more closely at the abbey that crosses them, what surprises him but has put himself in dangerous danger doing so? Fanshawe finally gets caught up in his dangerous obsession, while the darkness falls, the Squire and a search party go in search of the archaeologist who is missing, they are alerted by dozens of crows that sing aloud around Gallows Hill, accelerate their speed, but they will. In time to help or save Fanshawe from his fate? The series of films of Ghost Story for Christmas made by the BBC sadly ended its first series of films in 1978 with The Ice House, which for the most part were based on the work of the great Mr. R. James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was revived briefly and, fortunately, A View from a Hill also marked a return to the work of James, whose ghostly writings have haunted many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson being new to the series may have worried fans of the older films, but he returns to the era setting left by later films that immediately set the tone for a great Ghost story, his direction is assured while stays faithful to the The mood of the teachers works and gradually increases the fear factor to a frightening climax, keeping everything that the viewer sees to the minimum, thus increasing the tension and mystery. The autumn countryside offers a lot of atmosphere, the falling leaves and the low sun provide a disturbing scenario for the sinister events that lie ahead. It must be said that the cast is excellent and is perfectly distributed in their respective roles. The idea behind the binoculars is simple but very effective, the use of a man-made object to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye can not see, may even have influenced Alex de la Iglesia in his film La habitación del child (2006) of The following year, with which it has similar similarity. I had heard mixed reviews of this particular film, but I must say that I found it intriguing at all times and it even raised some hairs on my head and gave me some chills, something that does not happen much these days, I think. Any negativity that surrounds the film can only be attributed to its rhythm, which to my eyes is perfection, but for the modern public it will be considered extremely slow. There is a lot of time, even in its brief 40 minutes, for the development of the character and the expansion of the plot, and I must say that it is one of my favorites and, without a doubt, one of the best films of the decade .
