The year 2005 saw no less than 3 productions filmed from the great novel by H. G. Wells, "The War of the Worlds." This is perhaps the least known and most probably the best of them. No other version of WotW has attempted to not only present the story to a large extent as Wells wrote it, but also to create the atmosphere of the era in which it should occur: the last year of the nineteenth century, 1900? using the original configuration of Wells, in and near Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems to be unfriendly to what they consider "spoilers". That could apply to some movies, where the ending might be a surprise, but with respect to one of the most famous novels in the world, it seems silly. I have no sympathy for people who have forgotten to read one of the fundamental works of English literature, so we go straight to the persecution. The aliens are destroyed by catching a disease of the Earth, against which they have no immunity. If that's a spoiler, so be it; After a book and 3 other movies (including the 1953 classic), you should know how this ends. <br /> <br /> This film, which follows the plot of Wells mostly, is also very well presented. in a way that could deter many viewers due to their ignorance of photography in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Although filmed in a widescreen aspect, the film strives to give an impression of contemporaneity. The general coloration of the skin and clothing shows a sepia tint that is often found in old photographs (instead of in black). Colors often recall hand tinting. On other occasions, the colors are washed. These variations are typical of the first films, which did not use standardized celluloid paper and, therefore, had many changes in print quality, even from black / white to sepia / white to blue / white to reddish / white, etc. As you will see on occasion here. Are the special effects deliberately retrograde, of a kind seen even as late as the 1920s? and yet, the Martians and their machines are very similar to how Wells described them and have a more realistic "feel". Some of the effects are really uncomfortable? like the destruction of big ben. Acting is often more in the style of that period than ours. Some aspects of Victorian attire may seem strange, particularly the use of ointment or glitter on the head and facial hair. <br /> <br /> Is this movie the only one that follows with some proximity the original narrative of Wells? as noted. Viewers may find it informative to take into account the details of the plot that appear here, which occasionally remain in other versions of the story. Wells's description of the Martians? A giant head mounted on numerous tentacles? It is effectively portrayed. When the Martian machines appear, about an hour after the movie, they also give a good impression of how Wells described them. Both Wells and this film do an excellent job portraying the progress of the Martians from the limited (mainly) perspective of rural England. plus some scenes in London (involving the narrator's brother). The director can not resist showing the destruction of an important milestone (Big Ben), but at least it does not stop too much in the devastation of London. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Martians is not a surprise, Despite the destruction by cannon of some of their machines. The narrator, who travels to find the escape, sees much of what Wells calls "the defeat of humanity." He meets a priest endowed with the Victorian affliction of a too precious and nervous personality. Finally, they are on the edge of a Martian nest, where they discover a terrible fact: Martians are vampires that consume their living prey in a very effective scene. Wells adds that after eating they created "a prolonged and joyful cry". Is the Storyteller finally obliged to conquer the increasingly hysterical priest without meaning? that revives just when the Martians drag him to the pantry (applause from the gallery, the British priests are often absolutely unbearable). <br /> <br /> This movie lasts almost 3 hours, reviewing Wells' story in detail. . Is it time for the author to have his due? in a compelling presentation that builds in dramatic impact. A few words about the performance: Do not expect award-winning performances. They are not bad, however, the actors are sincere and grow in you. However, most of them have had very abbreviated film careers, often only in this film. The Narrator is played by Hunky Anthony Piana, in his second film. The priest is John Kaufman? Also in his second film as an actor, but he has had more experience as a director. The brother ("Henderson") is played with some conviction by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. James Lathrop plays The Artilleryman, the only other important part, in his first film. <br /> <br /> In general, it is a splendid film, which portrays for the first time the War of the Worlds as Wells wrote it. Despite its small flaws, it is much better than any of its exaggerated competitors. If you want to see the war of the worlds of H. G. Wells? And not a totally distorted version of it? Watch this movie!
