Imagine that you can have what you want, go anywhere you want, be what you have always dreamed of being, only with thought. Now imagine sharing this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Would such powers be your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in "The Cage," the now legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. Famous as "too cerebral" and "too cold" for the bronze of NBC and rejected, "The Cage" was nevertheless the most ambitious and expensive pilot that has been made in the history of the network at that time, and Gene Roddenberry did not want to let all that effort and expense go to waste, and the result is this truly classic episode of Star Trek, which incorporates "The Cage" in a story that deepens and extends the emotional and philosophical depth of this disturbing story, a milestone in the history of television and one of the first truly serious science fiction stories ever filmed for the small screen ... Star Date 3012: USS Enterprise deviates to Starbase 11 after Spock receives an urgent message from the former commander of Enterprise Surprisingly, the message can not be from Captain Pike after all, as he is now confined in a wheelchair, mute and horribly disfigured after a tragic accident. Kirk and the commander-in-chief of Starbase, commodore Mendez, try to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the matter can be clarified, Spock, for reasons still unknown, commits an act of open riot, kidnapping the helpless Captain Pike and kidnapping the Enterprise through a brilliantly planned and programmed plan aided by a few Vulcan nerve pinches. Soon, the Enterprise is heading towards the remote and forbidden planet Talos IV. Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV is under interdiction, and any contact with the planet by ships or Starfleet personnel carries an immediate death sentence, which means that Spock seems to be deliberately destroying himself, and Kirk also, given that the Captain will be responsible for the activities of the ship. Surprised, Kirk and Méndez chase him in a shuttle, which in turn becomes dangerous when the Company refuses to answer his calls or pick up the ship until there is almost no electricity or oxygen. Spock, knowing that Kirk must be the one following the ship, of course can not send the Captain to certain death. After ordering the ship to recover and the occupants to get on board, Spock reveals what he has done to McCoy and demands to be arrested, after having put the starship in an irreversible course for Talos IV. When resuming the command, Kirk demands an explanation, reason why Spock requests a court martial immediate on the part of a court of officers to the control of Starfleet, of which there are three on board: Méndez, Kirk and the invalid captain Pike. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of Starfleet regulations allows him to manipulate the court to allow him to present evidence to the contrary that is inadmissible. Spock presents video recordings of the only contact that has been made between the Federation and the inhabitants of Talos IV, a trip made 13 years earlier by the same Enterprise under the command of Pike. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video due to its extreme detail, but the reality of the events described is confirmed by Pike himself, who turned out to have been attracted to Talos IV by a call for help from the alleged survivors of an investigation of the Federation. Vessel that crashed there 18 years ago. Among the survivors is Vina, an impressive beauty who is said to have been born before the disaster. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows him to attract him to an isolated place, after which he is kidnapped and captured by the Talosians, a race of androgynous humanoids with a huge cranial capacity and the power to transform thoughts into virtual reality. After the capture of Pike, the rest of the "survivors" vanish since none of them really existed except Vina. The episode ends when the court finds out that the "evidence" of Spock is transmitted to the Company directly from Talos IV, in violation of Starfleet regulations. Starfleet orders the immediate cessation of broadcasts, and we wonder what will happen next ... It will continue in a review of "The Menagerie: Part II"!
