It is a well-known fact that when Gene Roddenberry first launched Star Trek on NBC, the original pilot episode, The Cage, was rejected as being "too cerebral". When the series had another chance, Roddenberry thought it would be fun to set the events of the rejected episode as a canon, and he did it by writing The Menagerie, which has the unique distinction of being the sequel to what it still was, at that time. , an unscheduled episode. <br /> <br /> This time, instead of exploring a new planet, Kirk and his team are in Starbase 11, visiting former Enterprise Commander Christopher Pike (Sean Kenney), now horribly disfigured and paralyzed due to a accident. Pike joins his successor in the starship, where an unpleasant surprise awaits him: Spock, who used to serve under Pike, has effectively hijacked the ship and set the course for Talos IV, a planet that is forbidden (the punishment is the death) since Pike and Spock's last visit there, 13 years earlier. Naturally, being a logical creature, Spock surrenders and organizes a court martial so that he can justify his actions. <br /> <br /> There is no need to say more about the plot, as the rest will unfold. Part 2. What really impresses is how Roddenberry creates the connection between The Cage and the rest of the Star Trek universe, by creating a particular type of flashback (saying more would be too much) that allows everyone, on the screen and outside of it . , to see what could have been Trek, if NBC had not rejected the original project. In particular, it's fun to see Jeffrey Hunter (who could not return in The Menagerie) play Pike as a more serious captain than Kirk is usually and the first days of Nimoy as Spock, whose personality had not yet been established: It is the only time in the whole series that the favorite Vulcan smiles spontaneously. <br /> <br /> In short, not only a great episode of "mystery", but also a gift for those who can not bother to track The Cage in its original form (it is available as part of the box of the Season 3).
