Parts one and two of Menagerie were the only two parts during the three years of the original Trek series and it was because Roddenberry was able to insert most of the images of the first pilot "The Cage". The measure was made out of necessity, to combat the problems of deadline for the episodes to occur (for example, such a show in the 1960s was a problem to finish on time). A positive result at that time was that the audiences, ignoring the pilot produced almost a couple of years before, were served by a new crew member and captain for these two episodes in addition to the regular cast of characters, as if the producers had spent twice as much. the money in these episodes to present a television epic that spans a dozen years of Starfleet history (although they still used terms like 'United Space Fleet' in these early episodes). <br /> <br /> The wraparound story begins as a mysterious argument from space: the Enterprise deviates to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very soon Spock is a suspect in these scams. Surprisingly, although even McCoy manifests the fact that Spock's Vulcan heritage makes subterfuge impossible on his part, it turns out that Spock is acting in some way to protect our precious spaceship and kidnap his former captain, Pike, now horribly paralyzed. Well, Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or has he just gone crazy? It may very well be, as it is directing Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet so forbidden that it is the subject of the only death penalty known in the books of Starfleet. When the template is ready, there is a great scene of Spock surrendering to a stunned McCoy, while Uhura looks in shock. Even Kirk, usually stable as a captain should be, does not know what to do with the illogical behavior of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In the third and final acts, we began to see images transmitted of an Enterprise mission of 13 years before, when Captain Pike was in charge and Spock was one of his officers. We do not really know where all this is going and what Spock hopes to achieve, and that is another thing that makes this a very good parterial, we really need to discover what it is about in the second part. Spock not only faces severe penalties, but it seems that Kirk's career may also be over. Double danger, friends. This is also the first televised episode in which one of those shuttles is presented (none was available in the previous "The Enemy Within" when the ships were really necessary). There is also one of those beautiful matte paintings to convey the atmosphere of a futuristic star base: this was the only way to visualize those things back then. Finally, check out Kirk's cocky approach at the beginning of the episode: boy, do things from side to side as the story progresses.
