['You should not take lightly what I am going to say. I have seen many, many films and I have reviewed many of them, in printed form. So, when I tell you that this movie has the funniest scene I&#39;ve seen in a movie, you may want to listen to me. There is a wide diversity of opinions about what makes this incredibly stupid movie as fun as it is. And to those who simply did not receive, well, I can not blame them, too much. The scene I&#39;m talking about comes at about 30 minutes and involves a dead convict chained to John Candy. Until that moment, I had found the movie silly, confused and I was beginning to lose myself. When this scene came up, I laughed so much that I peed on my pants. No movie has done that to me before. When the project started, &quot;Going Berserk&quot; was supposed to be the SCTV movie. I remember it was announced. With the passage of time, the cast was reduced to John Candy, Joe Flaherty and Eugene Levy. There must also have been a change of regime in Universal, while shooting up, because when it was released, it was shown in almost ZERO theaters. Seeing this for the second time, I listened to the theme song (which actually flaunts how incomprehensible the plot is, in the lyrics), I relaxed my logical nerve and discovered what was happening. Apart from the aforementioned routine, &quot;Going Berserk&quot; has many other fun scenes to recommend it. This is almost a 3 Stooges movie, except that it is much more fun. The director David Steinberg has a keenness of time, and he must have been laughing at all this. As for Candy, who is basically in charge here, it has NEVER been more fun. With all the devices of the plot and the explanatory scenes thrown out the window, he goes crazy. Flaherty and Levy follow him effortlessly. There is a plot, but it is a plot like &quot;Animal House&quot; had a plot, and yes, the script is irregular and a bit slow to start. However, once you know this, you can appreciate the SCTV-style craze that occurs. It&#39;s stupid, but it&#39;s stupid on purpose, and you should remember that when you see it. YES, see it and discover for yourself, if you have the funniest scene of all time.']
