This is a Casper the Friendly Ghost from my childhood, and I see it again on YouTube (Thank God for you!); after that I love this short, and it's one of my favorite Casper shorts. <br /> <br /> I love how the short film begins with a chilling tale with Frank Gallop's disturbing narrative; Until we see Casper sitting next to his tombstone in the cemetery, reading. While all the ghosts rose from the tombs to "boo" people, Casper decides to go in search of a friend. But in trying to make a friend, anyone who sees Casper escapes. Poor Casper sat on a log and wept; Until a small fox cub approaches him, caresses him. Casper and the little fox come together quickly and quickly names the puppy Ferdie and considers him his best friend. <br /> <br /> Casper and Ferdie's relationship is in great danger, however, when Casper is not watching Ferdie while they play a game of Hide and Seek. While Ferdie hides a hunter and two of his hunting dogs come and try to kill the little Ferdie and Ferdie runs as fast as possible until he is out of breath and begins to pant. While the hunter is firing shots at Ferdie, Casper realizes they are trying to kill him and flies in the direction of the hunter and pleads that the hunter leaves Ferdie alone. And the hunter and the dogs are terrified of Casper. Casper yells to Ferdie that the hunter and the dogs are gone and that everything is fine. But Casper sees that Ferdie's body does not move and asks if he is okay. When Casper sees that Ferdie has died, he begins to cry in pain because he lost "the only friend he had in his entire life". Casper returns to the cemetery where he has buried Ferdie and has made a gravestone next to Casper's headstone. Casper continues to cry in pain until he sees that Ferdie has risen like a ghost. Ferdie starts licking Casper on his cheek. Casper screams with joy because he has met with Ferdie. <br /> <br /> In general, it's a really good short; Although surprisingly disturbing, it shows death in a family-oriented caricature.
