Oh darling . Another example of "Oireland" and religion. There is no doubt that we will see some depressing nonsense with some "macho and hunky freedom fighters" of the IRA. Well, that was my first reaction when the credits started, but just over an hour and a half later I was in shock. What a magnificent movie. <br /> <br /> The story begins on the day of the wedding between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a small problem as they are getting married in the Catholic Church and Sheila is a Protestant, but for the wedding to take place, Sheila promises that her children will be educated Catholics and attend Catholic school when they are old enough The story, which unfolds in the 1950s, then advances a few years when Cloney's daughters are about to start school, but Sheila has decided that they will attend the local Protestant school to the chagrin of the local priest, Father Stafford. From there, things intensify <br /> <br /> Let me put my cards on the table and declare that, despite having a Scottish and Irish Protestant heritage, I was raised as an agnostic and I have considered myself an atheist throughout my life adult In fact, when it comes to religion, I consider myself a Marxist and religion is a cynical weapon that is used to manipulate people. A LOVE DIVIDED shows what happens when the self-styled moral guardians are responsible for telling other people what to think and believe. Can I have the temerity to say that if Karl Marx saw this film, he would love it and call it a masterpiece? Maybe you should not, because the drama of this story shows what happens when other people think for you <br /> <br /> In response to the couple of critics who have claimed that this movie is propaganda of the worst kind that I . Do not pretend to know the exact details of what happened in Wexford County and it can not be denied that Father Stafford and his flock of Catholic sheep are portrayed as evil, but Sheila is not the only one to blame. Do you think of a woman who lives in a rural village in Ireland in the 1950s who pledges to raise her children as Catholics and then changes her mind and believes that this will have no consequences? This is a warning against making promises and not keeping them. Not only that, but she disappears to allow other people to pick up the pieces of their shattered lives. There is also something that no one else has noticed and that the only character with some kind of moral sense is the former IRA man Andy Bailey, who shows himself as a gallant, not because he was a former IRA member (That makes a change. We are talking about THE OWN DIABLO here, but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself. <br /> <br /> A LOVE DIVIDED is an excellent movie that has a lot to say for itself, all of which I am According to If there is some kind of criticism it is that it looks a lot like TVM instead of a film, but believe me I can live with that and it is essential for anyone who thinks that religion is the opiate of the masses.
