I never ceased to be surprised and horrified by the evil that has been preached in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the Catholic Church in Twentieth Century Ireland are located near the top, considering that wisdom of history and modern times must have had a sobering effect. <br /> <br /> A divided love is the story of a real family marked by ignorant intolerance and prejudice, all in the name of an inane Church doctrine. At the beginning of the film, we are offered a view of the bucolic life in a small Irish town in which Sheila and Sean Cloney are happily married and have two small children. Sean is Catholic and Sheila is Protestant, but she has no qualms about her children being raised as Catholics. There is no sign of animosity between Catholics and Protestants in the town. Peaceful and loving relationships soon break down when Sheila expresses the wish that her eldest son attend the Protestant school. The local priest is in charge of prohibiting this "sin" and soon Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population of the village will turn against her and her father, the farmer of dairy products. In an act of defiance and despair, Sheila kidnaps her two daughters and flees the area. <br /> <br /> A special note should be given to Orla Brady, who plays Sheila. It gives an extremely powerful performance in which the viewer is attracted to the emotional trauma in which he decides to reject the wishes of a husband who loves deeply to express his fervent desire to establish himself independent of the pressures of the establishment. On equal footing is Liam Cunningham, who plays Sean, because it gives him a realistic portrait of a man who is not as complex as his wife, who is torn between his love for her and the influence of the Church and the community. <br /> <br /> If it were fiction, this film would have been a compelling and interesting drama. Considering that it is true, it changes to a horrible tragedy. In real life, people and people never completely recovered from the events that took place there. The Church took almost half a century to recognize its negative role in the events, and although Sheila and Sean lived their lives in the area, they never fully recovered from what the religious leaders and their villagers did to them. . <br /> <br /> Whether denying basic rights to the education of choice, knocking down planes in buildings, subjugating women, condemning entire races or simply for torture and murder, we humans certainly have the ability to use religion as A powerful negative force in our society.
