It would require the beauty and eloquence of Shakespeare to do justice to this remarkable cinematographic feat. However, I will try. <br /> <br /> With regards to Hamlet's adaptations, this one is already in a better starting point than all the other versions, since it covers the entire work. Even so, this is not a guarantee for a first quality movie, not even a good one. In general, I do not like movies that are too long and the trend that seems to prevail in Hollywood today, that is, films must last at least two hours, preferably three, hopefully not last long. Few stories are strong enough to withstand such extensive exploration and could do something cutting. Making a four-hour movie and keeping it interesting is not a small task, but Kenneth Branagh achieves it with great success. He has managed to make a very long movie look no more than any average movie. I was completely absorbed from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The cast is excellent, with Kenneth Branagh himself as the tormented prince who provides a strong and memorable performance. He manages to convey his feelings admirably through his voice and one does not have to be an expert in Shakespeare verses to grasp the large number of emotions that are being fired within him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I did not know what to really expect. I've always liked him enough as an actor, but I was not sure he could manage to play Shakespeare. Well, she certainly eradicated all doubts with her performance. She is the best Ophelia I have seen and she lent such depth to the character and it was simply wonderful. Other brilliant performances are Derek Jacobi as Claudio, Richard Briers as Polonio and Nicholas Farrell as Horacio, to name just a few. I liked the fact that Branagh used some internationally famous stars to play some of the minor roles; I especially enjoyed the battle between Hamlet and the gravedigger played by Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> The setting of the work in the 19th century gives a positive change to the Gothic settings, which are generally darker. In general, it is much lighter than other versions I have seen, more colorful and luxurious, but this does not distract from the tragedy of the work. It is exceptional, elegant and aesthetically pleasing, a delight for the eyes and other senses as well. The music of Patrick Doyle is, as always, magical and is in tune with the film. One can only feel a deep sense of satisfaction after having seen this. I am surprised and horrified that this exquisite work of art has not won an Academy Award for the best film, even more than it was not even nominated. There is no way that a better movie was made that year, or any other year for that matter. This is the closest thing to the perfection you can expect to get. <br /> <br /> In short, an amazing work of pure genius and I can not see how anyone could overcome this. I take my hat off, Mr. Branagh.
