William Shakespeare would be very proud of this particular version of his work. Not only is it the best movie version, it is also the only complete version of Hamlet. The village of Kenneth Branagh is simply a genius. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because he had the guts to do the whole thing, even if it lasted just over four hours. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his plan to avenge the death of his father, so I will not go into the details of the story. However, I will tell you that the best part of this version of Hamlet is not the impressive sets or the impressive photography, but the interpretations of the actors of each character. I doubt you will find a Polonius better than the delicious portrait of Richard Briers. Also, you can not go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. In addition, Derek Jacobi, a regular among Shakespeare's adaptations, is magnificent as an antagonist of Hamlet. <br /> <br /> Of course, we should talk about Kenneth Branagh. He surprised the audience when he appeared on the scene with his first outing with Shakespeare, Henry V. He surpasses himself with Hamlet. Of course, Olivier's presence was captivating, but I think Branagh's performance is wonderful. When you look at the screen, it's almost as if he knew exactly how Shakespeare wanted the role to play. How he was not nominated for an Oscar is a total mystery. At least the movie got some nominations and even a strange option for the script. Although I guess they know how to write when they see it. <br /> <br /> In short, you will never find a richer and more luxurious production of Bard's best work. To say that the technical aspects are impressive would be an understatement. If you love this play and you are a Shakespeare fan, you definitely need to watch this movie. Even if you really do not care about Shakespeare, the images will keep you busy for the duration of the movie. You may think that you will not be able to sit all at once, but you will soon discover that if you stop this movie you will want to see it even more.
