Many people do not think that Branagh's film Hamlet is so good, but I must admit that I think it's splendid. Like virtually all of Shakespeare's productions, he has problems and has had to make difficult decisions, not all of which work. What happens with the "secret doors everywhere", for example, simply does not work. That element never achieves the ominous feeling of metaphor or analogy that tries, which makes the work too flashy and loses its characteristic sense that a thousand mysteries are looming. This is the biggest problem with this production. And although it is something important, I am also inclined to say that it is the only problem. Almost everything else works very well. Okay, Branagh is a bit too old for the lead role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a bit forced. And it gets too hysterical at times. But that's it. There are no other complaints. Even with these flaws, I think this version is seminal, and if it is not a drama as powerful as it should be, it is the literary work that should be likewise. We receive the full text of the longest version of the work, presented in an innovative and expensive way, mostly uttered in perfect, modern and highly understandable voices, even if they sometimes speak too quickly to end the mass text. But in a Shakespeare staging, it is simply not possible to speak slowly enough so that the audience really appreciates the depth of language. For that, one must delve into the printed versions of the works. <br /> <br /> All the actors in this version are simply fascinating and absolutely classic instantly (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is surely one of the best in history, and even American actors are amazing, especially. Charlton Heston as the Player King: who would have thought ?! (The story is told that Heston once played Hamlet onstage, and when a critic in the front row could not stand the performance of his hammy and said out loud: "This is terrible!", According to reports, Heston replied from the stage: "Well, I did not write this shit!" Of course it may not be true, but it's a funny story, and if true, a bold and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston here Robin Williams as "Young Ozric" is perhaps not young enough for the role, but he makes it comical, which is justified. <br /> <br /> In general, it is a very well produced version, with most of the key scenes, in my opinion, supremely memorable Of course, I saw this movie just when I was interested in Shakespeare (and almost at the same time as Luhrmann's formidable Romeo + Juliet), and that made a great impression on me, which should explain something of my affection. br /> <br /> Considering t After all things, I must pronounce Branagh's Hamlet as my favorite, with Derek Jacobi's version on the 1980 BBC as second place. I probably like the work of Branagh in Shakespeare more than most, finding him an expert interpreter and popularizer, with an attractive and informal attitude towards words and a deep, appropriate and shameless appreciation of the text. In the world of Shakespeare's performance, the two brightest luminaries remain Olivier and Branagh, and while Olivier is the top actor, Branagh takes Shakespeare from the pedestal of snobbery and artifice, and transforms it into a simple, carefree worldliness and populist at the same time that compromises Nothing of its dignity. I think Branagh brings out Shakespeare truer than the world has ever seen. <br /> <br /> And so, 10 out of 10 for an absolutely awful Hamlet.
