When I read Hamlet for the first time, I could not help but think of the end of OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE, where Bette Midler represses the work due to how indecisive it is, and says: "Give me Romeo any day." Five acts of a man trying to decide whether or not to kill his uncle? It seemed an exaggeration to me. But after reading more, I learned to appreciate the work. I've seen the film versions of Olivier and Gibson (and part of the Nicol Williamson version), and they all take their model from Olivier; The melancholic Danish. Olivier at least did it without being self-indulgent about it, but Gibson and, from what I saw, Williamson, it seemed they were going to the "Look, mom, I'm acting! I'm acting!" school. <br /> <br /> Now here comes the Kenneth Branagh version, which is impressive from start to finish. He finished # 2 in my top ten of 1996 (behind THE PATIENT ENGLISH, and ahead of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, EVERYONE SAYS I LOVE YOU, LIVING WITH DISASTERS, BIG NIGHT, AND LOOKING FOR RICHARD) , And it's the best Hamlet, and maybe the best Shakespeare, put on a movie. Obviously, Branagh's talent as a filmmaker, to make the full version, in a 70 mm print and not lose our interest for four hours, is great, but what seems to be overlooked in the discussions about this film is his performance in the lead role. . This was my favorite performance of the year by far. Branagh avoids the melodrama in which the actors seem to be caught in interpreting Hamlet as a normal, normal human being, and makes us understand his actions and feelings every step of the way. And, unlike Olivier, who relied mainly on his voice, Branagh uses his entire body to demonstrate the range of emotions that Hamlet goes through, but as he interprets it in a normal way, nothing seems to chew landscapes. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is top notch as well. I did not even care about Jack Lemmon, although I agree that he was the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising twist came from Charlton Heston; I've always found it rigid like a board, but it's quite a commander like the Player King. The other big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I would find him totally wrong like the 1st Gravedigger, but he was his usual funny character while he was in character. In short, a glorious movie!
