Great epic as it is, Kenneth Branagh's monumental portrayal of what is perhaps William Shakespeare's most popular tragedy suffers the weight of his four hours of playtime and certainly requires some staying power. Most likely, two completely separate sessions will be better to fully appreciate what is, without a doubt, high class cinema. Although I absolutely acknowledge this masterpiece as such, I must confess the lack of enthusiasm for the extravagance of the old bards, their rhetoric (and he sends himself so well) and their many blossoms. Thus, "Hamlet" loses its impact when it loses control. <br /> <br /> From the music of Patrick Doyle to the cinematography of Alex Thomson and the exquisite scenes of Tim Harvey, the film is a feast of visual and auditory delights, which complements a fine. to emit. Branagh has taken three large shelves, adapting, directing and playing. His adaptation is excellent, his direction is strong, but when he got to the role of Hamlet, the tension seemed to be showing; however, he still does a good job in what is an incredibly demanding role. Derek Jacobi swallows the sinister Claudius with joy, and Julie Christie is the most dramatic like her queen, Gertrude. Richard Briers is wonderful as Polonius, and Charlton Heston is once again a strong influence on the screen as the King player. Many others approach, including Jack Lemmon (excellent in a very small role), Billy Crystal, Dame Judi Dench, Sir John Mills, Sir John Gielgud, Sir Richard Attenborough and Gerard Depardieu. The acting prize must go to one of the great theatrical discoveries of recent years, Kate Winslet. His is a poignant representation of the most tragic figure in this whole affair, Ophelia. <br /> <br /> To finish (before this review is longer than the movie), I must say that it is the length that really proves the viewer in this movie. Branagh has directed with a purpose, giving many important and striking scenes. Too many of them exceed their welcome. Watching this movie is a fantastic reminder of the many pearls of wisdom we have gained from it. "Neither a lender nor a borrower are" or "Be true to yourself." And, of course, "to be or not to be." <br /> <br /> The opening of two hours takes some perseverance, but if you manage to be tuned in, you will surely be treated to an exciting ending that builds momentum from the tragic funeral onwards. <br /> <br /> Monday, June 8, 1998 - Hoyts Croydon
