The image of film studios driven financially rather than creatively is not truly exempt (in fact, it is truer than false). This raises the question of why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create a full, uncut version of "Hamlet" with his complete creative control, among other things. Of course, Branagh had to accept some concessions (a star-studded cast and a 2.5-hour version for a wider release), but why did the movie studio allow Branagh to spend money on a 4-hour version? who knew that few would see? Could they have had, at least in this case, enough respect for the material and vision of Branagh to create something for only a few people? That is not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a glorious vision for those who are willing to spend four hours watching "Hamlet". We all know the story, so I'm not going to spend a lot of time on that. However, unlike other productions of the work, including the stage, this is a completely uncut production, which has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare never intended that the work be produced without cuts, leaving the decision of what to include at the discretion of the director. That said, I have no doubt that if I could have seen it, the Bard would have been delighted with Branagh's production. <br /> <br /> The film is full of movie stars, although most of them have little content. parts. Everyone plays their part equally well. I would have thought that Branagh was too old to play the role of Hamlet, and although he can still be, his performance makes up for it. Hamlet is a complex part, showing every emotion from pain to anger, happiness to madness, and everything in between. Branagh nailed him. Derek Jacobi is great as the cunning Claudius, whose deception and treachery sets all these things in motion; Your unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, the loving mother of Hamlet who does not realize what is happening until the end of the game. <br /> <br /> Classic actors are chosen in small parts (Judi Dench is ready for all 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly, nobody takes this seriously; Everyone gives everything, and it shows. Special mention must go to Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a bit too stupid, but it's not bad (his part is pretty small anyway). <br /> <br /> However, this is without a doubt the Branagh show. He adapted one of the most famous works in history and, in doing so, took over a whale project; It is impressive that he has done it, but the fact that the film is so good is a monumental achievement. What I really liked about this movie is that you do not have to be a Shakespearean scholar to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is hard to digest, but Branagh and his cast understand it. "Hamlet" is still immensely nice just by sitting down and listening to the actors offer brilliant dialogue and excellent acting. <br /> <br /> This is a must see for each and every one. It can last four hours, but it's definitely worth it.
