First, what I did not like. The performance was not really up to Hamlet. Branagh was really exaggerated, and he used to scream a lot. In my opinion, those actors who were not famous celebrities in general did a better job; although he would do it except Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And to Charlton Heston, too, but he was not sure if he was playing at being a hack). Many of the ambiguities in the work were clearly resolved in a way in the flashbacks. <br /> <br /> What I think that speaking a lot in favor of this work is that it is accessible. Shakespeare is hard to understand for the vast majority of people today; Many people are not even willing to try, because of their reputation as serious literature and their archaic English. If you watch this movie, you will clearly understand at least the interpretation of a man's work. You will see it more as the Shakespeare public saw it: a game with sword fights and battles, powerful and noble kings, assassinations and incest and evil schemes and ghosts, and a great art, if one cares to look for it, but in The day Most of Shakespeare did not, as most people do not. The overexploitation of Branagh and his interpretation of history in the viewer may deviate a little from Shakespeare's art, but it is better for the modern public to obtain a part of it, rather than nothing. <br /> <br /> I 'I have to say one more thing though. Some people complain that "it is set in the 19th century and it was not Shakespeare's time". Well, in Shakespeare's time, his wardrobe and the stage were those of his own day for all his works. Shakespeare may have said that it is in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or whatever, but he did not dress his characters as they were, he wore the costumes of his time. For the same reason his works are full of anachronisms. For example, in King John, English and French have guns, on the day of Robin Hood. In Julio César they speak of chimneys, which will not be invented for another thousand years, and in Enrique IV they speak of Machiavelli, who was not even born at that time. So I think this objection is nonsense. You could also complain that the work is not in Danish (after all you live in Denmark, is not it?).
