Being still in school age, and having to learn Shakespeare almost constantly for the past four years (which is very unpleasant for any writer, no matter how good), I did not really expect to enjoy this movie when my English teacher said: in I thought it would be the typical English lesson movie: bad acting, tremendously filmed, poorly edited and the dreaded old dialogue, so, as you can see, I was almost ready to go into a coma from the beginning. However, I observed and, to my great disturbance, I not only paid attention, but I also enjoyed the movie. This production of Hamlet is possibly one of the best drama films I've seen in a long time, and it really brings to life what I think Shakespeare wanted his works to be (well, with the difference that this is cinema) much better than My English teacher who dealt with the text could always. The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow with an unexpected grace that is far from boring (although a bit difficult to follow if you're not used to Shakespeare's language) and even the smallest parts are performed with a skill that you could not esperes Mainly, perhaps, due to the amazing number of cameos that this film has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as great as one would expect these two veterans to be, even in such small parts, but it is Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as the gravedigger who really stands out, giving an unexpected touch to those minor parts. , in addition to offering some comic relief in the middle of the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The main stars, of course, are also wonderful. Kenneth Branagh stands out like Hamlet, since not only brings the confusion and pain required to the roll, but also a kind of sardonic air that reproduces perfectly in the comic scenes, which makes the film is much more visible. The other main players are also good, but it is Kenneth Branagh who is far above the rest in the title role. <br /> <br /> The pieces are also quite impressive, which gives a refreshing change to the old, wet corridors of the castle that we are accustomed to seeing in Shakespeare's productions, as well as a real sense of the country that surrounds them. . <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie, taken as a movie in its own right, is not without its faults, but not the most important ones (rhythm is the only real problem that comes to mind all of a sudden, so as prose for anyone who is not used, as I said, the Shakespearean language) and, especially when compared to the kind of Shakespeare productions that I'm used to seeing in class, is really brilliant. It even made me reconsider my previous typical teenage posture in Shakespeare, that their games are boring (I came to the conclusion that it is not the games that are boring, just the teachers who recite them in class). If they only did all their works in films like this, English learners in schools around the world could have a higher opinion of Bard. <br /> <br /> General 7/10
