['I&#39;m a fan of both actors / singers, especially Gackt, and when I discover this movie for the first time and see the trailer, I think it&#39;s silly. After a long wait, I finally saw her and here is my comment ... <br /><br /> I consider that everyone knows the story and I will not mention anything, instead of that, my first applause is to act, usually because Japanese films do not have a brilliant performance. However, everything in the cast of MoonChild is simply wonderful and got in, especially Gackt reflects the emotions and changes of his characters quite well, I like many of his scenes both dramatic and humorous, as part of HYDE, his performance is good but deliberately remains in the background as an actor, respectively as his character, throughout the film. I did not like the cinematography, especially the lighting and some colors, but due to the small budget, it still has brilliant moments, but the true jewel of the film is the story. It has some cheesy moments, but it&#39;s fine for me and the subject of friendship. The film is very well developed and is sometimes moving. On the other hand, the story points to a cruel world that has no guaranteed life and, with some memorable death scenes, reflects this theme for visual purposes. An interesting note As well, this movie has some similarities with the excellent vampire movie Interwiew with the Vampire, which is also played by the most beautiful (not handsome, beautiful) actors in American cinema. Actually, Moon Child can be seen as a brother with Interwiew, although original in. It&#39;s a problem. The only problem is that MoonChild is a bit slow at times, I&#39;m a fan of Japanese movies and I used to do it, but it does not change. MoonChild has some useless scenes or characters. But in general, this movie is very good and very good. Emotional sometimes, as for the duo of actors and singers, I hope to see their other films in the future, and I recommend it to everyone who likes vampire movies, action, science fiction and romance 8/10']
