Moonchild is a very difficult movie to categorize. It is easier to consider it as several snapshots of the lives of the two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street gang in a multicultural city in the near future and that one of them is a vampire does not prevent them from having moments like any other person, and this is one of the places where this film is different from anything else he has heard about. He is not involved in the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire, it is something that should be treated like any other problem. The way the characters interact is surprisingly realistic: there are embarrassing relatives and tricks designed to look cool that just do not work, which leaves the film with the charming feeling of not taking itself too seriously for the most part. <Br /> <br /> The other area that really caught my attention is the languages. The fictional city of Mallepa contains several cultural groups, and the characters speak the language they are expected to speak. Members of Japanese gangs speak Japanese, but Chinese people speak with characters of Chinese descent. Possibly the most fun exchange involves an Australian and is done in English. The actors of the four main debatable characters have three mother tongues separated from each other and speak different levels of each other's languages, so it is quite a feat that the film has been made. Which, I suppose, brings me to the main actors. Much has been said about the fact that the film stars two of Japan's biggest rock stars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwanese superstar Lee-hom Wang, either praising them for their performance or criticizing them or simply they complain about them. In my opinion, Lee-hom is the best at playing a direct and realistic character. However, any lack of acting ability on the part of Gackt is masked mainly by the fact that the character he plays is likely to be too dramatic. I was not sure if Hyde's character was supposed to be as grumpy and sarcastic as the one he found, but it does not really detract from the movie. <br /> <br /> There are several scenes that are quite melodramatic. turns, which made it difficult to affect me emotionally (although this does not seem to stop many people). I discovered that it is better to enjoy the movie as it is and not take it seriously. It's perfect to go out and see a group of friends. It has its flaws, but overall it was very nice and I would recommend it to anyone who does not mind a few subtitles.
