The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi sees a move away from Poe and towards the realm of the science fiction series. Karloff plays Dr. Janos Rukh, creator of a device that can capture rays of light through his telescope in the mountains of the Carpathians and translate them into images that form a visual history of the universe. <br /> <br /> Before several guests, among them Lugosi, like Dr. Benet, a chemical chemist who had previously mocked Rukh's theories, proves the existence of an unknown radioactive element, here called "Radio X ", contained in a meteor that fell to Earth in darker Africa several thousand years ago. . Karloff joins the expedition to test his theories, but Radium X is a complex complex: it levels mountains at a great distance and heals blindness at close range. However, Rukh is careless and poisons himself, shining in the dark rather like those old Ready Breck ads! Dr. Benet is on hand to design a contraceptive for radiation, but the combination of poison and cure makes Rukh incredibly paranoid. Convinced of being deceived, he looks for the members of the expedition in Paris, including his estranged wife, and his physical contact in his radioactive state means death ... <br /> <br /> On the way we get the old idea pseudoscientific that the eyes of a dead person record the image of his killer (a remarkably different Karloff!) and the Radium X device used to symbolically melt the statues that represent the members of the expedition. And even a touch of James Whale in a cockney house in Paris! <br /> <br /> The Invisible Ray is very funny, apart from the Gothic opening, it is interesting to see Universal move the action around Africa and Paris. The film lacks rhythm, but it is always absorbing. Karloff slightly exaggerates his performance, but Lugosi is excellent. Universal again used the basic story scheme in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as the brilliant threat (this time caused by electricity) and Lionel Atwill as a much crazier doctor than Lugosi. The invisible ray is a dark and intelligent little film with much to admire. Not as famous as other Universal Horrors, perhaps, but it works and is highly entertaining.
