The gods of horror Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough reason for any lover of the genre to see a movie, and although the most convincing is not the only reason to see this little gem of science fiction / horror. While "The Invisible Ray" by Lambert Hillyer from 1936 does not share the brilliance of other contemporary films starring Karloff ("Frankenstein," Bride Of Frankenstein "," The Mummy ", ...) or Lugosi (" White Zombie ", "Island of Lost Souls", "Dracula", ...), or both ("The Black Cat", "The Raven", ...), this is undoubtedly a very entertaining film that no film lover of The cult seems to be a bit silly, compared to other Universal Horror images, but in a charming way, Karloff and Lugosi, of course, shine as always, and the film also benefits from excellent scenery and excellent photography. Karloff plays Dr. Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who has invented a technique to look into the past through a telescope, and discovers that a meteorite has hit the earth thousands of years ago. famous French scientist Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi), invites him to join an expedition to find the meteor. In Africa, Rukh makes a discovery that is capable of causing great benefit and great destruction alike ... It is somewhat strange that Karloff, who was actually British, plays a Hungarian scientist here, while Lugosi, who was Hungarian, plays a French scientist, but they are excellent as always. As far as I'm concerned, these two Horror Deities could probably have been shot by reading the phone book, and I'm sure they would have done something about it. Either one is an icon of the genre Horror, and seeing them together is a treat for all fans of the genre. By the way, this is one of the few films, if not the only one, in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually taller than Karloff. Frances Drake is a very good female protagonist in her role as the beautiful and young wife of Dr. Rukh. The rest of the performances are also good, if not particularly worth mentioning. Apart from the casting of Karloff and Lugosi, the best qualities of the film are probably the atmosphere due to the great scenes and photography, as well as the wonderfully cheesy and very entertaining plot. My main complaint is that I would have wanted more screen time for Lugosi, and that his role was a bit more important. It's fantastic as always, but its role could have been bigger and more sinister. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" is a wonderfully entertaining movie that should satisfy all lovers of classic Horror / Sci-Fi movies, and a must-see for all my fellow Lugosi / Karloff fans.
