The thriller films of the thirty that are best remembered are always similar to Dracula and Frankenstein; And there is a very good reason for that, but there was a series of smaller but excellent productions, and The Invisible Ray is without a doubt one of them. The plot is not particularly original and similar plots have been seen many times before (even in 1936) but the way everything is organized is certainly very imaginative and director Lambert Hillyer has created a very original horror film. The plot focuses on the good heart Dr. Janos Rukh; A man who has discovered a way to recreate the history of the Earth. His discovery leads him to believe that there may be an unknown radioactive element somewhere in Africa, so he sets off along with a team of esteemed colleagues to find him. However, the tragedy hits while on the expedition and the good doctor ends up being exposed to the element; what makes it shine in the dark and also drives it crazy ... <br /> <br /> The biggest attraction of the film is, undoubtedly, the fact that it stars the two biggest horror stars of its kind. epoch: Boris Karloff and Bela. Lugosi, and both give excellent performances. Karloff really shows what a good actor he is and his character has a lot of flesh for Karloff to impress. Bela Lugosi has a role that is extremely different from what we are used to seeing, and it is also a great performance of him; It's good to see a little versatility of Lugosi. The movie has a fairly slow start; But things soon begin to improve. The second half of the film is the best and that is really when the film becomes exciting and Karloff has the opportunity to shine (literally). The film does not focus on the big special effects and relies heavily on the actions of the central character to keep things interesting; and it works very well The film is still interesting and it is reduced to a very decent climax that envelops everything very well. In general, The Invisible Ray may not be one of the best horror films of the thirties; But it is very good and comes recommended.
