The story of Ned Kelly has been shrouded in myths and exaggerations for a time out of control, and this movie is no exception. What ensures that Ned Kelly has a permanent place in history is the effort he made to match the odds that the cops chased him. During several battles, he marched using beaten iron plates, from which the bullets available to the police at that moment bounced harmlessly. In fact, it's only because there were some bright sparks among the Victorian police that they noticed that they had not placed themselves on their legs so they were caught and hanged. History has been told in Australian schools and stories for so long that, ironically, some permutations of history have become boring. The more stories try to portray Kelly as an inhuman or superhuman monster, the less people pay attention. <br /> <br /> This is where this adaptation of Our Sunshine, a novel about the legend of Kelly, stands out. Instead of trying to portray a Ned Kelly who is as insensitive as the armor he wore, the film quickly establishes him as a human being. In fact, the reversal of the popular legend, which shows the corruption of the Victorian police and the unsustainable situation of the settlers, does much to make this film stand out from the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is simply a human being who lives in a time and place where to be found guilty of murder, one simply had to be the person closest to the corpse when a policeman found him. No, I'm not making it up The only area in which the film is wrong is exaggerating the Irish mentality against the English of battles. Although Kelly's gang was clearly Irish, Australia has long been a place where people from very different ethnic backgrounds have mixed almost perfectly (a scene with some Chinese migrants highlights this). <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does an incredible job of personifying Australia's most notorious outlaw. It is only because of the fame he has found in other films that the audience is aware that they are seeing Ledger and not Kelly. Orlando Bloom finally found a role in which he does not seem to be completely lost without his bow, and the appearance of Geoffrey Rush as the leader of the police contingent in Glenrowan demonstrates why he is one of the most revered actors on that desolate and small island. state. But it is Naomi Watts, who appears as Julia Cook, who gives a bit of desire in this film. Although the movie basically implies that Cook was essentially the woman in Ned Kelly's life, but you would not know it for the minimum screen time that arrives here. In fact, many of the one hundred and ten minutes of the film feel more frozen than exploratory. Once the element of police corruption is established, in fact, the film shoots so fast sometimes that it almost feels rushed. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the film's strengths are not capitalized. Rush barely gets more screen time than his name in the opening and closing credits. The same goes for Watts, and the rest of the cast comes out a bit like mannequins. I can only conclude that another fifteen, or even thirty minutes of images could have solved this. But that leads to another problem, in the sense that the lack of depth or background of other characters besides the titular hero leaves the events of the story without impact. A scene manages to make the speech well, but unfortunately, everything becomes a collage of moments without bonding after a while. If one believed the impression that this film creates, in a matter of weeks, even days, it passes between the moment when Ned Kelly becomes a man wanted by the word of a corrupt policeman and the infamous shooting in Glenrowan. Annoyingly, the trial and execution of Ned Kelly are not even represented here, they are simply mentioned in the subtitles before the credits appear. <br /> <br /> That said, aside from some unstable camera work sometimes, Ned Kelly manages to represent some thrilling shootouts, and has a good start. For that reason, I rated it with seven out of ten. Other critics have not been so friendly, so if you're not impressed by the shootings with unusual elements (and what could be more unusual than a full-body armor in a colonial gunfight?), Then you'd better look elsewhere. Especially if you want a more objective description of Ned Kelly's life.
