Okay, keep in mind the people who collected these DVD collections of legends that act like terror: I'm really grateful and I greatly support the initiative, but? Have you seen the movies before selecting them as part of the collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were several films in which the star only played a supporting and non-essential role ("Tower of London", "The strange door"). "The invisible ray", however, is part of the collection of Bela Lugosi and here, in fact, it is Boris Karloff who eclipses Bela! This really would have been a great title for the Boris Karloff collection! The character of Bela Lugosi is possibly the most affable and serious he has ever represented in his entire career, and the good old Karloff actually plays the mad scientist and dangerously obsessed here. "The invisible ray" presents three main chapters. The first one, set in Dr. Janos Rukh's Carpathian castle, is quite boring and requires a lot of patience for the viewer, but, of course, the drawings of the characters and the theme discussed here are fundamental to the rest of the film . Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to a pair of eminent colleagues (among them Bela Lugosi as Dr. Benet) how he managed to capture extraterrestrial rays within a self-made device. The scientists are sincerely impressed with their work and invite Rukh and his lovely wife Diane to an expedition in the heart of Africa. There, Dr. Rukh isolates himself from the group, discovers the essential element "Radio X" to complete his medical beam and becomes completely insane after being overexposed to the meteorite. The third and final act is, obviously, the best and the most horrible, as it revolves around a good wave of old-fashioned assassinations with clever gadgets (fusion statues) and a surprising climax. Karloff shines in the dark and, convinced that the others are about to steal his discovery and even his life, he tries to eliminate them with his deadly touch. The narrative structure of "The Invisible Ray" sounds quite complicated, but the film is easy to follow and entertaining. The story is quite unlikely, but nonetheless convincing, and director Lambert Hillyer offers several moments of sheer suspense. Boris Karloff is really fantastic and so is Lugosi, although he deserved to have a little more time on the screen. Their scenes together are the highlights of the film, along with the funky images of the brilliant Boris.
