Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made many films together, but in general (curiously) Karloff is usually the best man of the two. The real exception is "The Black Cat" (1934), where Karloff plays the evil head of a devil cult, and Lugosi is looking for revenge against him for having destroyed his life. But the most usual is "Black Friday", where (whatever his motive) Karloff is trying to improve brain surgery while Lugosi is a murderous thug. In "The Raven", Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who blackmails Karloff to help him in his evil plans until Karloff has finally had enough. Rarely are both the two characters totally negative. In "The Body Snatcher", Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi is trying to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The only exception in which both are extremely sympathetic but cross paths with each other is this 1936 film, which I feel has seldom had public acceptance of some of the other films I mentioned. In it, Dr. Janos Rukh of Karloff is a scientific genius driven by the "official scientific community" for his theory that a rare form of Radium is found in Nigeria in a meteorite that landed centuries ago. He finally got the support of a well-financed expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), and has another scientist, a Frenchman named Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), the young wife of Rukh, Diane. (Frances Drake) and a friend and protégé of the Stevensons named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). <br /> <br /> Before leaving, Rukh is warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that he may be looking for wisdom that should not and may end in tragedy. She tries to dismiss this, but she is worried about what she says, her scientific position and whether or not she will get the proper credit. <br /> <br /> What he receives is a disaster. Find the substance, but it is contagious because of its remarkable radioactivity. Find that it is burning slowly, and if you try to touch people or animals, they die. In fact, he has developed a friendship or understanding with Benet, who discovers a type of radioactive combat cocktail that Rukh can use to counteract the danger. But there are two things that are unbeatable here. The antidote can only last a certain amount of time, and must be replenished. And radioactivity has affected Rukh's brain. He is increasingly jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (encouraged, unfortunately, by Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and is equally annoyed that (because he has to pretend he has died), the effects of radioactivity are like that. Benet and several. others are picking up the congratulations of the wonders that "Radio X" is giving to man. Soon, Rukh is in a murderous uproar that destroys many lives, ending his own. <br /> <br /> The film certainly took science back to some extent. Madame Curie had recently died from a cancer she had because of her work with Radium. Few fully understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but they were getting an idea of ​​it. Rukh's wave of killings caused the newspapers to talk about a "curse" on the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​a "cursed" expedition (in the continent of Africa) for a hidden treasure buried centuries ago, funded by a qualified Englishman, we have entered archeology, not physics or geology (we search in Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to solve the cause of the death chain, and returns to an idea that was actually demolished in 1888 in England. During the murders of Whitechapel, Sir Charles Warren ordered that the retinas of several of the dead victims be photographed to see if the last image of the retinas was Jack the Ripper. It turned out that he only got the photographs of the retinas of dead prostitutes. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899, and here Dr. Benet uses it. As this is a science fiction story, he finds the image of Rukh on the plate, but Benet drops the plate accidentally and breaks. <br /> <br /> The film is good in many ways, the most interesting thing for a change Karloff and Lugosi are not unfriendly to each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story that is missing in his other films. The other performances are also good, particularly Ms. Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as the terrifying sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield". Here his final act is the only way to end this tragedy, and who can say that he did not hurt him more than his goal.
