There is no doubt that during the decade of the 30s, the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi became a sure guarantee of excellent performances in high quality horror films. After being the "first monster" of Universal in the seminal classic, "Dracula", Bela Lugosi became the villain of terror par excellence thanks to his elegant style and his foreign accent (unfortunately, this last factor also led him to be punished during the 40s). ). In the same way, the performance of Boris Karloff in James Whale's "Frankenstein" made him the man to look for when you wanted a good monster. Of course, it was natural that these icons ended up sharing the screen, and the movie that united them was "The Black Cat" of 1934. This formula would be repeated in several films throughout the decade, and the mixture of horror and science fiction director Lambert Hillyer, "The Invisible Ray", is another of those minor classics that they made in those years. <br /> <br /> In "The invisible ray", Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who has invented a device capable of showing scenes from our planet's past captured in rays of light coming from the Andromeda galaxy. While they show their invention to their colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), discover that thousands of years ago, a meteor struck in what is now Nigeria. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Rukh decides to join his colleagues in an expedition to Africa, looking for the landing place of the mysterious meteor. This expedition will not be beneficial for Rukh, since during the expedition his wife Diane (Frances Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an expert hunter that the Stevens brought to help them in their expedition. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife on that trip, since he will be changed forever after being exposed to the invisible ray of the meteor. <br /> <br /> Written by John Colton (who previously wrote the screenplay for "The Werewolf of London"), "The Invisible Lightning" had its roots in an original science fiction story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Since this was a movie with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton puts a lot of emphasis on the horror side of his story, playing very effectively with the crazy scientist archetype and adding a good dose of melodrama to spice things up. One element that makes "The Invisible Ray" stand out among other horror films of that era is the way in which Colton plays with morality throughout history. That is, there are not exactly heroes and villains in the classical style, but the people who make decisions and then face the consequences of those choices. In many ways, "The Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy about obsessions, guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> An experienced director of low-budget films B, filmmaker Lambert Hillyer had the opportunity to make 3 films for Universal Pictures when the legendary studio faced serious financial problems. Thanks to his experience of working with limited resources, Hillyer's films were always very attractive despite the budget constraints, and "The Invisible Ray" was no exception. Although it does not come close to the elegant Gothic atmosphere of Universal's horror films, Hillyer's film effectively captures the essence of Colton's script, as it gives this film a morbid and morbid atmosphere more in tune with the novels of the film. pulp than with direct science fiction. Finally, we have to say a word about Hillyer's use of special effects: for a very low budget movie, they look much better than in several A movies of the era. <br /> <br /> As usual in a film with Lugosi and Karloff, the performances of these legends are of an extraordinary quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in his interpretation of a man so blinded by devotion to his work that he fails to see the evil he unleashes. Like his colleague, Dr. Benet, Bela Luogis is simply a joy to watch, stealing every scene he's in and showing what underrated actor he was. As Rukh's wife, Frances Drake is extremely effective, and really helps her character become more than just a damsel in distress. Still, two of the highlights of the film are the performances of Kemble Cooper as Mother Rukh, and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, as the two actresses make the most of their limited time on the screen, making their supporting roles unforgettable. Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but nothing surprising compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If one judges this movie by today's standards, it is very easy to dismiss it as another cheap science fiction movie. With bad special effects and carelessly mixed pseudoscience. However, that would be a mistake, since despite its low budget, it is very well made for its time. Also, considering that the film was made when the nuclear age was about to begin and radioactivity was a relatively new concept, his ideas about the dangers of radioactivity are terribly accurate. One last thing that is worth noting is the interesting way in which the script manages the relationships between the characters, especially the friendship and rivalry that exists between the obsessive Dr. Rukh and the cold Dr. Benet, as this allows great scenes between the two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> Although it does not approach the gothic expressionism of the "Frankenstein" films, nor the elegant suspense of "The Black Cat", "The Invisible Ray" by Lambert Hillyer is definitely a minor classic among the catalog of Universal Pictures of horror movies. With one of the most interesting horror scripts of the 30s, this mixture of suspense, horror and science fiction is a severely underestimated jewel that even now offers a good dose of entertainment, courtesy of two of the most amazing actors in the horror genre : Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
