I'm sure not many people outside of Australia have heard of the legend of Ned Kelly. I once saw a documentary about man, but that's the only time I saw or heard anything about him. And I suppose this could be the biggest problem that this film will face. Nobody knows anything about it and probably not many people will care about the subject. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant has lived in the northwest of Victoria all his life, but has never been very well received by the authorities. The police always accuse him of everything they can think and continue to harass his family. When Kelly is fed up with how everything is going, she forms a gang with her brother and two other men. They start robbing banks and even kidnap an entire city for 3 days. All this violence leads to a manhunt organized by the police and when they kill three policemen, they are outlawed. Finally, they take over a pub in Glenrowan, where they hold a party with all the visitors, waiting for a train full of police to derail a part of the track they broke. But the train can stop in time because someone warns them and what will follow is a battle for life and death between the police and the four armed men ... <br /> <br /> It is very difficult to know if all which is shown in the film is true or false. I guess no one really knows, because there will always be two camps that will tell their own truth: one camp says he was a hero, some kind of Robin Hood, the others will say he was a common criminal, a murderer and a thief. . I really could not tell you which of them is correct, maybe both are, but what I can tell you is that the facts in the film and the documentary are almost the same. <br /> <br /> This movie was a good addition to the documentary I saw once and really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush are all well-known actors, but even lesser-known actors show in this production that everyone knows what a good performance should be like. I really enjoyed this movie and I give it a 7.5 / 10.
