After borrowing this movie from the local library a couple of weeks ago with the intention of seeing it originally a few days after Memorial Day, I was finally able to see Sayonara this morning. In this, Marlon Brando plays Commander Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, the son of a general who has been educated in a certain way, being transferred from Korea to Japan, where it turns out that his girlfriend, Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens), is convenient. Before leaving, he tries to persuade one of his men, a Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), not to marry the Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki) since that is a violation of the laws of military fraternization. However, with the romance between him and Eileen, Ace not only becomes the best man at the wedding of Joe and Katsumi, but also falls in love with an Asian after he and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) leave of the city and see the headlines The artist Hana-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself is dating one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Kuba). Eileen herself seems to have a fantasy for one of Kabuki's artists, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I will stop there and say that this was a mostly convincing drama about the prejudices related to romance relations between Americans and Asians, which were very moving from beginning to end. Even to see Hispanic Montalban playing an oriental is not too embarrassing (although it is good that his role is brief). And there are some good touches of humor like that of Brando's head hitting the top of the inner door of Button and Umeki more than once. Red and Miyoshi deserve their Oscars, especially Red with their challenging and proud emotions at all times. The rookie Garner, before participating in his legendary role in "Marverick" of television, is fine in his scenes with Brando and Miiko Taka shows a great moderation in his initial characterization as anti-American. While I've read that there were some changes regarding the James Michener novel, I can not imagine the director Josha Logan, who had previously adopted another work by Michener in the Broadway musical "South Pacific" and would eventually turn that into a movie , not Staying true to the original source. Certainly, it provided some inspiration with the final scenes that made the film's heartbreaking earlier tragedy a necessary plot twist. Some of the production numbers may have made the film a little longer, but otherwise, Sayonara was a wonderful educational experience about the customs of the 50s that permeated the United States and Japan at that time.
