There are few movies that leave me with the feeling that Gregor Jordan's Ned Kelly movie did it. Initially I had only heard half-hearted recommendations, and decided to see it for myself. Since then, I have acquired both the video and the soundtrack, and I must say that after several presentations, I am still very impressed with the underlying character of this film. It is also wonderful to see something Australian! I appreciate its quality to the land, that if you ask me is a rarity, as well as the absence of folly that takes away so many movies. This film demonstrates that elegant costumes and a glamorous ensemble that absorbs millions of dollars to make a point are not necessarily required. The cast was a bonus, which includes a variety of well-known people, and I must add, they look good and they did well to slip into the role of those unique characters. It is interesting to note that many of the criticisms regarding this film have been about who interpreted what, and how they only said so many lines. However, if any criticism is due, it should be constructively focused on the fact that a number of basic elements of the original events were excluded. Actually, these worked to make it the hallmark of Australian history. For example, on closer examination it can be discovered that there was much, much more in the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt, and that this was actually responsible for many more of the final results for the gang than were explored in the movie. It was also overlooked that it was not only Aaron Sheritt's efforts that provided the Victorian police with their knowledge of the mystery under development. Yes, this is his interpretation of the story, and it is understandable that the real stories require sensationalism and, sometimes, the modification of the original plot to capture the attention of the spectators. I feel that in this case, this is the only limitation. However, I can accept that perhaps historical accuracy is only important for those who have a particular interest in the realistic events behind a situation. It certainly inspired me to look more closely. Then, look at it and decide for yourself. You may not like it at all, that's your opinion and that's fine. Maybe it's a movie that greatly attracts an Australian audience? For me, I would call it a breath of fresh air!
