['It must have been several years after its release, so I do not know why it was in the movies. But as a child I enjoyed it. I just found a VHS tape from Superman and the Mole Men at the flea market and decided to watch it again (many years have passed). I did not expect much, now that I know how B movies were made at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find the film very visible and the performance of all outstanding. The habitual action in this type of films leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, the writing was not bad either. Forget the fact that Superman was sequenced in sequence and could have kicked all its extremes at first, because then the story would be over, right? Okay, the Mole men&#39;s costumes were heavy and not very scary (they did not even scare me when I was a kid). However, making concessions for the likely low budget for the fund and the costumes was a job well done by all. I recognized the sheriff immediately as The Old Ranger of the Days of Death Valley and many supporting roles in the television westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald played old Pop and was always a great supporting actor in more movies than I can count. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were also familiar faces from other films. Did you recognize the old doctor as the captain of the ship that went to look for King Kong? Did you recognize the girl who rolled the ball to the mole men like Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some of the mole men were also famous. Jerry Maren has played against Mayor McCheese for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, was the Munchkin who gave Dorothy the palette, was in an episode of Seifeld and in a lot of other works. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable role with Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, was one of the friends who met the star in Incredible Shrinking Man. He had a role in a movie that I happily grabbed at a street market titled My Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth. , Wizard of Oz and many other parts - great actor. John Brambury was also a Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this film, was undeniably wonderful in the role and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent ERA Superman. He did a great job playing the strong man. The conclusion to all that I have said is that it is worth watching this movie because of the cast and when writing about how to deal with a rather fragile idea for a movie. But it was the 50s and everything was possible from the intruders of outer space to the men of mass of the inner space. Definitely worth seeing, there is not a bad actor in the group. Whoever formed the cast was very, very lucky to have so many actors gifted in a type B movie. Some already had a great experience and others were about to get a great experience, but they were all gifted. So if you have the opportunity to see the movie, forget the costumes and enjoy the excitement and acting. It is a bird? It is a plane? No, just a good old-fashioned movie to enjoy!']
