I used to watch this on HBO or Showtime or Cinemax during the summer in the mid-90s that my parents subscribed to those channels. I found it several times in several places and always found it dark, strange and fascinating. I was young then, in my early adolescence; and now, years later, after having discovered the great Arliss Howard and having been dragged by "Big Bad Love", I bought the DVD of "Wilder Napalm" and I saw him again with my girlfriend for the first time in many years. I absolutely loved it! I was really impressed and affected by it. There are so many complexities of dynamic fluid and intelligence within the movements of the camera and cinematography; all of which combines perfectly with the intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three protagonists, their history, music and all the other actors as well. It is really "cinematic". I love the subtle intensity of Arliss Howard, the ambivalent force and the hidden intelligence, I'm a big fan of everything he does; and her game with Debra Winger's manic joy (they're married, of course) has that magical, charming reality that goes beyond the camera. (I wonder if they will see this in wedding anniversaries? ....... "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for anyone who has not seen it, it's brilliant.) And, Dennis Quaid with clown makeup. , introduced furtively, angled, hidden and shown by the selection of shots and the complete delivery is the kind of pure dark film magic that is not seen very often. Anyway, Quaid has always had a sinister quality to him for me, with that huge opening in his mouth, hiding behind his blinking eyes waiting to unleash himself as a wicked sorcerer or a diabolical weirdness (here as both). Both Howard and Quaid have the demented fire behind their eyes to achieve their marvelous squares of intense internal gunmen in a dark and cool way. In fact, the whole movie has a dark energy and a hip intensity. It is really a fantastic movie, created by intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all parties involved. I really can not imagine how this was financed, and I find it quite expensive, for such a conventional and unimaginative system, but I thank God that this type of film is filtered through the system from time to time. In a fantastic way, with all the bright colors of his carnival, his modern intelligence, his vivid and twisted humor and his fascinating chemistry, reminds me of one of my favorite films of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ... Now that's a compliment in my book!
