At the height of the "Celebrity Big Brother" racism row in 2007 (involving Shilpa Shetty and the late Jade Goody), I condemned those "C.B.B." in an Internet forum. fans who praised the program, after years of criticizing the "racist" comedies of the 70s, like "Curry & Chips" and "Love Thy Neighbor". I thought you were being hypocrites, and I said it. 'It Is not Half Hot Mum' was then thrown into the discussion, and some pointed out that he had starred in an act of blackening for an English actor. Well, yes, but Michael Bates had lived in India as a child and spoke Urdu fluently. Detractors of the show overlook the reality that brought his performance as a carrier 'Rangi Ram'. The famous Indian actor Renu Setna said in a 1995 documentary 'Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms' that he was upset when he heard that Bates had gotten the role, but added: "No Indian actor could have played that role as well as Bates." In fact. <br /> <br /> 'Mama' was the show that accompanied Perry and Croft in 'Dad's Army'; Also set in wartime, the quiet English town of Walmington-On-Sea had been replaced by the hot, humid jungles of India, particularly in a place called Deolali, where an army concert party organizes shows for the troops , among them Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first role in the comedy of situations from 'Doctor in charge'), the 'Gloria' Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes) camp gunner, the diminutive gunner 'Lofty' Sugden, 'Lah de dah 'Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (The late Christopher Mitchell). Presiding over this band of misfits was the beautiful Sergeant Major Williams (the brilliant Windsor Davies), who considered them all as '' poofs ''. His frustration at not being able to take his men to the jungle to face the enemy in combat made him bitter and harass him (although he was kind to Parkins, whom he thought was his illegitimate son!). Then there was always the English Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the silly Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). Rangi was like a wise old wise man, beginning each show by speaking to the camera and closing them by quoting dark Hindu proverbs. He loved being a carrier so much that he came to consider himself practically British. His friends were Char Wallah tea (the late Dino Shafeek, who passed to "Mind Your Language") and the rope that pulled Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So the real Indians appeared on the show, another point that their detractors ignore. Shafeek also provided what was described in the credits as' vocal interruptions' (similar to the songs of the '40s used as incidental music in' Dad's Army '). Each edition closed with him distorting 'Land Of Hope & Glory' only to be silenced by a 'Shut up!' of williams. The excellent opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Although they never equaled the 'Papa's Army' in the public's affections, 'Mama' was popular enough to run a total of eight seasons. In 1975, Davies and Estelle topped the charts with a cover version of that old chestnut 'Whispering Grass'. Then they recorded a full album of old chestnuts, titled (what else?) 'Sing Lofty!'. <br /> <br /> The show reached a critical point three years later, when Bates died of cancer. Instead of rewriting the role of 'Rangi', the writers simply left him in silence. When George Layton left, the 'Glory' character took his place as 'Bombadier', providing another source of comedy. <br /> <br /> In the last edition in 1981, soldiers left India by boat to Blighty, Char Wallah watching them go with great sadness (as did the spectators). <br /> <br /> Replays have been few and far between (mainly in UK Gold) due to their reputation as "dubious". This is strange. On the one hand, the show was not specifically about racism. If a blackened white man is so wrong, why does David Lean's 1984 film, "A Passage to India," still show on television? (He introduced Alec Guinness as an Indian, and won two Oscars!) It was derived from Jimmy Perry's own experiences. Some characters were based on real people (the Sergeant Major really referred to his men as 'poofs'). I think if you're going to put the story on TV, do it right. Disinfecting the past, no matter how unpleasant it may seem to the modern public, is fundamentally dishonest. "Mom" was funny and sincere, and the viewers saw it. Thank God for D.V.D.'s that I say. It's time to stop this review. As Williams would say: "I'm not going to gossip in this jungle!"
