This war comedy written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best Dads Army television show, was not as good as Dads Army, but it's still very, very funny. <br /> <br /> It is a concert band in India. Most of the episodes were about BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) trying to get the concert party, whom he referred to as a handful of puffs, published in the jungle. He always failed, since the vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the stupid Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were big fans of the concert party. The concert party consisted of Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), impersonator of Ginger Rogers Gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), pianist educated at Gunner University "La de da" Gunner Graham, also known as Padarouski (John Clegg), Singer Gunner "Lofty" Sugden, Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought that Parkins was his son, was quite wrong), the great dining room Gunner "Nosher" Evans and the animal impersonator (Kenneth MacDonald), was not Percy Edwards. Also, very involved in the adventures were the faithful Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), with the Char-Wallah and the Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) providing a wonderful support to Ram. <br /> <br /> The show, like Dads Army left many sentences. Rangi Ram used to tell his Punkah Wallah "Do not be as smart as an imbecile" and ended many of the programs saying: "Here is an old Hindu proverb, for example, when the wife has an affair with the best friend, it does not stop His house was set on fire "However, it was Williams who had the most phrases. He always shouted "Shuddup!", Say "Oh, heavens, how sad, it does not matter", and when he spoke with Gunner Graham, he always spoke sarcastically with an elegant accent. <br /> <br /> This Show does not enjoy the same recognition as Dads Army. This is probably due to a matter of taste: it is considered crude. Williams is homophobic and calls his men "Puffs", although it must be said that Williams is a bore. In addition, some people think that there is a racial element in the humor, since Michael Bates was blocked to interpret Rangi Ram (although Bates was born in India and spoke Urdu before speaking English), so the BBC will feel a bit uncomfortable putting it in motion, although the vast majority of people who have actually LOOKED at the program would agree that the program is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian, and did not take offense a bit at all and agreed like me. It made it a very fun show. When I watch an episode for the first time, I probably laugh more than I do for any other situation comedy, but when I see it for the second time, I do not laugh so much, but no matter how many times I see the Army of Dads. , I laugh many times in an episode. <br /> <br /> Best Episode: The Road to Banu, series 1, episode 7
