7 if you are a child - 6 if you claim to be an adult. This semi-sequel to the Lion King sees the secondary characters Timone and Pumba, retelling the original story through their eyes, including the story of how they met. In the great tradition of Disney, inferior sequels are made and, occasionally, television series with adventures of lesser characters of their greatest successes. You can be as skeptical as you want about this, but the children and fans of the series probably will not care; There are enough jokes, songs and interesting things to ensure that this is one of the few sequels above the average. This works due to the charm of the most beloved central characters, the fast pace, the jokes related to the first movie, and for the older viewers there are some funny gags. The animation is as good as ever, although a little less extravagant than the original, but the plot here is about taking it easy, Hakuna Matata. <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumbaa decide to watch the events of the first Film, which often halts the film to joke about parts of it, like a real audience. We see that Timone is an outcast, he feels that he does not fit and decides to go beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way he meets Pumba, another marginalized and they become friends. Soon they meet Simba, a lion cub, a natural predator of T and P, but they form a trio. However, when Simba realizes that he must follow his own destiny and leave the group, it is up to others to decide whether or not to help, and how. Of course, the usual elements and themes of Disney are here: friendship, good versus evil, etc. The plot is simple but works on many levels, which makes it smarter than your average animated movie. As CG films appear, the traditional Disney way must be smarter, but without forgetting the roots that made them popular. Toy Story and everything that has come since then has been smart, with jokes for all ages, and it seems that this is the way the market is changing. However, there will always be a place for movies like this, and you can not go wrong buying this for young people. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
