The Shining is a strange example of adaptation: it has very little in common with the original novel, written by Stephen King, but it is widely remembered as one of the best cinematographic interpretations of the work of the horror master. This is due to two factors: the masterful direction of Stanley Kubrick and the cold performance of Jack Nicholson. <br /> <br /> Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who agrees to take care of the Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter, is not affected by the gruesome stories that surround the place: he says that a beautiful and isolated place is just What you need to finish your new book. Therefore, Overlook becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son, Danny (Danny Lloyd). The child, in particular, feels from the beginning that something is wrong: the cook, Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) has told him that he is endowed with a mysterious psychic energy, the Shining Holder, which allows people like him and Dick . See flashes of the past and the future, among other things. Due to this "gift", the forces that live in the hotel immediately become interested in Danny, although he is quite capable of resisting them. However, that is not the case with Jack, as he becomes increasingly paranoid about his wife's affections and seeks consolation in the company of what can best be defined as ghosts, which triggers a chain of madness and fear which is very difficult to break. <br /> <br /> The Shining works like a horror movie because Kubrick, although he had never worked on this type of film before, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, hence the greater focus on the atmosphere and the psychological shocks that gore them and the creative bloodbaths. . King criticized the director for changing most of the story, omitting most of the secondary plot of Jack / Danny (simply insinuated in the movie) that led to the emotionally strong climax of the book, and although his disappointment is valid, the omission it was really necessary: ​​the novel dealt with redemption, albeit in an unconventional way, and redemption is a subject of which Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human decadence, never had any weakness for it. What interests him is the mental and, later, physical imbalance that threatens the characters, and keeps the tone creepy even thanks to a very cold approach and the expert use of the fixed shot (Danny's encounter with two ghostly twins is the best example). ). <br /> <br /> Another criticism that King raised was about the actors, especially Nicholson: in the opinion of the writer, his characteristic smile at the beginning of the film seemed to indicate that Jack was already crazy, thus undermining the rest of the film. history. Now, it's true that Nicholson seems a bit foolish from the start, but it's also true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal choice for the role) probably would not have been able to deliver such a terrifying performance as Nicholson's: from the moment he starts to smile in a more disturbing way than before the immortal "Here's Johnny!" In the scene, it is impossible to imagine another actor playing that part, and although the television version of The Shining from 1997 is not bad, the Torrance character is indelibly linked to One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest star. As for Duvall and Lloyd, both provide excellent support, the latter especially deserves a place alongside Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment as the great childhood icons of horror. One could complain that Duvall is completely different from the counterpart of the book (blonde and beautiful) and that he does not have much more to do than scream and run, but two things should be considered: a) in 1980, the cliché of "the queen of I shouted "I was not" yet one, b) rarely did an actress have been so genuinely terrified of the camera, making the differences between movies and books secondary in comparison to the real fear that arises in Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irvine Welsh, author of Trainspotting, once said there is not a fully faithful adaptation of any literary work (and he should know, given the freedoms that Danny Boyle took when his drug addict masterpiece appeared in the screen), however, that does not mean that the film is necessarily bad.The Shining shows that point to perfection: very little of the novel, approximately 5%, is included in the film, but in the hands of Kubrick and Nichlolson this master class in cinematic translation becomes one of the best and most original horror images of all time what really is to say something given the current poor form of the genre.
