Sometimes, this beats The Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's film is the most efficient and entertaining film, Kubrick is more artistic, more stimulating and, probably, more terrifying. It is one of the few movies in which I can see beyond its faults and really love it. Do I try not to compare it with the book? that I've only read once, a few years ago, and that scared me to death? Because the two do not have much in common, besides the history and the characters, obviously. It's almost as if Kubrick is relying on people's love for the novel to make his movie more terrifying. And so, without a doubt, it is one of the most interesting adaptations of books that have been made, as well as one of the best horror films. <br /> <br /> What makes the film so frightening is not fear, nor blood. and gore, not the various ghosts that appear from time to time. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people have complained about Nicholson's cast in this role, saying it's too obvious that he will go crazy in the movie, given his previous roles and appearance. I do not agree. We know he's going to go crazy? Since most of us have read the book? and Jack's appearance only promotes this idea. But it's the way it acts at the beginning that really scares us. He is calm, calm, patient. He gets involved in a small talk with the hotel managers and even with his own family. And with a wife and son as irritating as his, it's a little wonder that he manages to do it. But once it reaches the Mirador, it changes. He becomes irritable, angry, on the edge. The scene that always surprises me is when Wendy interrupts him while he writes, and he loses it completely, telling him to "leave him alone". This is the first F pump released in the movie, and it's a shock to the system. Thereafter, all bets are off. <br /> <br /> Another thing that I love are the multiple interpretations present in the film. We are never really sure if what we are seeing is really happening. Many critics have noticed that every time Jack speaks to a ghost, there is a mirror present, which shows that he can also be talking to himself. But what about the other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the climax of the movie, until she is given a tour of the many ghostly inhabitants of the hotel, but is aware that something is wrong, while Danny connects with the place almost immediately. Your psychic powers are not in doubt? How else would Hallorann know to come to the hotel? ?? But do you ever see any of the ghosts that your parents witness? It is easy to say that Jack simply loses it, being stuck in a hotel with his family, and Wendy also does it later. Seeing your husband trying to kill you with an ax will do that? But what about Danny? It seems that his body is taken by Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these characters are reliable witnesses. Probably Hallorann would be, and warns of the dangers in 237, but is killed as soon as he reaches the Overlook (a fear that Kubrick achieves by playing with the assumptions of the fans of the novel). And that final shot. Has there ever been a more enigmatic ending in the cinema? Has Jack really been there before? Or was his body simply 'absorbed' in the hotel? When talking about acting in this movie, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying performances in film history. Probably on purpose, to give Jack's character one more reason to break? and Danny Lloyd is not better, but Jack is a powerhouse. Part of the method, part of improvisation, is both frightening and attractive. For better or for worse, it is the character with whom we identify ourselves, not the annoying child or the annoying wife. We all want to have a hotel for us for a season, to be able to do whatever we want. Who cares if she is delighted? Of course, the technical aspects are spectacular. Kubrick's long shots, strange angles and strange images contribute to the horror. The use of color, mirrors, long corridors and any other reason only increases this. And I do not even mean that score. I do not know if the movie would be half scary without that disturbing and electronic tune. Its strangeness perfectly reflects the hotel, the mood and the whole film itself. <br /> <br /> I know that King does not like this movie, but King's opinion about cinema is nothing to brag about. As a great writer of novels that can be, his scripts are terrible, and his attempt to direct is better to go unnoticed. This is not a very faithful book adaptation, but it does not have to be, and it really should not be. Part of the horror of the movie is that the viewer does not have the book to lean on; There is no reassuring source material. Kubrick masterfully alters the narrative to further terrorize the public. If only for that, this is one of the most innovative films in any genre. And it has everything else on top of that.
