The Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) driving to an isolated hotel called 'Overlook' located high in the mountains of Colorado for an interview with his manager Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) about becoming Winter's caretaker. Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the basic maintenance of the hotel, but that he will be almost totally cut off from the rest of the world for six months when the harsh winter begins. Together with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and his young son Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack moves to the hotel and at first everything seems fine, it is a beautiful hotel, absolutely huge and everything they need is at their disposal. However, the Overlook hotel has a murky past with a previous caretaker who murdered his entire family before committing suicide and Danny has the ability to "shine", which means he has psychic powers that allow him to see and hear things that people "Normal" can not. As the days, weeks and months begin to pass, Jack becomes more and more insane, Danny continues to "see" things and people, while Wendy becomes frantic as she has no idea what she wants. is happening to his family, while a heavy snow storm leaves them trapped Jack finally loses it ... <br /> <br /> This production in English was co-written, co-produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick and is a good horror movie It seems that The Shining is another film that exists in two different versions and the one I will comment on is the shortest European cut that lasts less than 2 hours. The script by Kubrick & Diane Johnson, is based on Stephen King's novel, which I have not read, so I can not compare them, points to psychological horror instead of a single murder throughout the film. There are very few characters in The Shining with Jack, Wendy and Danny, the only ones that really matter, since the film focuses on them almost exclusively when you take care of them, you get involved with them and what they go through. The pace is somewhat slow, but this is a movie that did not feel that long and keeps you interested in everything. On the downside, I do not think the reasoning behind Jack going crazy and wanting to kill his family was strong enough to convince me, the fact that Jack runs out of the freezer without any explanation bothers me and I do not know if I I lost something, but that ending did not make any sense to me at all, I'm still trying to figure out what that image is about! There's very little in the way of violence or blood, a couple of rotten zombie ghosts and someone dies with an ax, but The Shining is a horror movie that does not need to rely on blood and special effects, since it has a exciting story. . With a budget of around $ 19,000,000, The Shining is technically impeccable as you would expect from an obsessive filmmaker like Kubrick, the cinematography is brilliant with fantastic steadicam shots flowing and fluid as the camera effortlessly follows the character around the maze of runners, the sets seem absolutely real and, instead of cliché, themes of haunted houses like dark corners, cellars and cobwebs Kubrick updates things with illuminated corridors, large open and spacious spaces and modern decor (well modern of the 80's, check that red toilet outside!). The acting is good of all the involved ones, although as it is habitual in the films of terror, the small boy is very annoying and Nicholson seems to be crazy from the beginning. The Shining is an absorbing movie that I enjoyed watching, although I'm not sure I'll see it again soon. For those looking for explosions and special fantasy effects, they will be disappointed, for those looking for a good kind of horror house with a strong history, I definitely think The Shining is for you, it's worth seeing in my humble opinion.
