A series of seemingly insignificant random robberies in the sister's boardinghouse has Miss Lemon quite agitated. A ring, light bulbs, a backpack, a cigarette lighter, a stethoscope, a shoe? It seems that there is no rhyme or reason for any of that. Miss Lemon asks her employer, the great Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, to investigate the matter. But what Poirot sees is something much more sinister than Miss Lemon could have imagined. And Poirot's fears are confirmed when one of the students who lives in the pension if he is found murdered. It is up to Poirot to bring a murderer to justice. <br /> <br /> Hickory Dickory Dock is a solid entry, but not spectacular, in the long series of Poirot. I appreciate how faithful is the script to the original story of Agatha Christie. I realize that certain freedoms should be taken, but I still appreciate the effort. Are the main points of the mystery there? the small robberies, the boarding school, the students, the ripped backpack and, of course, Poirot's ability to see that something sinister is happening before it actually happens. With some exceptions, the cast of students is almost as I imagined it. Damian Lewis and Jessica Lloyd stand out among the group. As much as I always enjoy the Poirot by David Suchet, I love the episodes with Inspector Japp by Phillip Jackson and Miss Lemon by Pauline Moran. This episode is a real pleasure since Miss Lemon has more screen time than usual. Finally, I enjoyed the use of the mouse always present as an observer of the activities in the shelter. It's a fun little play about the title of Hickory Dickory Dock. <br /> <br /> I realized as I re-watched Hickory Dickory Dock the enormous influence that Agatha Christie's work was on the stylized Italian mystery films, or Gialli, of the 60s and 70s. Let's take for example the murder of Mrs. Nicoletis. If you were to increase the graphic nature of the scene, you would have something out of a Giallo from the early 70s. In fact, the entire plot of Hickory Dickory Dock could have been used in a Giallo. It's so complicated and interesting to have worked.
