Sometimes it takes a master of making movies like Kubrick to bring that extra small, that unique, hard-to-track and elusive ingredient that transforms a great movie or a great script into a masterpiece, one for the ages. <br /> <br /> It's not just that Stephen King's story has enough meat and potatoes, which makes it difficult for even the most skilled managers to get lost. Fuck, even the king himself was not so bad. It's how Kubrick perceives King's universe, how he transforms the page into screen time, which makes THE SHINING as much a visual feast as a compact master class when directing. <br /> <br /> Kubrick's miss-on-scene is, as usual, great. The film advances with a fast, sharp and animated rhythm, although it is neither fast nor highly edited, and moves at least 160 minutes. The camera travels the luxurious corridors of the Overlook Hotel, since it is a kind of mystical labyrinth that abounds in exploration, linear tracking shots that expose the interiors of impeccable decoration in all its grandeur. There is a symmetry and a geometric approach to how Kubrick perceives the space that reminds me a lot of how Japanese directors worked in the sixties. As if what is shown does not matter in the way that all the elements are balanced within the framework. <br /> <br /> Certain images definitely stand out. The first shot of Jack's typewriter, accompanied off the screen by the blows of a ball, like drums of doom coming from some other floor or produced by the typewriter itself as if it were an instrument of fatality. yes alone, later proved to be nothing. less than that. A red river flowing through the elevators of the hotel in slow motion. Jack hit the door with the ax, the camera moved along with him, tracking the action as it happens instead of remaining static, as if the camera were piercing the door and not the ax. The ultra-fast zoom in the child's face got us inside his head before we saw the two girls dead from his point of view. And, of course, the bathroom scene. <br /> <br /> Much has been said about the obvious excessive performance of Jack Nicholson. His anger is not entirely successful because, well, he is Jack Nicholson. The boy seems half crazy anyway. Playing crazy makes it an exaggerated caricature of himself. Shelley Duvall, on the other hand, is one of the most inspired casting options Kubrick has ever had. Coming from a streak of fantastic performances for Robert Altman in the seventies (3 WOMEN, LIKE US, NASHVILLE), brings to your character the right amounts of fragility and emotional anguish. A great actress and very underestimated.
