The Shining, do you know how weird about this movie? This is the movie that everyone, for people who say they do not like horror movies, will always say that The Shining is a fantastic movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic view of Stephen King's horrifying account of madness and blood. This is just an amazing movie and, regardless of whether you've seen it or not, you've heard of it, knows some lines of it and knows some of the classic images. Who could forget the "Here's Johnny!" From Jack? Who could forget "All Work and No Play Make Jack to Dull Boy"? Who could forget that chilling finale? This is the movie that is unforgettable and honestly, in my opinion, is Kubrick's best work. I know there's a lot of discussion in that department, a lot of people say it's 2001: a Space Odyssey or Mechanical Orange or even Dr. Strangelove, but if that movie was a pioneer in making films, The Shining perfected it. This is the story of isolation, madness, terrifying images and the latest ghost story that will crawl under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, Jack's son, Danny, and Jack's wife, Wendy arrive at the Overlook hotel on closing day. The elderly African-American chef, Dick Hallorann, surprises Danny talking to him telepathically and offering him some ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; They called the communication "brilliant". Danny asks if there is anything to fear in the hotel, particularly in room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has some "brightness" and many memories, not all good, and advises him to stay out of the room. 237 in any circumstance. Danny's curiosity about room 237 finally surpasses him when he sees that the room has been opened. Danny appears injured and visibly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy believes that Jack has been abusing Danny. Jack enters the hotel's golden room, where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny begins to frantically shout the word "redrum", and writes it on the walls. He goes into a trance and retires; Now he says that he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend". Jack sabotages the hotel radio, cutting off communication with the outside world, but Hallorann has received Danny's telepathic cry for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack has been writing endless pages of manuscripts that repeat "All the work and no game makes Jack a boring kid" formatted in various ways. Horrified, Jack threatens her and she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat, locking him in a storage closet in the kitchen. Jack talks to Grady through the door of the locker, which then unlocks it. Danny has written "REDRUM" in lipstick on the door of Wendy's room. When you look in the mirror, you see that it is "Murder" written in reverse. Jack takes an ax and begins to cut the door that leads to his family's home. "Here's Johnny!", And Jack's legendary image is born. <br /> <br /> The Shining is one of those movies that you really have to do to watch, this is an amazing movie and it still gives me nightmares. The performance of Jack Nicholson is timeless and unforgettable. But one that I also feel is extremely overlooked is Shelley Duvall, his scene of finding Jack All Work's rant? It's amazing, it's a look of horror and you can see the fear on her face after realizing that her husband is crazy. Also another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub, honestly it is one of the most terrifying scenes in horror movies. The reason why this film is so well known is because it is a film of perfection, it has been in The Simpsons, it has been seen in other movies and it is a movie that will always stay with you when you see it, trust me. <br /> <br /> 10/10
