It's okay, it's okay, maybe it's not the best. I mean, the exorcist and the psycho and some others are hard to miss, but The Shining is very high. It is, however, the best story of Stephen King that has become a movie. It's better than The Stand, better than Pet Sematary (if it's not so scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better than Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (only barely), and yes, it's better than The Shawshank Redemption (shut up, it's better), I do not care what the Top 250 of IMDb says. <br /> <br /> I read that, a couple of decades ago, Stanley Kubrick was reviewing novels in his house trying to find one that could be a good movie, and from the other room, his wife would hear a loud bang every time half an hour or so as he threw books against the wall in frustration. Finally, she did not hear any noise for almost two hours, and when she went to check and see if she had died in her chair or something (I say this with all due respect, of course), she found him concentrating on a Book she had in her hand, and the book was The Shining. And thank God, too, because he turned that book into one of the best horror films in history. <br /> <br /> Stephen King may be grateful for the complexity of the story, about a man who takes his wife and child to a remote hotel to supervise him during the extremely isolated winter while working on his writing. You can thank Jack Nicholson for his performance as Jack Torrance (how many movies has Jack been where he plays a character named Jack?), As well as for his impeccable delivery of several now famous lines ("Johnny of Heeeeeere"). '). Shelley Duvall may be thanked for providing a performance that allows the audience to relate to Jack's wishes to kill her. You can thank Stanley Kubrick for giving this excellent story his very recognizable touch, and whoever the casting director can be thanked for raising the creepiest twins on the planet to play the role of the murdered girls. <br /> <br /> One of the most significant aspects of this film, necessary for history as a whole to have its most significant effect, is isolation, and it is presented perfectly. The film begins with a long scene that follows Jack as he drives to the old hotel for his interview for the caretaker's work during the winter. This is soon followed by the same thing that follows Jack and his family as they drive down the windy mountain road to the hotel. This time, the scene is interspersed with shots of Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in the car, in which Kubrick managed to sneak a quick suggestion about the evils of television, while Wendy expresses concern about talking about cannibalism in front of Danny. who says it's okay because he's already seen it on TV (`You see, it's okay, he saw it on TV '). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect setting for a story like this to occur, and its bloody past is made all the more terrifying by the huge, echoing rooms and long corridors. These rooms with their echoes constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but it is the corridors that really created most of the tremor of this film, and the traditional Kubrick tracking shots give the hallways a creepy three-dimensional feel. At the beginning of the film, there is a famous follow-up shot that follows Danny in a great circle as he walks the corridors of his Big Wheel (is that what they are called?), And his relative speed (as well as the noise produced by the wheels at as it moves forward and backward from the wooden floors to the throw rugs) it gives the feeling of not knowing what is around the corner. And being a Stephen King story, you WAIT for something to leap towards you. I think the best scene in the hallways (as well as one of the most terrifying of the movie) is when Danny is playing on the floor, and a ball rolls slowly towards him. Look up and see the long, empty corridor, and since the ball is a kind of child's toy, you hope it was those horrifyingly horrifying twins that rolled it. Anyway, you get the idea. The Shining is a damn scary movie. <br /> <br /> Besides having the rare quality of being a horror movie that does not stink, The Shining has a very deep story that really keeps you guessing and leaves you with a feeling that there was something you missed. Did he HAVE always been there, as Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Was he really at that dance in 1921, or is it just someone who looks exactly like him? If he's always been the caretaker, as Mr. Grady also said, does that mean it was HE that drove his wife and twin daughters crazy and killed, and not Mr. Grady, after all? It's one thing for a movie to leave loose ends that should have been tied, that's just a mediocre movie. For example, The Amityville Horror, which obviously copied much of The Shining on its subject, did this. But it's completely different when a movie is presented in a way that really makes you think (as in most of Kubrick's films). One more thing we can all thank Stanley Kubrick for, and we SHOULD thank him for, is not to throw this book against the wall. That single release would have been a cinematic tragedy.
