This film, chilling and majestic cinematic horror, combines all the great elements of an intellectual thriller, with the great vision of a director who has the instinctive ability to accompany a moody film of horror within the realm of his cinematographic genius that includes a eye for The original shot, an icy soundtrack and a general sense of dehumanization. This film traverses all the typical horror films like a red poker through a human eye, since it allows the spectator not only to feel the violence and the psychosis of its protagonist, but also to appreciate the seed from which the disorder is derived. One of the most terrifying things for people is the unknown and this film presents its plot with just that thought in mind. The environment is perfect, in a desert of desolate winter. The tranquility of the moment is a character in itself, as the aggressor in fermentation in the mind of Jack Torrance wallows in this time of inactivity and engenders the new playground of the devil. I always felt that the presence of evil was latent in all our minds, with only the circumstances of the moment, and the reasons given there, necessary to awaken his violent ass and pounce on his unsuspecting victims. This movie is a perfect example of this thought. <br /> <br /> And it is within the subtle touches of the fabric of this film, the details of the great wheel of the child that runs through the empty corridors of the hotel. the labyrinthine garden that represents the thin line of the mind between healthy and foolish, the inconsistencies of editing, the errors of continuity and the ill-defined arrangements of Kubrick, intentionally paralyzed, that we discover a world guided by the just and tangible, but persuaded by the powerful and unknown. I have never read the book on which the film is based, but without that as a point of comparison, I am proud to say that this is one of the most terrifying films I have ever seen. I thought that the length of the movie could have been reduced a bit, but, again, I'm not one of the most acclaimed directors in the history of the movie, so maybe I should keep my criticisms of two cents above an excellent movie, for me. All in all, this film captures your attention with its great form and vision, it chains you with some eccentric terror and direction, and it ties you and stabs you in the heart with its cold vision of the mad, creepy man's mind. The atmosphere and the loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
