Anthony McGarten has adapted his work, Via Satellite, and has directed the best comic film that left New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is a school dropout. She has not accomplished much in her last years and has become resentful of her family since the confession of her father's deathbed. Her twin sister, Carol (also played by Danielle Cormack) is enjoying media attention as she represents New Zealand in swimming at the Olympics. A desperate and desperate middle-aged director (Brian Sergent) and his good cameraman, which is also Chrissy's night of the night before, Paul (Karl Urban) films the most proud moment of the Dunn family; watching Carol swim to victory This would not be so bad, but Chrissy's family is the epitome of shame. First, there is the marriage of the inhabitants of Wellington, Joyce (Donna Akerston). He makes fairy cakes and cocktail sausages for the filmmaking team of utmost importance and refuses to change his way of being. Her oldest daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata) is desperate to be more than common. She has a nice house (with the walls of the rooms painted with "blackberry sorbet"), expensive flavors and an unpleasant parasitic attitude. She is also close to 40 and desperate for a child. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme) is an electrician and is forced to do work that they do not need to do ... as well as to do work that must be done, that is, to Jen. The middle daughter, Lyn (Jodie Dorday, who won the Best Supporting Actress at the New Zealand Film Awards for this portrait) is a "wrinkled" cake that has a dubious history with Ken. The two older sisters collide, the mother is in a state, Ken is as bad as Tim Tim Taylor, Carol is feeding his Olympic wish and Chrissy is aware that all this must appear on national television. Why should not you be ashamed? It's great to see some famous faces from New Zealand perform in the suburban comedy that has clever lines to spare. I loved the fight between Jen and Lyn. One is like an adult, Mona-mi-biological clock-is ticking, the other is a narcotic drifter who has what his sister wants: a bun in the oven. The climax of the film is quite sentimental and it is very well done. The performances are a delight and the movie works perfectly. An excellent way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
