Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performance artist for wealthy intellectuals at a local club. He falls prey to his fantasies when the promise of romantic interludes turns into murder when he kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that, through a form of hypnotic suggestion, someone (.. a possible taskmaster pulling his strings like a puppet) is guiding Lorna to kill the people she meets in isolated places , just when it seems that love is about to do it. start. After the murders are committed within her fantasies, Lorna wakes up bewildered, often without having any idea if what she had uncovered inside her dreams once took place in reality. <br /> <br /> If someone asks me how to describe this particular work From Franco, I would say it is elegant and difficult. At this point, you probably read the comments of other users confused by the theme of this film, since a large part of it takes place within the surreal atmosphere of a dream. Franco mentioned in an interview that he was very influenced by Godard at the beginning of his career, in regard to the cinematographic style, so he decided to abandon a clear narrative structure to try to create a completely different type of visual experience. And, as you read the reaction of the user comments here ... something like this decision, others find the style laborious, boring and disconcerting. I will be the first to admit that the film is on my head, but even Franco himself, when questioned by critics who saw "Succubus", admitted that he did not even understand the film, and directed it! Some might say that "Succubus" was simply a precursor of his most admired work, "Venus in Furs", considered his masterpiece by the faithful of Franco, because he also adopts the surrealist and dreamlike structure where the protagonist does not really know if / She is experiencing something real or imagined. In a certain sense, like the protagonist, we are experiencing the same kind of confusion ... certainly, "Succubus" is an unconventional film creation where we are not given the keys of exactly what is happening. And, much of the elusive dialogue does not help matters. "Succubus" is also populated by Beatnik types and "poet-spoken", Corman's movie, "A Bucket of Blood" scoffed. My personal favorite scene mocks a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and a woman he meets at an elegant party ... quite a strange fantasy sequence in which the mannequins are used quite unusual. Great locations and jazz music. I liked this movie, although I can understand why it receives a negative reaction. I loved that scene in the elegant party with Lorna, a little drunk, writhing on the floor in a beautiful evening dress while other people attending the party (equally wasted) rushed her in a hug of kisses.
