I have not seen all the Jess Franco movies, I've seen 5, I think, and there are more than 180 of them. Maybe it's a bit early to say, but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (better known as "Succubus", but that's the cut version) agrees with me, if it's not the best, certainly one of Franco's best. Franco is best known (although 'known' might be a bit exaggerated) by "Vampiros Lesbos", a strange cult movie that was most acclaimed in the mid-90s when people discovered that Jess Franco was also an interesting composer. Through the soundtrack, a few happy people discovered the man and discovered what was expected after seeing the video clip of 'The lion and the cucumber' ('Vampyros Lesbos OST'): Jess Franco is an overwhelming director. When the phone rang during 'Vampires', I let it ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. From that moment, Franco could never hold on to me so much. But then I came across this movie. It's even better than "Vampires Lesbos", I think. Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a camera. We discovered that he can do a lot. I certainly did not expect to find such a great "Necronomicon": its beginning did not impress me at all. Remember, I had seen "Vampires Lesbos" before (although chronologically that happened three years later) and both movies started the same way. But then the story continued, disconcerting and exciting, the beautiful work of the camera and the things that Godard would like to see if he was not so busy spreading his political messages. Later in the film I heard a dialogue about what art was or was not old-fashioned. The man says that all movies must be out of fashion because weeks pass before the audience sees what was filmed. But the girl replies that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard yesterday made films for tomorrow". Janine Reynaud is an interesting leading actress and, of course, Howard Vernon, a regular of Franco, is also there. Fortunately, the acting is good (something that can ruin many Franco films for you, but it is not). But certainly be careful with the fictional scene. The erotic tension, the wild direction and the fact that it is a film from yesterday to tomorrow make it a film that many people should see. The fact that it is a little more accessible than "Vampires Lesbos" certainly helps.
