Police, investigations, murders, suspicions: we are all so familiar with them in movies in abundance. Most of today's movies are about crime, which is believed to involve viewers, to provide an exciting environment. However, most lovers of emotion prefer to concentrate on the latest movies of that type, forgetting the oldest. However, it happens that these people can easily be deceived. A film based entirely on suspicion can be very interesting now, despite having more than 20 years ... is GARDE A VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Is there much action? Not really, since the events presented in the film take place in a considerably short time. But the way they run is the big advantage of the movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is being investigated by Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It's New Year's Eve, a rainy night and not very precise for a meeting of this kind. However, after the rape and murder of two children, at the beginning of the old year, the door of suspicion must be open at last. In other words, (more quoted from the movie), you must reveal who is really an evil wolf. To achieve this, one needs a lot of effort and also many emotions from both parties ... <br /> <br /> Some people criticize the script for being too verbose. However, I would ask you: how should an investigation be if not many questions and, practically, a lot of talking? This verbiage touches the very roots of the genre. By no means is this boring, but throughout the entire film, it makes you, as a spectator, as an observer, involved. In addition, the film contains well-made flashbacks as the stories are told. Not too much or too little of them, just enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. The most memorable flashbacks, for me, are when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, talks about a beautiful Christmas ... But these flashbacks also contain the views of places, including the famous beach. Everything marvelously helped me keep the pace right. And since I saw GARDE A VUE, I always mention this film as one of the "defenders" of French cinema against the accusations of disorder and chaos. <br /> <br /> But the aspects already mentioned do not necessarily attract many viewers, since they may not like those films and still do not find the content and its execution satisfactory. However, it is worth watching GARDE A VUE also for these people. Why? For the sake of the performances. But here do not expect me to praise Romy Schneider. GARDE A VUE is not a Romy Schneider vehicle. She does an excellent job as a mother who is deeply desperate for a lost son. She portrays in a credible way a person who is calm, concrete, who does not reject a cup of tea offered but who does not want to play with words. His part, which includes a profound conversation about life and duty, is brilliant, more credible than the overly melancholy role of Elsa in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. Still act. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on screen. Practically, she appears for the first time after 45 minutes of credits; She, as a wife and a different point of view, comes symbolically with the New Year, at midnight. Your role is purely supportive. Who really rocks is Lino Ventura. He is the inspector of middle age Antoine Gallien who wants to discover the truth, who is aware that his questions are "missiles" towards the other interlocutor, but he does not doubt. He is an inspector who, having married three times, is perfectly recognized by the woman's psyche. He is the one who does not consider his work as a game to play, but as a true service. Finally, it is a person who does not find abnormal sitting there on New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a good job expressing fear, particularly in the final scenes of the film. But applause for Mr. Ventura. Sparkly! <br /> <br /> When it comes to memorable moments, this is not the kind of movie in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The whole film is memorable, it should be seen more than once and it should be felt with its atmosphere and, as I have not mentioned before, beautiful music. For me, the talk of Chantal and Inspector Gallien is the brightest perfect moment. You are there with the two characters, experience their moods if you delve into what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE A VUE is a very interesting film, a must for lovers of emotion and connoisseurs of the artistic culture. performances The new year has changed and ... is it easier to open the door now? You will discover it when you decide to watch the memorable film directed by Claude Miller. 8/10
