Ed Wood fans tend to be an obsessive group in the first place, but this particular movie has taken me to a fan level that I had never approached before. One of the most intense emotions of unconventional film adulation, at least as far as I am concerned, is the pleasure of discovering the dark. I remember how, as a teenager, I longed to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (a.Ka. "The Night of the Ghouls"), which at that time had been domed for a couple of decades. Similarly, arcane masterpieces of low-budget cinema such as Doris Wishman's "Una noche para dismembrar" or half of Jesús Franco's works. However, in recent years there have been videos and DVDs that make these treasures, which were once impossible to melt, become ALSO accessible, even for those of us on the "wrong" (!) Side of the Atlantic. . <br /> <br /> And then, behold, there was "I woke up early the day I passed away", a movie that SHOULD have been so "big", but that it disappeared into the ether even before Fangoria published the The first extensive article about him that first whetted my appetite. The 1990s NEEDED a hard-to-find movie, but it would REALLY be worth looking for: and this, no doubt, is ... I do not especially want to add too much comment on all those wonderful aspects of The Movie - its classy yet kitsch cast , his disturbing but often hallucinogenic images, his marvelous moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of the French filmmakers of the 1920s) and surrealism, or even his memorable soundtrack, since this has all been described more eloquently by other users here. <br /> <br /> What I DO mention, briefly, is the pleasure I have also received from the search for certain dark artifacts related to this almost lost for us - but-fortunately -not at all film! I think the German video, which I picked up while in Cologne on a cold, cool winter day, is fairly well known to Ed Wood's followers. It is also common knowledge that a promotional poster for the film was released. However, fortunately there is more to find! First of all, there are a number of reviews available of the movie's THEATRICAL German release. I have used several of them in my translation classes in an attempt to "Woodify" my students ... some of these criticisms are positive compliments of the film. The value of art and entertainment, and most interesting of all, is that most critics placed it squarely in the American trash and in the European traditions of artillerymen. Secondly, there is Larry Groupe's score, which can be acquired from the man himself: many of the clues exert a real emotional thrust for the listener, especially if he is contemplating the "vaulted" state of the film and is growing a little melancholy . at the same time. Finally, for now, I would like to mention the BANDA SONORA promo that Cinequanon launched in extremely limited numbers. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do what is necessary if you have the opportunity to acquire one of these !!! It features 14 themes from the film, including the ballad of Eartha Kitt, the late "Jesus I Was Evil" by Darcy Clay (two versions of which are also available on a New Zealand CD, although that's another story again!) , The great radio music to which Christina Ricci dances, and also those incredible techno from Minty and ZHV (the latter is Billy Z's own techno band) ..... <br /> <br /> It obsess, let Ed Wood rule his life.
