['This 1998 film was based on a script by the late Edward D. Wood, a script that did NOT present a dialogue in the tradition of films like THE THIEF. While much of Wood&#39;s work consisted of extravagant, low-budget entries in several genre film traditions, his first feature film GLEN O GLENDA was a truly visionary attempt to express the inexpressible through primitive avant-garde techniques. I woke up early the day I died represents that side of Ed Wood, the experimenter, although this movie is a comedy (a nightmare comedy, though!), While GLEN&#39;S GLENDA transvestism theme was taken so Seriously because of Wood there was no room for comedy there. From the first seconds of this movie I knew that they were taking me to a new cinematic world, and I really can not compare that world with anything else. The technical part of the film (production design, sound design, music, photography, etc.) is innovative at any level. In particular, although the film does not have &quot;dialogue&quot;, there are sounds of all kinds and also &quot;language&quot;, but you will have to see how it is done, since the intelligence and surprise of the methods provide a level of emotion at all times. The Glen or Glenda-esque technique of juxtaposing footage for surreal effects works well in the film and is kept to a minimum. The entire film is presented in a hysterical attack of fever, and Billy Zane provides an incredible force tour performance that shows how brilliant a physical comedian and actor is. In a fair world, he would have been awarded some prize for this performance. It even LOOKS like Ed Wood, and as Zane plays it, this character is at times funny, sordid, tragic, friendly and anonymous (sometimes simultaneously!). What a pity that this film has been involved in legal problems and has never received a premiere in video or theater in North America, only playing in some festivals. At this time, it is only available on video in Germany (in fact, my copy is from a German source, extracts from Wood&#39;s script that are shown on the screen from time to time are translated into German, although the headlines of the newspapers The low-budget technique of giving elements of the plot, especially those that would be too expensive to film, through newspaper headlines is used here in Wood&#39;s tradition (which Zane sees in English). Having had a word-of-mouth follow-up if it had been reproduced at midnight in some big cities with careful promotion, and if you played city by city, slowing down at the film and art circuit, you could have done it well. if the legal problems can be solved, I would like to suggest that the film A STILL should receive a theatrical release, especially a &quot;cult&quot; release by MIDNIGHT. waiting to be discovered. <br /><br /> &quot;I understood&quot; each scene? No, but I &quot;felt&quot; each scene emotionally. Everything &quot;worked&quot; in the movie? Maybe not. I&#39;ve only seen him twice, and the first time I saw him I was interrupted several times. However, with all the scrap of the assembly line reproducing the multiplexed and with so much &quot;alternative&quot; film being fetishist or pretentious rejections of the video film school, we need a real experimentation made by Hollywood like this one. Bob Dylan&#39;s recent film &quot;Masked and anonymous&quot; ran similar risks, as did something like Steven Soderbergh&#39;s FULL FRONTAL. This movie could find a much larger audience than either. If you are reading this review in a few years and the idea of this movie seems intriguing, see if it was ever published on video. You will not get bored. Invite some friends to ... have a party. Play the incredible soundtrack out loud. I have the feeling that, wherever I am in the afterlife, Ed Wood is happy with this film and feels that his unique vision has been justified and validated to a certain extent by the making of this film. It is likely that Wood is also laughing that, as he always seemed to have bad breaks in life, the film made in homage to him after his death comes in trials and is not published in the country where it was made.']
