Well, then I know this movie because a friend of mine is in it and actually visited the set when they were filming, so from a personal point of view, I was intrigued to finally see this little dark gem. If you are looking for information about this film, you will discover that it is full of legal problems (even more than 7 years after it was filmed), so if you are like me, then you will do everything possible to obtain it. a copy. My Ebay source was around $ 15, but I felt torn because when I received it today by mail, it was a very rough and grainy copy of a "PROJECT ONLY" release, complete with an annoying mini-time code but, unfortunately, I could still Enjoy it but not as much as if you had an adequate copy, something I suggest you get if you want the full impact that this movie may or may not have on you. From what I have collected, it has been released on DVD in Germany and now in Spain. With that, good luck and happy search / offer ...;). The score / sndtrk is worth it alone. Very eclectic and varied (something rare these days, IMHO in the movie): I think it will be my next trap / score to locate, but I'm rambling ... <br /> <br /> Now, in the review. The movie begins when the character of Billy Zane is injecting a nurse in the mental ward in which he is apparently locked. He steals clothes (including shoes) and moves quickly to a series of loan / bank stores, but after escaping with the loot. Well, I guess this is where the "plot" begins: he inadvertently loses it. After committing several camps over the main crimes and celebrations to several celebrities from A to C to locate the money, is somehow in a cemetery where there is a funeral: I think for the dead guy who shoots in the Loan office / Bank, and even with the police and police cars of the 1950s that were constantly looking for him, they never see him or catch him. (He sees the newspapers reporting his "crimes") This I liked, because it gave an extension to the thin plot. After all, it is a MOVIE (see: fiction) and the director Iris Iliopulos does what I think is everything possible to 1) Carry out Wood's vision and 2) Give her an updated feel, but have images of cars authentic police of the 50 intertwined with, ahh, local stores LA.99 $ - very good hence my rating of 9. If the period and the accessories were authentic, I would have given a 10. Now it is wrapped a little strange and I will not spoil it for anyone, but let's say the ending is a bit disappointing for me. I had a promise, action and comedy, all the way to the end, so ... with EVERYTHING said, locate a copy at your own discretion. <br /> <br /> Just keep in mind that, as there is no dialouge (except for some narrations and songs) this may be important, maybe not, but I definitely think it's worth seeing. All the actors do good performances and it is only the incoherence in the pieces of the right time that really made me want only that correction. So, I would say, by all means, take a look at this movie, since it does not look like anything that these studios published these days (or It will be in the future, too) I'm sure.
