To finally see what many consider to be the best film of women in prison of all time, I felt that I had achieved something as ridiculous as it seems. Boy, surely it contained the elements he expected, and delivered much more. A constant that I am discovering in these films is the hardness and guts of the actresses in the role of the prisoners who are preparing to escape while their threshold, tolerance and resolution (not to mention sanity) are being tested by their superiors. While most of them were hired because of the way they look naked, because the nature of the genre demands such free elements, something else arises, other attributes, such as attitude and guts, to which I finally respond. <br /> <br /> This, as you know very well, was Demme's debut for his mentor Roger Corman, and it gives the target audience exactly what they want by putting their own stamp on the process. For example, there are certain strange dreams that certain characters have that define their current psychological states (... there is a particular issue with the director Barbara Steele where she reminded me of Alex de Large from La naranja mecánica). <br /> <br /> The movie features prisoners who plan a daring escape, tired of their chairman's wheelchair craziness and his prison documentary, Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, the tough, shameless sister who is fed up with the environment and will do whatever it takes to get out. She is the one that all girls fear to cross. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the newest prisoner who was arrested by the police and sentenced for the murder of a policeman, who is not willing to give the names of those with whom she was involved. Roberta Collins is Belle, a serial kleptomaniac, best friends with Pandora (Ella Reid). Belle becomes the obsession of Randolph, who promises to Superintendent McQueen (Steele) that through a surgical procedure can eliminate their violent tendencies. When drugged, Randolph takes nude photos and sodomizes her, moaning like a child because of her own mental deficiencies while she hugs her naked body in her arms. Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith is Lavelle, imprisoned for life for murdering a member of the family whose relative was a senator. Lavelle receives work in Randolph's office and is responsible for relating her mischief with Pandora. Demme effectively builds the film to the expected end as a planned outbreak, using those behind the various traumas inflicted on the prisoners as hostages, with the shots erupting. <br /> <br /> I was very impressed by the photographic work of Demme's collaborator for a long time, the director of photography Tak Fujimoto, since he is able to establish some visually surprising moments within the confined confines of the prison, the cells and the rooms, which is not an easy task. The prison is appropriately malicious and the girls, despite being quite attractive, seem to be part of the desperate inmates who yearn from the depths of their souls, to escape this horrible entrapment. Steele is excellent as the director, understanding how to take the role near the limit without going too far, with frankness able to express the madness of her repressed character within a restriction ... note how she puts on her glasses and accommodates herself Without going crazy especially when certain behaviors that she has despised by pushing her wobbles to the edge. Cale's blues score is incredibly depressing, as he winks at the audience that the movie is still fun and games. I think Cale's score reflects the handling of the material by Demme. The association of Cale and Demme is an amazing alliance that presents the setting as a sad, isolated and oppressive place, while, almost simultaneously, it shows a humorous tone that permeates the colorful characters, in part thanks to the personalities of the cast. My favorite scene happens outside the prison, since two of our girls (joining forces with a third) interrupt a robbery to a bank that is already in progress ... the important thing is that it was a bank they planned to steal! As expected, naked women bathe, remain in solitary confinement, cat fights, shootings, escape attempts that go badly, and other elements of exploitation (such as a horrible shock therapy session, so as not to exclude the shocking sequence mentioned above, where the doctor takes advantage of Belle). Quite interesting, Demme relates the film to the audience without a hint of pretension, understanding exactly what kind of film he was making.
