When I think of 'Women in Prison', my mind often turns to Italian / Spanish productions of directors like Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei; And although these films are often very sordid, they are also very similar and once you've seen them; You could have seen them all. I must admit that these types of movies are not usually my favorites; but, in fact, the idea of ​​women behind bars has been done very well on several occasions outside of Italy and Spain; and Roger Corman's New World Pictures is responsible for some of the best. Caged Heat is the directorial debut of Oscar-winning director Jonathan Demme, and it's a well-made little movie with a lot of entertainment value! Naturally, the film focuses on the story of a girl who is caught committing a crime and sent to a women's prison where she is presented to a large number of violent inmates. This prison is governed by Superintendent McQueen, in a wheelchair; and she is offended by a play by the girls; guiding them to plan an escape. <br /> <br /> This movie is much lighter in the sordid than I'm used to in a women's prison film; But this is more than compensated by some action scenes and excellent dialogues, and that's what guarantees that Caged Heat entertains at all times. It must be said that the plot is not particularly original or ambitious and basically follows a structure similar to many other women in the prison films that preceded it; But that's not a big problem. The movie never gets boring and is dotted with highlights; including an escape attempt while working in a field and a bank robbery. The film features a sure address from the man who will direct the masterpiece The Silence of the Lambs and a great cast with a lot of highlights; including the best of all, the legendary Barbara Steele in the role of prison director. In general, Caged Heat can not leave the viewer much to think about at the end; but it's a bright and entertaining little movie and anyone who enjoys this kind of movie will surely want to find it.
