Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for Roger Corman's legendary exploiting team, New World Pictures, is highly rated as one of grindhouse's best classics for the grace of celluloid. The beautiful star of Russ Meyer Eric ("Vixen", "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls") Gavin offers a robust and winning performance as a new fish, strong and resistant, which does everything possible to persevere in an infernal penitentiary and horrible. The always fabulous Barbara Steele offers a deliciously evil portrait as the average director, crippled and sexually frustrated (her erotic dream of doing a slow and steamy striptease in front of the inmates is a real fool). Actress Roberta ("The Arousers", "Unholy Rollers") favorite of the 70's B offers a hilariously crunchy and endearing twist as a gleefully anticipated and moody kleptomaniac who tells a dirty joke about Pinnochio. Lynda Gold (a.k.a. Crystin Sinclaire of "Eaten Alive" by Tobe Hooper and "Ruby" by Curtis Harrington) makes her film debut as the unleashed Crazy Alice inhibitor. And the always cuddly Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith makes a charming and touching repetition of her fragile and frightened role of "Lemora: The Tale of a Child of the Supernatural". <br /> <br /> Although this image offers the expected large amount of coarse language, nudity, rape and violence, it is still by no means a typically malicious and sexist piece of meaningless and meaningless garbage; the film explores in a very effective way the many ways in which men cruelly exploit women and firmly affirms the pro-feminist notion that women can overcome any obstacle if they unite in a group in order to bravely face their misogynist oppressors as a powerful fighting force. Demme's sanity, the confident direction, manifests itself with a glorious abundance of incidentally observed details and clever moments of engagingly peculiar human behavior. In addition, both Tak Fujimoto's vibrant cinematography and John Cale's wonderfully painful blues blues score are 100% excellent. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in the howling and terrible creature of rubber monster suit with the howler "Track of the Moonbeast") has a part of courtesy like a spastic policeman whose car is stolen by a trio of prison fugitives when he stops at a gas station to use the bathroom. Encouraged, stimulating and immensely pleasing, "Caged Heat" qualifies as an absolutely essential visualization for fans of the films of the 70s.
