The premise of this film was the one that focused on the polarization of ideologies in the United States. This was a highly combustible scenario in the United States, where two completely different cultures collided. In any case, what justified such depraved actions? .. When this movie presents the scene, (while Hickock and Smith drank) these two men were not intoxicated, nor were they under any kind of drug influence! It was a clear case of cold and calculated deliberations. Basically, these violent acts were the end result of emotional and social neglect ... At any time after 1975, we as a nation have nurtured empathy for the deviant who have been victimized by their environment ... However, this incident takes place in 1959 !! This dreadful revelation surprised us, and left the nation mired in a fall of conflicting ethics! With the recent release of the movie "Capote" based on Truman Capote, who was the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood", the American people have cultivated a new fascination found with this film. Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this movie ... This seems appropriate given the notoriety with which he has been involved in relation to his personal life! "In cold blood" focuses on the element of the inexplicable ... There was no revenge involved, there was no material gain to acquire, there was no potential for social progress here, this is simply an instance of a latent and insidious state. The belligerent anger that ends certainly did not justify the means! The situational diatribes that Hickock and Smith lamented were always ambiguous! Under these circumstances, why should they eliminate their frustrations in an innocent and innocent Kansas family? Will Geer (grandfather Walton) plays the prosecutor who is sick by this act of macabre caprice! His argument is completely convincing ... His argument is: "These two men who showed no mercy are now asking for theirs" This is a line of logic that would induce me to issue a conviction verdict if I were one of the members of the jury !! The absolute disdain for your precarious situation in life does not serve as a vindication to orchestrate a capital crime! It was Capote's instincts that dictated that such a deranged act of violence should have caught the attention of the American public !! As it turned out, it was a harbinger of things to come ... "In Cold Blood" did just that! This incident was the calm before the storm related to a pertinent aspect of the emergence of the radical 60's !! Such a lethal farce also served as a vision of isolated interests that could beset many typical Americans for the future! <br /> <br /> Truman Capote does a tremendous job authenticating this wild event with his book, which was a bestseller) and, with this documentary too ... The acting in this film by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, as well as people like John Forsythe, was amazing! The director, Richard Brooks, ("The cat on a hot tin roof", "Blackboard Jungle", "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo", to name a few !!) was outstanding in his collaborative efforts in this film !! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best movies in the history of movies! The film describes two reprehensible depravity monsters who entered into insane theaters, and ended up captivating a trivial gratification for having been recognized nationally pejorative ... This film points out a psychological discontent that incites an emerging group of counterculture providers of violence! ! Our nation's ideologies are incredibly different now, than they were in 1959! This film presents to the American people the emotional and vacillating culprits who began such a precarious metamorphosis in our general value system! I recommend everyone to watch this movie ... "In Cold Blood" was the focal point of the movie "Capote". Think about it, making a film about a movie is a rare and coveted award in Hollywood! In the case of "In Cold Blood" is an extreme example of a film that is indirectly clairvoyant, intellectually elevating and, of course, it goes without saying that "In Cold Blood" was absolutely fascinating, as well as a totally remarkable way. movie!!
