Easily one of the ten best films of the twentieth century. In Cold Blood is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of his narrative, and absolutely fascinating. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake walks away with the movie. The story seems to be presented almost entirely from Perry's point of view, even though Dick is the leader and planner of the couple. The viewer will invariably perceive that Dick is more unstable, immature and, in general, feels that Perry would not have been involved in this nightmare, but Dick and his need to be someone should get a great score. <br /> <br /> Based on a true story with special attention to accuracy, In Cold Blood describes the story behind the brutal and senseless murder of a rural Kansas family on a cold, windy night, because Dick has swallowed an old rural myth about prosperous farmers who have a safe full of cash in their house. As "fiscal" (a character who does not have a name in the script), played by Will Geer, he so astutely points out, their lives are bought for only $ 10 per head. The director Richard Brooks, wisely, decides not to share with us the gruesome details of the murders until the end of the film, before this we only know what has happened and see how the life of Dick and Perry slowly crumbles while they try to escape, not Only detained by the police, but also Perry's increasingly intense sense of imminent death. He repeatedly comments: "Nobody gets away with something like that" and "I can not help thinking that we left something behind that belongs to us". Dick is not mature enough or moral enough to feel guilty about his crime, just irritation from Perry. In fact, after they are captured, it is Dick who breaks first, and suddenly faints when he finally faces an irrefutable proof that he places the two men at the crime scene. I felt some grief for Perry from the beginning of the movie, and more as the events progressed, but I just hated Dick. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is the attractive way in which the story unfolds. juice. We do not think for a moment that we are seeing the actors portray the characters, but we are observing the participants and real events as they occur. The story is relentless, mocking, the execution time slightly exceeding two hours is more like a few minutes. <br /> <br /> For those of you who are interested in such things, I noticed a couple of "Goofs" listed here on the IMDb page for In Cold Blood are incorrect or exaggerated. Like the "inverted" process shot, at the beginning of the movie, while Dick and Perry drive across the bridge to Kansas. For starters, this is not even a process shot, the camera is placed in the back seat and the image that looks beyond the windshield of the car is real. A large cargo truck located on the left front of Dick's Pontiac creates the optical illusion that they are retreating because it is traveling at a higher speed, but a closer look will reveal that they are indeed moving forward and is a real shot filmed from a vehicle moving. <br /> <br /> As I said before, this is one of the ten best works of cinema of the 20th century, not recommended for the very young due to the language of some courses and the implicit and inferred violence (not real on their face) as gore as a modern movie would resort to), but a completely excellent movie.
