The true crime story in the core of In Cold Blood may seem a bit 'docile' to those who are exposed in the classic stories of serial killers (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer), or simply the most notorious cases in Hollywood (OJ , Manson). The essential facts in the case do not amount to anything terribly complicated: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (here played by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson respectively) were fortunately found, conspired to rob a man's house safely in Kansas, and after kill A family of four with shotgun and dagger left with $ 43. Apart from his return to the United States after fleeing briefly to Mexico, there is not much mystery in the resolution either. They were caught by a stroke of ironic irony (a policeman followed them and stopped them for having a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock helped a boy and his old man collect the bottles for the change), and were sentenced to hang from the neck until they died. The story ended in 1965. <br /> <br /> But it's the handling of the story, the moments of discussion, the performances, a pure cinematographic touch that Brooks and his absolutely wonderful (the late / great) DP Conrad Hall offers in clear widescreen black and white, and a style of narration that feels realistic without going too much into naturalism or too much melodrama (except for almost the end, which is perfect). The air of tragedy looms over history, and not so much for the murders themselves, no matter how brutal they are as the "third" man who is conjured, as the narrator observes, by Smith and Hickcock forming a team, but because the inevitable of history. Somehow you feel for these criminals, who elsewhere would be just conventional figures or something out of a series B movie. These are not good people, but neither are they necessarily monsters, at least in their entirety. <br /> <br /> It's also an excellent 'road-movie' when we see Smith and Hickcock on the way down. to the residence of Clutter (the real nighttime crime scene that occurred at the end of the film), then to Mexico, then back to America to Las Vegas. We get soaked in the personalities of these two, probably even more than the police detectives who at first have no clues and finally get a break with an inmate. Actually, it's a bit disturbing to get close to these two (kind of like the aimless quality of the Malick Badlands characters), and it's also a sign of boldness for the period. There are no sermons, like "he did this because of that and this or that". We see how Smith had an abusive and psychotic father, but that Smith loved him and hated him. The complexity there is too much for the film, maybe even too much for Capote's book (which, I must confess, I still have to read, although I plan to do so). And we see that Hickcock is an astute creature of confidence (that is, getting the suit and other things with bad checks), but without any deep explanation of all this. <br /> <br /> The fatality streak in In Cold Blood is one of the crudest of the 60s, and it's Brooks' luck to have his stars as Blake in his first-rate performance (this and Lost Highway) , curiously considering his saga of real life in recent years, his quintessential pieces of work), and Wilson's advance before becoming a character actor. While they are surrounded by excellent supportive work, they themselves are eerily absorbing, more or less driven by greed and fantasies of escapism with treasures, and they remain deeply ingrained in their situation through death row and even the end. Is this a moral of the story, if there could be one, that it is more frightening to confront the possibility that those who kill can not be classified, that the good and the bad get dirty? Smith apologized for his crime before being hanged, and notes, "but to whom?" This is a story that will surely give the most hardened true crime fans the chills of good faith, and possibly the best American film of 1967.
