['Criminals Perry Smith and Richard &quot;Dick&quot; Hickock believe that Mr. Clutter of Holcomb, Kansas, has a large amount of cash on hand in a safe. On November 15, 1959 at two in the morning they end up murdering Mr. and Mrs. Clutter and their son and teenage daughter. After a small police investigation, the two men are found and sentenced to be hanged. In Cold Blood (1967) is directed by Richard Brooks. Now, I have not read the Truman Capote novel on which this movie is based. so I can not make any comparison. The film does a brilliant job of telling the horrible events that really took place. Robert Blake is excellent as Perry. Of course, Blake had his own murder case a few years ago, being accused of murdering his wife. Now he is free, but we still do not know the truth. Whatever it is, it is still an excellent actor. Scott Wilson does a remarkable job as Hickock. John Forsythe is great as Alvin Dewey. Paul Stewart He&#39;s very good like Jensen. Jeff Corey is wonderful as Mr. Hickock. The same with Charles McGraw. or interpret Tex Smith. John McLiam plays Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin is the daughter Nancy and Paul Hough is the son Kenyon. Great work from each of them. There is a lot to remember about this movie. from the lighter side. It is very good when Perry wants to go and look for gold in Mexico and he says to Hickock: Do you remember Bogart in El Tesoro de la Sierra Madre? &quot;And Blake himself was in that movie when he was a kid!&quot; And it&#39;s a fun time when they, taking a walk with that child and his grandfather, pick up bottles and return them for a refund, those darkest moments are the most disturbing. The flashback sequence, in which you see the murders happening, is extremely scary.When Perry is going to kill the girl, Nancy is the last, and she says &quot;Oh, please, no&quot; ... The brutality of the man, it is impossible to explain, then the scene of the scene First, go Hickock and then Perry, talking first with the minister In the last image of the film we see Perry hitting the end of the string. movies and books can try to sympathize with these villains, especially Perry&#39;s character is someone you can feel sorry for, think of his mother and the father he hates, but still loves, but it does not change the fact that these two men that these actors interpret are aces Brutal guys, who do not feel sorry for anyone. They go to this house and kill an entire family, in cold blood. How could you sympathize with these people?']
