As I've matured, my fascination with the Academy Awards has evolved from intense interest to casual fun. As in some other comments I have written, the strange results of the Academy Award vote are often difficult to explain. The omission of "In Cold Blood" in 1967 as one of the five Best Film nominees is one of those unexplainable cases, especially when one of the nominations for that year went to "Dr. Dolittle." While only an insomniac or masochist would be in tune with the Rex Harrison disaster, Richard Brook's powerful adaptation of the non-fiction novel Truman Capotes retains its ability to capture the viewer's attention and leave him completely exhausted by the final disappearance. While there is nothing particularly graphic or frightening on the screen, the film is definitely adult material. Based on a multiple murder of Nebraska in the 1950s and filmed in the real places where the murders were committed, "In Cold Blood" was filmed by cinematographer Conrad Hall in black and white, and his screen compositions claim to be views in its correct form. widescreen aspect ratio. Along with the unsettling Quincy Jones score, Hall's work should have been credited above the title with the Brook script as the three pillars on which this intense classic is built. The performances are also good. Scott Wilson is all cold charm and Robert Blake intense introversion as the two assassins. (There is an internal joke at a given moment when Blake talks about Bogart and "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" as the duo heads to Mexico.) As a child star, Blake sold the lottery ticket to Bogart in that John Huston movie ). The film, like the book, is definitely inclined towards murderers and has an inclination against capital punishment, although the relentlessness of the assassins denies that feeling a bit despite the final scenes difficult to see. Some have criticized the film because it focuses on the criminals, their background and their lives, while the Clutter family, which was literally murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night, is presented as one-dimensional characters of little importance. This lack of balance comes from the book, since Capote spent a lot of time with the two murderers while they were on death row. The Clutter family apparently was not investigated at the same depth. However, regardless of the feelings you may have for or against the death penalty, "In Cold Blood" will leave you mired in conflicting thoughts. Run a double invoice with "Dead Man Walking" and you can not talk for days.
