Although it was released in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD is still the point of reference by which all true crime films are combined. Veteran writer / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) adapted Truman Capote's non-fiction book into a chilling docudrama that retains a disturbing power even today, thirty-five years later. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake and Scott Wilson play Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, two ex-convicts who, on a tip from Hicock's old cellmate Floyd Wells, broke into Herbert Clutter's house in Holcomb, Kansas , in search of a wall safe that supposedly contained $ 10,000. But a safe was never found, and the two men ended up killing Mr. Clutter, his wife and their two children, escaping with only a radio, a pair of binoculars and a lousy forty dollars. Two months in a row, including a "vacation" aimlessly in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when the police caught them in a stolen car. But, finally, after being questioned mercilessly by Kansas police officers, these two men committed that heinous crime in Holcomb. They were tried and convicted on four counts of murder, and they remained in jail for a period of five years of appeals and denials until they were both hanged to death on April 14, 1965. The two dispassionate assassins who show no remorse for what they have done, but they are worried about being caught. John Forsythe also makes a good turn as Alvin Dewey, the chief detective who investigates the crime, as does Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a tactic that is both faithful to Capote's book and a good artistic move, Brooks does not show the killings at the beginning; instead, it shows the two assassins approaching Clutter's house when the last light is extinguished, then cutting off the next morning and the horrible discovery of the bodies. Only during the trip back to Kansas, when Forsythe asks Blake and tells the story, do we see the real horror of what happened that night. We do not see so much blood spilled in these scenes, but we do not need to do it. The shotgun shots and the horrified look on the faces of the Clutters when they know they are about to die are disturbing enough, so there is no need to resort to the explicit and bloody violence of the Slasher movie. <br /> <br /> Brooks wisely filmed IN COLD BLOOD in black and white, and the results are excellent thanks to the experience of Conrad Hall. The chilling Quincy Jones jazz score is the highlight. The end result is one of the most disturbing movies of any kind ever made, devastating in its own discreet manner. It is a 134-minute study of a crime that shook an entire state and, indeed, an entire nation, and should be seen, although the discretion of the spectator is recommended; the 'R' rating is there for a reason.
