Everyone we know influences our way of thinking, modifies our ways, a little bit of that person affects us. "The Eighth Day" takes this theme (Compare "Rainmaker"). In this film, Harry (Daniel Auteuil), a businessman who is an expert in sales psychology, meets Georges (Pascal Duquenne), a child with Down syndrome who is running away. The winning performances of these two actors give this film its greatest strength. The initial sequence is excellent when Georges tells his theory about the creation of the world and in the final scene we discover what God created on the eighth day. There are some moments in the story that are very frustrating for Harry. For example, Georges, who is completely uninhibited, demands a pair of expensive shoes and does not have enough money. It's the kind of scene where you laugh between your tears. I liked the scene in which the Down Syndrome group on a trip to the Art Gallery escaped on a bus and crashed into the Paradis amusement park. The most comical of all the embarrassments is the scene in which Harry and Georges pass a float on the road and, looking back, Georges gives the driver a rough greeting. But there are also some soft scenes, especially the impressive use of close-ups of hands: hands that feel the sun, the wind and the rain, hands that rise, hands that come closer and unite with love and friendship. This is the real cinema that touches the heart. There are very touching scenes where Georges proposes marriage to Nathalie, where Georges cradles Harry in his arms, where Georges keeps calling his beloved mom, where Georges teaches Harry to laugh ... I felt there was a profound message in the film that life is beautiful - the mere presence of the grass (Did you know it cries when you cut it?), the trees on high, the song of the birds, the little insects, all the miraculous creatures of nature. They are all there to enjoy them if we just throw ourselves back (like Harry and Georges) we look around and listen ... A beautiful movie.
