For anyone with a moderate sensibility, a moderate feeling of the human and human condition, for anyone capable of overcoming Hollywood people, for anyone who is satisfied to see a cinema that does not have a series of Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes ruining the brain. of someone or see who is sleeping with whom, for anyone whose intellectual level reaches the capacity to understand, sympathize, understand, laugh WITH, cry WITH NATURAL, Hilarious, compassionate Tender, HUMAN BEINGS, "Le Huitième Jour" is waiting for you . Jaco van Dormael has not simply achieved a masterpiece, which would have been too simplistic; has achieved one of those rare works of monumental art in the film world that defies any type of encapsulation. It's a drama? It's a comedy? No: it is the story of Georges, a wonderful and funny and pitiful affectionate and beautiful scared personality, who suffers Downes Syndrome. It is a story that makes you laugh in your tears, but this is not one of those classic tears of tears; this film moves through a world that makes you mix at the same time your feelings of compassion or pity or even shame with those of admiration, warmth and even love. A successful bank salesman, Harry, runs into Georges: both went in opposite directions with absolutely opposite ideas, problems and priorities; skilfully van Dormael melts these two unlikely men into a warm friendship, but that is much more than the good friendship of those who drink a beer on the road. This is a relationship that becomes a deep need of both for the other. Quasi surrealist scenes fit perfectly: Georges remembers (or invents) past scenes of his life, whether daydreaming or sleeping; Even the final, almost ghostly, scene is totally correct. The only scene that could be considered a little out of place is when they steal a bus and take it out of the showrooms. However, this does not detract from the whole. This movie is a monument. Even if your French is not too much, please give it with subtitles. 'Le Huitième Jour' is worth it. As for anything else, well, just read the following comments ?? I agree with all of them. This movie is a joy, it is majestic, it is unique. If you've seen 'Rain Man' which I consider an excellent movie, you should see this one: it's very superior because it does not have the superficial appearance of famous world-renowned actors produced in Hollywood; Does Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil have? TEN oscars for these two, and three more for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb rating does not break under tension. <br /> <br /> Magnify! Chapeau!
