This movie has all the size and grandeur of many of the great biblical epics of the fifties and sixties. But it is also perhaps the first that really humanizes the biblical characters. Best of all, it does not diminish them in the eyes of the viewer. This is a unique and compelling balance that helps us realize that even great people like David are defective people who find their faith and greatness in facing their shortcomings. <br /> <br /> The actors are all top-notch in the Gilbert Barnett movie as David's second son, Absolom, to the wonderful Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is at his best in this movie. His own style of acting, true but bigger than that of life, is found here. She is always the seducer, but she plays the role in such a way that you sympathize with her. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey does a great job as Nathan the prophet. When I was a child when I first saw the movie, it seemed that Massey had really conversed with the Lord himself and it was an incredible vision. No doubt also helped by the great music composed by the always amazing Alfred Newman who also had great successes in other biblical epics like "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story Ever Told" along with perhaps another 100 films too! Leon Shamroy's film photography is well made and adds to the size, but also to the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a really underestimated film director who, like William Wyler, was never pigeonholed in any genre, brings together a production larger than life that never loses sight of the love story between David and Bathsheba and David's deep struggle with your faith. in God. The road traveled in this movie could have been very bad, but King keeps it real and interesting at all times. Also, we never lose the sense of mystery in trying to understand the will of God, just as David himself is struggling with it. From the first scene where a soldier dies trying to save the ark of destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's response, (paraphrasing) that no one can understand God's will. This is the journey in which we embark until the mighty end where David finally confronts himself. <br /> <br /> Finally, this movie belongs to Gregory Peck, as wonderful as King David. His David is a man that you can believe could rule a country without mercy, but at one time he was a faithful singer of psalms. This is one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> I do not see this movie on TV anymore, but when I do, I never stop seeing it. I think it still holds very well today.
