There is no shortage of bad dialogue in David and Bathsheba. "I was a good hand with a slingshot", "The king of all Israel out there in the dark, exposing himself to the enemy" (full marks to Dennis Hooey for delivering that person with a serious face), "Go and sit with the concubines " And somehow I doubt that a bored David told Nathan the prophet "What you say". Even try the old routine "My kingdom does not understand me" in a desperate housewife, Bathsheba, at any given time. So, it is probably a tribute to the direction of Henry King that the film is not bad despite the pitfalls that a large part of the first third offers. Maybe it's the censoring nature of the plot? A married man kills the husband of a fatal woman and gets away with it! ?? but King highlights the growing moral and theological complexities in Phillip Dunne's script rather than increasing sin and Hokum sandals. This is the conflicting David on the downhill slope, abandoned by a vengeful God who no longer understands, and the film does not move away from the uncomfortable unanswered questions about why a loving deity would choose to take revenge on the innocent rather than the guilty . . It even offers a genuinely surprising critique of the sexual inequality of the law, where spousal failures result in the punishment of their wives. <br /> <br /> Unlike King David, who sidelined the king in favor of the most recognizable interesting Saul, David is firmly at the center of the drama and, despite an interesting display of shoulder contractions and a close-up frankly without worms when he visits the site of Saul and Jonathan's death, Gregory Peck's performance grows in stature as David shrinks. Susan Hayward is a pure Hollywood professional, Raymond Massey is a theatrically appropriate prophet (why be a naturalist when you have a voice that makes the sky tremble?) And Uriah of Kieron Moore, an uncompromising, unreconstructed chauvinist you can not blame exactly David for putting him in danger, but despite threatening to sell him gently, the film does not allow David to get out of jail for his death. With a surprisingly strong but tenuous design and a Technicolor photograph, this is definitely a cut above most of the biblical epics of the 40s and 50s. <br /> <br /> Fox's new DVD is a good one transfer, including a behind the scenes incredibly incredibly 'candid' Short and a trailer with brief shots removed from the only battle scene of the film.
