This film is famous for several qualities: a literate script, for once in the making of partially religious films, by Philip Dunne, some very good performances, a first level production in each department and its intelligent direction by the veteran Henry King. If one were making a film, getting talents such as Leon Shamroy as cinematographer, Lyle Wheeler as art director and Alfred Newman as original music composer would guarantee quality production. Add the cast of this film, which includes Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as the title characters, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton, plus a Gwen Verdon dance, and you might expect the resulting film is made into something special. But in a biblical script, usually a subgenre prone to illogical motivations and miraculous interventions, everything will ultimately depend on the author's abilities. Philip Dunne here has supplied human beings, a rare achievement in biblical films. David is a man in this movie, with many faces, not someone who performs mythical works on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-controlled, self-critical and attractive. Like Bathsheba, Hayward is not the perfect choice, but it conveys a lot of common sense and emotional normality that helps us see why the King of Israel would risk so much for it. The rest of the cast is robust and capable in turns. Family history gives them little to work with, but author Dunne and the cast do everything possible with human situations. David's youth is told in flashback; how he was chosen by a prophet of Yahweh to be king of Israel, and wins his way to be second to the king, Saul, by defeating Goliath the Philistine in battle when all the others fear the beard of the giant warrior. Thereafter, he is finally expelled from the court of King Saul of Israel, becomes a famous warrior and returns to claim the kingdom and become the instrument of the death of Jonathan, the king's son, formerly a friend. Their wars are successful: the film opens up in fact with a successful attack scene; but his life is empty since his wife Michal, Jayne Meadows, is Saul's daughter and she is cold. He turns to Bathsheba, whom he sees from the roof of the palace bathing naked; Later, she admits that she had expected him to see her. But she has a husband, Uriah; when she becomes pregnant, it becomes necessary for Uriah to come from the battlefield and spend time at home; instead, he asks David to put him at the head of the battle, even after being aroused by Verdon's dancing. David agrees. He is murdered, a war hero; But this does not solve the question of infidelity. The drought reaches Israel, and the phenomenon is blamed for the king's infidelity. Finally, David puts his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem and housed in a temple, which caused the death of others who accidentally came in contact with him, inviting his god to punish him, and nothing happens . ... David leaves the temple, and finds that the rain has reached his dry land. This movie is always interesting, varied in its types of scenes and physically beautiful. The director and the author make use of the principle of the observer, and they are frankly more successful in the humanization of the characters than in almost any film outside the Grecianized-Eastern Eastern canon, where the feat is a bit easier since neither the themes miraculous or religious are central in such adventures. Well remembered for his brilliant performance, excellent performances and intelligent dialogue, this dramatic effort deserves repeated study.
