Not being a fan of first-person shooters, I had many doubts about playing this game. After having played the demo however they sold me. "Undying" really manages to pull you into the game and be part of the universe in which your character is. You have this green amulet, called "Stone of Gel'ziabar", which has special powers and warns you of events or things in particular. look. With a special spell "the scrye" you can see certain things that would otherwise be invisible to you. When walking in a hallway, you suddenly hear the magical whisper of the stone: "Look", with the stone shining, for example, in a painting. And then, using the scrye spell, you can see some strange and spooky things in the painting. Let me tell you that witnessing something like that is scary as hell. People who expect to finish this game in a few hours can forget it even with the use of traps. This game is based on the character using wit and walking with care. Because like in any horror movie, its surroundings are usually quite dark. And ghosts and monsters appear randomly when you do not expect them and can kill you very quickly. There is a scene in which you want to enter a room where you are rejected so strongly that it takes a few moments to realize what happened. This was a scene that could have come straight out of the horror classic "Evil Dead"! Experiencing something like this is a real achievement. There are a lot of elements that carry "Undying" at the level of the best classic horror films ever produced. But unfortunately I have to report that there are some faults. On the one hand, the universe in which you are playing is huge. You start in a large mansion with all kinds of hidden and secret rooms and even a hidden dimension of hell called "Oneiros". That's all good at the beginning. But with all the loading times and some difficult enemies in between, that can be frustrating. And there is no map. The game demands that you memorize your surroundings. So patience is required. There are also some jumping puzzles that you have to do, otherwise you can not progress. I do not mind jumping on platforms in third-person adventures. But in first-person mode that can be an annoying task. Luckily you can save at any time and anywhere. And trust me you'll need it. In general, "Undying" is an extraordinary first-person shooter that deserves to be played by any fan of the game or horror.
