My scalp is still distinguished by the burning coals that I accumulated when I swore that I love this movie. Bring the embers; I will also walk you to tell you that I love "Bend it Like Beckham". Of course, there is a lot of "despite" in that confession. It's a little movie of the week; The script is on the side of painting by numbers. And, most worrying, the director's comment implies that in this film beauty can be found mainly among the white of the skin. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is not in what is obvious to the tanned eye of Syd Field: the arcs of characters, themes, construction. It is on the surface as well as in what is hidden deep, but not in those layers of artistic earth that critics seem more often. Powerful female bodies, sometimes semi-dressed, not only on display but kicking the shit out of a soccer ball do a better job of naturalizing female strength and agility than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi will ever do . These are real bodies (with the exception of Keira Knightley) whose job is not to look good first and kick ass later. They are bodies of work whose beauty lies in their movement and self-determination. And, in my book, the leading actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures ever captured on the screen. Not only because she can claim that trite adjective, "luminous", but because her performance has an honesty and an unreserved intelligence, absolutely convincing. <br /> <br /> The result is a film that women can enjoy without feeling. As if they were making a pact with the devil to do it. As in Chadha's "Bride and Prejudice," relationships between women sparkle with a chemistry that can not fit perfectly into Sweet Valley High's "best friend" or "sister" categories. Perhaps Chadha is right even in her comment to disapprove of the flirtation of the film with lesbianism. "Bend it Like Beckham" has an electricity that can not be reduced to the simple hetero / homosexual love triangle that the conventionally structured script would suggest. The precise nature of their pleasure is, ultimately, a bit of mystery. and it's even more seductive for that. <br /> <br /> Oh, yes, and did I mention that it's hilarious?
