"Dragonlord" sees Chan return to his role as "Dragon" of "The Young Master". However, not much has happened from the first movie. "Tigre", his older brother, is not in sight; Neither the Marshall, his daughter or his son are magnificently played by Yuen Biao in the original film. However, Dragon has the same teacher, presumably all the other students have moved on to other things. (Dragon's laziness in training is largely shown in this movie, so maybe he's still studying!) <br /> <br /> Originally titled "Young Master In Love," this movie sees Dragon (for at least for the first sixty minutes) chasing A villager in various ways idiots and slapstick. His rival for his affection is his friend (inappropriately named "Cowboy") played comically by former team member Chan Stunt, Mars. We see several scenes where their foolish plans are counterproductive. It is one of these scenes in which (fortunately) we find "Dragon" in his head. <br /> <br /> This movie is notorious in that it did not meet expectations at the box office. That said, I'm sure the expectations were pretty high and I think this movie has never had a fair trial based on its own merits. But even when I try to do this, I still feel that there is a problem with the movie. It seems quite out of focus, sometimes rushed, and I think the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as Chan's other work of this period. <br /> <br /> What really saves the movie is the final sequence. As in "The Young Master," there is a fantastic final roll that is filled with an incredibly strenuous action: you really feel every stroke. And again, Chan faces the same rival as "The Young Master" (is it the same character?), And the moment and energy here are bright. Chan's style of using every last bit of his environment to help defeat his opponent, not just rely on pure physical ability, is as evident here as anywhere else. The barn in which they fight is full of small and ingenious gags and improvisations. This is an absolute highlight of the film and one of Chan's incredible careers. <br /> <br /> You do not need to see the prequel before you see "Dragonlord", in fact, you might even ask more questions than you expect. reply. But it must be said that the original movie is the top movie, and "Dragonlord", with its focus on chasing girls and team sports, seems disconcerting. Luckily, the few scenes of fight that offers (besides a fantastic scene of shuttle of roosters) they surpass it in the line like a film that is necessary to see in this sort.
