This movie should be seen in the right mood. First, the central relationship between father and son makes it quite clear that the film was conceived as a prequel to his film "Drunken Master" by Wong Fei Hung (the ideas of this film are repeated in "Drunken Master II), and not" Young Master ", that Chan departed from this plan and changed the name of the characters indicates that he himself was not convinced that the material was being assembled correctly and, in fact, the film conveys the feeling of being incomplete, for example, the The romantic relationship around which the plot revolves is left completely hanging at the end of the film. "Young Master", of the same period, also feels badly done, but at least all of its central threads are tied at the end. as if Chan fought with the plot and characters trying to find their central theme, only to abandon the effort, possibly due to time and budget. <br /> <br /> Or maybe the movie is just too much This is an important film in Chan's career. Because he is committed to developing me. He is not the central character above all other concerns, so there is a lack of kung fu throughout the film. Chan wants to make a historical romantic comedy that simply has kung fu. But both the historical and romantic elements are presented as little more than twists of plot. <br /> <br /> That leaves us with comedy. Since Chan's concern is the development of the character, the comedy is largely driven by the character, as in the conflict between Chan's character and his best friend, a discussion about a girl. But there is a lot of slapstick too. Frankly, I think the comedy is funny enough to forgive the incompleteness of the plot. <br /> <br /> This film represents an effort on the part of Chan to find a viable formula that he can use and develop over time. It does not work at all, and Chan would only find that formula after abandoning the historical elements of his previous films, with the realization of the contemporary action comedy "Police Story". But watching this movie again is still very informative about how Chan made his way through the historical genre and perhaps why he left it.
