Even though Louis B. Mayer was not interested in signing a contract with the young Greta Garbo, this first American and MGM movie for the actress looked pretty beautiful. It is obvious that the film was given an incredible talent to film the production and make matte paintings, since it has all the brightness and dexterity that one would expect from the best images that the studio could produce. It just looks beautiful, even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> As for Garbo herself, like her other early American films, she also looks different. While it is quite recognizable, her makeup is much softer than it would be a year later, which gives her a less severe look and a tenderness about her that she did not see in later films. I wish they had maintained this aspect, but considering how famous it had become with the trademark aspect, who am I to say that they should not have gone that way? The film is about Garbo and how she and her family are unfairly expelled from their land by the owner. While the owner, the highly esteemed Doña Bernarda, affirms that it is because the bank has demanded payment, it is because her son has fallen in love with Garbo, and what better way to get rid of her than to force them to go out on the street! Good lady, huh? The years go by and now Garbo has become a new singing sensation that is world famous. When she returns to her hometown years later, her old boyfriend (who HAD promised to marry her, but got scared when her mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to allow it) sees her. Your new love for another lady is already proven. Will he content himself with marrying this lady who is the heiress of a great fortune of pigs or will she want her old flame? And, what is more important, will Garbo return him after he has behaved so indefinitely? Meanwhile, a big storm hits. The earth begins to flood and the houses are soon swept away by the flood. Cortez and a friend go crazy when the prey breaks! In a scene in which, obviously, they overlapped their rowboat over the cascading stream, eventually manages to leave alive and reach the house where Garbo is now. She welcomes them inside and stays with her until the storm passes. Then, he admits that he still loves her and that he had defied the storm to make sure she was safe. She tells him to get lost! Next, you see Ricardo about to marry his second choice, the daughter of the Pig King. Obviously, he has little enthusiasm for this, and you feel sorry for the lady, since he did nothing wrong. Soon, Cortez is seen wandering back to the house of Garbo; He is sick with love and needs it. In this scene, Garbo is quite bright and can not tell him to leave, as they dissolve into each other's arms. Once again, he tells her of his love for her. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda finds out about this, she is not happy. Obviously, a pig queen is a better catch than an internationally known singer. Due to the intrusion of this unpleasant old woman, Garbo leaves, not willing to stand between the mother and her lean son. But, Cortez comes running, announcing that he MUST have her and that he will not rest until he has her as his wife. Moments after making this proclamation, a friend of the family speaks with Cortez and convinces him to abandon her for the sake of his career and reputation. So much for "he will not rest until he has her for his wife," eh? Even though Cortez was a puny, for some reason she can not hate him. And so, he marries the Pig Queen and lives a very boring life. When years later, Garbo meets Cortez again, he is a bored looking middle-aged man, while she is as beautiful as ever. And, as expected, she tells him, once again, to get lost. <br /> <br /> At the time this movie was made, Garbo was not a star in the US. UU And Cortez was. Then, in light of this, it is surprising that Cortez has been given such an unpleasant character to play. Instead of Valentino's habitual role of trust that they had been giving him, here is an indecisive puppet, a HUGE puppet. And, from now on, his career was in a slow downward spiral. As for Garbo, the role helped her establish her as a great star, since it was THE focus of the film and she played a character very similar to her later characters. <br /> <br /> As for the movie, the new music composed It was very nice, although a bit repetitive. The impression, strangely, was almost perfect except for the intertitle cards, which could use some restoration. <br /> <br /> A most pleasant film: built by experts, with nostalgia and worthy of being seen. And, for one of the few times I think about it, I have no real complaints in this excellent movie.
