Zandalee, a bored and unhappy young woman (a sensual and seductive performance by Erika Anderson, a sharp and sensual witch) feels trapped in a rancid and loveless marriage with the failed poet and the decent but boring businessman, Thierry Martin ( a solid and credible portrait of Judge Reinhold). Zandalee has a torrid, adulterous adventure with sleazy and arrogant artist Johnny Collins (played deliciously to the slimy hilt of Nicolas Cage). Can the relationship between Thierry and Zandalee be saved? Or is everything going to fall apart and go to the seed? The director Sam Pillsbury and the screenwriter Mari Kornhauser lay in the histrionic style of a somewhat thick telenovela while trying to tell a serious and insightful story about the desire to run and its potentially dangerous consequences; The plot comes out gloriously from the rails in the last ridiculously histrionic third. The dialogue is equally ridiculously silly and vulgar (example: "I want to shake you naked and eat you alive"). Better yet, this movie certainly offers plenty of tasty female nudes (the majestically sculptural Anderson looks very sexy) and soft core semi-pornographic sex scenes (Johnny and Zandalee do the dirty action in a confessional stall of the church like a defined vaporous climax). The tart'n'tangy New Orleans configuration adds an extra touch to already hot procedures. With his long, disheveled black hair, his greasy mustache, his dirty mouth and his coarse manners, Johnny de Cage is an absolute shout, since the most unpleasant and unique "romantic" he has ever dropped on celluloid. The cast deserves the support to act with admirable sincerity: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold do a respectable job with their parts, with the excellent support of Joe Pantoliano as the cheerful extravagant homosexual of Zandalee, Gerri, Viveca Lindfors as the wise and perceptive mother of Tatry, Aaron Neville as the friendly bartender Jack and Steve Buscemi as a fun and cheerfully shameless thief. The brilliant and brilliant cinematography of Walt Lloyd gives the image an attractive bright appearance. The tasty and harmonious score of Pray for Rain also comes to the place. A deliciously campy and sordid fuss.
