Today I saw 'New York: I love you' and I loved it! I really wanted to see this after seeing 'Paris je t'aime' and, in general, I think I liked it a lot more ... Maybe I need to see 'Paris je t'aime' again, I do not know ... I read some of the criticism here about NY: ILY and yes, the film is not without flaws. When it pays homage to a city like New York, it can be quite overwhelming and nothing seems to be fair enough to do justice to the city ... so, without giving more details about any of the film's shortcomings, I'll just write about it. what I do. I liked. <br /> <br /> Unlike 'Paris je t'aime', in which the short film of each director was segmented and titled correctly, NY: ILY is not and many critics here have found the perfection of the stories and the overlap of Characters here annoying and even confusing. I thought otherwise. I loved the way the stories just flowed one after the other, and I especially liked the superposition of characters, it could be a trick because now it's done a lot in movies. But I still liked it because I did not find it forced. And the idea that we are all connected at the end has a melancholy quality, even capricious, which to some may seem corny, but it seems beautiful. <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies, but the one that played The one that made me the most was that of Yvan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. I was so well acted and with a script that the revelation at the end, once again unused in the past, made me cry and I cried in the whole segment that followed. I've always liked Wright Penn and now I'm also a fan of Chris Cooper. Those lovely initial seconds when you're alone outside the restaurant, just before you get the call. Talk about Cooper's ability to convey a character by simply being there without saying anything. <br /> <br /> Most of the stories in This film involve characters who are each for the first time or have met recently, with the exception of 4-5 stories in which the characters have known each other for long time. It seemed to me (and I could be wrong) that the stories were different, but they all tried to emphasize the point, even the need, to just step back and see in a new light the people and things we have known. in our lives for a long time; to see people and things around you with the eyes of a stranger and appreciate them just as you did when you met them and saw them for the first time. <br /> <br /> The other films that I liked were those of Shunji Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, of Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, of Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby, of Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and once again that of Yvan Attal with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when they are in the cafeteria. I really need to see more works from Yvan Attal since I seem to like it a lot! <br /> <br /> In general, watch this movie with an open mind. Do not read the reviews before you see it! It may not be up to your expectations of what a movie about and about love in New York should be, and I doubt that any film really lives up to that conception. Just watch this movie to hear good music, a beautiful cinematographic photography of landscapes, a little comfort and a story or two that could pull your heart.
