New York, I Love You finally arrives on our shores, but their 10 tales about love somehow did not find enough reason to be published on Valentine's, probably due to the fact that this year's festival also falls on the Lunar New Year, And with that come the usual LNY blockbuster movies from people like Jackie Chan (no, not The Spy Next Door) and local filmmaker Jack Neo, who has traditionally released his latest film during that period to resounding success. So, why correct a formula that has not been broken? <br /> <br /> Continuing with the concept of Paris, Je T'aime had begun to generate the City of Love Franchise (Shanghai will be next, so it says the end of The Final Credits here), the Rumor here is definitely about the intertwined stories set in one of the cities of the world to allow diverse interpretations of filmmakers from all over to create stories based on love as a theme, although someone probably forgot to do it. Tell Scarlett Johansson some of the finer points of the basic rules of the sandbox, and her short film was dropped unceremoniously from the theatrical edition for not being able to fit into everything else (well, it was shot in black and white) , but I hope so. I reached the DVD at least. <br /> <br /> Structurally, this series is less compartmentalized compared to its predecessor, which if memory serves me well, had individual histories established within its own limits and never really breaking its artificiality. Edges created. Here there is a little more room for maneuver, where the characters of various stories interact in small filler segments used to unite the scenes, and not only depend on shots of buildings and landscapes, hoping to make things happen. see a little more. A coincidence with the idea of ​​fortuitous encounters between strangers, although a story astutely adopted this mentality so that its own narrative gives a surprise, although it has already been seen in Paris. <br /> <br /> One of the best draws to sit through a movie. like this one, it is definitely the creative force behind the stories, of writers, directors and filmmakers from different geographies and origins that reflect the composition of the cosmopolitan city, who come together to create a conceptual film. And what else is there in the cast full of stars, with big names among the least known, all of whom raise the bet through the perfect performance of the image, either for the entire length of the short, or as a support on which build. Rachel Bilson (who looks a lot like Bardot), to Shia LaBeouf of Spielberg, who surprisingly can not deny the first stargazing when recognizing the notables, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had writing and directing functions). act, and show more in his few minutes here than in all his filmography to date. <br /> <br /> As for the story, as in any anthology, you will find some that will appeal to you and others that will not. 't Some are direct in nature, while others have to devise sophisticated twists that fortunately worked. But these 10 plus 1 stories (because Randall Balsmeyer was given the duty to integrate everything to achieve a more organic feel rather than simply taking pictures of lesser-known areas and established landmarks) somehow lacked the spirit more "anything goes" of his predecessor, with stories more rooted in reality, compared to some fantastic elements of the previous film (Elijah Wood's pit with a vampire?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (the one of Christopher Doyle and the performance of Tom Tykwer, Natalie Portman). Here it seemed that the filmmakers opted for security, without venturing into that spirit of adventure and experimentation. <br /> <br /> Putting aside the minor issues, I still enjoyed almost all the shorts here, contrary to what many others have done. I felt about it The short film format is still very much alive, and having them together in a movie under the City of Love banner works well, and left me wondering what other cities are or have been included in their lineup. I hope that maybe the franchise will ignite and spread its influence here. Surely we have enough prolific filmmakers to form a Singapore, I Love You, so here I am crossing my fingers for something to materialize along the way. Otherwise, there is always the Sawasdee route to Bangkok, which is simply done without attachments to the rules of the house franchise.
