When I was born, this television series was the number one show on TV. America epitomized the feat of the last country of calves fattened with great ambitions, unlimited potential and a very comfortable economy! After a great Sunday dinner, why not sit back and watch "Bonanza", IN COLOR! This Western home evokes an American tradition that accompanies the complacency of the typical house of the United States during the era in which it was seen. The breathtaking cinematography of Lake Tahoe symbolizes an endless prosperity of the emerging American culture! Western movies were so popular that Western television programs followed suit! This was a period in our country that longed for a concise reflection on the struggle of our country for survival! The final result of the trials and tribulations at Rancho Ponderosa, as demonstrated in this series, caused us to realize that Americans now enjoy auspiciously the fruits of Cartwright's laborious work. <br /> <br /> The television program "Bonanza" was popular for many different reasons, mainly due to the fact that the late fifties and early sixties had not yet established the division of two different cultural mentalities, That they were ready to surface with our nation! The unification of ideologies in the United States that prevailed during the debut of "Bonanza" was one of the main reasons for the success of the program. In the final years of the program, "Bonanza" had established a firmly rooted central market television audience! The cast of "Bonanza" became famous, and the healthy entertainment of "Bonanza" embraced a camaraderie for the idealist All-American! Everyone liked "Bonanza" and many Americans loved it! Reflecting on the values ​​of the family is a favorite pastime of many Americans, and the television show "Bonanza" was perfect for that state of mind. I really liked the show, and most people I know also like it! Certainly, my whole family loved "Bonanza"! This show was one of the American classics of all time in the history of television!
