"Cinderella" is one of the most beloved of all Disney classics. And it really deserves its status. Based on the classic fairy tale told by Charles Perrault, the film follows the trials and tribulations of Cinderella, a good girl who is mistreated by her evil stepmother and equally unpleasant stepsisters. When a royal ball is held and all eligible young women are invited (read: the King wants the Prince to marry), Cinderella stays at home while her stepmother takes her horrible daughters with her. But there is a Fairy Godmother in her hand ... <br /> <br /> The story of "Cinderella" alone would not be able to eliminate a feature, so, while generally staying true to the story , otherwise, the quite incidental characters of the animals that the Fairy Godmother uses to help the character of the ball title become Cinderella's true companions. The Jaq and Gus mice are the main companions, and their own nemesis is the cat of the stepmother Lucifer. Their antics are usually intertwined with the main plot of the fairy tale, and are for the most part wonderful. It is true that the film slows down a bit between the main introduction of the characters and shortly before the stepsisters retreat to the ball, but after this slowdown, the film works again and is surprising (since "Cinderella" is the most worn out story of all time, probably) ends up as one of Disney's most immersive stories. <br /> <br /> The animation and art direction is lovely. All the legendary Nine Old Men were animated in this image, and the color style and artistic concept of Mary Blair (she also did conceptual art and color style for "Alice in Wonderland", "Peter Pan", "The three knights" and many others.) Manage to move their way on the screen. The colors and the designs are lovely, especially in the scenes of fairies and godmothers, as well as in those small and beautiful moments here and there. <br /> <br /> In general, "Cinderella" is one of Disney's best fairies. Stories and is recommended to young people and everything that embodies the philosophy of Disney that dreams can really come true.
