Walt Disney and his 9 Old Men gave their own 1950's return to the classic Cinderella fairy tale, which I suppose you could say helps to form an unofficial "fairytale princess trilogy" from the classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> THE PLOT: Cinderella is a good girl who can not take a break. She is the daughter of a rich and wealthy widower who loved her very much, but her mother passed away when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's father felt she needed a mother figure, so she finally married the woman who would be known as Lady Tremaine. she herself widowed with two daughters of the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first, everyone seemed to get along, but then Cinderella's father died, and the true nature of Lady Tremaine was revealed: she was a cold, cruel, cruel, merciless and petty woman, and transmitted those traits to her daughters, who were spoiled. , spoiled, and equally petty. Anastasia and Drizella hate Cinderella because deep down they know that she looks better and that she is a more attractive and attractive lady than they are (that is, more attractive to men), and her mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for almost the same reasons. As the years passed, Lady Tremaine began to squander the fortunes of the family in a stubborn but futile search to improve / refine her uncomfortable and unattractive daughters (calling them "homely" would be an insult to the homebody around the world ), while the three relegated Cinderella. the servant of the house who performs multiple tasks, abusing her, mistreating her and humiliating her whenever she has an opportunity (they especially like to increase her already absurd work load). That brings us to Cinderella in the present, where she has become a good-looking young woman who somehow manages to be kind and nice despite her abusive step and maintains the hope that one day the tables will turn your favor <br /> <br /> Cinderella gets her chance to be free and happy when a royal ball is held to introduce the local prince to a young eligible maiden so she can take her as a wife, settle down, raise a family, etc. Naturally, her family of steps tries to prevent her from attending, even going so far as to physically assault her and break the dress she had acquired for herself (with a little help from her mouse friends, the dress belonged to her biological mother) . . Finally, pushed beyond her breaking point, Cinderella runs out into the yard and cries desperately. It is at that moment that her Fairy Godmother, a short, plump and cheerful woman, arrives and provides Cinderella with transport and a transformed dress (after all, Cinderella would not make a very good impression on the dance if she entered the scene looking like if it had just been raped by a gang). Cindy arrives at the ball, the Prince gets angry for her, but that annoying midnight rule gets in the way, forcing her to flee, but leaving behind a glass slipper. Make a short short story: after a long and heartbreaking search to find the mysterious girl trying on the crystal slipper, she finds Cinderella and she and the prince get married, giving her the happy ending she deserves. <br /> <br /> In general, a nice Disney classic. Not without its flaws, the most obvious of which is that the Prince is little more than a MacGuffin to help propel the plot, has very little screen time and less dialogue, so we never know it very well nor do we get an good look at your relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate since, according to the making of the documentary, the Prince originally intended to play a more important role), and some additional scenes to help develop Cinderella herself could have been useful (There was a song that showed that she fantasized about becoming an army of maids to clean the house, as well as eavesdropping on her family's dance step by step to show her amusement at her jealousy, which was cut off because Walt himself thought the made her look spiteful). However, Cinderella herself is a pretty nice heroine, even if her friends with mice overshadow her, and there is a sweetness in the movie that is becoming harder to find these days. Of course, if this were to be done now, Cinderella would probably fight more against her family during the clothing extraction scene and would probably release herself at the climax (either on her own or by making an impractical but exciting downward jump. from your window) but this is irrelevant. <br /> <br /> And for all those who say that Cinderella is a bad example for girls, well, consider this, at least Cinderella did not go around getting publicly drunk and exposed indecently, unlike some modern "princesses" (You know who i mean).
