People criticize Disney's animated features of the 1950s for being too bright, set in landscapes too pristine. That criticism is fair. And yet, it can not be the whole story, because the two less brilliant ones, "Alice in wonderland" and "Peter Pan", are also the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, set in a world where dirt shines, is clearly the best. <br /> <br /> It looks good. The funds are subtle and consistent; The colors are pure without being too bright. The animation varies a little. I would swear that some of the humans are rotoscopied, but then, the rotoscopied humans (including Cinderella herself) are not thoroughbred characters in the script, so this approach works well enough. It is really the animals that make the film. I think that the study had never used animals in this way before, as totems instead of companions. Mice, for example, are the creatures that attract us to history; But they are really representatives or allies of the most colorless Cinderella. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch who is familiar to the Evil Stepmother. (The cat is brilliantly conceived and animated, one of the best feline creations of all time.The supervising animator was Ward Kimball and modeled it on his own cat.I wonder how he will hold the animal.) This approach allows animals to steal the show without drawing our attention to the main story. Their actions are of maximum interest only in light of the main story. <br /> <br /> Among the cast of support, the most notable humans are the King and the Grand Duke. The King is a one-note character, wants grandchildren and seems to have no other desire at all, but the note is played in a nice way. The Grand Duke is a character who deserves to be removed from his sphere as much as Cinderella. (Although, of course, it's richer). <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" is Disney's return to the show after an eight-year hiatus, and neither with it nor with any subsequent film would it recapture the pure sheen of its early years. He also made things difficult for himself by choosing "Cinderella." She is a passive heroine and there is not much anyone can do about it. (Maybe I'm wrong about that, I have not seen the recent "Ever After".) However, it's amazing how successful Disney was in making this unpromising story come alive, without cutting the grain of its spirit.
