The legendary film producer Walt Disney brought to the screen three of the best fairy tales in the world. They remain among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his classic innovator "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", released in 1937. The last one was the beloved "Sleeping Beauty", which made its debut in 1959. Between these two was perhaps its most satisfying adaptation of a classic. fairy tale: "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, "Cinderella" is the most faithful to its origins. Ironically, unlike "Snow White", which for better or for worse, became for many the definitive version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a success and, like "Snow White", was responsible for restoring the decline of Disney's fortune, it never achieved the same audience recognition it certainly deserved. Disney, for once, took pride in itself, opting not to manipulate a classic, but to elaborate and add substance to the story, instead of rewriting it for the screen. The result was lovely. <br /> <br /> A combination of magnificent animation (in beautifully soft Technicolor) and the perfect voices gave life to the story with a radiance that lasts to this day. Ilene Woods, who was a radio performer, recorded demo discs of the songs as a favor to the authors of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found his Cinderella. And in fact he had. Woods' candid interpretations of "A dream is a wish your heart makes", "So This Is Love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who would continue to express Maleficent in "Sleeping Beauty," masterfully captured the stepmother's icy cruelty, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly unpleasant stepsisters. Luis Van Rooten performed admirably as king and grand duke, and James Macdonald was endearing as Jaq and Gus, the devoted mice of Cinderella. William Phipps has little dialogue like the prince (future talk show host Mike Douglas provided his voice to sing) but the film (and Disney) veteran, Verna Felton was born to play the fairy godmother, and got the best number, (nominated for the Oscar) "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo") his own show. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "appearance" of the film, was Mary Blair, whose inspired use of color was much admired by Disney. Its elegant backgrounds from the French period contribute greatly to the quality of the film. But, most important of all 'are the credible characters, from Cinderella, to Lucifer, the deliciously evil cat of the stepmother. They give life and vitality to the story that is often told, something very difficult to create in an animated film. <br /> <br /> Along with the 55-year anniversary of the film (and, not coincidentally, the next holiday season) "Cinderella" has just been released on a special edition DVD. It has just never been better. The completely restored film must be seen to be appreciated, suffice it to say that it looks wonderful. An enhanced stereo soundtrack has been added and serves music well. The DVD extras, now standard part of Disney Platinum Editions, are too numerous to list here, but as usual, some are aimed at children, others are inclined to adults and the rest is somewhere in between. But true fans will want to get the luxury gift set, since, along with a real movie cell and eight character sketches, it includes a 160-page hardcover book, which not only incorporates most of the material that is found in the book with the special Edition of the video of the 1995 edition, but also much more. As usual at Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So, if like me, you are a lover of "Cinderella", buy it NOW! This edition is truly a "dream come true".
