And here is another piece of evidence to affirm that we should all worship the Italian giallo and recognize that it is the most singular absolute subgenre in horror. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" by Emilio Miraglia is a totally fascinating game of original conspiracies, stylish production values, charming music, great acting talents and ingeniously bloody murder sequences. It is a fabulous giallo (released in the golden year of 1972) that is among the five best fans of Italian cinema. The story not only presents your murderer half gloved and sexually frustrated, but combines good revenge motives outdated with the macabre myth of the murderous "Red Queen". At an early age, his grandfather tells brothers Kitty and Evelyn, who are constantly fighting, about a strange lady who, once every 100 years, on April 6, kills seven people, of whom her sister is the last victim inevitable. Fourteen years later, Kitty became the successful choreographer of a prominent modeling agency (even sharing her bed with the general manager) when the wave of murders suddenly begins. Sister Evelyn would be the obvious culprit, but she recently moved to the United States ... Or not? Complexes, while captivating and with red herrings, are thrown at you every couple of minutes and the character of the Red Queen is definitely the most fascinating killer in gial history. His face can never be seen, but he wears a bloodred cloak and produces the most horrible laughter when he makes a new victim. She is not exactly gentle either, since her victims are stabbed barbarously with a dagger, dragged behind cars and even impaled on fences! The latter is truly one of the biggest (= most horrifying) acts of violence I've seen! What more could you ask for? Any elegant and tasteful nudity, maybe? The beautiful female actresses got this more than covered, including Barbara Bouchet and a young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most famous giallo director, since he only did this and the equally recommended "The night Evelyn came out of the grave", but his influence and importance should NOT be forgotten.
