while the harsh detective stories of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler have adapted to the cinema like a fox in a chicken coop, creating the definitively modern genre and style of the United States in the process, those of what might be called fiction from the Age of Gold barely have any impression whatsoever. The problem with books like those of Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers or SS Van Dine (on whose work this movie is based), is that they have little action or variety, while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe cross the streets of Los Angeles. , working-class housing, bars, offices, wealthy mansions, and face all kinds of exciting dangers and violence, the fiction of the Golden Age is usually set in place, the murder scene, usually a luxurious country house , and the action is limited to investigating tracks and interviews with suspects. This is a very static procedure, reduced to a puzzle. <br /> <br /> This, of course, is as ideological as anything else, the stories of the Golden Age that deal with a society hostile to change and movement; The hard novels that register an urban reality move away more and more of a center (as much of authority as of city), and they are divided in hostile fields, always uncontrollable and without law. Another important problem with the fiction of the Golden Age is the character, since we can not know the answer to the crime until the end, we can not access the motivations or emotions of the characters, as it is defined solely by their possible need to murder. The detective, unlike the anxious and prejudiced private eyes, is simply there to be brilliant, and perhaps a bit eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem with most of the films in the Golden Age books is that they try to be period. The recreations of the Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen school, and end up looking stupid. There have been successes, for example, the radical renovations of Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol. In the English-speaking world, there have only been two. Alistair Sim's classic, 'Green For Danger', works because it pushes the form almost to parody, while never revealing the integrity or the interest of the mystery. <br /> <br /> Before that appeared the brilliant 'Murder of Kennel' by Michael Curtiz Caso '. The narrative is pure golden age. It presents a repulsive character that gives several suspects possible reasons to kill him. He is duly murdered in a seemingly infallible manner, which indicates suicide, collapsed in a closed room. The caricatured policemen fall desperately for the bait. Corresponds to Philo Vance, gentleman and amateur detective, neither old nor fat, read the clues in greater depth, open the case outside the confines of the room and, finally, solve the case, the corpse is little more than the excuse for stimulation intellectual. <br /> <br /> What is interesting is not this detective plot, which can only be unsatisfactory as all the solutions are, although it is rarely less entertaining and is full of comic aspects of business. There is not even a real attempt to "subvert" the image of the perfect detective; there is an alarming scene in which a brutal sergeant threatens to attack a suspect, without Vance's protest, but that's all. <br /> <br /> What makes 'Kennel' a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered a great author, because he has no consistent themes or evidence of artistic development. But he was the best craftsman in Hollywood, and he's in a sensational way here. If the history of the Golden Age detective is a simple enigma, Curtiz takes this idea as a logical extreme, creating an abstract variation in its source, reducing narrative, character and location to geometry, a series of lines, from the beautiful art-deco ensembles to the glorious camera movements that are suddenly separated from a static composition and, while sliding furiously at an angle, awaken the life of the dead decoration. <br /> <br /> This treatment is appropriate for a story that resolutely rejects realism, it is a pattern that turns the plot of the detective into a hall of mirrors, like the two central brothers, or the original crime itself, taken from a book "Unsolved Mysteries". This fantasy world of rich and unpleasant men who collect oriental relics (shades of 'The Moonstone'?), Inscrutable Chinese servants, ex-convicts turned into butlers, dog-loving fops, runyonesco policemen, is the perfect habitat for Vance, a man who will do it Download a cruise to Europe in a fanciful presentiment, who knows the social world of these people and, nevertheless, is tainted by their interest in crime and their association with the police, or would be if he was nothing more than a thinking machine, William. Powell, the best American comedian of the decade, bravely subsumed his idiosyncratic humanity. <br /> <br /> But if the treatment is rarefied, the climax is spectacularly brutal, involving vicious dogs and attempted murder. The police and the detective, who are supposed to prevent the crime, are guilty of inciting one.
