There are some movies that every horror fan owes to himself (or herself) to see, and "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" by Emilio Miraglia, also known as. "The Red Queen kills seven times" (1972) is definitely one of them. As Gialli and Gothic Tales are my two favorite subgenres in Horror, I really wanted to see this movie for quite some time, and although my expectations were high, this masterpiece exceeded my highest hopes. The previous Miraglia Giallo, "The night that Evelyn came out of the grave" (1971) was already a spooky and highly atmospheric film that successfully mixed Giallo with the Gothic horror, but could not be compared with this personal instant favorite. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is, without a doubt, one of the most unique and overwhelming Italian horror films ever made, and no lover of the genre could consider missing it. An incredibly fascinating Giallo with strong Gothic elements, "The Red Queen" offers everything one would expect in any of the sub-genres: an inventive and incredibly convincing plot, chilling suspense, a sublimely bizarre atmosphere and a truly spooky, exuberant atmosphere and exuberant. Colors, murders with style, a brilliant score and, not least, a dazzling female cast led by the incredibly beautiful Barbara Bouchet. This film is simply one of the most outstanding combinations of elegant beauty and pure terror. <br /> <br /> The movie begins incredibly in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As children, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn have been fighting when their grandfather tells them the story behind an incredibly strange painting: the legend says that a diabolical Red Lady will return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) has become a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people begin to be murdered ... Director Miraglia had already demonstrated his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and chilling coloring with "The Night Evelyn came out of the grave" and makes use of these elements in a way even more effective in this gem. . "The Red Queen kills seven times" is a feast for the eyes, and one of the most overwhelming Italian horror films, both visually and by plot. The disturbing painting in the castle of the grandfather alone is capable of giving the spectator goose bumps. The Red Lady (or Red Queen, as it is called in the title in English) is possibly the most diabolical figure in a Giallo, the chilling laughter that accompany the murders would be even terrifying on its own. <br /> <br /> You always see a sexy female cast, especially in a Giallo, and this is a good example for that. The dazzling Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most beautiful ladies that have appeared on the screen, and she is also a great actress. The presence of Bouchet has improved many Italian films, among other appearances in three of the greatest cult masterpieces of the Italian cinema of the 70s in a year (1972): "Milano Calibro 9" by Fernando Di Leo, the "Don" highlights of Lucio Fulci in Giallo "t Torture a duckling" and this unforgettable jewel In addition to the wonderful Miss Bouchet, the magnificent female cast of the film includes the young and sexy Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti ("The night that Evelyn left from the grave ") and other beauties who are not afraid to undress before the camera. <br /> <br /> Like the whole movie, the murders are elegant and extremely elegant, as well as frightening and macabre, and some of them are The fascinating Bruno Nicolai score is as memorable as it is, and it makes the intensely mysterious atmosphere of the film even more disturbing.The plot is artfully complicated and full of false leads, the level of tension increases. with every minute that passes. "The Red Queen ..." begins in a chilling way and remains impressive until the last second. In general, this is one of the movies where I can not find enough words of praise. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece that easily ranks among the best Gialli ever made, and a top priority for all fans of Horror and / or Italian cinema to see. 10/10
