Michael Curtiz directed this elegant 1930 album with a screenplay by Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel they adapted was "The Kennel Murder Case", perhaps from the point of view of a writer, the best of the mysteries of Philo Vance by the strange S.S. Van Dine. Vance was a genius of the detectives of long and superior words, and his character assigned to William Powell probably meant that the Warner Brothers executives were aware of the possibility that in less attractive hands this detective could alienate the spectators. Fortunately, William Powell was assigned to the character first; he was later played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lukas before being assigned the status of "B" image. The other question, as always with the Warner Brothers executives, is why they chose Vance as a character; his inclination was to choose men who operated outside the law, without apparent discrimination between a vicious murderer and a defender of individual rights against all concerned. This movie has a despicable villain who is murdered, and a claustrophobically challenging place inside an apartment complex. The characters are undoubtedly unusually well made, the direction quite good and the rhythm unusually fast; and, with the exception of a dark B / W look, the film avoids comic faces, superfluous characters and the irrelevant dialogue characteristic of many of the early detective entries. Jack Okey did the good art direction. The music of Berhard Kaun is useful; Orry-Kelly made the costumes. William Reese provided cinematography mostly indoors. In the interesting cast, Powell is the Philo Vance of his time, mostly sober with a sardonic touch of humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than normal playing very straight as a police admirer to Vance, with his very professional time. The other actor that comes out better is the handsome Paul Cavangh, very effective as always in what was written as part of the false trail. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this point in her career she spoke a little too quickly to be as effective as she proved later. Also in the cast were Helen Vinson as the villain's wife, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (better known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as the villain they all have reasons to kill, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his brother nice with Robert. McWade as the DA; Etiienne Girardot, peculiar and funny, has a delightfully ingenious part as the forensic doctor who appears at the crime scene. James Lee as the abused Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. The story is divided into four parts. First, there are activities in the shade at a dog show, where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh are showing all the West Highland terriers. Cavanagh's dog is killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the title over his own entrance. The second part of the scene implies a farewell; Someone is confused enough by who has gone to where, after Coe part of his girlfriend, Vinson, to murder his good brother by mistake. Enter Vance, to find out who did it in Archer Coe in a closed room and how, with the help of Palette; The romantic difficulties were solved, the Chinese servant was exonerated, we discovered who broke the expensive vase, who would marry whom, how Archer Coe was made and why the butler did not, but someone else with a good excuse did. This is a little more than good mystery, which the experienced Hungarian director Curtiz took very seriously. He used wipes, quick cuts, changes of camera angle and alternations between simple and daring camera work to achieve variety, interest and a sustained rhythm. Many writers, critics and experts, among which I include myself, consider that this is the best of the Vance projects, although others are also estimable.
