"Markham," said district attorney Philo Vance (William Powell), urban crime solver, "I'm getting more and more to believe that Archer Coe was murdered in this room, that poker, this dagger case, now these fragments ... everything is here. " "But Vance," says Markham, "you want to tell me that a dead man came up the stairs?" "I'm not trying to tell you anything other than the facts," says Vance. "This is the most remarkable case in my experience." <br /> <br /> We are understanding. The arrogant and arrogant Archer Coe, disgusted by everyone who knew him, had been found slumped in a chair in his bedroom, gun in hand and shot in the head. But wait. Further examination shows that Coe had been hit hard by a blunt instrument that fractured his skull. Then there is the wound dagger in the back. To complicate matters, the door and windows of Coe's room had been locked from the inside. Coe was not suicide; This was a murder. But how could the murderer have escaped? What was the specific motivation since there are so many suspects? And why was Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the closet on the main floor? <br /> <br /> The Kennel Murder Case case, now 73, still offers an elegant appearance to the old classic closed-room whodunit. What makes it work as well as it does is, first, that the mystery is complicated and intelligent, but still logical. Second, it's the fun and confident performance of William Powell. Consider his work as Philo Vance as something of a rehearsal of his great performances as Nick Charles. Few things escape to vance. He uses his wit to put things together. It is also good company. Powell was a star in the 1920s and moved steadily upward in status and popularity when talkies took over. His intelligence, style and effortless sophistication have made him one of the most contemporary actors of the past. <br /> <br /> It is also nice to see some other great faces. There is Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, the young, spiteful and potentially rich pupil of Coe; Paul Cavanaugh as a British graduate hovering over Hilda; Helen Vinson with her remarkably sensual and selfish way (seeing her actually doing her things in Vogues of 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a small old man like the fussy Dr. Doremus, whose work as a forensic doctor and forensic doctor takes him away from his meals; and Ralph Morgan as private secretary of Archer Coe. This movie has a high percentage of middle-aged men without an ounce of fat who can easily wear tight suits of English cut. The most important of all is Eugene Palette, with his noble belly and gravel voice, like Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance have been known for a long time and seem to like each other.
