['With several Bogdanoviches and Gazzaras scattered by the cast and crew, &quot;everyone laughed&quot; is a family affair. If you add the fact that B.Gazzara and Miss A.Hepburn had a brief but passionate affair in a previous image, it has the air of almost a private movie made for the enjoyment of the participants and for the entertainment of a wider audience. broad simply a complementary consideration. If all this sounds like self-congratulation &quot;in jest&quot;, you will be pleased to hear that Mr. Bogdanovich is very clear. of that particular danger and offers a sweet and quite innocent &quot;I love NY&quot; which is also an altar in which we can adore the ethereal beauty of the late Miss Hepburn. Make no mistake, this is your picture. Mrs. Gazzara gives it to her in a more selfish way in all her scenes together. The plot, a detective agency that is personally involved in the affairs of its clients, is of minimal importance, it is the performance of the two protagonists who dominate the film. The triumph of Mr. Bogdanovich is in the way his camera seems to love his actors, from &quot;Objectives&quot; onwards. There is a shine in each of his films that only special artists can get from an inanimate piece of optical equipment. Miss Hepburn particularly benefits from this love. Additional knowledge about his work can be obtained by reading the published collections of his essays on stars and directors, mainly &quot;Who the hell is there in this?&quot;, Recently remaining in the bookstores of the United Kingdom. The soundtrack of &quot;Everyone laughed&quot; varies from the 1947 concert at the New York Town Hall by Louis Armstrong to Sinatra and Country to the Latino, as eclectic as the city it represents. The image of &quot;Golden Boy&quot; Mr. B was sure to tarnish, since that is the nature of the film business, but it is equally sure that someday it will be restored, and when that day arrives &quot;Everyone laughed&quot; will be recognized by the good job that is.']
