I watch many movies, good, bad and indifferent; Usually, there is something of interest in what to notice, even if it is only an established design, or the reliable work of a good character actor, or the fortuitous laughter that comes from seeing the ineptitude captured forever. <br /> <br /> However, I was quite surprised by this movie, one I had never seen before. Of course, Graham Greene has been translated into film many times, in masterpieces like "Thin Man" and in smaller vehicles. The "Confidential Agent" is one of those minor vehicles, however, in any case, manages to take me somewhere, despite the lackluster direction, the incongruity of the representations of Bacall and Boyer as (respectively) British and Spanish, and the almost total absence of any chemistry between the two cables. Somehow, this last "problem" actually starts to work in favor of the film, because how can love really flourish in the murderous atmosphere of fascism and capitalism gathered over the tragedy of a person? The most compelling aspect of the film comes directly from Greene's complex and guilt-ridden psychology, which permeates the film. I know some see the deliberate rhythm here as boring, and I can understand it. However, I found that heavy work was accentuated instead of downplaying what is a claustrophobic world. I was forced to watch, not for a great performance (although Boyer is wonderful as usual, managing to transmit a rich mixture of world weariness, tragedy, hope and fervor with his magnificent voice and his anxious eyes), but by the spiral of the scant hopes of a man against a world of oppression and money. What is a thief? What is the use of love in the face of death? Where does profit-taking end and exploitation begins? The film does not rise to the level of art, and therefore can not wait to answer such questions, but it is much more than mere entertainment, and its murders and guilt are very drawn. The lack of ostentation, of "bubble", of "rebound" narrative helps make this movie worthwhile. <br /> <br /> And there is no happy ending, because the story wrote the end.
