Gregory Peck's brilliant portrayal of Douglas MacArthur from the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the start of the Pacific War largely until his ouster as UN Commander during the Korean War provides reasons to believe the three possibilities above. Certainly, the most controversial American general of World War II (and possibly sometime) MacArthur is presented here as a man of great contradictions. He states that, above all, the soldiers long for peace, but obviously he glorifies himself in the war; he constantly denies any political ambition, but almost everything he does is deliberately used to boost himself as a presidential candidate; he obviously believes that the soldiers under his command have to follow his orders to the letter, but he deliberately defies the orders of the president of the United States; He shows great respect for other cultures (particularly in the Philippines and Japan) and, however, is completely out of touch with his own country. All these things are kept in balance throughout this film, and in the end the viewer is left to draw his own conclusions about the man, although there is no doubt that MacArthur loved his country sincerely and passionately, and especially the Army . He dedicated his life to. <br /> <br /> Peck's performance was, as I said, brilliant, to the point, in fact, of overshadowing almost everyone else in the movie (which is perhaps appropriate, given who he portrayed!) With the possible exception of Ed Flanders. I thought he offered a convincing look at Harry Truman and his attitude towards MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly referring to MacArthur as "Your Majesty") angry, frustrated and finally completely fed up with this General who simply will not respect his authority as President. Marj Dusay was also intriguing as MacArhur's wife, Jean, dedicated to her husband (whom she herself referred to as "General", although their relationship seems to have been happy enough). I enjoyed this movie a lot, although maybe I would have liked to have learned a little more about MacArthur's early life. I've always scoffed at MacArthur's reaction to Eisenhower's election as president ("He'll be a good president, he was the best employee I've ever had"), which seems to summarize what MacArthur thought the president's role should be, especially your military commanders during the war, it's worth seeing them.
