It is noteworthy that mine is only the third revision of this film, while 'Patton-Lust for Glory', the previous biography of producer Frank McCarthy of a controversial American general of the Second World War, has attracted almost a hundred to date. comments. As a previous critic, I am intrigued by the reason why one film should have received more attention than the other. <br /> <br /> One difference between the two films is that 'Patton' is more focused, concentrating on a relatively short period immediately after the end of World War II, while 'MacArthur' covers not only this war but also the role of his subject in the Korean War, as well as his period as the American governor of Japan occupied during the interval. <br /> <br /> The main difference, however, lies in the way the two leaders play. Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George C. Scott dominated `Patton '. While Scott had another major star, Karl Malden, who played opposite him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in 'MacArthur' are household names, at least for his film work. Scott, of course, described Patton as aggressive and furious, a man who was sometimes at war with the rest of the human race, not just the enemy. I suspect that in real life, General MacArthur was an individual as volcanic as Patton, but that is not how it appears in this film. MacArthur, of Peck, has a more reflective and reflective inclination, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he played in some of his other films. Sometimes, he even seems to be a man of political left. Much of his speech on the occasion of the Japanese surrender in 1945 could have been written by a paid member of the CND, and his policies to reform Japanese society during the US occupation have a semisocialist air. In an attempt to show some of MacArthur's gift for inspiring leadership, Peck makes him an excellent speaker, but his speeches always seem to be due more to the studied tricks of practiced rhetoric than to any fire in the heart. It's as if Atticus Finch of 'Kill a Mockingbird' had put on a general's uniform. <br /> <br /> While Scott was attempting 'warts and all' Patton's portrait, it has been criticized that 'MacArthur' attempts to bypass some of the less attractive qualities of his subject. I think this criticism is fair, particularly in regard to the Korean War. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to confront militarily ignorant and interfering politicians who did not know how to fight in the war and were fired for their pains when victory was within their reach. Many historians, of course, feel that Truman was forced to fire MacArthur because the latter's behavior was becoming a risk to world peace, and he had no choice but to accept a stalemate because Stalin would not have allowed his allies Chinese people were humiliated. Even during Korean scenes, MacArthur de Peck seems more idealistic than his real-life original was probably; We see little of his imprudence and naiveté about political affairs. (Truman's observation "knows as much about politics as a pig knows about Sunday" was said about Eisenhower, but could equally have been applied to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). Maybe the film's attempt to paint some of MacArthur's warts reflects the period in which it was made. The end of the seventies, after the traumas of Vietnam and Watergate, was a difficult time for the United States, and a public in search of consolation could have welcomed a reassuring and heroic representation of a military figure of the previous generation. Another criticism I would make of the film is that it falls between two stools. If it was intended to be a full biography of MacArthur, it should have shown something of his early life, which is not covered at all. (The first thing we see of the general is when he leads the American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). One theme that runs throughout the film is the influence of General MacArthur's father, himself a military hero. I would have liked to see what kind of man Arthur MacArthur was, and why his son considered him a hero and an example to follow. Another interesting way to make the film would have been to focus on Korea and MacArthur's clash with Truman, with the same prominence given to the two men and actors of similar stature. The way the movie was made really seemed less interesting to me than any of these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> However, it would be a mistake to give the impression that I did not like the movie. Although I do not agree with Peck's interpretation of the main role, it can not be denied that he played it with his normal professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of a solid, professional, reflective and informative biographical film. It's a good movie, but one that could have been better. 7/10. <br /> <br /> In a pedantic note, the map shown with MacArthur during the Korean War shows the DMZ, the boundary between the two Korean states that did not exist until after the war. (The pre-war limit was parallel 38). Also, I think MacArthur was referring to the "tocsin" of the war. War can be toxic, but it is difficult to hear with a thirsty ear a toxin.
