When I finished the Hollywood video, I reviewed his liquidation movies and there were DEMONICUS for five buckaroos plus fifty percent discount! I saw it only once before and I could not pass up this great offer! The second vision was much better than the first. The box is great and the music is very good. If you have not yet seen Demonicus, I recommend that you do it or if you rented and hated Demonicus, give it another chance, since another vision can change your mind. If you've seen a copy in Hollywood Video for the price I got, do not let it go because it's a good deal! <br /> <br /> Demonicus is a very different but entertaining movie. Believe it or not. It's like watching an interactive video game without playing. It has a very low budget and actors with whom I am sure that nobody is familiar. We started the videogame uh, I mean filming with a boy and a woman somewhere in Italy and there is a cave that really looks like a railway / rail tunnel and she says do not go there and what he does. The normal! I CAN NOT HEAR YOU! Enter there and find plenty of gladiator artifacts and armor and an almost perfectly preserved body of a legendary gladiator named Tyrannous! Where did Tyrannous's chair come from and how did his body fit so well and where did the kettle pot come from? So each cave is completed with a Caultron Pot? Tyrannous wears his armor, his helmet, and has a weapon or two. He does the dumbest thing a person could do, he puts on his helmet and is taken by the spirit. of tyrants! From there he walks around killing all the nearby campers to bring back the real Tyrannous. <br /> <br /> Now, I said it's like a video game. It's hard to explain, but it seems so. Music even sounds like video games. The acting is really terrible. The actors say things like why he's doing this, he was already crazy and well, since he's crazy, I'm going home. In addition, the film also has some important mistakes such as: A boy is running and trying to find his girlfriend at night and is still running in the day still looking for her without taking a break! <br /> <br /> This movie has some errors but it is not a classic like the werewolf, but it is entertaining if you like movies with a tendency to very low budget errors, so it is better to see Demonicus!
