The effects of work-related stress and the pressures derived from a moral dilemma that confronts the conscience against the obligations of a family business (although only one) led by ... or perhaps the catalyst of ... a midlife crisis, are: examined in the dark and absorbing drama, 'Panic', written and directed by Henry Bromell, and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is a revealing look at how indecision and denial can provoke the internal struggle and the misery that ultimately leads to apathy and that moment of truth when the conflict must, by necessity, be resolved at last. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; He has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), a precocious six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail-order business that leaves the house, as well as his main source of income, the family. 'business he shares with his father, Michael (Sutherland), and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But he is empty; the years of this particular trade have left him numb and distant, putting him in a state of mind that has led him to see a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And to make things worse (or maybe better, depending on the perspective), in the waiting room of Dr. Parks he meets a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose very presence makes him feel alive for the first time since can remember . He quickly becomes another brick in the wall of moral conflict that his work has treated him, as in the days after their meeting, he simply can not stop thinking about it. His whole life, it seems, has become a "situation," one of which seems unable to be successfully removed without harming those he loves. You can deny her age and the fact that, in fact, she has slid into a true middle-aged crisis, but she is about to discover that the problems she faces simply are not going to go away on their own. You are at a crossroads and will have to decide which path to take. And you will have to do it very soon. <br /> <br /> Starting from a concept that is intrinsically interesting, Bromell has created a fascinating study of characters that is insightful and incisive, and presents it in a way that allows moments of reflection that allow the audience to empathize and Understand what Alex is going through. It makes it very clear that there are no simple answers, that in real life there is no easy way out. His characters are well-defined and very real people who represent the diversity found in life and, in addition, within any family unit. The film implies categorically that the sins of the father are transferred irrefutably to the progeny, with consequences and irrevocable effects. When you are growing, you accept your personal environment as that of the world in general; and often, in adulthood, one can begin to realize and understand that in reality there are moral parameters established by each individual who walks on the planet, and that those established by the father may not be conducive to the principles of the child. And it is at that point that Alex finds himself as the story unfolds; ergo, the crisis of middle age, or more specifically, the crisis of consciousness from which you can not escape. It is a powerful message, transmitted in a succinct and subtle way by Bromell, with the help of some outstanding performances by its actors. <br /> <br /> For some time, William H. Macy has been one of the main characters of the character. , creating characters as diverse as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in 'Magnolia', 'The Shoveler in' Mystery Men 'and Jerry Lundegaard in' Fargo '. And that is just a sample of his many achievements. At one point in this film, Sarah mentions the "sad eyes" of Alex, and it is a very revealing comment, since there lies the strength of Macy's performance here, her ability to convey very real emotions in a discreet and credible way that expresses all the internal turmoil that he is experiencing. Consider the scene in which he is lying awake on the bed, looking into the darkness; In that moment of restlessness it is clear that he is dealing, not only with his immediate situation, but with everything that in his life has led him, finally, to this point. In that scene is the sum total of a life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all of which have been successfully suppressed until now; All the things that have always been at the center of Alex's life, only now gradually breaking down his defense mechanisms and finally emerging, demanding confrontation and resolution. It's a complex character created and delivered by Macy with absolute precision that makes Alex truly memorable. It is a character with whom anyone who has faced a situation of seemingly insurmountable odds can relate. It is an excellent work done by one of the best actors in the world. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is also extremely effective; his Michael is sinisterly sinister in a way so real that it is chilling. In fact, it is frightening to consider that there are such people actually walking on the earth. This is not a fiction of a pulp or villain of the James Bond type, but a true personification of evil, which hides behind an external appearance that is so normal that it could be the boy next door, which makes it even more disconcerting . And Sutherland brings everything to life brilliantly, with great performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell looks like Sarah, but her performance (as is the usual case with her) seems somewhat pretentious, although her affected attitude here simply fits the character and is actually a positive aspect of the movie. If only she occasionally turned her energies inward, it would make a tremendous difference in the way she presents her characters. 'Panic', however, is one of your best efforts; A powerful film that, in the end, is a trip worth taking. 9/10. <br /> <br />
