First of all, this was not a three-hour movie: two hours, ten minutes ... the last time I checked the commercials are not really part of a movie! Maybe, however, should it have been a pair of two for a total of about 3 hours? Yes, I would have achieved more, having been able to explore a little more emotion. In general, however, it was an interesting look at the lives of Lucy and Desi. I look at I Love Lucy from time to time and I love it, but I have never read or seen a biography, I never knew anything about their lives off the screen. Because of this movie I do now, but I'm not so sure it's a good thing. Here everything that nobody really needed to know. This was essentially a movie that did not need to be made. But it was created and the reason is because Lucy and Desi are still big stars and certain people in American society feel that the rest of society needs to know EVERYTHING about our television and movie stars. That is definitely not true and very, very sad. <br /> <br /> Anyway, what was shown here in Lucy was pretty good. Two complaints, the actress who played Viv Vance, was not a great casting. And the change from Madeline Zima to Rachel York ... uhhh, how Lucy underwent plastic surgery and, suddenly, is a completely new person? That was not very good. But the story continued and focused on the rocky relationship between Lucy and Desi. No, the children did not show much at all and that was not necessarily a drawback of this movie because, as I said, this was mainly focused on Lucy and Desi. If there had been more time, if the story had been more about Lucy's life, maybe the children would have been there more. But they were not, so we had to see people like Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton very briefly. Wow, that was something of this story that I thought was great: its presence and influence in Lucy's life. Really clean and it's a shame that it has not been explored anymore. Oh good. What was explored was done well, for the most part. Honestly, I do not think I'll ever see this again and I do not think this movie is so memorable. For someone who digs I Love Lucy but is not a big fan of Lucille Ball, this should be an interesting watch. My note for this: B
