Last Christmas, I was lucky to receive one of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne games of my Best Half, but I stopped seeing the final part of the trilogy until yesterday. Given the number of recent trilogies that have stumbled onto the finish line instead of advancing triumphantly through it, I distrusted a bit of approaching "The Bourne Ultimatum" but I really should not have worried. The electric action sequences and the bruising fight scenes combine effortlessly along with clever story lines to make this one of the best action thrillers I can remember seeing and a sublime ending to an excellent series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after an apparent leak about Operation Blackbriar, a new program based on the old Treadstone project, to journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) in The Guardian. Determined to find out more about his half-remembered past, Bourne picks up the trail again, but other members of the CIA, including Deputy Director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn), believe that Bourne himself is the leak and begin to chase the agent Dishonest with renewed vigor. Can Bourne finally find the answers he has been looking for or his old employers silence him forever? <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt a little disappointed with "The Bourne Supremacy", as it discarded the characteristic realism of its action scenes and focused on being a proper spy movie. Not to say he lost it completely, but compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity", it looked more like a slow-burning spy novel than an action thriller. There are no such concerns here: every car accident, hit, kick and shot is heard and felt with visceral delight, but fortunately, it still retains a wonderfully intelligent and exciting spy story in your heart to ground the action. It also brilliantly links the two previous films, providing adequate support for the trilogy as things are explained and expanded until the full picture is exposed. The performances in everything are almost impeccable, even Julia Styles begins to offer more than a sweet eye. The only real disappointment is that this, like the other Bourne films, has little to do with the original novel, but unless you're a Ludlum fan, this is not really a real reason why you do not like a movie like this . The highest caliber. <br /> <br /> Nothing pleases me more than a film that pleasantly surprises me and, in spite of my fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a film full of enough actions that make the bones creak to satisfy the meat. -Habezales, as well as a plot that never threatens to stop paying attention for a single minute. Even in the final reel, you're never completely sure if a happy ending is assured, but if you're a fan of the series or not (and if not, what else do you want?), This is a movie you really must follow. down as soon as possible. It is not surprising that this series forced the producers of Bond films to discard forty-something years of film history to start over. Bourne is a modern spy hero and made recent Bond films look more like Austin Powers in comparison until "Casino Royale" gave the Bond series the reboot he so desperately needed. Losing Jason Bourne's films is a crime worthy of interpretation: go and get a copy of the DVD. However, it's not the Ultimate Bourne collection - limited edition, I'm afraid!
