When the Bourne Identity arrived five years ago, I must confess that I did not like it very much. At that time I was eleven years old, so perhaps I was too young to really get into the story and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago, when Bourne Supremacy arrived, I thought it was a better movie than Identity, but I still did not think it was as good as I expected it to be judged by the trailers. In the last two years, I had been told on numerous occasions that the Bourne films were incredible, many times I had to bite my tongue and not say what I really thought about the movies. Until two months ago, I would not have minded the Bourne Ultimatum, I really had no intention of seeing it. But then I decided to look again at the first two before making abrupt decisions. So I went out and bought the two original movies. And it was a surprise to me when they grabbed me. Identity I found the superior of the two, but Supremacy is not far behind. Both are ingenious, action-packed and exciting film pieces that I have seen numerous times since I bought them. Because of this, today I was in the front row to see the Bourne Ultimatum. And the boy Bourne Ultimatum did not disappoint! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in the Bourne films, I had seen him in the talented Mr. Ripley, but I never thought much about him in general. However, it seems that he was born to play Bourne (sorry for the play on words). Throughout this series, we have seen the change of character before our eyes, in this film we see Matt Damon at his best, even better than him in The Departed and I thought it was one of the best things in The Departed. You really find yourself taking care of the character and waiting for him to discover everything. Matt Damon plays the role with a calm intensity and you always find his character extremely believable. The cast of the film was also quite exceptional. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne Supremacy, here she stands out herself. Your character is also very believable and has some superbly accomplished moments towards the end of the movie. Julia Stiles reappears as Nicky and we finally learn a little about her character. Julia Stiles is an actress very underestimated and I think she deserves many more papers, very decent roles, which she gets. David Strathairn is a newcomer to this series as Noah Vosen, he's definitely the bad guy in the movie and he really excels. He is definitely the most unpleasant character we have ever met, and some of the decisions he makes are really unpleasant. Strathairn loves paper and he also gets some excellent scenes in the movie. Special mention must also to Albert Finney, who makes the most of his brief screen time, I will not say anything about the character, it is better to leave it as a surprise, but believe me that his scenes are some of the highlights of the film. <br /> <br /> Bourne films have always had a strict focus on plot rather than action sequences, this does not mean that the trilogy lacks sequences of action, my God, there are not many of they spread throughout the cinema. . But running throughout the film is a well-written and well-acted story. This story concludes in the best way imaginable in this movie. While looking at Supremacy the night before to see Ultimatum, it was nice because I could notice certain small parts. That final scene in Supremacy, in New York, much more important than I ever imagined at that moment. I will not spoil it for people, but I recommend checking Supremacy before seeing Ultimatum. Unfortunately, although for many people it will go to see Ultimatum simply by the action sequences. This is the part where I should condemn those people and say that they should see them in the story, but I would be lying if I did not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series in general are car chases. The mini car chase at Identity is one of my favorite chases of all time. Well, the action in Ultimatum has to be the best in the Bourne series. In fact, the movie starts with a sequence of action in Moscow. Then, during the duration of the film, we received numerous stabs, all very violent and surprisingly brutal. A bicycle chase that is absolutely amazing, many foot chases that are even more amazing, an exciting car chase that is unforgettable, and much more! But the highlight for me has to be the scene at the Waterloo station, it will not ruin it, but for some reason I grabbed it. <br /> <br /> So, is there a flaw for the movie? In my opinion no, but if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two, then I would not recommend Ultimatum. The film is not about winning over new fans, as it adheres to what the franchise does best and just adds a little more history and action sequences to the top. The Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the series and the best blockbuster of 2007. As a fan of James Bond, it is a great honor for me to say that Ultimatum is much better than most Bond films, and trusts my. A lot for me to say that. While Bourne in general is not a better franchise than the Bond series, it's definitely about the same.
