I've never been afraid to say that most action movies just do not do anything for me. Most of the time they are shameless vehicles to blow things up, show off sensual models and throw any appearance of reality or intelligence out the window. That said, the Bourne series has been fantastic. Doug Liman ushered in a new take on action by using a more realistic film style, showing the fights with all his strength and making our super spy is someone with whom we can relate emotionally and humanly. This is not the absurdity of science fiction that was Bond (before they did a revision in the style of this series, nothing less). There was much to worry about when the Supremacy of Bourne came out. With the direction of director Paul Greengrass, what could have been a second-hand copy of the original ended up being an improvement in style and style. The bets were raised and the story was improved because of it. Greengrass must receive a lot of credit for being able to keep up appearances with the latest installment, The Bourne Ultimatum. In what is an amazing conclusion to a top-level trilogy, the action is taken to a new level and history and performance are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Once again, Bourne is brought to the mind of the CIA on false pretexts. Someone has leaked information about the Treadstone update called Blackbriar and once Bourne is trying to converse with the journalist who broke the story, he is supposed to be the mole. Only Pamela Landy, who was in the case to find him in Supremacy, knows that he can not be the one. Bourne's motive has always been to stay away from the government and live his life in peace. It has been the CIA who has left it uncovered to cause them havoc. What just happened is that Bourne also wants to know the source to finally discover the truth of who he is and what made him a murderer. The film, then, becomes a fight against time and each other to find the source and see if the government can close the gap and tie all the loose ends, or if Bourne can take revenge on those who took his life. br /> <br /> In what is probably the simplest story in the series, with a single pursuit that lasts the entire story, it has possibly the biggest cast of characters and delivery of loyalties to expose the corruption that has been behind. The progression of the complete story. However, this is not a detriment at all, since it allows more fights and car chases that work in the full context of the plot. Admission to this film is worth the fight for the apartment, between Bourne and the second active CIA, alone. The chase when jumping through the windows in Madrid is great by itself, but when they finally meet, we have a fight of ten minutes or more that is as stimulating to watch as in any scene you see. In addition, instead of using a massive car chase as a climatic piece like in the first two movies, instead, we have three small-scale road races, just as intense, but staggered enough to not clog the action in the monotony. <Br /> <br /> After five years of waiting, we also discovered the origin of our favorite operation with heart and feeling. At the end of the film, we will discover what has been the cause of all the espionage and destruction that have taken place around it. No one could have done better than Matt Damon. He has the physique and attitude to be credible in the action sequences, but also the range to achieve the moments of intelligence and the correspondence between the cat and the mouse with those who are against him. Joan Allen takes up his role with the same dedication to his work, but also a little more disenchantment for what happens around him after the character of Brian Cox, of the first two films, took things into their own hands. By needing a role in that mold, David Strathairn gives us a good turn. Like Cox, he is working at the top of the food chain and does not respond to anyone when he makes a decision. With so much trying to cover any connection with your Blackbriar program managers as he is trying to fulfill his duty to his country, you can never calculate what he will be able to do. Even little ones do a wonderful job, like Paddy Considine as the reporter who starts filtering at the center of everything, Albert Finney as a man from Bourne's past and possibly key to his origin, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the agents of the CIA sent. to get Bourne out Ramirez is a good addition to the role Clive Owen (Identity) has played successfully, Karl Urban and Martin Csokas (Supremacy). He does not talk much, in any case, but he has the impassive robotic appearance and efficiency and, hopefully, he will get more roles to show what he can do by publishing a good turn in Domino. <br /> <br /> In the end, we must congratulate Paul Greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and bring this series to a conclusion that is based on the success of his predecessors instead of destroying them. His ability to see the hand up close is amazing and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without the cuts that provoke the attacks. Instead of feeling like overproduction, their use of the hand improves the environment and puts it directly into action. We also give credit to director of photography Oliver Wood, who shot the three Bourne films. He was able to work with both directors and work his style in a beautiful harmony with them.
