This was basically an attempt to do the same with "Batman" that was made with "Gilligan's Island" in "Surviving Gilligan's Island". For those of you who missed it (and it's a pity!) "Survive on Gilligan Island" (full title: "Surviving on Gilligan Island: The incredibly true story of the longest three-hour tour of the history ") was a special from a few years ago, where Bob Denver (" Gilligan "), Dawn Wells (" Mary Ann ") and Russell Johnson (" The Professor ") told the story of the creation, cancellation, rediscovery and rebirth of the Program. Along the way, the stories were dramatized with actors portraying the cast and original team. It was very well done. It was fun, well cast and presented as a genuine document of the show. <br /> <br /> "Return to Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt" is in a similar style. The re-narration of the history of the show, the recreations, the general feeling are all the same. What is missing is the direct approach that "Surviving" took. <br /> <br /> In "Return", both Adam West and Burt Ward receive invitations to a car show to which they were not intended to be invited. After they were allowed to stay, Adam and Burt witness the theft of the centerpiece of the show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to pursue it themselves, guiding them through clues that make them think about the history of the show. This finally leads to the revelation of who stole the Batmobile and why. <br /> <br /> The choice to use this conceit (actually having a plot) is the biggest disappointment of this show. Unlike "Survive", "Return" forces the viewer to follow a less interesting story (the theft of the Batmobile) instead of focusing all their attention on what would interest the public most (the history of the show). Historical sections that work best. The casting (as in "Survive") is excellent. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") capture the sensation of the actors without looking too much like them. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") looks more like his subject, but captures nothing of the deceased Gorshin's charm, only his characterizations. Portraits of other actors are short and functional, with none standing out as especially good or bad. Many of the stories have been told previously, but mostly they are developed in a fun way, with only a few awkward presentations. Another wonderful part of the historical sections was the use of hearing images from the Lyle Wagoner test for the Batman part. The only place where flashbacks fail is when they insert plot points invented to advance the main story. This reduces the accuracy of the flashbacks unnecessarily. <br /> <br /> The "main plot" (if that is how we should call it) is, of course, ridiculous. This is not really a flaw in itself, but it just does not get along well enough to cover the deficit. Good performances and good writing can compensate an absurd plot (especially in this kind of thing) but here we really do not have any. The performances of West and Ward seem somewhat flat (even for them); The dialogue too written to make it feel natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Surviving on Gilligan Island" can be seen in that the dialogue is mostly right there to set a flashback. In "Survive", that's all it pretends to be. In "Return" he tries to do double duty and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Newmar do it well (although I agree with the others that Gorshin had not aged well and that Newmar had done it, and what is Wagoner doing to look so good?) But they are not given enough to do so. Once again, I think everyone would have been better served by a more direct presentation than the one chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another strange point about "Return". This special is about the television series "Batman" and its history, although all the clips that are shown are from the theatrical movie. Even Wagoner's images are technically movie images. If you know it is a "bat record", then you know that you originally planned to make the movie first, but then it was delayed in favor of the television show when CBS needed to complete the time quickly. So when Wagoner and West tried the paper, it was for the movie, not for the television show. Why "Return" only uses movie images is not clear. Most likely it has to do with rights issues, but it is a different distraction for those who know: see Julie Newmar in the present, but only the images of Lee Meriwether as Catwoman in the past. <br /> <br /> In general I liked the show, mainly because of the flashbacks. I would have preferred the style used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island", but I can understand why they would want a piece more oriented to the story given the theme. Also, I like these people. It's good to see them go out and have fun with one of the great pieces of entertainment history. I just wish they had done it a little better and when more of the original cast was still alive to be there.
