I have not liked many post-1990 television shows, but ESO 70S SHOW is great. I never saw him during his first race, thinking about a piece of the fantasy period, I was wrong! I started watching repetitions and the more I looked, the more I liked them! Now, it's the only program released after 1990 that I see regularly. <br /> <br /> Although THATS 70S SHOW mimics some of the styles, attitudes, music and tastes of the 70s, it does not intermingle. That decade to go overboard with the references and the look of the 70s. It contains a dialogue so funny, witty and scathing that it is delivered with confidence and certainty by its main cast, which surpasses the clichés of the 70 with just being comedians. Humor is what makes the show can be seen forever. <br /> <br /> Although a hilarious comic comedy, regardless of the time period, the uniqueness of making fun of the 70 works in your favor, as it gives the program a signature identity. But it is the focus on universal issues (family problems, adolescent angst, marital problems, peer pressure), dealing with all of them with comical aplomb, which gives the show a massive appeal. <br /> <br /> The center of the program is an Eric Forman (played to absolute comic perfection by future superstar Grace Topher). Eric is a super skinny, geeky and non-athletic teenager, and he's still super cool because of Grace's brilliant self-deprecation. Eric has 5 friends: Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played respectively by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama). We can see life in Point Place, Wisconsin, through the eyes of these 6 teenagers. We have a lot to see! Donna, a visionary feminist, is the object of Eric's affection and these two have the central relationship of the program. They become a couple soon after the start of the show and are NEVER a boring couple. Most of the EPS programs end with a meaningful conversation about them and their future, and it works like a great insightful collector, who functions as a perfect counter for previous hilarity. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon moves in with the Formans when his mother leaves him; Hyde is the sweet, zen, cool of the group and just sits, observes and mocks his friends with simple aplomb. Kelso is the mute of the group and Kutcher does it with all the strength, showing an incredible physical comedy and telling some of the most absurdly funny ideas and stories in history. Jackie, who starts out as Kelso's girlfriend, is a self-absorbed verbose cheerleader, and initially is only accepted as part of Kelso's b / c group, but manages to ingratiate herself to the point where they all have to accept. its! And finally, Fez! Fez is the exchange student from an unknown country (we never know exactly where) and he is a scene thief. "I said good day!" "Son of a b * tch!" Valderama only has a foreign accent here, since he does not have one in reality and always has a character and creates one of the most unique characters that I have seen. His moments of scene stealing often help me make the show. <br /> <br /> The show takes us constantly to the minds and thoughts of these characters through attractive fantasy scenes of how they would like or imagined things to be. The gang repeatedly gets into trouble (most on purpose). They constantly gag the residents of Point Place, as well as others. They spend most of their time in Eric's basement planning, pontificating, or just playing. <br /> <br /> Also highlighted in the show are Eric's parents, the threatening, the red who hates peers and the adorable and happy - the lucky Kitty (played memorably by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These 2 adults give the show a very necessary mature point of view and they constantly scold and advise the 6 new wells. Red and Kitty are ably supported by Donna's parents, the buffoon Bob (played beautifully by the complete career of Don Stark) and the blonde bimbo daft Midge (the super sexy Tanya Roberts, who was on the show for almost half of the career). In addition, for 3 full seasons, Eric's sister from hell Laurie (played brilliantly by the impersonator of the evil Farrah-Fawcett, Lisa Robin Kelly) was a great relief to counter the scams of the top 6 and be Eric's thorn and His parents. 'sides! Kelly returned as a guest character for a few Seasons 5 eps. But, unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems led her to be replaced by a terrible new actress in Season 6. The rookie did not last, thankfully, and left after a few Seasons 6 eps! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, at the end of season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and at the beginning of season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and never recovered, as season 8 turned out to be the last. However, Grace and Kutcher returned for the end of the series, giving the show a satisfying ending. <br /> <br /> Lots of excellent support and cameo characters would help keep the show fresh through nostalgia and humor. The best support players were eternally tall Leo (played to the fullest by Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (the fantastic comic Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also have legends Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) to play the mothers of Red and Kitty, respectively. Many famous cameos from the 70s also appeared, from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW), Charo, Ted Nugent and K.I.S.S. Go and go! <br /> <br /> With great nostalgic tributes and references from the 70s, hilarious dialogues and delivery and a comedy style for nonsensical comedians and no prisoners, THAT 70S SHOW is a classic of television.
