['Over the years, we&#39;ve seen a lot of absurd things done by writers when the show simply had to continue no matter what, following &quot;8 Simple Rules&quot; after John Ritter&#39;s death comes to mind, but this is probably the first time I cared The idea of having &quot;That 70&#39;s Show&quot; without Eric or, to a lesser extent, Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to cover it up with a reappearance of Leo and increasingly scandalous story lines, but I always felt like why bother when you no longer have a main character. It just did not really connect, it was a lot of unrelated things that happened that most of the time were not even funny. The last season it seemed to me that the season was too much for each character, simply because Eric used to spend a lot of time on the screen and now we would be surprised by how rancid and repetitive the rest of the characters were. Focusing on the trick that is Fez was not anything interesting and the character would simply stop working, because the whole thing was that he would say something weird out of nowhere, and you can not say anything out of the blue when every second line is yours. They also brought in the standard cousin Oliver, only this time he was not a boy. Every time you heard someone knock on the door, you started praying because it was not Randy, please, let it not be Randy. The deal with Randy was that he would make really horrible jokes, usually as Red would say, smiling like an imbecile and totally ruining the delivery and Donna would be on point. I think more than half of last season was Donna pretending to be fun. However, the problems had started before: what was once a really great show with an equally great concept that, for once, was not a dysfunctional family that was slowly entering the territory of the soap opera. Everyone began to fall in love with everyone, the emotional scenes were dragged to nausea, with only a joke, usually unconvincing, placed somewhere to divert the attention we were seeing &quot;As The World Turns.&quot; I guess this was a development of the character, but of course, this was written almost as clumsily as the moral lessons of &quot;Family Matters&quot;. To be fair, the last episode, also because he had a cameo by Topher Grace (a cameo on his own show), was really good, although it was not as much fun either. <br /><br /> By the way, there are still more criticisms in season 8: what the hell was the opening theme? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a character that does not sing), Fez scared me a lot. Friend, do not open your eyes so far. But the first five seasons more or less, among the best comedies ever aired.']
