How does a normal day start in Point Place, Wisconsin ... <br /> <br /> First, Red, the tyrannical father of the Forman family and veteran of World War II, sits at the table of the He cooks and reads his newspaper while his wife is full of joy. Kitty serves breakfast. Then comes his skinny son, Eric, he also sits at the table, and his father starts screaming every day, usually involving putting his foot behind Eric if (insert the reason here). If her promiscuous angel-faced sister, Laurie, is at home, she comes, then Red stops shouting and talks kindly, which makes Eric feel excluded from the family. <br /> <br /> Once in this daily (painful) ritual is over, Eric rushes down to his basement, where all his friends are already dating. And when we get to see them, it becomes obvious that Eric and his redheaded redheaded girlfriend, her neighbor next door and her childhood friend Donna Pinciotti are the healthiest people there are. Meet Steven Hyde, the conspiracy theorist who hates nightclubs and does not really care about what's around him while it's not fun to watch him; Michael Kelso, the kind of person who thinks that he will spend his life just because of his appearance and that the carrots grow on the trees; Jackie Burkhardt, who considers herself to be the most beautiful girl, a spoiled girl with a rich father and, of course, a cheerleader; and Fez, a naive but overexploited foreigner who loves sweets and can not keep a secret. At first they just get together, gossip and make fun of Kelso, but then they all sit in a circle and let the real fun begin ... before going out to do something that they will regret later. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Red goes out and meets the strange parents of Donna, Bob and Midge. It's rude, but they do not care, since they think he's kidding. Somewhere nearby is Leo, an aging hippie, who is constantly confused and plays with words without even realizing it. <br /> <br /> Can you imagine that seemingly peaceful neighborhood with all these incredible characters? Of course, most seem "cliché", but the show takes the cliché to a new level. Now include some of the most perverse story lines that a comedy can offer, sit back and enjoy one of the best television shows. The one who never does the same thing twice and who is, in comparison with most of the comedies that are "funny", purely hysterical. If you get hooked, do not let this show let you go. Bite the hook again and again and, man, you will see the genre of comedies from a completely new perspective.
