Before seeing this, I simply expected another mediocre copy of the soft core of the much-imitated "Emmanuelle" series, starring Sylvia Kristel. It was really amazing how good this turned out to be. Actually it has a story, and it's very romantic. What makes 'Yellow Emanuelle' so good is its main heroine, the beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She plays her character, Emy Wong so sweetly, that the viewer only has to feel something for her when her dreams crash around her. Emy Wong is a very respected, sculptural doctor with a real quality. She comes from an old important family, where old customs are still practiced. Emy will remain a virgin until she is married, with a man she has never met. The beautiful doctor seems fine with this marriage arranged. It is simply how it is done in your world. However, he does not plan to meet and fall in love with the British pilot who ends up in his care at the hospital where he works. Emy decides to end the custom and gives herself to her Western man. But only after a very long procession, since Dr. Wong is not an easy woman. His pilot, George, is a good guy and promises to marry Emy, so he does not lose his respectability and place in his rigid society. Neither of them has a third, an Ilona Staller, which destroys their relationship through a series of vicious games. Emy is made to believe that she has been abandoned by her man, that she only played a game with her to sleep with her. Your place in society has gone, it has been degraded. The film takes a surprisingly dramatic and depressing turn as this proud and elegant woman abandons her career, as well as a sweet relationship with her loving father and succumbs to a life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself so absorbed in this operatively tragic account. I was on the edge of my seat when George returns to the city and, unknowingly, enters a hotel where his beautiful Emy is working as a prostitute. Classical drama I imagine that many spectators were a little frustrated by all this drama. One would expect a lot of sex and nudity here, but there is not much. And when there is, it is totally non-exploitative, and very artistic and smooth. If you are a fan of the first Emmanuelle, with Sylvia Kristel, you will most likely appreciate this lesser-known classic. I was especially impressed by the extra attention to detail. The whole segment in which Emy takes George to his parents' house on the island is really nice. His father shows George and the viewer his impressive collection of Bonzai trees. He has a whole miniature forest built of these incredible trees. Totally unexpected. After listening to it on cable television night many years ago, I spent a lot of time searching the Internet for a copy of the movie. When I finally found it, I found that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. For the release of the DVD there is a secondary argument that George suddenly collapses with an unknown deadly disease! Actually I prefer the cable version better. I'm glad that this rare gem has finally been released on DVD. I must also mention the beautiful cinematography and the strange and sticky soundtrack of the 70s. While you watch this one, you only have the feeling that you are seeing something very strange and very special. I recommend it to reflective spectators who do not need sex and violence to maintain their interest.
