I'm Curious (Yellow) (a film, in close to the sound rhyme, it is said from the beginning that it will be available in two versions, Yellow and Blue) was one of those great artistic successes that was first an important sensation in Sweden. a great scandal / cause-celebrity in the United States when the only impression was in the customs and reached the Supreme Court. What is powerful in today's image is not so much what might offend what is revealed in sex or nudity: the director / "actor" Vilgot Sjoman films the various scenes in such a way that there is an abundance of flesh and genitalia and the occasional little graphic, but it is always more, therefore an intellectual expression that very lustful, but the audacity of the attempt of a 'pure metafilm' at the same time that makes a true statement about the state of affairs in Sweden. Who knew that these things in a generally peaceful country (that is, normally neutral in foreign affairs and wars) could be so politically burdened? At least, that's part of Sjoman's goal here. <br /> <br /> As a filmmaker like Dusan Makavajev with some of his works as WR (if not as surreal and deranged) or, to a lesser extent, Bertolucci, Sjoman is willing to mix politics and sex (mainly politics and strata) social) in the middle of making a comment about the personification of a character in a movie. The two characters, Lena and Borje, have a coldly hot relationship in the story of the film, where Lena is a "curious" socialist-aspirant who manifests in the street for non-violence and "trains" in a cabin in the forest to become a fully functional one, while at the same time you may be too curious about your boyfriend car salesman. And as this happens, which is enough for a movie, Sjoman inserts himself and his team from time to time as they make this story in the movie (there's even a big middle ground through where, like in a concert of rock, the title cards are completed during a break in filming who the team is, denying having to use end credits!) Then, with this other dynamic, Sjoman offers a real performance, not just a "hey, I'm the director who plays the director "little. <br /> <br /> At first, it is possible that this structure is not obtained and that I am Curious (Yellow) is just a movie in which Lena is a documentary interviewer who asks subjects about their thoughts about the class, Socialism, Spain and Franco, and from time to time we see the father of Lena or Bjore. But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is as slippery as for the viewer, one has to stay alert; It is impressive that so many years in an image can surprise without being afraid to mix dramatic narrative, documentary, film inside a movie and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, who also acts as a quasi guru for Lena. It may not always be a completely coherent political analysis, but it does not feel misleading or even with a satirical agenda like Godard's; the satire that Sjoman looks for is similar to a Godard but in another wavelength. His anarchy is playful, but not completely loaded with semantics or tricks that could delay the less initiated viewer. <br /> <br /> If I am curious (yellow), it stands as an intellectual enterprise and a complete journey to explore. Sex in a way that was and captivates by how much it shows and how comfortable it seems to be for the actors, is not entirely successful, I think, as an emotional experience. When Bergman did it with a T with a purely emotional film with deconstruction tendencies, Sjoman is more apt to connect with specific ideas, whereas in reality he does not direct very well when it comes time to make big or subtle scenes with the actors. Occasionally it works if only for the actors, Lena Nyman (mostly spectacular here in a performance that asks her to turn an ambitious but confused girl into someone friendly and vulnerable even) and Borje Ahlstedt (a very realistic counterpoint to the volatile Lena ). but about 40 years later it is difficult to connect completely with everything that happens in the internal film of Lena and Borje, since (perhaps intentionally) Sjoman fills him with clichés (Borje has a girlfriend and a boy, will he leave her?) to his father) and a hard-line narrative of his star type. <br /> <br /> And yet, despite the flaws that Sjoman may have, ironically, considering he means that it is a comment on himself, I am curious (Yellow) holds up wonderfully as an artistic experiment when testing the waters of what could be done in the Swedish cinema, or prove what could not be and fold it for a provocative and comical use. I would even dare to say that it is influential, and probably has been copied or imitated in more ways than one because it was a cult phenomenon in its time (a specific technique used, with the film rewound towards the end, has an echo in a poorer use in Funny Games), and it should be seen by anyone interested in getting into the forefront or in making meta-movies. If it is not an artistic break as outstanding as W.R. Last Tango, it's very close.
