In a future society, the military component does not have to recruit; rather, their candidates are elected at birth, selected from nurseries and appointed to spend their entire lives in government service. They surrender to the war machine, body and soul, for no other reason than to protect and serve; they have no other personal identity than a name and rank, and they have no autonomy. This is the fate of those whose fate is predetermined for them in `Soldier ', directed by Paul Anderson and starring Kurt Russell. The scenario is difficult and somber, since the film begins by describing the training of soldiers during periods of advance, from preadolescence to adulthood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we glimpse his career when he fulfills his duties in an exemplary manner campaign after campaign; He is what he was born to be, a soldier. But even the best can not last forever, and the day comes when Todd and his teammates are no longer the elite. A new generation of soldiers, advanced genetics products and technology has been created, and Todd's generation is suddenly obsolete. What follows is the story of a man who must fight for his life, while struggling to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, new traits for a soldier who has only known two things in his life: fear and discipline. Russell gives an imposing performance as Todd, the soldier who, above all, must obey orders without questioning while suppressing all emotions and individual thoughts. He has few lines in this movie, but Russell speaks volumes with his eyes. This role proves that he is, in fact, one of the least appreciated actors of our times; That he can disappear so completely in the character of Todd is a merit of his ability, and with this part he has created someone very different from anything he has done before. And it has given Todd a depth and credibility that someone of lesser talent could have interpreted as nothing more than a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum) also provide remarkable performances. Rounding out the supporting cast are Jason Scott Lee, memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson has presented an action movie with a message, a warning story that transcends the science fiction genre. 'Soldier' ​​reminds us of the importance of keeping the humanity of our lives intact. It is an entertaining way of making us consider alternatives, like a bleak future and a world in which good movies would not make much difference. Like '1984' and 'Mad Max', this film, which is ultimately edifying, will make you stop and think about the kind of universe in which we should all live together and share. I qualify this 7/10.
