Why do I like the DISORGANIZED CRIME so much? Why do I laugh or laugh out loud every time I think of a dozen or more scenes from this movie? It's a little hard to explain, but I'll try. First, it's a lot of fun, in contrast to what many of the "official" comments want you to believe. But, again, that depends entirely on your sense of humor, so there's no point in arguing about that. Often the humor is in the dialogue, and often it is a situational comedy. There is, for example, this very hilarious scene in which the 4 members of the gang have received an elevator in the back of a truck. When the farmer drops them, they stand by the road, covered in cow shit or whatever. They are totally enervated; then, realizing the humor of the scene, one by one they begin to laugh at themselves, and Rubén Blades (like Carlos), with a terrible look (and certainly sniffing), strangely bizarre a bit of mouth spray to at least do something with his breathing (simply Describing the scene here makes me laugh again!). What leads to the second point: the performance. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (well, the latter sometimes exceeds a bit) all fit together and play their roles perfectly. In fact, you have the feeling that they must also be having fun. rolling the movie. Third, there is the plot. Jim Kouf, the director and screenwriter, is very relaxed; He takes his time to let the plot unfold and make the individual characters establish themselves. Most of the time, there is no real action and, nevertheless, you enjoy these 4 very different people, who try to steal a bank, although their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to present himself, complaining about each other and even informally, reluctantly. , like each other. The film is a fantastic parody of the typical bank robbery plot: totally impossible with all its twists and turns, but completely convincing in its love of ironic details. By the way, the title of the film is one of the best I've found, because it perfectly sums up the plot in a very ironic way. So, take my advice: look at this movie, but if you do not laugh, smile or smile for the first 10 minutes, forget it, it's not your kind of movie. P.S. The only negative thing about this movie is that there seems to be no way to get the script: if you know how, tell me.
