I like this movie for several reasons. I have a weakness for movies about intricately plotted criminal conspiracies like TOPKAPI. I also enjoy movies (like TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that falsify the genre. One of the best is DISORGANIZED CRIME. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen has faced four cons over the years, and decides they can be useful in a robbery of a bank he is planning in a small town in Montana. But he has not given any details about the crime to his companions, nor do they really know each other well. Shortly after sending for them, Bernsen is arrested by two New Jersey policemen (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck) from whom he had escaped before and has an order to bring him back. While he is in his custody, the four cons (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades and Will Russ) appear without an idea as to why they are there, except that Bernsen was planning something. <br /> <br /> The first twenty minutes of the film deal with the four cons that are slowly getting used to it, with Gwynne and Philips managing to eliminate their own suspicions to discover that they have to trust each other. At the same time, we see Bernsen patiently waiting for the right moment to escape from O'Neill and Roebuck again, it is not too difficult since they are not the brightest light bulbs that ever existed. The result is two sets of plots that will remain juxtaposed with each other throughout the film: the four cons trying to discover what Bernsen's scheme was and how to put it into operation, and Bernsen tries to keep his own freedom from his pursuers and recovers his cabin (and I hope he finds his gang there to take over). There is also a third, smaller plot, involving the growing annoyance and anger of local Sheriff Hoyt Axton against the New Jersey idiots who keep getting into his hair. <br /> <br /> There are many wonderful moments in the movie, like Axton, incited by O'Neil and Roebuck, to surround a house in the city where Bernsen is supposed to be hiding inside, and scream (through from a megaphone, "Get out, we've got you surrounded!", just for the scene to change to a big one, Montana, of course Bernsen is struggling and stumbling across miles from where the police think he is at that moment. of misadventures on the part of our four cons, who fortunately put the oldest (Gwynne) in the leadership.This position does not always guarantee anything.At a certain moment, your car does not start and you have to ride in a truck. that transports manure. <br /> <br /> The conclusion with the gang successfully carry out the theft, including disabling all police cars The critical moment (the specialty of Philips are the cars) is also a jewel of results of time, suspend So and comedians, the movie is very entertaining, and it's certainly worth seeing.
