The first time I saw this movie was when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately I could not see it until the end because it was broadcast late at night. Now I bought it on DVD because I can remember that I liked it. <br /> <br /> This really is not a common horror movie. It has some elements of terror, but rather I categorize it as fantasy. I liked it, but I expected a little more horror and scary scenes. Especially the scene in which Anna's father enters the paper house trying to kill her is a bit short. <br /> <br /> Now to the plot. This movie is about a young girl named Anna who gets sick. While she is sick and has to lie down in her bed due to her great height, she has finished drawing on a house: the paper house. When you fall asleep, which often happens strangely immediately, you are near the house in a large green field. She realizes that the house is exactly like the one she has drawn and that every new detail also appears in her dreams. One day she takes a child to the house to have someone to talk to. While he forgets to draw his legs (because he is sitting behind a window) the child can not walk. Later, the doctor tells him that a child also has this strange disease and that he realizes that with the child he has drawn, he also caused that child to enter into his disturbing dreams. He also realizes that it is increasingly difficult to wake up from his dreams. As she misses her father, who is often abroad, she takes her father home. She makes a mistake and her father looks very angry at the painting. She tries to expel him but realizes that she can not change anything that is already drawn. And the next time he falls asleep the horror begins. His father is crazy and blind (because he draws a shit in his head to mark him as "invalid") and tries to get into the paper house and kill Anna and her friend. His dreams became a horrible nightmare. They manage to escape and kill their father and Anna can finally wake up. That Anna finds herself in the hospital where her parents are sitting next to her bed. The doctors thought he had fallen into a coma more or less. They tell Anna that the other child died and that they want to travel to the ocean to overcome these tragic events. Anna draws a watchtower and realizes that the same watchtower can be found near the hotel they traveled to. She runs to the watchtower and meets the child (I do not mention her name because I can not remember it and I do not want to go back to the previous html page) and I can say goodbye to him and forget those terrible dreams forever. <br /> <br /> There were some things that I did not understand in the movie. First of all it was the end that I do not like. I think it's too long, while the main part of the movie becomes a bit too short. How does the child fly a helicopter and talk to Anna when she is supposed to be dead? Why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated that scene because it was so silly to me. It almost ruined the main terror scene. <br /> <br /> The things I liked were the scene with the photograph of Anna's father, which was the first real scene of terror and terror. I liked the guy. The actor was amazing. He was even better than Anna. I also liked how Anna tries to get her father out of the painting while she is asleep and how he looks for her in the trash. <br /> <br /> In general, a good movie. I give it an 8 out of 10.
