My name is John Mourby and this is my story about Paperhouse: in May of 2003 I saw the psychology of Alfred Hitchcock, I was very scared and deeply disturbed. I started a frantic search for a movie that scared the same way. But none was satisfactory. Among the tried and failed were The birds, The night of the living dead, The silence of the lambs, The project of the witch Blair, Ring, The dead of evil, The sixth sense, 28 days later, The massacre Texas, Halloween, Near Dark. Alien, Peeping Tom, The Cell, Rosemary's Baby, Do not Look Now, Witchfinder General, Friday the 13th and The Omen. That should confirm that he was desperate! Long after I stopped looking, I found out about Paperhouse ????. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on a favorite book I have, called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse had also appeared in some of the books I had found in horror films, but they did not tell me about the link between book and film. I discovered the truth while on the Internet, I bought the movie later that day. <br /> <br /> I thought Paperhouse would not be faithful to the book and bored. Without a doubt, he was unfaithful, but certainly not. It was the answer to my prayers. Marianne was renamed Anna in the movie, but most of the original story is the same. One day at school, Anna draws a house in her scrapbook (there's nothing surprising in that), she gets sick and every time she faints or falls asleep she finds herself outside an old and spooky house (and I mean genuinely disconcerting). In addition, he also discovers that every time he puts something new in the drawing, he appears in the world of dreams, for example, an apple tree. Anna brings to the world of dreams a very sad child named Mark who is apparently a person in the real world. Mark is a cripple but wants to leave the house, thankfully Anna draws on a lighthouse (a place to go), but the problem remains that Mark can not walk. So Anna decides to attract her father inside. She pulls out her pencil and gets too much work, but the result is distorted and disturbing, Anna's eyes are disgusted. Appointment "looks like a crazy". Then, Anna tries to rub it and start again, but the pencil is indelible (that means you can not erase anything). Then Anna loses patience and scratches her father's eyes! I also leave you to discover the terrible consequences of hasty action. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is really the British answer to A Nightmare on elm Street! The visualization of this movie left me in shock and upset. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The question is how does the dose compare with the psycho? Answer, 1 the old dark house, 2 psychological fears of the parents, 3 a genuine shock, 4 and very scary music.
