Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to faint and be carried away by a world of her own creation. A dark world that he drew with a sad child as an inhabitant of an old, disorderly house in the middle of a lonely field. Without details, like any child who draws in the house and its inhabitant Marc (who can not walk because Anna did not do it with any leg) are inhabitants of this world of purgatory / limbo. Anna begins to visit the child and the home more often trying to find out what is what and in the process tries to help save the child, but her fever is making it harder to wake up each time and may not only kill her, but I caught her. and Marc there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! It's a good word to summarize Bernard Rose's brilliant and disturbing poetic paper house. A film so simple that it is almost impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you can find this puppy in your horror section, it's nothing. It is rather a serious fantasy, directed by experts and exceptionally well acted by its cast, in particular Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And, nevertheless, it is not a movie for children either, but it is destined to make us remember those days without worries of yesteryear that are now only dark memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry of moodiness that creates an exciting backdrop for the brilliant story and the great actors to play with. Paperhouse stays away from trying to explain his most dreamy qualities and leaves most things to the imagination of the viewers. There is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your teeth. Paperhouse enjoys playing games with the minds of the spectators, absorbing you with his own sense of reasoning. As the story unfolds, I was impressed again and again by how powerful the film managed to get to the end, which left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eyes. <br /> <br /> The images of Bernard Rose are bright here. It is capable of creating a dismally gloomy atmosphere that seems simple on the surface, but in general it is much greater than the sum of its parts. The performance is by the young Charlotte Burke in this, her debut in the feature film, is also really impressive. Unfortunately it has not appeared on the screen since then. A well-deserved Central Burnout award seems only appropriate for that performance. Towards the end, the film is delayed a bit here and there, but I could easily overlook it. I wish they had taken a darker turn creating a much more powerful ending that would have proved even more disconcerting and really fascinating in retrospect. The movie as it is, is still one for books and deserves to be seen by any serious movie lover. It is a poetic journey told through the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which there is much to reflect and much more to praise.
