I miss the Vestron company, sure that in the eighties they were aware of the rhythm of the unique and unusual cinema. This is very evident with the amazing Paperhouse, a film that moves me deeply every time I see it. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a girl who manipulates a world of dreams with her drawings (in this way the world of dreams manipulates reality.), and also connect with and affect the life of a boy who never He has known, is fascinating and never disappoints. At first, Charlotte Burke seems pretty precocious, and yet you get excited about her because, being a little naughty, it makes it hard for adults to believe what she's experiencing. She becomes very self-conscious and strong towards the end, even discovering that she does not "hate children", as she so defiantly asserted at the beginning. Through this, we gave away many touching moments and some terrifyingly terrifying, all visually stunning with a great score by Hans Zimmer. I am very proud to own the soundtrack on CD when it was released in the United States on RCA Victor. At the time of writing, there is still no Paperhouse DVD available in the US. UU (Only in Europe), I hope one of my wishes comes true, because I really appreciate this beautiful film, and a DVD would be very welcome! <br /> <br /> It is satisfying to see the girl develop her thoughts as a puzzle game that tries to make the world of dreams work for her and for her new friend Marc (Elliot Spiers). Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers do a magnificent job all over the world. It seems to me that the editorial comment on Amazon.com is "an absurd performance" quite disconcerting: all aspects of Paperhouse seem fun to me. Even in minor scenes of brilliance, such as when Charlotte and the girl in the classroom look through the glass of a door, it is quite powerful. <br /> <br /> You do not need to be a type of bowman to enjoy Paperhouse, just be a person who enjoys a movie that stimulates you and makes you want more. There is enough in this film to invite repeated viewings and I am still amazed by the cinematography and the scenarios. For me, it's never like watching the same movie twice, since there are so many details to absorb and taste. A very emotional experience. <br /> <br /> While there are many movies that I adore, only a few that catch my eye: movies like Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see so many things that go by like movies that will be easily forgotten and that are in negotiation places, all I have to do is see Paperhouse and my faith in the wonderful story is renewed.
