This film opened to bad presentations in the first weeks. Then Meena Kumari died and only attracted the crowd. The songs on All India Radio, especially Inhi LogoN, were not played so often that I was fed up with them at that time, despite recognizing their beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, it took all those years to do. This was because the marriage was very unhappy and Kamal Amrohi also had difficulty finding the money to make the film; Looking at the sumptuous outfits and costumes, it's no wonder! Not only does Meena Kumari grow old and get sick, but she listens carefully to Lata's voice. Inhi logoN ne has the youngest voice of its 50 years, while the songs that were re-recorded as Chalo dildar chalo show a clear development. I just wish someone would find the songs of Ghulam Mohammad that were not included in the film, due to the changing fashions that demanded less and slightly songs and published them. In a recent interview (2007), Lata described Ghulam Mohammad as one of the best composers he had worked with, apart from Madan Mohan (a great personal friend). Notice also that he hardly sees the actors in the songs of Dildar de Chalo, very unusual. There is only a brief take of Raj Kumar from the middle distance and only the back of the supposed Meena Kumari is seen. Kamal Amrohi made a virtue out of necessity and focused on the stars and the moon. In any other movie, this song would have had close-ups of both. <br /> <br /> As for this is the best movie in history, I would like to disagree. It means that you have missed a lot of Indian movies, in no particular order, movies like Barsaat (old), Devdas (previous versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Hava, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz ke Phool , Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhimaan, Guide, Sujatha, Bombay ka Babu, Daag, Parineeta (ancient), Umrao Jaan, etc. etc. And if you value music more than history, the list will simply grow with beautiful Barsat Ki scores. Raat to Naya Daur, Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, Mera Naam Joker: the list is really endless! <br /> <br /> So enjoy Pakeezah but do not miss any of the above. .
