Emilio Miraglia's first film, The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave, was a great combination of Giallo and Gothic horror, and this second film is even better! We have more of Giallo's side of the equation on this occasion, although Miraglia does not lose the gothic horror styles that made the previous film a delight. Miraglia puts more emphasis on the finer details of the plot this time, and as a result is the typical labyrinth of Giallo, with characters on all sides and red herrings that are released every few minutes. However, this is a definite advantage for the film, because although sometimes it can be too confusing; there is always enough to keep the public's interest and the narration of Miraglia has improved since his previous film. The plot opens with a scene that sees two girls fighting, before their grandfather explains the legend behind a rather scabrous painting in his castle. The legend revolves around a woman named "The Red Queen" who, according to legend, returns from the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, murders begin ... <br /> <br /> Although he only made two of Giallo, Miraglia has his own set of tributes. It is obvious that the color red is important for him, since he occupies a prominent place in both films; and it seems to have something against women called 'Evelyn'. He likes castles, Gothic atmospheres and murders with style, which is fine for me! Miraglia may not be Argento when it comes to shedding blood, but she certainly knows how to include a murderer in her film; and here we have delights related to a Volkswagen Beetle, and a death on an iron fence that is one of my favorite death scenes of Giallo. The female side of the cast is excellent: the impressive Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti lead a group of ladies who please the eyes and are not afraid to take off their clothes! The score courtesy of Bruno Nicolai is catchy, and although he does not present much of the psychedelic rock heard in La noche, Evelyn came out of the grave; It fits well with the movie. The ending is something like a detour, because although Miraglia accelerates the Gothic atmosphere, it seems to be more than a little hasty and the identity of the murderer is too obvious. But still, this is a deliciously entertaining Giallo and one that I recommend to fans of the genre.
