Fever Pitch has many of the clichés that we have come to identify with romantic Hollywood comedies: a relationship between two people with little in common, the secret that has been hiding that she discovers, the inevitable rupture and the public? Well, I'm not going to go any further, but you get an idea. Despite its predictability, it works, especially if you like baseball like me, although I'm not as obsessive as Ben Wrightman, a Boston school teacher played by Saturday Night Live comedian Jimmy Fallon. <br /> <br /> Adapted from a novel by Nick Hornby by veteran screenwriting writers Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a lifelong Boston Red Sox fan whose uncle gave him season tickets when he had seven years and at that time he was stuck emotionally. Life to the detriment of their relationships with women. Ben is not just a fan, but a "fan" who travels to Fort Meyers, Florida every winter for the Red Sox Spring training games and never loses a game at home during the regular season. His family is not made up of parents or siblings, but the groupmates who attend each game with him and his room are not places to sleep, but a museum of the Red Sox to visit. <br /> <br /> When he falls in love with a business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is threatened with the possibility of having to grow up, but Ben is not ready to do so. He would prefer to attend the Yankees series than go with her to Baltimore to meet her parents or go to Paris with her and miss the Anaheim series. It is necessary that their relationship is about to dissolve, to stop and think about their priorities, especially when an aspiring doctor Phil asks: "You love the Red Sox, but have they ever loved you?" While the premise of Fever Pitch is that some things are more important than baseball (thought dies), you would never know by the way things turn out. Of course, for anyone familiar with the history of the Boston Red Sox, it's a team that will break the hearts of their toughest fans, but this is 2004, the year the Bambino curse ended and as the Sox Rojas move to a new level, Ben could do the same. Both main performances are excellent and the Farrelly Brothers even manage a pretty coarse gag. While Fever Pitch will never be confused with an art movie, it is a joyful game that will have to become one of my guilty pleasures. Come on, Blue Jays!
