The Farrelly brothers, Bobby and Peter, are in that again. With "Fever Pitch", the creators of other films that have dealt with many important issues, abandon that tactic when they decided to bring Nick Hornby's film to the screen, something that would have been difficult to do. The novel, of the same title, is about a man's obsession with football, since it takes place in England, where that sport consumes most of the fans of British sport. It is the merit of the writing team of Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandell, to transform the book into a language that appeals to most Americans, when they play their hero, a fan of the Boston Red Sox. <br /> <br /> "Fever Pitch" is a film that features an obsessive admirer, Ben Wrightly, whose life revolves around the Red Sox season, and who is an eighth-grade teacher with oddball shapes. Involve your students in the subject you are trying to teach them. When Ben takes four of his best students for a visit to a local company, he finds himself, and falls madly in love with the intelligent Lindsey Meeks, a young woman who will go somewhere, but at thirty she has no life of her own . br /> <br /> The story follows the two lovers through the ritual of attending the Red Sox, at home games, at Fenway Park. The fans of this team are probably the most loyal people in the world, since they have stayed with a team that does wonderful things but, until 2004, never won a World Series. In fact, the end, from what we heard, had to be changed because that was the year they finally won the event that had eluded them for eighty-six years. Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon are perfect as the couple in the center of the film. Mrs. Barrymore is a natural who always surprises in her appearances in front of the camera. Jimmy Fallon, a popular television comedian, converted film actor, has a better chance here than in his last appearance in "Taxi", in our humble opinion. <br /> <br /> The Farrelly brothers movie will also satisfy your fans. Like baseball fans with this baseball story.
