Clint Tollinger arrives at a small town in search of his separated wife and news of his daughter, although he finds her, the possibility of any kind of reconciliation is very small. While here, the sheriff and the important villagers learn about Tollinger's reputation as a tamer of the city. Because they live in fear of a mysterious landowner who is slowly taking away the city, they hold a meeting that decides to hire Tollinger to rid the city of its unpleasant elements. <br /> <br /> Man With The The gun seems to be a forgotten piece or very little seen, at the time of writing this, has just over 200 votes and a measly 9 comments from users written for it. It's a shame in any of the scores because even though production values ​​scream that this is a western B movie, this is a good entry into the Western genre. That the piece adopts a pretty standard plot theme from a harangued city that turns into a dark avenging angel, probably has not done the film any favors over the years, I myself read the synopsis and thought it was just another in the line of similar topics. images. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find a dramatically dark image with many pleasant moments, both technically and functionally. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is in the lead as Tollinger, perfectly chosen, advances through the image as a menacing threat. We often talk about the presence on the screen that John Wayne and Charlton Heston had {rightly, of course}, Mitchum lives up to the best. A sequence here sees him standing in the shadows at the back of a room while a meeting is being held, we do not see his face, but we can feel that penetrating penetration that looks at us! The rest of the cast is also very much in the shadow of Mitchum, so it's really only with the big man that the credentials of the films are high, maybe it's unfair to highlight Ted de Corsia for a kick, but Man's minor flaws With The Gun they are with their villains, and unfortunately Corsia lacks any kind of villainous threat. Alex North's score has an excellent layer (Spartacus fans will definitely be attentive) and Lee Garmes's photography is very impressive when one realizes that most of this image was taken in the studio. Directed and co-written by director Richard Wilson for the first time, Man With The Gun has few surprises for the genre, but it is dark, violent and, above all, very visible. 7.5 / 10
