One day in May 1938, when there was a large demonstration celebrating Hitler's visit to Rome, it served as a backdrop for a love story between Antoniette (Sophia Loren) married to fascist (John Vernon) and Gabriel (Marcello Mastroianni) ). She is a bored housewife with several children and he is an unhappy and lonely homosexual, fired from the radio and persecuted by the fascists. She is left alone in her house when her spouse must attend the historic celebration. Then both develop a very pleasant relationship despite their differences. The film is set in the historic meeting Fuher Hitler and Duce Mussolini along with other authorities such as Count Ciano and King Victor Manuel III, describing the events with a radio voice, which is sometimes irritating. <br /> <br /> It is a romantic drama made with sense and sensitivity. An implacably passionate romance between two characters in conflict. The magnificent performances of two professionals make a splendid film worthwhile. Of course, the wise script of Ruggero Macarri and Ettore Scola is always interesting, elaborate and sentimental. Colorful and atmospheric cinematography of Pascualino De Santis. Emotional musical score by Armando Trovajoly with sensitive leitmotif. The film deservedly won the Golden Globes of 1978 for the best foreign film. <br /> <br /> Director Scola's imagination is stretched to illuminate the limited scenarios where the drama unfolds. In general, his films take place in some stages and are semi-theatrical. For example: ¨Le Bal¨ (1982) uses a French ballroom to illustrate changes in society 2) ¨Nuit of Varennes (1983) a stagecoach is the stage where an unlikely group is found such as Thomas Paine, Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette Who fled the revolutionary Paris 3) "The family" (1987) takes place in the grandiose and ancient Roman flat of the family; and, of course, 4) "A Giornata Particulare" or "A special day" where Loren and Mastroianni have a wonderful relationship in their respective departments and on the flat roof.
