'Una Giornata Particolare' is a film that has a title that sounds so familiar to me that I thought I had seen it more than once. Now that I have finally seen it, I am very happy. This is one of the best Italian films I know, with one of the most wonderful performances of Marcello Mastroianni, which stars in other masterpieces such as 'La Dolce Vita' and '8 1/2', both by the great Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola, this is a film that takes time to present the characters and slowly develops a story on a special day, the day Adolf Hitler visited Rome. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, the neighbor of Antonietta (Sophia Loren). She is a member of Mussolini's party, quite fanatical in her thoughts, and he is no longer a member. The reason for that I will not reveal it. The day when all the people in your building, including your husband and children, go out to see Hitler, are still in the building. Antonietta's bird escapes and flies to Gabriele's apartment, and that's how the two of them are. Just before Antonietta went to Gabriele, he thought about committing suicide, again for reasons I will not reveal. How the story unfolds from here I will not reveal it, but it is what happens between the two that makes this a special day, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni has a wonderful performance. You see, he's a man who desperately wants someone around him, although at the beginning we do not know why. It may be that he likes Antonietta, he may be in love with her, there may be other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? She likes attention anyway. We see how she makes her hair look attractive to man. Loren interprets the scenes very well as well. We understand your questions, although we can not be sure what your intentions are. The moments when we discover their two secrets, if that is what you can call them, is a great moment. How the story develops from there is even more interesting, but I do not want to spoil it for you. This is a movie you should see. Great performances and a beautiful cinematography, and the message he transmits to us still stands today.
