As already put, the best version of Homer's epic. Fully shot in natural places of the Mediterranean. The sea and the sky are surprisingly blue, the islands green and intact. The clothes are linen, wool and leather, the stony and peeling adjustments, everything is somewhat robust and primitive, a little what you would find in the films of Cacoyannis or Pasolini, and makes it even more authentic. Although the story is based on myths and becomes supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​how life might have been in the 10th century BC. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is somewhat slow and austere, but everything is so beautiful that you get into it quickly. Actually, it is incredibly close to Homer's original plot, if not of the text itself. Ulises does not appear until the first hour, the beginning focuses on his son taking care of him. Soon it appears suddenly lost in a storm, lands in the island of the feacianos where the real family takes care of it. His adventures are told in flashback as a narration to his hosts: the terrifying Cyclop, the magical world of Circe, the underworld, the sirens, etc. Finally, he returns to his homeland, Ithaca, after 20 years, and everything ends dramatically with the murder. of the suitors of his faithful wife Penelope. <br /> <br /> Like a story, the Odyssey is an unparalleled metaphor of the struggles of a man's life. The cast is brilliant and international here. Irene Papas offers us a typical performance of a Greek tragedy like Penelope, but the most surprising thing is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Really good looking and totally convincing, it seems that the paper was really made for him. It is strange that he was never offered roles of this dimension later. Also interpreting to Nausicaa is Barbara Bach (like Barbara Gregorini), later famous like the girl of James Bond in "The Spy Who Loved Me", and like Athena is Michele Breton, that otherwise stood out in the strange called film "Performance" with Mick Jagger. <br /> <br /> As it was done 35 years ago, the series was really a great innovation for its time, as the first great European co-production for TV (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I have seen this miniseries in 8 parts on French television since 1974. At that time it was a child and, although everything was black and white, it left a very vivid impression. All my life I wondered if I would ever have the opportunity to see her again, since she never showed on French television later. <br /> <br /> Recently I found a DVD copy (all in a wonderful color) over the Internet. Unfortunately, it is only in Italian without subtitles, although the French and German versions existed at that time. I never knew there was an English version of this movie, since it is quite unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world, and it's a shame. If you ever have the opportunity to see this, you will never forget it. <br /> <br /> There were not many versions of Odyssey before or after that. The one by Camerini in 1955, starring Kirk Douglas, is a sword and sandal classic like "The Ten Commandments", but it is not so impressive or so brief for such a complex story. The one of 1997, of Konchalovsky, is a meritorious film of Hollywood, based on special effects, sometimes quite bloody, very badly acted and very far from the history and the atmosphere of Homer.
