['No, this is not a sequel to the fabulous OVA series, but rather a new version of the events that occurred after Ghim&#39;s death (and the demise of Woodchuck). It is also more accurate for the novels that inspired this wonderful series, which is why the characters are reintroduced (ie, Orson and Shiris), and why the story may seem a bit different from the one used for the OVA. (The booklet included in the set provides excellent answers to such questions, as do several online sites). The first eight episodes of this 27-part television series focus on the fateful battle at Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes present us Spark, an aspiring blue-haired gentleman who identifies with Parn, and his team of imbalances that try to prevent Dark Wizard Wagnard from resurrecting Kardis the Destroyer. <br /><br /> While it&#39;s not the equivalent of the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the ending where Parn saves Deedlit from Wagnard, right?), This television follow-up is still a lot of fun for fantasy fans. Even if the animation is limited (and one step below the artistic line of the first LODOSS), this 27-part series has its elements of appeal. The characters completely made, the attractive story, the magic, the romance and an excellent soundtrack obtained by Kaoru Wada from NINJA SCROLL, give a touch to this unequal playoff. <br /><br /> Although the OVA dub of LODOSS has been criticized for one reason or another, I liked it in general and I still consider it one of my favorite dubs. So I had high hopes for the dubbing of CHRONICLES, made in 1999-2000. For the most part, the English track of LODOSS TV is of passable quality (if not stellar); However, it has its share of problems. A lot of the original cast that gave their voices in English to the LODOSS characters came back (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), Which is a good advantage. On the other hand, the more mature sound of Billy Regan, Parn, is a little unpleasant. He does not do a bad job, but his voice was heard as a screech from the first eight episodes (which caused some anti-dub fans to disrupt the dub at once), but when Spark and the company took the stage, I found him less. annoying. (I do not know if it&#39;s because he got better or if he just grew on me). Also, not all members of the OAV copy come back. Jayce Reeves only gives the voice to Wagnard (tremendously) of an episode; He was replaced by Pete Zarustica for the whole show, who took a rough but malevolent turn (as well as the expected evil laugh). Kashue, of Anthony Cruise, on the other hand, is too tired and takes about five episodes to find his way. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective as Orson, especially during his final dramatic scenes. <br /><br /> Apart from Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn), the best voices of the dubbing come from some of the newest characters, such as Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack - episodes) 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who expresses Pirotess in the OAV but also expresses Ryna with vulnerability and rancor as well as Karla) and especially Angora Deb (who steals all the scenes in which he participates as Leaf the Half -Duende). The rest of the cast is not terrible in any way, but a little more unequal than the OAV dub. Some are well (Aldonova, Greevus), while others are mediocre (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) and few were horrible (in particular, Prince Reona&#39;s VA is too harsh and monotonous for a fighter of justice ). <br /><br /> In fact, the lack of auditory continuity (some cast members get new voices for some unexplainable reason by the time we get to some of the later episodes) is one of the problems of dubbing. Others include less memorable and clumsier dialogues, uneven timing, and finally (I apologize in advance to fans of this) the LODOSS ISLAND segments. These extravagant and super-deformed interludes at the end of each episode will amuse you or drive you crazy. I admit that at first I found them as a big nuisance, but after a while they grew me a little. (Also, there are some very funny lines, like &quot;I&#39;m King Kashue, and this is my CASHEW! I&#39;m really crazy!&quot;) These faults classify the dub for CHRONICLES just below that for the OVA, resulting in a track in unequal English summarized better as &quot;OK&quot;. <br /><br /> If one wonders if the Japanese language track is the preferred listening option, well, guess what? The Japanese version also has its good and bad points. While some voices are less annoying than the English track, others seemed less attractive to me than the equivalent ones in English (in particular, the actress that Deedlit does is not as good as that of Lisa Ortiz or Yumi Tohma). Also, I must mention that the Japanese cast is NOT THE SAME AS THE OVA. Because the series was made seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) of the cast members are replaced by new ones. Although they do a good job respectable, it can be a big annoyance for those who were used to the Japanese cast of OVA. It shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English, huh? Despite its shortcomings, CHRONICLES OF THE HEROIC KNIGHT is still a good series that deserves to maintain its own terrain. It is not without problems and is not always up to its predecessor, but there are enough good points to counteract the bad, which makes this anime moderately pleasant fantasy.']
