As for the arts, the 1970s was a very turbulent time. In literature and visual arts, it was the end of a great period of creativity of fifty or sixty years that has not yet been restarted. In music it was a decade that many see as a low point, due to corporate rock and disco. On television, it was a golden age for sitcoms, from The Odd Couple to the Mary Tyler Moore show to M * A * S * H ​​to All In The Family, but at the movies it was a period of even greater creativity , in all genres. , which saw the rise of American authors-directors such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese, from the ashes of the old systems of study that had dominated Hollywood for more than half a century. These directors wanted to create literary and artistic films for the masses, of the kind that had been fundamental in Europe since the end of World War II. However, the studios tried to keep up, with socially conscious movies of the kind that had not been seen since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But, unlike the movies of the 1930s, actors starred like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually co-starring Dead End Kids), who dealt with social problems in a realistic way, or as realistically as one might be in a healthy setting, the social consciousness of the late sixties and early the seventies was manifested mainly in science fiction movies, which allowed the Left Wing of Hollywood to preach to the masses under the disguise of what he considered to be little more than comic strip entertainment. There was a precedent for this approach, as several of the flying saucers films of the 1950s dealt with the political zeitgeist of the McCarthy era, in particular the Day the Earth stopped and the Invasion of the body snatchers. And in the early 1960s, Rod Serling constantly subverted the political conservatism of the time by including social themes in science fiction environments in his classic science fiction television anthology program The Twilight Zone. Between the offers of study of this time they were the ecologically sensible silent Operation; The first film by George Lucas, THX 1138, which dealt with consumerism, group thinking and existentialism; and Logan's Run, which imposed communism and state control over the rights of an individual. Some of the references in the film are quite hard, and stink of the current Arab oil crisis and rampant inflation. A few ripped strawberries cost $ 150, and Soylent rations its various colored foods: Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red and the new Soylent Green, supposedly crafted with "the best underwater growth," in a way not unlike the gas rationing of the time. The scenes of food riots are eerie echoes of oil riots at many service stations during the movie's premiere year, and overcrowded scenes, and bodies, living and dead, lying adrift, remain chilling as well as influential. A later film like Escape From New York is an obvious progeny. However, the rest of the script, by Stanley R. Greenberg, is quite pedestrian and fairly standard for a dystopian film, but Fleischer and cinematographer Richard H. Kline do a great job of filling the screen with interesting images and sounds, to give it more flavor things up. The use of soft, dimly lit visuals, cloudyly filtered, adds a Stygian feel to the New York of the film, almost like a colored version of Vampyr by Carl Theodor Dreyer. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if it were not for fashion, the film could seem eternal. <br /> <br /> The end of the film, where Thorn sneaks into the processing plant where humans are. the corpses are made in Soylent Green wafers, they are both chilling and strangely dramatic. In the end, Soylent's henchmen hunt Thorn, but he survives long enough to deliver the film's slogan to Chief Hatcher. However, one does not know if it is enough, since Hatcher has already been co-opted and has a history of having taken the easy way. However, that fact, and its ambiguity, show that the film does not recapitulate the dilemmas of its characters, and has a depth that many later, better made movies, science fiction or not, do not have. It is also the reason why Soylent Green is still a movie that is worth seeing.
