Document a documenter That is a way of describing Keep the river to your right: a modern cannibal tale. This film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who in his late 70s made a trip back to the places where he spent as a field researcher participating more than 40 years ago, first to West Papua and then to Peru. Tobias is a great-bodied character: a gay Jewish anthropologist artist who earns his living on a cruise teaching stupefied tourists about the cultures for which he has come to have deep respect and understanding. Author of several books documenting his time with both the Asmat people of West Papua and with the Amazonian cannibals in Peru, Tobias has been persecuted for what happened in his time in these places and how intimate his connection and relationships had been made. However, the constant admiration and appreciation of Tobias for the places he came to know is admirable and it is a real pleasure to see her. One can only hope to achieve and maintain that humility for themselves. <br /> <br /> Tobias is a compelling topic to study, since the experiences he faced immersing himself in these two tribal societies have left him fundamentally changed. This film challenges the notions of morality and "naturalness", for example, Nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Be aware of the graphic scene of circumcision). When asked why he became involved in some of the local practices that others would denounce morally, his uncritical nature asks: "Why not?" Who can say that the path of other cultures is right or wrong? This little sleeper is a must-see not only for National Geographic types, but also for those interested in the art of making documentaries. This film shows what can be done filmed in video. The edition provides a calm revelation of Tobias' life that leaves you looking with fascination. Sometimes, he despairs of being pushed by the film crew to make the emotional journey back, especially considering his age and physical frailty. We can be grateful that Tobias allowed the tables to turn on himself, perhaps sympathizing with the desire to understand humanity and one's place in the world. The filmmakers provide some moments of critical balance, presenting, for example, an anthropologist who believes that Tobias predetermined his findings (of homosexuality in this case) based on his personal interests. That said, you can not decide when to stop being surprised and when to take this man home for a hug. Move over the Queen River, this is the best river ride I've taken in a long time.
