The world of the 1973 sci-fi drama SOYLENT GREEN is what we might be seeing if we are not careful. It is a world in which the population of New York City has exceeded 40 million in the year 2022. Overpopulation, air pollution, heat waves throughout the year and food shortages are the norm. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what is this particular food really made of? That question is at the heart of this film, though somewhat antiquated, but still intriguing, based on Harry Harrison's 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Charlton Heston plays Thorne, a New York police detective who finds himself murdered by a senior corporate executive (Joseph Cotten). Turns out, Cotten was on the board of the Soylent Corporation, the people responsible for all those foods that people have to consume instead of the real thing. Heston believes that this was not just a garden variety murder, that Cotten was beaten for a reason. He gets a lot of help from his "book," a bit cantankerous but very cunning (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101st and last film appearance), and some timely reminders of what the world was like. What Robinson discovers about Soylent Green surprises him beyond imagination; but before he can tell Heston everything he knows, he himself has been sacrificed. And when Heston really discovers the secret of Soylent Green ... well, that part has been immortalized in film history. <br /> <br /> Under the professional guidance of director Richard Fleischer (THE BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a rather bleak but stimulating look at a dystopian future that humanity could be living if we do not slow down our tendency to deprive our planet of its natural resources. In fact, this was a project that Heston himself had in mind to film in 1968, after having achieved gold in the sci-fi genre with PLANET OF THE APES, a fact that probably gets lost every time his ultra conservative . Political philosophy emerges in conversation (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is not a path to unrestrained capitalism). Robinson, as always, is the consummate professional in his last position; the sequence in which he is sacrificed (while watching the video of the world from a better time, set in the music of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg) is simply heartbreaking. The film also benefits from the solid help of Chuck Connors (as a very convincing weight), Brock Peters (as Heston's superior) and Leigh Taylor-Young as the woman who tries to help Heston in his consultations. <br /> <br /> It should seem easy these days to fire SOYLENT GREEN for being dated. But those who do should think twice; The world of this film can end up being ours in reality if we do not observe what we do with what we have today.
