As with all environmentally conscious films of the 1970s, SOYLENT GREEN has a rather cheesy view of what ecological fusion is. Does overpopulation mean there are too many people to feed? I had the impression that the famines were caused by a war or by failed economic policies. Stalin's policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions dead due to the famine and to this day the greatest man-made tragedy was Mao's rural policy in China, which caused more than 30 million of deaths from starvation in the 1950s. And let's not forget the great famines in the horn of Africa in the 80s and 90s, which had to do with conflicts and not overpopulation. You may also want to consider that two of the most populated areas on Earth, Hong Kong and Macao, have never experienced a famine in modern times. Similarly, the expansion of marginal neighborhoods around cities as seen here is not due strictly to overpopulation, it is due to economic factors where people go to cities to find a better paid job than in the countryside (it is a symptom of industrial progress, not too many births) so the image of the streets of New York City is too congested to walk and having people sleeping on the stairs is something laughable <br /> <br /> But not let yourself be fooled into thinking that SOYLENT GREEN is a bunch of silly cuddles hugs because I think this is the best ecological film of the 70s. Play with the knowledge of the contemporary audience of the world where Sol and Thorn come together for joy when finding fruit , brandy and fresh meat. Thorn gasps in amazement at having ice in his whiskey, blows a cigarette and emits the classic line "If I could afford it, I would smoke two, maybe three of these per day". But it is the face of the euthanasia chamber that is memorable when Thorn watches the images of wild animals, flowers, running water and snow-capped mountains, a world that Thorn's generation has never known. This is a very disturbing scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a memorable movie, combined with the fact that it presents the appearance on the final screen of Edward G Robinson as the old wise Jew Sol Roth.
