"The Garden of Allah" is an excellent example of "popular women's literature", twentieth-century style, which combines all the power of erotic and exotic rampant reveries with the stimulating glamor of false mysticism and the sadomasochistic bite of Catholic guilt . . Just as Jane Eyre could not be really happy until her castle burned around her and her lover was permanently maimed for her sins, or the heroine of "Rebecca" could not find real satisfaction in her marriage until her noble lord was put on stage. the trial for the murder of his first wife (and his castle burned around him), or poor Psyche could not leave it well enough and had to extract the secret of Cupid at all costs, Domini, the devout Catholic heroine of this piece of gut, You can only find true sexual fulfillment by inadvertently marrying a man who has renounced his sacred religious vows. Like all narratives that aim to stimulate the female reader and induce vapors, this is based on the oldest tricks of the book: basic misunderstandings and the inability to express the true feelings in the right place at the right time until be too late . The logic is that any final sexual ecstasy can be consumed as long as one is willing to pay a high enough price for it in the atonement in the last act. It is Paul Claudel reduced to the standards of beauty salon magazine. Oh, well ... It could have been much worse and, often, it was ... <br /> <br /> Without religious connotations, the plot of the movie is that of your basic porn movie: an overexposed monk crazed by abstinence escapes to the desert where he has some rolls in the dunes with a romantic, well-proportioned but naive Catholic heiress before reintegrating his monastery, all passion passed, leaving her to clean up her mess. And I really resent the comparison of another commentator with "Thais" by Anatole France, a sophisticated novel whose intention was to mock the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, part of which emerged in the opera of the same name by Massenet, fortunately. <br /> <br /> But what makes this image unique in the annals of commercial female eroticism, of course, is the huge constellation of talents gathered under a banner to make this cinematic wet dream a bright and vibrant life . An imperishable Technicolor photograph that will outlive us all, a truck of dignified characters actors (including a cute dog), a music by Max Steiner that seems determined to fulfill the "composite film" that Michael Powell (who, ironically, had a small part) in the silent version of 1927) always dreamed, rhythmically at times on the verge of dissonance, but always with a splendid symphonic and operatic exoticism, a dreamy atmosphere where material considerations are not an object, the characters travel as if by magic from a place. the next, the dialogue is scarce, vague and suggestive, the artistic direction is close to the celestial one, the floral arrangements appear in the most humble tent or hut, the heroine's wardrobe is inexhaustible and all the male characters are aristocrats, saints , condemned but sinful horns, mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! The MGM DVD presentation of this movie is simple but impeccable. The bit rate is very high, the color register is almost always perfect and the mono 2.0 sound really does justice to Max Steiner's score and Boyer's penultimate confession. <br /> <br /> A historical note on this type of subject ": the following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by" The garden of Allah ", directed" Carnet de Bal ", where a very similar clothesline The horse's butter does not melt in the mouth The heroine (widowed after caring for a sick husband in the exotic remoteness of an incredibly romantic alpine village by the lake) wants to discover what has been lost by looking for dancers in her first dance book, she finds them all on time, only to realize that any sensation that there was in a moment between her and her was misunderstood, overestimated, or had tragic consequences for life, it was the cynical form of Duvivier to tell us to be careful with impossible idealist notions and that we all need to grow sooner or later.
