I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved this, and not only for the obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers trying to climb one of Mount Everest's peak brothers. Now, this kind of thing does not usually fail. Exciting Inspiring Pretty standard, right? And even if the movie were just that, I would have liked it. But it was much more. She herself blinds, the German Sabriye Tenberken established a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture that considers blindness as a curse, as evidence that a person did bad things in a previous life. Many of the children in the school have been rejected all their lives, and in the best of cases, they are a burden for their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shares with them the story of the American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind man to reach the summit of Mount Everest. She sends him a letter inviting him to visit his students. Instead, he comes up with a plan. It will organize an expedition to raise Lhakpa Ri of 23,000 feet and provide all the guides and equipment. Sabriye finds six willing participants and this is when the fun begins. <br /> <br /> Erik's team is mostly Americans, mostly men, and mostly seers. As experienced mountaineers, they are Type A personalities, very enthusiastic and goal oriented. Sabriye is European, feminine and blind, and the students for her are more than a "project", no matter how well intentioned they are. In addition, the students are Tibetans, and they do not have the age or the confidence to always defend themselves. As the expedition develops, they become pawns between the two adult "sides", wanting to please both, while at the same time they want to gain the confidence that comes from achievement. As an additional obstacle (apart from being blind, that is to say), they speak English as a second language or, in most cases, as a third language, and struggle to understand and make themselves understood. <br /> <br /> Given that none of the students have experience in climbing, and that some are much more coordinated than others, he begins to unravel Erik's original plan so that everyone can reach the summit together. As both students and teachers begin to suffer the effects of a great height, decisions must be made about whether to continue or send some of them to the mountain. Among the effects of high altitude is the increase in irritability, and you can see how this fuels the conflict between adults. At the risk of oversimplification, on the one hand there are those for whom the destination is everything, and on the other, those who just want to enjoy the trip. I will not tell you how everything went, except to say that this was one of the most amazing and stimulating stories I've seen in a long time. <br /> <br /> The film also weaves fragments of the story of each climber in the narrative, and this was very necessary, since once in the climb, the children tended to keep their heads down and their mouths closed. With all the drama that surrounded them, that was not surprising. The backgrounds are both charming and heartbreaking, and I found it very strange that I found myself closer to tears at the beginning of the film than at the end. This was contrary to my expectations, and another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to all the human drama to cover, director Walker and her small team had to deal with cold, oxygen-deprived conditions, charging Team up the mountains and hoping it would not decompose. As with all the great documentaries, the filmmaker had the luck (or enough intelligence or sufficient preparation) to be in the right place at the right time, and has captured a very special story that has a lot to say about people They want to do "whatever is best for the children" as they do with the children themselves.
