There is an episode of The Simpsons that has a jokes news report that refers to an army training base like "Killbot Factory". Here, the comment is simply part of a disposable joke, but what Patricia Foulkrod's documentary does is to show us, with fear, that it is not so far from the truth. After the Second World War, the US Army UU He decided to tackle a problem they faced during the war; that many soldiers went into battle and found themselves totally incapable of killing another human being unless it was a matter of 'me or them'. Since then, the training process of the US Army has consisted in eliminating all moral scruples and turning the recruits into killing machines that do not think of combatants as people. To develop in them an unnatural state: "The sustainable impulse to kill". <br /> <br /> First of all, this is not a film against war as such. While he certainly paints the war from a very bad perspective, Foulkrod focuses rather on an aspect that does not receive as much attention from the media as, say, the debate about the legality of a war or about its physical successes or failures; the effect of the process of turning a man into a soldier over that person as a human being. It is the paradox that training someone to be a soldier to defend society makes them totally inadequate to live as part of that society, and while most of the examples and interviewees are from the current Middle East conflict, Foulkrod establishes the links with past conflicts. especially Vietnam, painfully clear. It is not a war in particular, it is about the problems caused by war in general. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the film seems to be divided into three sections; how conscripts are recruited in the army and the training they receive, how they are treated once they are in combat, and what happens once they leave the army. Once this point is reached, you realize that the main objective of this film is in fact the policies inherent to the armed force, the policies that are implemented to turn the soldiers into an affective combat force, but eliminating all the humanity of the individuals. The interviewees tell the camera how the recruitment process seems so clean and simple, how the words "democracy" and "freedom" come together, but once training begins they become "enemies" and "kill" and "destroy" " Why once in action, the soldiers do not care what they have to do, as they are rooted with the idea that as soon as they fulfill an order, whatever it is, they are one step closer to returning home. They do not have political or social ideals to fight for, but they fight and kill, since they have been trained for that. <br /> <br /> But the main objective of The Ground Truth is to highlight the way in which the US Army discards those who have fought for their country once they return home. No real rehabilitation is given to returning soldiers, and many are forced to return home unable to cope with what they have seen and done, and most current policies appear to be to ensure that the army does not have no legal responsibility for the psychological effects they may have. soldiers collect This is the final indignity, which once used, is discarded. <br /> <br /> If there is a flaw in the movie, it is that Foulkrod does not try to show the other side of the argument. You would give the impression that every soldier who has gone to war would return with Post-Traumatic Stress Syndrome. Would it have been interesting to see those of a ??? Less liberal education gives its opinions on how the army handles training and policies. There is never an opportunity for the other side of the argument to be made known. <br /> <br /> But apart from that, this is a documentary created by experts, and Foulkrod's use of archival material and music is perfectly used to transmit it. One side of the war that often happens when we talk about the consequences of war.
