"Offspring." Yes. Chico ... I have not seen anything so powerful and brilliant since the work of Bruno Dumont, "Twentynine Palms" (2003). (By the way, this movie should not be confused with another fairly recent photo on the theme of "female empowerment", "The Descent" (2005), directed by our friend of Splat Pack, Neil Marshall, who is also one of the main ones. his own right.) But back to this "Descent", the effort qualified NC-17 (uh-oh) in which the lovely Mrs. Dawson takes the credit of a producer (congratulations) and is directed by Talia Lugacy (a great possibility that it is not a real name), as good as it is (in a few moments), it will not be appreciated by most of the laity because the script is quite flawed. As a producer, you really have to reinforce that script. Of course, only on the premise, you have the promise of an escalating conflict, but the task of achieving an escalating conflict still exists. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, this works as an interesting piece of experimental theater and well, I guess I'll let the others who have already commented here talk about how boring it is, namely, what happens in the second Act, but do you find me a second act that is not boring? There is also this Catch 22 that accompanies these almost independent films like "Descent", in which Rosario joins herself and takes advantage of her "identity of fame" to obtain a script in production that, under normal circumstances, would not get done. same time, at the same time, it is basically a mistake in the main role of the film. Rosario Dawson is beautiful and, apparently, you can shoot this girl from almost any angle throughout the day, but, oh, well, how fast is the time: Rosy is no longer a student. That's part of the confusion about the script: "Is she a graduate student? A teacher? No, graduate students do not really have this kind of problem with soccer players, right?" Once again, if you are Rosario Dawson, Executive Producer, that is one of the many, many aspects of the professional film process in which you will have to think about embarking on this wonderful new role in your film career. And if you do not have an answer to why your film is not convincing, let me tell you: there is a boat and a group of living talents, well qualified and graduated, who want to participate in the business. , who could have nailed that main character all the time, looking as good as you know who; But unfortunately, without Mrs. Dawson, no, honey, there's NO money. I have to say that the camera department did an outstanding job, however, because this movie is very well shot (that is, illuminated) in all its dark and dreamy darkness. The nightclub scenes look wonderful; One can say that all those music videos are beginning to bear fruit and play with time ... The shooting / framing is excellent, which makes the image a rewarding watch. <br /> <br /> "Descent" is not great. However, I have the feeling that, thanks to NetFlix, this film will find a life of its own. I hope this group continues making movies. If you're interested in experimental American motion pictures, film images of implausibly well-formed college students (or dropouts of the male model) in their first twenty years, or if you're a college student, just pissed off with hormonally aggressive youngsters who comprise less than half from your American university, "The Descent of Rosario Dawson" could be your taste of RockaRoll.
