I rented this movie simply because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to see him with my friend and in 6 minutes we were glued to our seats. Not because of any intensity in those 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. Without Hollywood BS, without explosions, without translucent; movie. It attracted you slowly and took you to a tragically human destiny. Some people think they enjoy movies, but they are sadly wrong. They like movies; Mindless entertainment for entertainment alone. The Michael Bay Transformers and the like were produced for this audience. It is not necessary to think about people, just look and let each time we stereotype we can dissolve the brain slowly. We'll even post ads throughout the movie so you can keep buying our products. And do not forget the explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make the distinction, art can be entertaining, but it is also stimulating and moves you in hidden ways. Entertainment is rarely ingenious and even then only arbitrarily. Movies are entertainment. The descent is a movie. The movie is an art. <br /> <br /> If you still have a soul inside your traveling sack of meat sacks, this scene of rape is as powerful as "Irreversible." The distinction here is that "Irreversible" was a violent rape scene that involved two people whose ways, unfortunately, crossed at the wrong time and there was hell. "Descent" is about date violation. No less disgusting. No less depraved. Only different. It involves the violation of trust, the desecration of the soul and the scars that run deep. If the character "Maya" had agreed, it would have been a hot sex scene. But seeing that she was desperate to escape, the scene is disgusting. "Jared" is a rapist in sick and manipulative series, and it is completely unsettling because it closely resembles a passionate love story. How could "Maya" come back to be close to someone when even in the midst of violating his elegant façade of "lover" of Jared, only hints at a slip? She is ruined. <br /> <br /> The film as a whole is beautiful. The work of the camera and lighting sometimes eliminate the environment and focus everything on "Maya" and the silent inner workings of your mind. All this done by Rosary with facial expression and gesture. The soundtrack was excellent, a mix of everything. My particularly favorite scene is the synchronism of all these aspects of the film working together; "Maya" dancing in a sea of ​​twisted bodies, something inside her awakening, becoming aware, all set for a beautifully sad melody by Jeff Buckley. <br /> <br /> I do not think I've really spoiled anything here, but I'll stop before me. In a nutshell, I think this was the best movie of 2007, without a doubt. Unfortunately, it seems that everyone is so tired that, if you do not hack, attack, gang or do something, then people can not be bothered. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It is the last thing that will happen in this existence. The worst things that happen never leave you. They are always in your thoughts. When you shower when you brush your teeth; when you buy a Christmas gift, when you tie your shoe; they persecute you They persecute you until that last one releases you. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Challenge yourself Watch this movie
