Although this film has a list of top quality actors, excellent special effects and a story full of surprises, it was not selected for distribution in the studio and went directly to DVD. Maybe it contains too much information from 'police force', or maybe it is too many action movies released during an excess, but whatever the reason why the big screens missed the opportunity, fortunately the new concept of direct launch to DVD allows us to enjoy it. <br /> <br /> The theme is old: the rookie reporter discovers an inner circle of corrupt cops, in this case the FRAT The First Response Assault and Tactical team, a group of well-trained police officers, created to clean up the mythical City of Edison for its low level of crime, drugs, prostitution, etc. Working in a hidden way the temptation to pocket the confiscated assets and the money is too much of an opportunity and now, 15 years after its formation, FRAT is responsible for the murder, the drug trafficking, the terrorism of innocent people, etc. The leading dog is Lazerov (Dylan McDermott, who is a terribly real gangster!) And his partner Rafe Deed (LL Cool J, even more amateur than usual and proving that he can be a sensitive actor). The reporter Pollack (Justin Timberlake) realizes a "bad mistake" and reports his theory of fraud and corruption to the head of his newspaper, Ashford (the always reliable and excellent Morgan Freeman). Little by little, Polack convinces Ashford and, later, Wallace (Kevin Spacey, also an excellent character actor) and help Pollack in this research report. The closer Pollack gets to the truth, the more surprises and bad incidents happen, and the story runs towards a shopping center towards a series of unexpected results. <br /> <br /> Timberlake lacks the charisma to take the initiative, especially in the company of such experienced actors. But LL Cool J, Freeman, Spacey and McDermott keep the well-oiled machine of a movie until the end. No, it's not a great movie, but it's one that makes the message an edge of the seat action. Harp grady
