Being the Beatlemaniac that I am, I approached Two Of Us with a combination of fear and fascination. After having seen 'In his life: The Story of John Lennon', he was quite concerned that Two Of Us would not turn out better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris are nothing like John Lennon and Paul McCartney? Even with a little makeup and proper hairstyles? I did not help a little. <br /> <br /> But it surprised me more than a little. Probably, thanks to the participation of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who directed Let It Be in 1970 and, therefore, probably knew John and Paul quite well, the characters and the dialogue were as convincing as they were. (The Two Of Us writing credit is given to a man named Mark Stanfield, of whom I know absolutely nothing, I trust that director Lindsay-Hogg had more than a little to do with the script). Two Of Us is not a biography of the Beatles; It has very little plot, in fact, and it takes place all in one day in New York City. What he does is imagine a meeting between John and Paul in 1976, while John lived in New York. That meeting is completely fictitious, of course? although you can not really disprove that such a meeting actually took place. But through that imagined conversation gives us a look at the personalities of these two great musicians? his intelligence, his sense of humor, his different reaction to stardom and, above all, his relationship; what made them a great team, and what separated them. <br /> <br /> As it is a conversation movie, not much more than the dialogue between two characters for an hour and a half, it is likely to bore everything but truth. Beatles fans; but it is a fantastic piece of writing and storytelling, and it is both informative and moving. For those interested in these two musical giants, they will very soon overcome the impact of how different the actors of their counterparts are and feel that John and Paul have come alive. so intimate and convincing is the script, and so committed are the actors. Two Of Us gives you an invaluable insight into the lives of two geniuses and a story that is both sad and fun. I definitely recommend it.
