Georgi Danelia's new Georgian film Ne goryuy (1969), aka Do not Grieve, is loosely based on the novel by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Mon oncle Benjamin". The novel takes place on the rural side of the eighteenth century. Century of France. The Great French Revolution is still to come, but some of its stormy signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local doctor, is the soul of a local society, the educated, kind and democratic person who often treats the poor for free. It makes it very popular with the locals, but it certainly does not help with your bank account. He is in love with a beautiful Manette who is also crazy about him, but her father, who called her daughter, called her "her little capital" and is determined to protect her virginity until the moment of signing the marriage contract ... I read the book, and by its description it sounds like a very charming French novel, but I am fascinated by the results of moving the characters and some elements of the plot from 18th century France to the beginning of the 20th century in Georgia-Grusiya. I think it was Danelia who came up with all the colorful memorable characters that feel so comfortable in her native Georgia-Grusiya, the land of long and wonderful traditions, including the Art of making and drinking wine, a rare musical talent that all Georgians seem to possess, a very unique humor and a high honor code. When we saw the movie last night with my husband, he said, what a great example of an art film, and I agree with him. Do not Grieve is a perfect art film, visually beautiful, deep but funny, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never in an arrogant, but optimistic way, that celebrates life with all its beauty and sadness, full of interest, loving irony and understanding by. His characters are slightly eccentric but very human. The most important thing is that the film is warm and soft, it does not look at its viewers as some of the Art images do. You do not have to be a movie buff to love him, live with him, smile and sigh, follow the young and kind Doctor Benjamin (first role in a Danelia movie by the famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze with whom Danelia would follow to make two movies more, including one of my all-time favorites, Mimino, on his road trip through the mountains and mountains of Georgia, or to be a guest at a unique party where friends gather to celebrate the life of old Dr. Levan who wanted to be a guest in his own wake, to hear what his friends have to say about him when he dies while he is alive, and who chooses the color he prefers for his coffin When I saw the film, I thought it was a kind of movie Federico Fellini would have liked it, I was not at all surprised to find the article about Danelia, where he named Fellini as its number one director, and I also discovered that, according to Danelia, celebrities Soviet directors, Leonid Gaiday (the creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary whom I do not have to present I loved another Danelia movie, a fairy tale about the American boy Huck Finn, Sovsem propashchiy) felt and spoke negatively about of Do not Grieve while Fellini praised him very much. I dare to go a little further and I suppose maybe Master Fellini took into account some images and the same aura and the atmosphere of Do not Grieve when he was doing Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something essential that connects both movies. . Both artists returned to their roots, to the places they love deeply, to the people they remembered, loved and wanted to honor. Both films have many smiles between tears. Both are art films that would go directly to the hearts of the spectators. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I'm going to add Georgi Danelia to the list of my favorite directors. He has made some of the brilliant images of my favorite drama genre, including tragi-comedy which are funny and bitter, sweet, moving and subtle, earthy and uplifting, gentle and bright. When I looked at the list of the films he has written / directed, I was surprised that he did not do any bad movies since he started in 1960 with the award-winning story of a boy, Seryozha. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites, as I am sure they are among their legions of fans. The man behind 'Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972), which is an adaptation of Mark Twain The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964), also known as Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne Goryuy (1969) aka Do not grieve, Afonya (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy marafon (1979), also known as Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, which is a very appropriate title for this film, as well as for the whole genre that Danelia practically he invented, and the cult favorite for more than 20 Kin-Dza-Dza (1986) is brilliant and deserves our true love and genuine gratitude for the unforgettable moments of cinematic happiness.
