This is a film that had eluded me until now, but now that I've seen it, it emerges as one of the main entries in the noir style. As usual with the DivX format, the visualization was far from ideal. fogged by occasional video and (mostly) audio glitches? but, since the movie is not yet available on the R1 DVD, this will have to be done for the time being. Since the reputation of the film is quite high within the genre itself, I assume that the reason behind this supervision is because it does not have a known actor in the lead. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the late entry of the nominal star of the movie? Franchot tone ?? The packages are pretty good (especially because it is shown to be the villain from the beginning). Tone was an underrated actor? he was rarely assigned substantial roles, and this could be his best moment (making his paranoia fascinating and credibly dangerous). The female protagonist? She Raines, who would later participate in BRUTE FORCE (1947), as well as in THE SUSPECT (1944) and THE STRANGE AFFAIR OF UNCLE HARRY (1945) of Siodmak? she is quite charming and cleverly assumes the role of the anguished secretary to prove that her convicted boss (Alan Baxter) is innocent of the brutal murder of his wife. Other key support parts are rehearsed by Thomas Gomez as the initially abusive but ultimately sympathetic police investigator, and Elisha Cook Jr. The quintessential boy of the genre? as the "man of the ladies" of a percussionist. <br /> <br /> Like Jules Dassin of BRUTE FORCE, was Siodmak on a black roll at this point in his career and this film definitely benefits from his excellent direction? ? all the angles inclined and the fabulous arrangements, including the justly famous jazz sequence in which Cook slammed his drums into a sexual frenzy provoked by Raines (who is acting to get his attention and finally lead him) to confess that he withheld evidence in the investigation that could get his resigned lover out of jail). Another large and long sequence is one in which Raines follows a bartender (another uncooperative witness) through the streets of New York? What results in your being mowed by a car! <br /> <br /> Remarkable, too, is the test sequence? which is completely represented through the reaction of the audience so that the judge, the jury, the witnesses and D.A. they never really look (although the judge's voice is recognizable as that of veteran actor Samuel S. Hinds). The centerpiece of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone discuss the nature of the criminal involved, with the inspector inscribed in the latter as mental madness that gives Tone initially misleading "spell spells." The climax of suspense finds Raines alone with Tone in his apartment, where she discovers evidence of his guilt. and he confesses to having had an affair with Baxter's wife, but he killed her when he did not leave her husband for him. <br /> <br /> By the way, I came across a little mistake in the movie: while The Story is clearly set in 1943, I noticed that during the taxi ride to the beginning of the movie. In which Alan Curtis accompanies the titular lady to the theater? The photograph from New York (which clearly includes the archival images) shows a marquee that promotes the 1938 musical comedy of Laurel and Hardy's, SWISS MISS. By the way, the famous writer of mysteries Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel in which it was based using a pseudonym.
