Alan Curtis has a strong and violent argument with his wife, leaves his apartment, has a night of drinks with a mysterious lady with a big hat in a bar (directed by Andrew Tombes, in a good part villain, for a change), and He returns to find his dead wife and the police, directed by Thomas Gómez waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi, which was with that mysterious lady, fall down because all those who can think (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claim that there was never such a person. He ends without an alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him) Ellen Raines believes him. Convicted after a trial, he is awaiting his death sentence. Raines begins to leave after the truth, discovering that Gomez has some doubts of his own. He also finds an ally in a friend of Curtis, Franchot Tone, who apparently was out of town on the night of the crime. Will you clarify Curtis in time? THE PHANTOM LADY is based on a novel by William Irish (the great black writer Cornell Woolrich). As fans of films from other works by Woolrich know (LEOPARD MAN, THE NIGHT HAS A THOUSAND EYES, REAR WINDOW, NO MAN OF IT OWN), you can not assume what is true on the surface anywhere. The missing wife of a vendor may not really be north of the state, sending messages that she arrived, if she still has her jewelry. The mentalist may actually be able to predict a tragedy, or was he planning the murder of his former partner, now an oil millionaire? Did a leopard kill the young women or the rich loner in the city is actually hiding some guilty knowledge? Is it the young woman, who claims to be the wife of a brother killed in a train accident, actually an imposter? Here are Raines and Gomez (with an assistance from Tone) who try to prove that Curtis saw a woman that no one would admit to having seen, and if he saw her, why can not anyone else remember seeing her? The problem with the story really is Curtis' personality: he surrenders easily when he is found guilty of the crime he did not commit. In reality, any innocent person would be screaming at the time of execution. However, in defense of the Curtis collapse, it also happens to other people in several films: Gary Cooper, in MR. DEEDS GOES TO TOWN, is so disgusted with the framing that it becomes so delirious and crazy for Douglas Dumbrille and his henchmen that at first he does not defend himself, until the people who depend on his help scream their fears in the room and wake up again Your sense of responsibility But Curtis just seems to give up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez, and everyone else would not mind if Curtis did not. <br /> <br /> But the film survives this weakness. The slow unraveling of the lies of the witnesses bribed by the real murderer allows two sets for Raines with Tombes on a deserted elevated platform and Elisha Cook in a jazz session. Gomez turns out to be more perceptive than the villain expects when he re-checks his alibi. And the villain manages to stay a little ahead of Raines and Gomez until the final minutes of the film. If it's not a movie as good as DOUBLE INDEMNITY or THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE or THE MALTESE FALCON, it stays pretty good until the moment Curtis and Raines meet at the end.
