This noir may not be the most memorable film of the time, but it presents a great plot of mystery, the common atmosphere and some good performances by its lesser-known cast members. Robert Siodmak, the talented director behind the mystery / horror classic 'The Spiral Staircase' directed this film two years before the movie mentioned above, and shows a real talent for creating a dark and melancholic atmosphere, as well as creating a plot that intrigue how fascinates the viewer. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; a man married to a woman he does not like. Take a lady with a big hat in a bar one night, and the two agree a night of fun "without commitment". However, he then returns home to find his apartment infested by police officers and soon discovers that the reason they are there is because his wife was strangled with one of his ties. He is dismayed to discover that no one he saw while with the mysterious woman can remember her, and naturally the jury sends him for the murder of his wife. However, luckily for him, his beautiful employee gets into the case ... <br /> <br /> The plot goes very well everywhere, and unlike many of the best known, this presents some murders that They make the process more interesting. In fact, if it were not for the fact that it was made in the forties and filmed in black and white, I would swear that the Ghost Lady was an Italian Giallo! All the central characters are interesting enough, since Alan Curtis provides a good representation of the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines is effective as the improvised detective. The true highlight of the film, however, is Franchot Tone, who provides a memorable performance as the crazy villain of the piece. The film also presents a role to support the extraordinary actor Elisha Cook Jr., who plays the drums in the most memorable segment of the film. If I had to criticize this film, I would say that the murderer's identity is revealed too soon, although Phantom Lady deserves some credit on that front because of the original way she does it. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything makes sense (which is surprising considering the line of the plot unlikely) and, in general, Phantom Lady is undoubtedly one of the largest and least showy in history!
