I rated this movie 7/10, which is an average of 8/10 for the script, direction and production values ​​of 1944 and 6/10 for the performance. My performance rating was calculated in 4/10 for all the characters on the screen except for playback. by heroine Ella Raines as Carol Richman who was excellent at 8/10. I also congratulate Thomas Gomez as Inspector Burgess whose character convinces that he personally does not believe that the guilty verdict of Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) was only in view of his ingenious alibi. These two form an alliance to prove the alibi of Scott. <br /> <br /> I have this movie on a DVD of "Suevia Film Noir Cine Negro" in Spanish as "La Dama Desconocida" with the original soundtrack "Ingles" as an alternative language, because despite the search I could not find a version entirely in English. However, he was eager to see another performance of Ella Raines after she was impressed with her performance as a hero in "Impact" playing a single garage owner. Here she acts. Another Heroic Role Believing In the innocence of her chief engineer, she refuses to suggest that she return to her home in Kansas (the name of her boss's pet for her) before resolving the missing alibi. The fact that she is secretly in love with her boss is a bit difficult. he believes, since formally he seemed to have had a formal business relationship with her. However, I had designed children's homes and playgrounds, so I guess "family man" had ignited in Carol's brain. <br /> <br /> In the 1940s with "The Movie Code" in operation, the producers could only represent sex through metaphors and here it is done in the form of furious drums played by Elisha Cooke jnr. Carol poses as a girl of easy virtue in an attempt to attract the drummer by giving her information about the alibi of "The Phantom Lady". The other main character, Jack Marlow (associate of Scott Henderson) is played by Franchot Tone, whose performance seemed too theatrical and I wondered why Carol, for example, did not notice it constantly and Strang admiring his hands. Here the script should have been improved and provide more suspense as these theatrical movements telegraphed the plot too early for the audience.
