The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel as if he is fulfilling a supreme fantasy: to put himself in the shoes of Agent 007. "FRWL" is closer to this goal than to any other game, because this time you control the real James Link. No offense to Pierce Brosnan, who became a fantastic Bond and lent his voice and likeness to "EON", but Sean Connery was the original James Bond, and there will never be anyone who approaches his level of coldness. <br /> <br /> I must say at this point, like many others who have reviewed this game, that Sean's 70-year-old voice does not fit his 30-year-old image on the screen, and this requires time to get used to it, but it's certainly worth that. He makes lines like "Bond? James Bond" and "Shaken, not stir" in a big business again. But controlling Sir Sean when he assumes the evil organization known as OCTOPUS is, as Bond said in "Octopussy," "only the tip of the tentacle." The wonder of the game starts with the opening gun barrel. It is the original canyon of the movies. Then you face the first mission, you rescue the attractive blonde Prime Minister of the terrorists in Parliament, and everything, from the cars to the clothes, is perfectly retro. The world of the game is truly the world of original James Bond, until the classic interpretation of the James Bond theme that finally plays during a key moment at the end of the game, while Bond infiltrates a secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the opening of the game, the plot faithfully follows the plot of the movie "FRWL". James Bond is sent to Turkey to retrieve a Lektor device from a Russian encrypted employee who claims he is in love with him. In Turkey, Bond is allied with the adorable companion Kerim Bey. Bond must recover the device, protect the damsel in distress and return to London safely. The Bond scriptwriter, Bruce Feirstein, worked on the script, and has done a good job of making the game the same but different from the movie. All the characters in the film are well recreated, but some are better than others. The imitators who express the villains Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are amazing. And there's an early moment in the game where you interact with a Miss Moneypenny, M and Q who look and behave like they did in the original Sean Connery 007 movies. <br /> <br /> What makes this game become miles. Ahead of the other Bond games, in addition to the voice and image of Sir Sean, there are two notable features in the game. One is Bond's approach. While you can send villains by simply pressing them with one button and killing them with the other, an additional button will allow you to get closer to a target and choose between the points where Bond would fire, like a grenade attached to a belt that will dispatch an enemy and some of his friends or a rappel cord that will cause a suspended enemy to sink to death. The other notable feature is the stealthy and mêlée death. When you're close enough, just press a button to defeat an enemy with the brutal brutality that only James Bond's Sean Connery shows. <br /> <br /> Sean Connery's Bond was mostly based on his raw wit and talent, so you only have a few gadgets, but they're good. The Q-helicopter is a remote control helicopter that can self-destruct and explore areas that Bond can not reach, such as the Q-spider in "EON", only better. The classic laser watch is useful, not only to enter sealed rooms, but to send enemies when you have no other weapons available. The twins and a whey gun are the most fun to play, but you must experience them for yourself. In addition to the gadgets, you can dress Bond with a variety of retro costumes found during the game, including the film's gray suit, the standard black tuxedo, a retro stealthy suit and the classic white tuxedo, which look exactly like Lo They did when Sir Sean took them to the movies. When you drive in the game, you drive the Aston Martin DB5 directly from "Goldfinger". It can not become invisible, but it has a gadget to blow up tires like in the movie. And when you're not flying through the streets of Istanbul in the "Goldinger" car, you can fly through the air in the "Thunderball" jet pack. <br /> <br /> Then there is the multiplayer. Of course, it has to be compared to the standard of the game "GoldenEye", and it fails. Also, you can only play the Bond villains instead of Bond or the other heroes of the game. But multiplayer is fun, and a decent bonus since the genius of the single-player campaign makes it worthwhile to play the game. The basic game has other flaws. Some of the most exciting moments of the film, in particular the shooting in the gypsy camp, Bond's fight with Red Grant in the Orient Express, and a confrontation between Bond and Rosa Klebb's sharp shoe, do not do justice in way of game. And the game is a quick game, even on the hardest difficulty. But overall, this game is the best James Bond experience so far.
