I am not a follower of a certain genre of film. I classify films only as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film by director Jamie Blanks, after Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the script and story line is very weak. Once again, unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of the film are so iconic and iconic, and that is what makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first basic and iconic element, the increasing hatred of the serial killer is so realistic. Since his high school years, he has grown up with his wounds that he had accumulated in his soul against his class friends, who have made fun of him. When you concentrate enough on this first element while watching the film, you will see this view of Humanism: "No one is completely good or bad, in fact, someone known as evil can be secretly kind." Just because the line of history and direction are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserved. <br /> <br /> The second iconic element is, of course, the magnificent union of the super stars of the late 90s: my favorite is Jessica Cauffiel, who is killed in the best way to be killed. An arrow that emerges from an arch brushes her belly and remains trapped, while she played hide and seek with her blind date, which could never be found. Katherine Heigl is the first star to die in a biology lab while trying to hide under the human body models found on surgical operating tables. Denise Richards is murdered in third place, while she has just found a Valentine's Day gift for her in a whirlpool bath. Jessica Capshaw is murdered for the last time in a confidential and invisible manner, then she is slandered to be the serial killer. Marley Shelton is the unfortunate one with the fortune that they will kill her in the most confidential way we will ever know, because the movie is coming to an end before she is killed. Finally, Benita Ha is the luckiest, since she was not a classmate of the serial killer, David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and last iconic element is the soundtrack of the maze scene of blind dates, Valentine's Day. Celebration of the day in the scenes of the house of Dorothy and, finally, the themes of slaughter. Everyone has loved the soundtrack for what I know. Hard Rock never fits better within a mystery serial killer movie.
