I will not try to speculate about what Brando was trying. At best, it presents such strange performances, insinuating so many things at once, that it seems that it does nothing but play by infallible instinct. He often seems to be drawing attention to some favorite aspect of his character over everyone else, a concentration that, if followed, turns out to be something of a false trail, since it is more subtle, more cunning than it seemed at first. view. This is a domain of artifice, not of naturalism, as it could be associated with the Method. The role of Sky Masterson, as Mankiewicz so wonderfully realized, seems to be tailor-made for him, which is to start with strange, and even strange at the end, because whatever Brando has done, he has achieved a grace maybe own, but nevertheless, a consummate grace, again, strange, coming from an actor with limited musical capacity, never before or after associated with the musical comedy. Jean Simmons, also strangely cast, is not so impressive, but certainly more than adequate, really charming in the sequence of Havana, and never less than pleasant. <br /> <br /> And nevertheless ... maybe because the actors are so focused on what they are doing, and the characters in what they pretend about each other, there does not seem to be any lovers. The "chemistry" was mentioned insistently more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah respectively feed each other well enough, but for my part I do not see beyond that. In a movie, this dazzlingly dazzling and entertaining (and almost everything about it, in a craft, is just that: dazzling), that lack would seem tactful and easy to miss, but much would depend on the real chemistry! A transformation, at least partial, of the characters through such chemistry, would lend something positively to the final scene. As it is, one leaves this film certainly enchanted, but not really moved, except in a way that denies the truth of the union. Keep in mind that Sister Sarah marries the uniform of her missionary, Sky Masterson in her same fashion as a city man instead of a wedding dress. And they have changed those of their previous scene! <br /> <br /> Interestingly (that is, with insight), the most moving and serious scene is, I think, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, as The Sinatra doll / Nathan Detroit, Adelaide, the only scene in which these two are exclusively together, not only because there is no hint of flirtation between them, even if it takes place in Adelaide's dressing room, while Adelaide is about to change. Although one can send, there is no place for that, Sky really is the guy to "check" Adelaide in these kinds of circumstances. He is even there to tell Adelaide that Nathan will not meet her to escape. Adelaide and Sky are true in their respective ways towards Nathan, even moody about him, as demonstrated by a tone in their exchange. Adelaide, of course, is also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is mitigated by her deep feeling for Nathan, since Sky warns her that she can not love a man and then wish she was someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and Dolls is another turn in the battle of the sexes, around the themes of the game and salvation. Since both the compulsive player and the one seeking salvation are unconsciously courting the despair, there may be a dark secret deliberately behind the lack of chemistry of Brando and Simmons. After all, that lack may denote an excess of narcissistic concern (mirrored by the Sinatra / Blaine pairing, though with much less self-deception involved), which could explain the strange interpretations of Sky Masterson and Sister of Simmons Sarah I realize that Simmons may be showing mostly coldness and skepticism, but Brando, though he plays to face it, is not exactly heated and anxious, and it's more than keeping his distance, he's also assimilating it, keeping the balance through it. Her daring consists simply in playing against her: the trip to Cuba, a kiss, whatever is necessary, but in reality she is not determined to win by seducing her as much as by hitting her on her own turf. This can be cunning, since playing jealousy may be the only way to reach the missionary and do it. But it makes the transition from Sky, from simply trying to win a bet to really wanting Sarah Brown to be a little less than persuasive. But why does he want it? What does it mean to fall in love with Sky? I find that the only way to avoid this is by accepting that his humanity has manifested, and that he does not want to end up as a simple cad for Sister Sarah, so he, as promised, needs to give sinners his prayer meeting, he complies with his "marker", as he expresses it, as a way of recovering it when it seems that he had already won only to lose it. But this still denotes self-concern more than anything. However, it also allows Sarah Brown's own concern, since Sky will placate the missionary in her to recover the lover. Neither, at least it seems, will change much by their union, except perhaps in the acceptance of the other. However, that seems a proposition, but fatally uncomfortable: the acceptance of it is still quite far from achieving happiness in the other, much less the transcendence that each one seems to imply by "chemistry". And behind all this, I suspect that Mankiewicz has full knowledge. <br /> <br /> For all those who could say, in defense of Guys and Dolls yet, that you can not expect much from the musicals in depth, I just need to remind you of Cabaret, The Three-penny Opera, Carousel , A Star is Born, even The Sound of Music, which I do not care so much (and one can keep adding to this list without even moving towards the musical post-Cabaret), all envelops beautiful music and dances around distressing anguishes.
