It would be easy to call the boys and dolls big. It has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, contrary to Sinatra's original wishes, the casting works), it has a really cool feel to the 1950s, even if it transposes basically from one stage to another with only a small interruption. And most of the songs are often very funny and catchy, and are made with that wink and nod to the wonderful escapism inherent in the form itself. If it is not as big as others of its kind, it should not be the fault of the filmmaker Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all songs click, and a bit of the dialogue seems to be running for the stage instead of for the movie (sometimes it's hard to say, Brando and Sinatra are on the line so often that you have to look with attention to know when one plays for the camera or for the "stage", while the actress who plays Adele is better for the stage than for the screen). <br /> <br /> The plot is one of those winners that works well during your period, even if you wonder if your influence has extended to that of She's All That of 1999 (well, not quite, but close ). A player (and a 14-year-old fiancé), played by Sinatra, wants to organize a big game, but is told that the "heat is on", which means that the police are on duty. Therefore, you only have one option to organize the game, with a thousand dollar tab. The only way he can achieve this is through a big bet with the player Brando, who has proposed to do the work of courtship of a worker of the mission. It allows the predictable turns of history, in the sudden change of ignition of the charms of the character, the idiosyncrasies of the people in the streets (gangsters and dancers and the "saitn" played by Jean Simmons, who falls). for Brando). It is, in its basic concept, about this whole world of men and dolls, and how to balance one or the other, obviously without getting married or committing too much. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the world. Piece, even when held motionless with the camera on the subject, and its stars are well coiled. Hell, even Brando works excellently for a musical, as he goes beyond simply being the actor of the method and shows his singing skills and the quality of big star. . The story and the characters finally end in what you expect to happen, and that's fine. Everything we ask for, and what we get, is entertainment at a good time, with dialogue, and some songs and dances that bring down the house (my favorites were the number with the cats of the club, Good luck! down in Havana, Cuba). A-
