A group of model-caliber San Francisco women who have been friends since elementary school are suddenly being threatened and attacked by someone sending them strange Valentine's Day cards. Who is the murderer and why is the killer behind them? <br /> <br /> Often, my score will change in the subsequent viewing of a movie, sometimes slightly up, sometimes slightly down. However, I do not remember another movie in which my rating has changed as drastically as it has with Valentine. The first time I saw it, after its theatrical premiere, I thought it was pretty horrible: I gave it a 4 out of 10, the equivalent of a letter grade "F". Seeing it for the second time last night, I can not remember what the hell I did not like. I can only assume that maybe I was really in a bad mood to see it, or maybe I just did not understand it. In any case, I loved it this time, giving it a 9 out of 10, or an "A". <br /> <br /> It may seem ridiculous to say that I did not get a movie like this, but there is something to get Valentine is almost a comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also responsible for Urban Legend in 1998, takes the stereotypical formula of terror for teenagers that became so popular in the late 1990s after Scream (1996) and pushes most of the elements to a Higher level, making Valentine intentionally corny / Campy almost to the point of absurdity (where the absurd is a positive stylistic term). In addition to that, it gives us a film imbued with humorous commentaries on romantic relationships. The humor is unusual because it has the same exaggeratedly high tone as the horror aspects of the adolescents. Most of the situations in the film, and the modus operandi of the villain, humorous or not, are related to the theme of Valentine's Day. <br /> <br /> Many viewers will probably subtract points from the movie for their various clichés. Rooted but implausible scenarios and plot developments. However, in light of the above, the film is intentionally cliche, implausible and ridiculous. It is as if Blanks tried (and mostly succeeded) to transcend the typical teenage killer by mocking the conventions of the genre and at the same time satirizing eros. That's the attraction for the irony of basing a horror movie on Valentine's Day. It is an incongruity that is cleverly interwoven throughout the film, and that is at the heart of the slasher genre, which makes it the main food for Valentine's extravagant adventure. The scream had a similar goal with its horror material, but the twist was that the film was "self-conscious." Valentine's Day is intentionally not self-conscious; The viewer has to rely on contextual clues for satire. So that no one thinks I'm "reading too much" in the movie, it's worth noting that Blanks said in the interviews that "I did not want to do another slasher movie after Urban Legend" and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to do something "more adult". <br /> <br /> Other viewers may be upset that Valentine's Day is so different from its putative source material, Tom Savage's novel of the same name. The characters in the novel, setting and plot are very different from the movie. Sellers said: "Although it was a good book, I did not think it was the right story for a movie." So instead, the novel, which is much drier and more serious tone, was used as a launch pad, a reason to create variations in a story of terror / suspense centered on Valentine's Day. While those facts will not help purists to become familiar with the book as the movie, it is useful to understand why the film has its plot and divergent attitude. It is probably best to consider the film as an independent entity with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> The direction of the blank spaces is visually impeccable. Valentine's Day looks exuberant, with complex and deep colors, interesting sets and a good staging. Blanks is admirable for keeping his villain and the scenes not very dark attack, with a clearly transmitted action. He also directs his actors with aplomb, often catalyzing astutely humorous performances. David Boreanaz, like Adam Carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments. <br /> <br /> While Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, it is a very good horror / suspense movie that seems very prone to misconceptions. If you look at it, expecting something more ironic, you may appreciate it much more.
