This musical was not exactly what I expected, above all there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. As it was based on a story by Damon Runyon, I expected irony and surprise, of which there was a very good one: when we discovered that the Sinatra gang used the Salvation Army office for their dice game while Brando was in Havana with Simmons . If the course comes at the right time too, when Brando brings it back. I really did not expect much from Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. It was not great, but it was good on paper. His large number in the sewer, however, with the rest of the Sinatra guys was the only place where I felt that Brando's voice was weak. He just did not have the power that the great climax demanded. In general, I found that the scenes between Brando and Simmons were full of electricity, something I did not think would happen the first time we saw Simmons, and then, when we were introduced to Brando in the restaurant with Sinatra, trying to make a quick pull . one about it It was not until Brando went to his office that the story came to life. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Frank Sinatra was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, whom I had never heard of, but who I believe played the role on Broadway, simply seemed to slow down the process. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Also, his songs felt weaker for me, both in terms of story and character. Besides that, all the numbers of the Goldwyn girls seemed to be full of shoes, just for the shine. For example, when Frank meets Brando at the nightclub, we limit ourselves to the routine of the stage for the cat number, then it is reduced to the boys who continue as if there had not been any dance number. When Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a great time, but every time we went back to the Sinatra-Blaine story, my level of interest waned. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there were some good ones, particularly the first issue with Stubby Kaye, the number of Fugue for Tinhorns (Can Do!). That's a great song and it reminded me of the first song in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... whatever it's called. And the number in the sewer, I could not help being reminded of "Cool" from West Side Story, which brings me to a point. I really did not like the art direction in this movie. The fake Times Square was so completely false that it drew attention to itself. The same for the sequence of Havana, and particularly the sewer. I noticed that in 1955 most of the musicals were filmed in sets, but things were changing, Carousel, for example, made great use of location photography. Even the filming scenes of On the Town in Manhattan in 1949. When we arrived in West Side Story in 1961, it is true that the things that take place in Manhattan had to be filmed in Manhattan. So, by comparison, the Manhattan boys and dolls felt old-fashioned and more than a little too cute. And changing from Lindy to Mindy, did they really have to do it for legal reasons? Now, I always thought that Guys and Dolls was a musical about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with several girls. He was much more focused than that, which is his credit. In that sense, it's much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in its own right, but it had a certain superficiality. <br /> <br /> My only major complaint about Guys and Dolls, and I do not know if this is endemic to the original show, but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando never took money for a bet he made with Sinatra and even He said that he lost the bet, she just runs out to look for him and we cut the wedding. It seems to me that a scene between Brando and Simmons would have contributed to the impact of the story. Seeing Brando come as she approached him would have been a great scene. There is such a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD), when Harold and Marion have that duet while he waits for her to change. She is upstairs in her house, he is down on the sidewalk. He's singing 76 trombones. She is singing Goodnight My Someone. Suddenly they change and sing the songs of the others, a beautiful way to transmit their cross among themselves. It's an emotional moment of the movie. Even so, the boys and the dolls had much in their favor.
