I am intrigued by the strong sense of favor towards (or sympathy for!) Sinatra in the other reviews here. I have read elsewhere that Sinatra never seems to have forgiven anyone for * not * being chosen as Sky Masterson. <br /> <br /> Well, who would not want to be chosen as Sky Masterson? ?? it's a big part: the charismatic and successful player who makes a serious mistake when he is fooled by a bet, in which he must take Sargeant Sarah Brown of the Salvation Army on a date to Cuba, or lose. Is not money? It is pride, but he and she meet their partner. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit must juggle his long-suffering girlfriend Adelaide with trying to find a place for a dice game that will make him rich if he does not alienate his girlfriend forever first. <br /> <br /> The movie started its life as a series of Damon Runyon stories: that's the only dialogue you hear, and those are your big character names, and that's your world of horse racing bets / nightclubs / night nights. Then it became a musical, and you can not help feeling that, in the form of a movie, it never left the stage. The camera is unusually static and sets remarkably. And not pleasantly? Flat and children. Fortunately, the music is very good, I do not care so much. <br /> <br /> What I like most about this movie is the singing and acting of the two non-singers, Brando (as Sky) and Jean Simmons (as Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, putting professional singers in these roles would have produced better music; but what is surely forgotten is that two such excellent actors brought something else to the party in their place: what they lacked in vocal talent they compensated with great pleasure, acting ability and pathos, pathos, pathos. You are with Sky while arguing with Sarah against reason, stability, pipes and safety. You enjoy Sarah's relaxation under the influence of Cuban "milk". You feel completely the abruptness and passion of your scene in the courtyard with bells ringing and an hour before the plane takes you home. As Sky says, it's "chemistry." Pro singers ?? Are they Broadway belters or soft crooners? You can not necessarily rely on this happening. (And they certainly did not). I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not having put himself in his role as Nathan Detroit. Sinatra in turn was enraged by Brando's four-shot acting method. As a Brando fan (do you show?!) I'm forced to take the other side, but I can not imagine that this movie would have been the beloved classic that it is today if Brando and Simmons had not been in with their wonderful chemistry; The unpredictability of Brando; Simmons' face, all rosy cheeks and brown hair, drunk and embarrassed in a Cuban bar. Beautiful. I will always want a copy of this movie just in case I need to feel good again. You'll forgive me if you give some of Nathan's talkative parts (rest) 100%, right? You will not do it? Oh, shut up and take a little more of Mindy's cheesecake!
