['I remember seeing the Disney version and seeing it now makes me think that it has somehow lost its magical touch. A lot of other versions, Ever After aside, Cinderella, in fact, have lost their touch over the years. Then I found this production with an impeccable interpretation of Kathleen Turner as the evil stepmother and I was impressed by the phantasmagorical essence of this fantasy story that has spoiled me since childhood. <br /><br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl whose father died and was dominated by her wicked stepmother and stepdaughters and longs to go to the dance for one last chance at freedom. But this plot takes a different turn in the classic fairy tale by making Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola, and her family only call Cinderella because of her slavery) is trapped in the situation of her father (who still lives) losing herself slowly before a dominant wife who manipulates him to play his favorites with his wife and his stepdaughters against hers and tries to poison him. Therefore, Zizola goes out to save her father by preventing her stepmother from finding another suitor on the ball by distracting the men who approach her. There, the bored brave prince changes his heart from his boring life and falls in love with the mysterious lady dressed in a strange dress (forged by a water nymph called Mab) with rose petals for slippers. <br /><br /> What attracted me most about this movie was its original version of the old fairy tale that nobody can compare. It does not knit a web of lies like most Cinderella stories, it does not ignore any reason why Cinderella would want to attend the ball and it does not show a superficial side to the Prince as the Disney version did. Instead, it shows more of Cinderella&#39;s disinterested heart more than any other production, and the work of art is simply stunning! All the costumes are very well made, especially the blue sapphire gala dress from Zizola to match the fantastic beauty of Marcella Plunkett and her soft and spirited voice. <br /><br /> I would recommend this movie to anyone interested in a dream sequence of the classic fairy tale with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and the director did not make a complete collection of other fairy tales with this same element and the fact that the film is no longer printed.']
