The first step to get out of that road that leads nowhere is to recognize that you are in the first place; Then it becomes a matter of being assertive and taking positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that may have put you on that path to begin with. Which is exactly what a young Latina does in `Girlfight ', written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is a senior in high school projects in Brooklyn, who faces expulsion after her fourth fight in the hallways since the beginning of the semester. It affects an attitude of "whatever" that hides a deep-seated anger that threatens to take her to places she would rather not go. She lives with her father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom she has a very tentative relationship, and her younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). With her life on the brink of dissolution, she desperately needs a way out through which to channel the demons that harass her. And one day he finds it, without even looking for it, when he stops at the gym where Tiny trains. Ironically, Tiny does not want to have anything to do with boxing; He wants to go to art school, but Sandro is determined that his son can take care of himself on the streets and pays the ten dollars a week he costs for his lessons. When Diana convinces Tiny's trainer, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), to take her away, and approaches her father for the money, under the pretext of calling him a weekly allowance (she does not want him to know what he wants the money for) . Sandro rejects her and tells her to go out and earn her own money. Ultimately, with the help of Tiny, she finds a way and the ring soon becomes her second home. It is an environment that fits easily, and it seems that your life is about to change for the better. And the fact that she will have to fight against men, not women, in "gender blind" competitions does not annoy her in the least. Diana has found her element. <br /> <br /> The writer and director for the first time, Karyn Kusama, has done an excellent job of creating a realistic environment for her story, presenting an honest portrait of life in the projects and transmitting that familiar despair. to so many young people who find themselves in situations of dead end and on that road that leads nowhere. And it does not have a caramel layer either; as Hector tells Diana when she asks him how he came to be where he is, `I was a fighter once. I missed.' Then, looking around the busy gym, `Like most of these guys, they're going to lose too. But it's all they know ... "And it's that honesty of attitude, as well as the way the characters are portrayed, which makes this film as good as it is, it's a dark world, underlined by the deteriorated gymnasium and in low light (you can smell the sweat of the fighters) and that feeling of desolation that hangs over all this like a cloak, covering these people who are holding and hanging in. As for the only thing they have, all they know . <br /> <br /> Debutando in her debut on the screen, Michelle Rodriguez is perfectly presented as Diana, infusing her with a depth and meditative intensity that radiates enough of her in the waves.She is so real that makes you ask how much of that is really Rodriguez, Exactly where does the actor end and the character begins? Whatever it is, it works.It is a powerful, memorable performance by an actor from whom we will expect another effort with great anticipation. Diana a positive model, one in which many, hopefully, will find inspiration and realize that there are alternative paths available in life, at least for those who would seek them. <br /> <br /> As positive as This movie is, however, it ends in something of an ambiguous note; Although Diana obviously has her feet on the ground, there is no indication of where she is going. Is this a short-term solution for her or is she destined to become Hector's female counterpart? After all, realistically (and in view of the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film), professional boxing is not exactly a profession that lends itself, nor open its arms to women. And according to the subject of the film and the filmmaker's approach, an affirmation of the results of Diana's assertiveness would have been appropriate. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although it offers a very real picture of life that many will be able to identify, there are certain aspects of 'Girlfight', which extend the credibility somewhat, in relation to some of the events that occur in the ring. Apart from that, it's a positive movie that for the most part is a satisfying experience. I qualify this 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
