Once upon a time Hollywood produced live films, with G-rating, without foul language, immorality and gore-splattered violence. These films did not insult your intelligence or manipulate your emotions either. The heroes differed little from the crowd. They shared the same feelings and carried the same burdens. Since the 1970s, the film industry has virtually canceled adult rated G movies. Basically, modern and mature audiences demand great doses of embellished realism for their cinematic diet, impregnated with vile profanities, mattress sexual intercourse and knuckles. These ingredients make up the difference between G-rated films and those classified as PG or PG-13. <br /> <br /> Miraculously, director John Lee Hancock, who wrote scripts for Clint Eastwood's "A Perfect World" (1993) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997), hits a home run with this four-star epic baseball game that not only celebrates the favorite summer sport of the United States, but also boasts of the competition. Spirit of the game. Essentially, "The Rookie" looks like the 1984 Robert Redford saga "The Natural" about an old hitter coming back. Unlike "The Natural", "The Rookie" refuses to swear, have sex and violence. <br /> <br /> In addition, the rugged Dennis Quaid plays a real life individual. The autobiography of Jim Morris, "The Oldest Rookie: Big-League Dreams of a small-town boy", served as the basis for Mike "Finding Forrester" the modest and unpretentious Norman Rockwell, in the style of Rich, on the white aspirations of middle class. Morris achieved his dream when he debuted on the mound as a relay pitcher in 1999. Although he does not belong to the same league with James Stewart's classic inspirational "The Stratton Story" (1949), "The Rookie" qualifies as the kind of a movie that Hollywood rarely does more because the public finds them outdated. <br /> <br /> Hancock and Rich encapsulate their funny and strange biography in an aura of mysticism. A wild oil prospector convinces two Catholic nuns in the 1920s to fund a well in western Texas. Fearing that they have spent their money on an ill-advised fantasy, the sisters cover the arid terrain with rose petals and pray to the patron saint of the desperate causes of Santa Rita to intervene. The well gushes! The City of Big Lake emerges, and assaults seize baseballs when they are not drilling holes in the field. The spirit of baseball springs from the earth like oil. Meanwhile, years later, the United States Navy does not keep Jim Morris, Sr., (Brian Cos from "Manhunter") and his family in a place long before uprooting them. The constant movement makes a dent in Jim Junior. Jim's father shows little sympathy and criticizes baseball. <br /> <br /> However, Jim has baseball in his blood, enough so that when he accepts the job of a high school chemistry teacher in his hometown of Texas, he organizes a baseball team. Like the evil "Bad News Bears," "The Rookie" narrates Jim's triumph by turning losers into winners. Morris promises the team that if they reach the divisional playoffs, he will try for a professional baseball team. Predictably, Morris students keep their part of the bargain. At age 35, Jim stuns the big league scouts when he throws fastballs at 98 miles per hour! "The Rookie" never stops doing it.
