Imagine the scene: a mountainous extraterrestrial landscape. The twin moons illuminate the blood red sky. The Tardis lands and comes out next to the Doctor, a middle-aged man in a Victorian robe, and Rose, his mate on Earth. A flash of recognition crosses his face. "Well, never! It's the planet Saurious-7, where I fought the Kraggartian warriors, they tried to use the giant Skinkons to take over the planet." The girl smells the air. "Can not we go, doctor? I do not like the look of this place, I still think we're being watched." The doctor moves a finger of disapproval. "Do not be silly, girl, I wonder if the King and Queen of the City of Cordaraby remind me of my last visit, come on, Rose, come!" He walks away, the girl struggles to keep up. At the top of a hill, the sinister red eyes look at them with hatred ... <br /> <br /> It was not how 'Rose' started in 2005, and thank God for what I said I. Unfairly ridiculed At the time of its original release in the United Kingdom, 'Rose' can now be safely considered as a historical episode, putting 'Dr.Who' back in its place, as one of the BBC's flagship programs. The mistakes made by the film by McGann T.V. They were well learned. Instead of trying to convert the new "Who" into the existing chronology, it represented a new beginning for the series, starting with store girl Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) doing her daily routine. One day, she goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the problems begin. The mannequins come alive and attack her. It is only through the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) that he is saved. <br /> <br /> The story, however small, is more than adequate as a starting point for the series. The Autons are, of course, an old villain (this was their first appearance since 1971), but no references are made to their past appearances, another smart move. The end effectively recreated the famous scene in 'Spearhead From Space' when the shop window manikins came alive. As a doctor, Christopher Eccleston lacked the eccentricity of his predecessors, preferring a modern leather jacket to the Doctor's traditional clothing, but this made it more accessible to the new expected audience of the program. Billie Piper confused her critics by making a great impression as 'Rose'. Noel Clarke was also good as her boyfriend 'Mickey'. <br /> <br /> Yes, there was an additional emphasis on special effects, but then there had to be: the trembling and the unconvincing monsters of the past do not take place on 21st century television. What is more important is how good this script is. Ten million people tuned in to see the new Doctor. <br /> <br /> 'Dr.Who' was back, and he came back with a bang!
