As an essential part of British pop culture such as Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who was a great success for 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the oldest television programs in the world (most of them series are lucky to have ten seasons). The plans to restart the series were always on the agenda of the BBC, and after a poorly calculated television film (not to mention Americanized) produced by Fox, it failed to capture the magic of the original version, another nine years (parody of Comic Relief and animated mini-series in spite of) were required before Time Lord could return properly, courtesy of acclaimed writer Russell T. Davies. <br /> <br /> Davies' brilliance in re-introducing the character lies in his decision to do so through the eyes of a stranger: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London-based girl who leads a very normal life until one night is attacked by creatures made of living plastic. She is rescued by an elusive stranger who presents herself simply as the Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after joking: "Nice to meet you, Rose, run for your life!" As she becomes more and more curious about this "man", she soon finds herself in a whole new world: aliens, invasions, travel in time and space and, of course, the ubiquitous TARDIS in the form of a police box . <br /> <The first 45 minutes of the new Doctor Who are almost perfect (the special effects could have used a little more polish) because Davies has two things: the unique humor of the program and the two protagonists. The most attractive feature of the original series was its mix of spectacular science fiction and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is difficult, if not impossible, to export. Here, all the laughter is linked to the conversations between Rose and the Doctor, who become fully rounded characters after a single episode. Well, technically, Eccleston's Doctor is the Ninth to use that name, but he moves away from the eight previous incarnations speaking with a North accent (the one he uses daily) and justifying it with an excellent line: "Many planets have a north. " <br /> <br /> The real triumph of this episode, however, is Piper's performance: in theory, Rose is in her teens, therefore, almost the same age as thousands of young spectators who had never before Heard about the Doctor. His representation of a common girl lost in a new and exciting universe, represents the reaction of the new generation before the return of a television icon, and the chemistry that is instantly formed between her and Eccleston is a sign that indicates that the new Doctor Who is as good as the old man. <br /> <br /> First, fifth, ninth, there is no difference: there may have been others before Eccleston (and Piper, actually) but together he, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the group there is only one character , one so great that you do not even need a name: it's THE Doctor.
