With the sun shining brightly on a quiet Sunday that is about to wake up completely, love can be felt in the soft breeze that passes through my feet and can be seen in the smiles of the people with whom I walk. It is the perfect day to make a stop of croissants and a coffee with milk before heading to the city of lights and love. Of course, a flight to Paris is not reasonably in the humble budget of this film critic, so I had to choose the best option, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films from a variety of international directors. Each piece is named after a different Parisian neighborhood and is a reflection on love. With the care of not glorifying in excess the most powerful and persuasive emotion of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME explores love in the multiple stages of its own game. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And, really, what better way to express the fleeting nature of love and how a moment can change your life than with a collection of filmed moments. <br /> <br /> The beautifully poetic quote above is taken from Faubourg Saint Denis by Tom Tykwer. Faithful to its form, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses time photography and repetition to demonstrate the complete cycle of love, from the beginning to the dissolution. Originally filmed in 2004 and combined for this anthology, Faubourg plays Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actress in Paris for a role in a film, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, a blind man he falls in love with. Here, the blind lead the blind through the most unstable terrain, where two people consume each other to a point where their lives almost lose their own existences. As love seems to go from dazzling to dizzying, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks he can play in our minds and the illusions he can create when we turn to doubt. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most dizzying and romantic offer comes from Sylvain Chomet's Tour Eiffel. By choosing the most identifiable attraction in the city by its title, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a child who tells the story of how his parents met and fell in love. His father, a mime (Paul Putner), is falling into one surrealist scenario after another and finally ends up in jail. This is where he meets the woman who will become the love of his life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become a kind of dying art, if he is not dead yet. However, by nature, it is dreamy and without problems. Miming points his silent finger at the ridiculousness of human behavior and what else can love do to make people act more absurdly? We could find someone special in the least likely circumstances if we could take ourselves a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME keeps the flow lively by not always focusing on love between lovers. Three memorable short films focus on the love between a father and a child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) makes Catalina Sandino Moreno sing lovingly to her son before she leaves him to sing the same song with a distant longing for the child he cares for to survive. Nobuhiro Suwa (PAR PAIR OF THE UN) has Juliette Binoche desperately trying to overcome the emptiness she feels after losing her son. Binoche says very little yet, not surprisingly given his immense talent, his struggle is evident in his face as he learns that love sometimes means letting go. And Alfonso Cuarón (CHILDREN OF MEN) intervenes with a continuous shot of a father (Nick Nolte) and his adult daughter (Sara Martins) walking together for what should be the first time in a long time. We only see them from the other side of the street and we only approach them, since the distance between the two characters is reduced to a place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The last short to the screen is the 14th Arrondissement of Alexander Payne. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes it extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is alone and for less time than she would have liked, since she has dogs waiting for her at home. He is a simple person with a life without incident that is in a rich and exuberant city. In a beautiful Americanized French, she reflects on the views and how being there makes her feel. This woman spends a lot of time trying to be happy despite the many disappointments of life and as she sits in a city made for lovers, she realizes that, in fact, she is happy and loves herself more than she loves. I knew She falls in love, if only for a moment, with life and love itself. <br /> <br /> The characters that appear, but fleetingly in Paris, JE T'AIME are in the romantic center of the universe. The moments that they share with each other, whether helping someone after a strong fall or reaching out to another person without touching them or without their knowledge, are the moments that give love its splendor and boom. Outside the city of lovers, it can be easy to miss moments like these, but we must remind ourselves of their meaning. It only takes a moment for love to shine through a cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. And if a city can be so abundant in love, one has to believe that one day it can reach its door.
