Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful film tribute to the city of light and the city of love, a film so complex that it almost challenges the summary and the review. Ask a large group of people their impressions of life in Paris and the result would be something similar to this movie. Tied by each of the sectors or district of the city, the film examines love in all its forms, the native people in their Parisian ways and the tourists who interact with the big city. Approximately twenty writers and directors, each with approximately five minutes of screen time, include Olivier Assayas, the Coen brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, ALfonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant, among others less known. The stories vary from fun, to humorous, touching, tragic, banal, tender. <br /> <br /> In one story, a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted to a young lithographer (Elias McConnell). Pouring his heart in French to a boy who only speaks English. In another, a separated husband and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin Quarter to finalize the divorce process, while another couple in Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) approaches marriage without connection until the spirit of the late Oscar Wilde intervenes. Steve Buscemi in Tuileries faces superstition in a subway with his bag of tourist collections, in Bastille Sergio Castellitto (in love with the mistress Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she trusts that she has terminal leukemia, Juliette Binouche faces the agony The fantasies and the loss of his son in Place des Victoires with the help of a mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier show a great history of misconceptions in Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins shows a strange relationship in Pigalle, Melchor Beslon plays a blind young woman for actress Natalie Portman when learning to see in Faubourg Saint-Denis, the love of vampires between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Quarter de la Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaal is an ex-patriot actress who is drugged in Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Margo Martindale is a tourist postman visit I try desperately to speak the French you have studied for your life. Travel in a shy and fun 14th Arrondissement. <br /> <br /> The last minutes of the film try to unite as many stories as possible, but this only works on superficial levels. The film is long and there are no bridges between the many stories, a factor that can tire the audience due to the lack of time to absorb all the action. But in the end it is a richly detailed tribute to a great city and gives the viewer many vignettes to revisit as a scrapbook of a time in Paris. It is a movie that is worth seeing several times! Harp grady
