... for Paris is a moving party. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to count how many talents have immortalized Paris in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes, and yes ... famous film director Max Ophüls spoke about Paris: <br /> <br /> "He offered the bright wet boulevards under street lights, a breakfast in Montmartre with cognac in his glass, coffee and warm brioche, gigolos and prostitutes in night. Everyone in the world has two countries: his and Paris. "<br /> <br /> Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Je T'Aime ", which is subtitled" Petite romances ", is a collection of short films, often sketches of 18 directors In each of them, we become familiar with one of the 20 districts of Ciudad de la Luz and with Parisians of all ages, genders, colors and backgrounds that deal with love in its many variations and stages. In some of the "little romances" we witness the unexpected encounters of strangers that lead to interest, closeness and perhaps the relationship: as for Podalydès and Florence Muller in Montmartre street, in the opening film or for Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti as a white child and a Muslim whose intercultural romance directed by Gurinder Chadha begins in Quais de Seine.It would include in this category Gus Van Sant's humorous short film "Le Marais" a boy po Directs his heart to another child who He confesses a sudden unexpected closeness and asks permission to call, without realizing that the object of his interest does not understand French. <br /> <br /> Some of the vignettes are moving and even dark. In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino Mareno (incredible Oscar-nominated debut for Maria full of Grace) is a single working-class mother who has to work as a nanny in a wealthy neighborhood to pay for day care where she abandons her baby every morning before going to work. One of the most memorable and truly moving films is "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz. Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro co-star two young men for whom love could have happened. There were promises, but it was interrupted due to the hatred and intolerance that are present everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. Another that really caught my attention was "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coixet, starring Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto has fallen in love with his wife, Richardson, but when he is ready to leave with the beautiful lover, the devastating news of his wife's doctor arrives ... <br /> <br /> I can continue reflecting on the 18 little gems I they like some of them very much. The others felt weak and may soon forget, but in general, I am very happy to have bought the DVD and I know that I will watch my favorite movies again and again. They are the "Place des Fêtes" that I have already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise", directed by Wes Craven and that involves the ghost of one of the most ingenious and intelligent men of all time, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, the director of "Sideways") Who would save a problematic relationship? Payne also directed the "14th Arrondissement" in which a lonely post-working middle-aged woman from Denver, CO explores the city on her own and offers the French voice with the strong accent. The entrance of Payne is one of the most moving and together with the fun "Tuileries" of Joel and Ethan Coen with (who else? :) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both shorts, American tourists sit on benches (Margo in the park and Steve in the Paris metro after visiting Louvers) observing life around him with different results. While Margo can say: "My feeling is sad and light, my sadness is bright ..." The character of Steve will discover that sometimes even the most complete and useful tourist guide would not help a tourist to avoid doing things wrong in a foreign country. .
