I just saw this tonight in a seminar on digital projection (filmed in 35 mm, first full length film scanned in 6k mastered in 4k, and projected with a 2k projector in the ETC / USC theater in Hwd) ... a lot for the technology. 18 directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among several good French / international directors) received 5 minutes each to make a love story. They come in all shapes and forms, with well-known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ... totally comical ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands ... very well ... and she really wrote the piece It was Mr. Depardieu and many other good international actors as well.The stories range from a romance to a quirky comedy to Alex Payne's moving study of a woman who discovers Van Sant and one of those things that happens anywhere ... maybe not? Put the French spoken in most of the sequences (with English subtitles) and a small amount of spoken real English, although that will probably relegate it to the art houses (to the Diva). a piece that could be considered "experimental" but colorful and fun, the rest, simple studies of sometimes complex relationships, all easy to follow (unless the "experimental" irritates his desire for a formula story. they were some emotions ... I admit that love affects me.) in the cinema ... when it is presented in something other than sentimentality. I even laughed at a piece of mime, like no other I've seen (thank you for that!) The movie peaked, for me, somewhere around a little over half, then the last two sequences they resumed. Some beautiful shots of Paris at night, an exuberant romantic music, usually used with good results, not only for its "emotions" in the sound, usually a good photograph, although some shots seemed a soft focus when it could not have been. (main character in shot / scene). The pace of each movie was good, and the overall structure, although a bit long (they omitted two of what would be 20 movies, but they said everything would be on the DVD) seemed to vary between the tones of the films to maintain a good balance. I'm not sure when it will come out, but it's a good study of how to make a 5-minute movie work ... and, sometimes, what does not work (if it covers too much time, emotionally, for a short film). He should be in region one when he was released, but they did not know when.
