['I saw this movie a couple of days ago in a small independent cinema in Paris. It was my last night in the French capital and the best farewell I could have chosen. These twenty episodes made me relive the impressions I had collected in Paris in a moving way without falling into kitsch or sentimental confusion. Each episode is full of surprises, strong emotions and suggestive images, and each short film is directed according to the rules of a good story. For me, this type of film demands much more talent and qualities of a director and a story writer than any epic drama of two hours, and they all had an excellent performance in their task! The stories were chosen carefully with respect to their corresponding Arrondissement and express the respective style perfectly. Each episode was seen from a different ankle, had a different theme, a different style and still the twenty stories result in a harmonic orchestra of films. The most outstanding advantage with the concept of episode film in my opinion is based on the fact that it can alternate between a great variety of feelings and moods without the danger of overload, the other way around: the mixture of sadness, melancholy. Pure joy, despair, anger, anxiety, curiosity or passion give this film a unique freshness and harmony. And do not forget the theme of love! The love between the characters, the love between the characters and Paris and also the love of the directors and actors / actresses for this project. I do not want to go into the details of the episodes since there are many, but I must highlight the range of actors and actresses worldwide famous from around the world and their approach to this project. Some played with their image, others broke it completely and others interpreted the stereotypes related to their country of origin or the roles they had played before, so that there was intertextuality throughout the film. In general, I can absolutely recommend this great collage and I will be waiting for its release on DVD.']
