I was lucky enough to attend a screening in Stockholm for this elegantly expressed, enjoyable and stimulating film. With romance as the most powerful weapon in his arsenal, Paris je t'aime launches love in Paris, navigating through the different forms in eighteen separate "barracks", but without putting a face to the formulas of Parisiennes and saccharine. Your gold mine, no doubt, comes from frustration in the parts of the directors? Frustration for only having 5-10 minutes of screen time? therefore, only the best and safest address of each party is presented. <br /> <br /> Discussing whether or not I should review the 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that it would be simply redundant and long-winded. Instead, simply be assured that each director adorns the film with its eccentric styles and abilities, and you will certainly find your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant can not resist the temptation to be introspective, his LES MARAIS is one of the best contributions, even hiding in a well-placed reference of Kurt Cobain. The Coen brothers recreate one of the most accessible segments in Paris, a scene with a silent but emotionally transparent Steve Buscemi, an inexpressive humor and intelligent camera angles that surely generated the biggest laugh in my theater, and maybe rightly so. <br /> <br /> In this way, are all the lines of the story exquisitely unique? Is it filtered through the minds of different directors? but the one that most moves away from the rest is the QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE by Vincenzo Natali, a gothic and horror love starring Elijah Wood as a tourist lost in the streets of Paris in the night he meets a vamp. With a black and white format but with a blood-red contrast that seems to bleed incongruously off the screen, it almost becomes a Pastiche of Sin City. a refreshing and refreshing visual twist in an otherwise well-founded film. <br /> <br /> However, my only favorite segment was Tom Tykwer's FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS, but I think I was conditioned to think so, since I went to the theater with him as my favorite and nudged him my friend. saying "finally, that's my favorite director here". However, it can not be denied that Tykwer offers a charming segment in which a blind child picks up the phone and listens to his girlfriend (Portman, for once not upset) that she breaks up with him and reflects on their relationship. Like Tywker's style, the story is vertiginously accelerated, kinetic and repetitive, with shouting and racing (Lola Rennt), which makes it the segment with more adrenaline in Paris, and possibly also the most poignant once Tywker start to handle your The most powerful tool? music. <br /> <br /> To fill the negative account, clearly not all directors are as moving as Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet scrapes the bottom of the pile creating a truly disposable segment in which a young child retells the story of how his parents met. They are two lonely mimes. This part is so frank in its face and desperately peculiar that it is an insult to international viewers. Suwa also runs a poor, fluffy segment with an unusually emaciated Juliette Binoche, who mourns the loss of her son. Nothing else happens. Finally, the summary and the interweaving of the 18 stories at the end feel somewhat hasty and unenthusiastic. <br /> <br /> However, Paris je t'aime really consents to the quality, since all the other stories are fine. -Created with crisp performance and fun writing. It is undoubtedly one of the highlights of 2006 (it does not say much, I suppose) and a very personal movie in the sense that it is inevitable to choose a favorite and a less favorite one. Highly recommended for most "pretentious" audiences (heh). <br /> <br /> 8 of 10
