Although Cameron Grant was clearly hired to replace Andrew Blake in Ultimate Pictures when the latter started his own company (Studio A), he practically outdid the "Master" from the beginning when it comes to creating sex scenes. So, while all the ornaments for Blake's window had been pioneers (the stars in fetish lingerie and sunglasses, combed and groomed as if they were about to arrive on the catwalk) they remained very present and represented, Grant added his touch personal to carnal content In doing so, he elevated the heat to a level that had eluded Big A since his first visit. and in my humble opinion? Movie NIGHTS TRAVEL. Cam's first effort, ELEMENTS OF DESIRE, could still have been impeded by too slavish an adherence to Blake's aesthetic (with a large number of girls in puppets), but his subsequent HOLIDAY DINNER already shows it at the top of his way in what must surely be classified as his masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The title explains the premise as a group of good friends and acquaintances who meet during dinner to exchange engaging stories, with an extended orgy at the conclusion. The delicious Juli Ashton and Tammy Parks blur the impeccable food delicacies in the sequence of their cuisine, which will surely delight those with a taste for combining the pleasures of the palette with those of the meat. Busty Crystal Gold (here: "Catalina") was rarely more than a reliable second band, adding flavor to several Onas Zee in the gangue basement, however, it looks absolutely stunning here in a romantic four-poster party with the fabulous Vince Voyeur Beautiful blondes Kylie Ireland and Yvonne, kissing with Marc Davis (for the record, the last two were an article at the time) under a waterfall, complete the eye candy section of the film. <br /> <br /> It's time to start cooking The early Jenna Jameson ("Daisy" back then) portends the greatness that comes when she drains Frank Towers ("Mark Slade" in her later shift to the gay side of the industry) of all vital juices, albeit with a little help from the brunette diva. for an effective contrast, the stylish industrial setting of the scene provides an atmospheric backdrop for the full-tilt sex that takes place. Gerry Pike, a construction worker who seems impossible, seeks to cool off on a sweltering summer day with a hose, a too tempting possibility for Asia's most important business woman Carrera (despite herself, the most painful and beautiful) I let it pass. The best of the show must be the imaginative sequence that has the unpleasant Norma Jeane and the handsome Sean Michaels joking with each other? for starters ! ?? while it was separated by a glass partition to the predictably striking conclusion. <br /> <br /> With a sex that proves to be artistic or hot, and most of the time, Grant has prepared a real mix of meaty products to continue the movie. The gastronomic analogy that the title implies. Couples may be the main audience, but an alternation between naughty 'n' nice should rightly include that recipe for "something for everything" that many adult traits look for. Acting as his own DoP, the director is very attentive to details, like the photo of the pristine white shoes of Asia Carrera, dotted with mud, which enrich his vision. This distinguishes him as a great filmmaker instead of a simple producer, as was the case of Nick Steele, who came forward to take his place in Ultimate? effectively making it a replacement replacement? ?? when he packed for greener pastures.
