Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I must admit that I have enjoyed the films that are often despised: "Quintet", if only for giving me the pleasure of seeing an adult and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, who was unforgettable as the girl in "Prohibited Games"; "Salud", for having Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same cast; "Popeye", for that splendid and surreal world, Olive Oyl by Shelley Duvall and the wonderful locations of Malta; "O.C. & Stiggs", for his proposal of a film against "teenagers"; "Beyond therapy", for all its madness and for the presence of Genèvieve Page, who for his effort to look elegant Parisian is taken for a transvestite ... I have even enjoyed his television movies in one act, as " The Dumb Waiter "and" The Laundry ". When there is not much plot to develop in your films, you have wonderful performances, from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin. I perceive and enjoy the different approaches and descriptions that he makes of the different cultures of the United States. It is a pity that his genius is rarely appreciated, and that he is always forgotten when it comes time to deliver American prizes and prizes. He is not your main provider of fantasies. He is more of a nonconformist. Therefore, it is not surprising for me to find so many negative comments posted here about "The Gingerbread Man", his most 'main' effort to date and as far as I know. I did not know there were so many people who thought like Leonard Maltin, who does not like Altman at all. In this case, you may not like "The Gingerbread Man", but for me the reason has more to do with Grisham than with the director-screenwriter. Some of Altman's trademarks are here: improvised dialogue, excellent performances, a fun lawyer's office with the typical receptionist and irreverent secretary. While some people find it boring, the first act struck me as fascinating, thanks also to the great photograph of Changwei Gu, the man who shot "Red Sorghum," "Ju Dou," and "Goodbye, my concubine." He has a way of showing us the same things we see in other American films, but in a different light. Through his "foreign gaze", almost everything seems new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait until you get older. He can get into trouble if he falls under the spell of someone younger and more beautiful like Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I've done fascinated by someone who is younger than me! Then you have the repellent, threatening and mysterious character of Robert Duvall, while the storm of Geraldo threatens Savannah. The second act becomes a little false and even funny, because Altman may have led him with a smile. I remember that I laughed out loud in several cases with their ironic comments. I think I was applying a bit of Brecht, distancing ourselves, preparing for the third act, which is clearly the pastiche of Hollywood. Altman does it with experience. Being a wise man and an intelligent director, fortunately he did not fall into the traps of today's action movies. It directed a story of lust, greed and death. I was not disappointed a little with the movie. If I give it a nine instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. The American reader has made him a highly successful author of sales. So, why complain? Maybe we should thank Altman for showing us the seams of their stories, the monotony, the plain and the stupidity of all of them. However, he does it with such enthusiasm and humor, that I can not help but disagree with the negative comments. For me, these people watched another movie ... and vice versa.
