Robert Altman should not make a movie like this, but the fact that he did it, and that turns out to be a reasonably good thriller and with a very close wound in that pocket tradition of Grisham's thrillers, shows a versatility that is commendable. In The Gingerbread Man, you have to work with something that, unfortunately, is not always very successful, or at least is not first on your director's checklist: argument. There's one of those big, juicy boiler diagrams where a dejected attorney gets caught by a desperate low-class woman and then a nefarious figure with whom the woman interacts enters their lives in the most amazing way, turns and plots take place . Yada yada And it's amazing that Altman really wanted to take one of these "I saw it coming from back there!" endings, or just a semi-conventional suspense movie. <br /> <br /> But it's a surprise that it's worth it because, oddly enough, Altman is able to capture some of that excellent behavior, or rather is able to not intentionally get it out of a very well-founded set, of a Georgian environment of a small city. The movie is charged with atmosphere (if it's not superlative total craftsmanship, sometimes it's good and sometimes just decent for Altman), since Savannah will likely be hit by a big hurricane and the swamp and swamps and rain will keep things soggy, wet and humid. So the atmosphere is really powerful, but so are the (sometimes) hysterical performances of Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as the 'woman' with whom the lawyer Branaugh is, and Robert Downey Jr (when is that * no * is it good?) As the private Detective in charge of Branaugh. I left Robert Duvall, who in just five minutes of screen time leaves such an indelible impression of hanging the bad vibes of the image? <br /> <br /> As stated, part of the plot is a bit weak, or just a bit of a standard (the lawyer is divorced, a bitter custody battle, innocent and foolish children are looming), but at the same time time I think Altman saw something captivating in the material, something darker than some of the other works of Grisham that have this highlight somehow. If it is not completely masterful, it still works in its limited terms as a mystery of what will happen in the future.
