Steven Spielberg wanted to win an Oscar so bad that he thought he would not win by directing special effects epics (he was nominated for three of them: "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and "ET: The Extra-Terrestrial "So he decided to be very serious when he directed" The Color Purple ", a period film without special effects.The first serious drama of Spielberg is a remarkable film, but the voters of the Academy who voted in 1985" The Color Purple " he received 11 Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, but Spielberg was unfairly rejected when he was not nominated for Best Director, it got worse on Oscar night when this film did not win a single Oscar, it went out completely, that was not right. " The Color Purple "should have won a pair of Oscars, including one for Whoopi Goldberg's spectacular film debut as Celie, a woman who suffers at the hands of an abusive husband (terribly placed by Danny Glove r), then you get s Tronger throughout the movie thanks to some special friends. Oprah Winfrey also made her film debut here and offers a great performance as Sofia, one of those Celie friends. Since I'm from Chicago, I already knew Winfrey because of her talk show (which at the time of the release of this movie had not been broadcast all over the country). Like Goldberg, what a movie debut! Margaret Avery is great as Shug Avery, another friend who is also the lover of Celie's rotten husband. The three actresses received Oscar nominations deserved for their work here (Goldberg for Best Actress, Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). Located in the south during the first half of the 20th century, "The Color Purple" is a film so strong that it made me cry at the end. It also made me laugh sometimes too. Why the voters of the Academy were so difficult not to nominate Spielberg as Best Director is a mystery that still baffles me. But Spielberg would eventually win two years after the Oscars for "Schindler's List" and "Saving Private Ryan," making him one of the best film directors of all time. But I should have been nominated for this movie. The work he did was based on special effects box office hits such as "E.T." to a serious drama like "The Color Purple" was extraordinary. <br /> <br /> **** (of four)
