In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most inconsistent filmmakers of all time. But this is common knowledge; I think his main problem is the variety of genres he covers while, at the same time, he does not develop any kind of style that can label him as an author. Hitchcock liked his suspense and his horror / thriller; Chaplin liked his comedy; Scorsese likes his stories of crime-driven mafias, among others, and Spielberg likes his large-scale and large-budget adventure films that combine enough violence for adults and fun for children. Other darker examples include Kubrick and Welles, who covered too much to write here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is the kind of person who makes a flawed movie around a great idea or a really nice movie that revolves around an apparently boring premise. Falling Down had a great idea, but I found it flawed and anticlimactic with too many scenes that apparently are based on comedy. Batman is a superhero; Superhero movies have been great hits recently, so it did not escape me how he managed to make not one but two superhero movies. Then comes 8MM; a film with a basic premise that runs in an impressive way before Tigerland which, in my opinion, is the best Schumacher film of what I've seen so far. With the war genre, laughter is not something you would associate with him most of the time. I remember making fun of the absurdity of the D-Day landings during Saving Private Ryan: the moment I first saw the movie, I did not have much knowledge of the World War II bar when it started and ended. My eyebrows lifted, my mouth opened slightly with a faint "I can not believe he smiled" on my face. Needless to say, it was because of that movie that I searched to learn a little more about what that event was about and about the war in general. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war through Bozz (Farrell), a tough and selfish soldier who is training for the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But what is smart here is that there is no war of astonishment. Scenes of struggle and death and destruction. Only one man and his battle with the system most of the time. The things he says and the audacity in which he treats his situation remind a child of the school that is finishing a series of teachers in an extremely strict boarding school. Tigerland can borrow from Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it is a training routine for the Vietnam War, but egos and superego play a more important role here, I think. The superegos that are the drill sergeants face Bozz whose ego is extremely large. There is also the third part of Freud's triangle that sneaks into Bozz: identification. Compared to all the other soldiers who have quite large egos, Bozz is the only one brave enough to show him in front of the sergeants, suggesting what he should not do to float to the surface and express himself: "You are all dead in this situation! "barks a sergeant. "Any questions?" "Yes, if I'm dead, why can I ask a question?" replies Bozz, whose punishments, such as push-ups and dirty food, seem to disconcert him in a true style of identification; that is, he enjoys the punishments. <br /> <br /> Also in relation to superegos, Bozz at one point tries to command a group of soldiers in field training. This is something the current captain of the squad can not do, so he suggests that he lacks both the superego required for the position and the confidence to tell Bozz he is in charge. What follows is a real conversation between Bozz and an existing drill sergeant who gives him his first name. This is where the character of Private Wilson (Whigham) intervenes: his uncontrollable anger and his anger for Bozz explode at a certain moment, all culminating in the only real scenes in the film of a shooting in the form of training exercise in a River. Wilson can not control his impulses and aversion towards Bozz and acts. <br /> <br /> What I also liked about Tigerland is that it is filmed in such a way that it is brave. While it lacks innovation, Tigerland seems to use lower-grade movies or smaller cameras to express its rough look. Make no mistake that this could have been a beautiful movie with a lot of color and appeal. But, we have a documentary focus on the final piece that makes everything look as if it had been filmed in a typical TV camera every day; The emphasis on the hand is also evident, but Schumacher is smart: he never allows the film to become too much like a mockumentry while at the same time suggesting that the film's budget could have been half of what it was. It's worth saying here that Spielberg said he wanted to save Private Ryan to resemble the actual images on the reel or something like that and it was recorded in the war scenes. <br /> <br /> Although it is very fun and entertaining, Tigerland is still a great study of what makes people tick; Not necessarily in the war but in the closest possible substitute. His study of a man and how much he hates the system that can not even take it seriously is as fascinating as the drive of each soldier. There are several memorable scenes and situations that culminate in a happy ending, if not unhappy, that will open your mind and make you think about what it really is like in the army.
