The Bodacious Journey of Will and Ted is an existential journey through themes of mortality, religion, time, Heaven and Hell, man's search for fame and his fears that the body is overcome by a soulless machine. It is the most intelligent fiction work since Paradise Lost and refers to many great works of art passed: Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time, the uncles are a famous rock band that has traveled through time collecting icons of the past: Napoleon, Joan Of Ark (wife of Noah), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they learned from each of these people, kidnapped a couple of Princesses and finally learned to play their guitars and write successful songs. These songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger, evil are overcome for eternity. We move quickly into the distant future where an evil dictator who despises good music called Simon Cow-Al wants to rule the world. He eats Rooshus (the great kid from the first movie that helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gains the power to send two cyborgs into the past. The cyborgs are living tissues on the metal exoskeleton and are coated with polyimatic mimetic, which allows them to survive the agitation of time travel and can mimic everything they show by physical contact. It's your job to kill the good Biff and Fred and take charge of their lives by making terrible music that nobody would like. By doing this, they will change the world forever. The music of Gryll and Jed will never be done abandoning a world of war, hunger and hatred, and, what is more annoying, the pop music of a group of bland children. There is a surprising twist to killing the good guys and they have to find a way to save the world, themselves and their wives from the evil Dopplebangers that inhabit their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows you the knowledge of both youth culture and real culture by mixing modern music and phrases with postmodern sets and artistic references, and seeks to teach us something by deepening our own psyche to show ourselves It presents the nightmares that the adolescent of the late 80s faced in a society that had abandoned them and invites us to analyze post-structuralist jingoism, self-love and the discomfort of the time. Carrying us with the belief that we can change the world is an inspiring message, but to achieve those dreams we must go through and face our nightmares. To overcome is to triumph, to defeat Death is the first step to truly live and not merely survive. In the words of Kenneth Reeves: 'Wow!' Best scene: for a fun game, see how many songs, bands and albums cover the references you can detect throughout the movie. There are at least 6.
