I reflect on the days when I held my boyfriend's hat to smell his existence in my time only when I was 16 years old. The little moments of this film are so precise and in line with what is happening in the minds and hearts of young girls in adulthood. Now, at my age, I want to preach to you about your decisions and how life in those times is not as important as it seems at that time. That if they can be patient in their youth and expect to experience the difficulties of life, both external and internal, life would be much sweeter. But again, young people today face some variables that I never had to face with a young man. <br /> <br /> The three main characters well played by the three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez - Maria) give us the very credible description of a piece of reality for young women who live in impoverished situations. They have impoverished family lives, all raised by single mothers with the expectation of Lanisha whose father is present but not actively supporting her on a day-to-day basis. They have impoverished educational systems and lack direct contact to achieve models to imitate. These situations affect them powerfully and are their reality, but all this is not a great depressive concern for these young people in their day to day. Except for their plight and focus on the same things that worry girls all over the world. Find true love in a man, have good friends you can depend on, gain a little respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoy life. This is when this film crosses the race, age and gender gap imposed by its characters and the environment in which it is stamped. <br /> <br /> The director and writer McKay explains on the DVD how each of the scenes got into his head, just looking at the young people of that age who lived in those kind of neighborhoods. Also, add three upcoming actresses who are not so far from that moment in their own lives that you get a good real synergy of reality and the best performance. The only thing I know (African Americans and Hispanics) is that there is always a member of the spiritual family or a neighbor who is in the foreground or near the earth, believing in a better day, a better life and a future despite the situation current and its role. modeling that to some extent. This was never touched in the film to not preach and I understand that, but it also reduces the culture to have no hope in anything other than themselves. <br /> <br /> THE FACTOR OF HOPE: Now I think about my future and where I come from and I say how Lanisha did it: "Today is a good day". Yes, poverty still exists, racism, sexism and any other ism that we can add. Yes, some of the actions of each of these young people perpetuate the isms and are self-destructive, everything around them is impoverished, but NONE of those past or present actions or their environment leaves them hopeless for a bright future. I was left with the sad hope of each of the characters and a deeper desire to be a role model in the life of a young woman on the verge of making a destructive decision. I guess that's the value of the movie that should not only be entertaining, but should make each of us think, reflect and then act in some positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
