"Someday, we will walk under the rays of a beautiful sun, someday, when the world is much brighter" - The 5 steps "Ooh, child" <br /> <br /> Movies about black teenagers usually involve the interior from the city bands that traffic drugs or commit acts of violence in a hip-hop soundtrack. It is difficult to find movies about the everyday problems of teenagers in the common urban centers, but there is a jewel to discover that I would like to recommend. Our song, by Jim McKay, is about three girls in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn who learn that their high school will be closed for asbestos removal and they must decide their future direction, one that may involve going different ways. The story is told from the point of view of a 15-year-old, not an adult who remembers the past as in most adult films. Avoiding the obligatory street slang and the excessive use of F-words, he offers an honest and loving portrait of three friends at a crossroads in his life. The girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their second year at the local high school. They are active members of the Jackie Robinson Steppers, a real-life music band whose rehearsals for a Labor Day parade provide discipline and purpose in their lives. <br /> <br /> Similar to George Washington, by David Gordon Green, but less stylized, the film features non-professional black and Latino actors with Kerry Washington as the standout. While the performances have some amateur moments, I got so involved with the story that I forgot that the girls even acted. Maria, whose father is in jail, learned that she is pregnant with Terrell, a local student. She wants to have the baby even though she is only 15 years old and knows that Terrell is not likely to be very helpful. Joycelyn works in a large-scale clothing store but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very touching scene in his bedroom, he pretends to be talking to his admirers, then he lies down in bed to recite one of his poems. She is close to Lanisha and Maria at first, but travels to make friends outside of the neighborhood. None of the girls receives much support at home and Maria is too afraid to tell her mother about her baby. However, single mothers are not typical of movies or alcoholics. They are caring and loving parents whose time with their children is limited due to the pressure of supporting the family. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced, but she can visit her father, a doorman in a luxurious apartment building and talk about music. Her mother feels comforted when Lanisha finds out that a neighborhood friend has committed suicide, a somewhat melodramatic plot point in a film that would otherwise be realistic. As the summer progresses, the girls split up and each one decides a different course. There are no great dramatic moments, however, only the sad acknowledgment of the inevitability of change. While we do not have blinders on the frustrations that can wait for them, we identify with their hopes and dreams without dwelling on the negative. Our Song is an emotionally satisfying film about how to grow in projects that refuses to see life in other terms than the possibility.
