When you start to see this masterpiece of animation, you quickly realize that it is a European production. Although the Europeans (sadly) have integrated some of the clichés that would normally be found in a US production of this type, most are missing. One of them is that there is an overwhelming evil that only our heroes (very few and very unlikely) can overcome. Another is that one of the groups is alone in the business for the money, is greedy, escapes when the heat increases, but somehow gives in to its better nature. This movie would have been better without both. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a television series that came out four years before the movie. Unlike the movie, the television series is a caricature and not a computer animation. At first I thought that the computer would kill the charm and the character of the plot, but I was quickly convinced: Who did the animation knew what I had to do! Although the characters are obviously fictitious (in still images they do not even seem real), they seem as alive and sensitive as the audience that follows their search. Making characters that according to "normal" standards could be considered deformed (those micro-legs could never carry that giant body, much less make it jump) so alive and friendly is more than "just a highlight"! The creation of the world is another masterpiece. Not so much for its appearance, but for its inventiveness. The world in which our heroes travel is not as solid as ours, but is made up of many terrains that vary in shape and size and seem to float in the air. When a person steps on a smaller piece of land, he nods as if he were shedding the weight. In some cases, the ups and downs no longer apply, but our heroes still manage to establish themselves somewhere. Although the world of floating islands is completely surreal, in this film it is absolutely credible and after a short time it does not seem more strange than hitting a car somewhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote that The looks of the world are not as impressive as the idea. As true as it seems to me, the quality of the world, the characters and the attention to details is amazing. Although the faces of the characters have relatively few attributes, the emotions can be read as clearly as in the face of Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters is wonderfully colorful and there are no two identical configurations. The background is always in motion, something is always happening that makes the world seem even more alive. If you stop the movie and look at the background, you will be surprised at how many details you can find. <br /> <br /> Hector's existence actually puts the icing on the cake. Hector is a little hairy "thing" (possibly the equivalent of a dog in our world) that is totally adorable and extremely funny. Although it is not really important for the main plot, it would be missed as Scrat would be in Ice Age. The really cool thing about Hector is that you need to speak Gibberish to understand it. <br /> <br /> If the movie is so good, why did not I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was quite thin. Two hunters sent to rescue the world from a really bad dragon that wants to swallow the world, are not really original. That in itself would not be a big problem. What I missed was the background information. What kind of dragon was this and why did it look like this? I love mythical stories, but if they become too thin, it seems that they were written once the movie was finished in a weak attempt to give some depth to everything. <br /> <br /> Another thing that I did not like was Zoé. Although a girl like her could be considered adorable, in this movie she was a bit annoying. He seemed quite resistant to all kinds of learning about reality, he kept dreaming of a story book hero and basically slowing down others. It would have been nice if it had developed a bit more and a little earlier in the movie, or it would have been less feminine to start with. For me, the idea of ​​this girl who was there to twist the story was a bit counterproductive for the writers. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a really good movie for almost all ages.
