My first impression would be that this is Beowulf alone with all the good pieces of the fight against Grendel and the dragons intact, so it's an exciting journey from start to finish. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, both had created a fantastic landscape that becomes a character in itself within its history, with an ever changing environment consisting of small spheres of earth floating around, which can be vacant lots or balloons. of vegetation. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, it speaks of a land that is shrinking in anticipation of the unwanted visit of a mighty dragon to loot and destroy, and the resident knights have almost been annihilated. Enter the king's granddaughter, Zoe (Marie Drion), which brings together Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a great beast with immense strength but truly a friendly giant, and his comrade-in-arms Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit), who balances the association with his cunning brain Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (along with his pet creature that proudly casts incipient fires) share a common dream of owning a farmland and spending idyllic days caring for their farm animals in retirement, but to do that comes the requirement of being financially free, hence his career in the extermination of monsters that does not bear fruit. <br /> <br /> That's basically the essential, but what makes this movie a show, is its CG graphic, which is solid, rich, detailed and a wonder to behold. It has some beautifully designed set action pieces that were carefully designed to draw you into the depths of the action, and during those fight sequences, there is not a dull moment. The photorealistic moments of non-existent landscapes make you forget the fantasy of fantasy, and it's easy to be amazed by the landscape that goes beyond the usual three suns and a kaleidoscope of flying things. !) And I did not tire of the end of the battle either, although the usual brick bats will find some fault in the indestructibility of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I guess this movie opened my eyes that there are many more computer animated companies around the world that have quality in their product to match that of Pixar. And this is definitely a movie that the local Zodiac filmmakers: The Race Begins and Legend of the Sea can learn from? so that the story is really simple and let your works of art in movement speak completely. Definitely highly recommended!
