Initially, I thought Secret Sunshine had something critical to say about religion (and here was Christianity), and I was wondering if it would be offensive against the evils of blind faith, or the manipulative power of those who are supposedly holier. that your Surprisingly, was not of any kind and largely did not judge, implementing events as a fact, and allowing the audience to draw their own judgment and conclusion. <br /> <br /> And I can not help, but she laughs at the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who likes the widower Shin-ae (Jeong Do-yeon), and starts going to church when she He does it. The reasons for going to church are many, I suppose, whether to find inner peace, to seek help, to be afraid of eternal damnation in the fires of hell, to reaffirm the faith, or even things like wanting to get married in a church, or miss Chase (I'm not deceiving you). But for each one his own motives for coming to church every Sunday and participating in prayer groups for fellowship, which is dangerous, is when the underlying ulterior motives are not met, and that's when the frustration begins. Or when he discovers how the hypocritical man can be, portraying a face inside the house of God and showing another one outside. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae and her son Jun move to the city of Miryang, which is the birthplace of her late husband. . Wanting to start a new life, he opens a piano shop to give lessons, although upon discovering his new freedom and in a moment of lack of good judgment, another tragedy comes to him. And that takes an hour to arrive. Secret Sunshine really took her time to get to this point, where things start to get a little more interesting, with Shin-ae now, embracing religion to try and accept her current state, reveling in the comfort of that religion and your fellow believers. it can offer. <br /> <br /> What began as a cry of sympathy becomes acceptance and belief that religion offers that silver bullet to solve the ills of all humanity, and sometimes wonders if it is due to their myopic vision of what the almighty is doing for you, that you begin to adopt a somewhat selfish opinion that everything is going well, and in the case of Shin-ae, his magnanimous attitude is wanting to forgive others who have transgressed it, forgetting something very fundamental that if the feeling can affect both. <br /> <br /> The last act is probably the most fun of all, since it says a lot, where most of us can identify: why me and why not another person. how we get angry against our faith and begin to question, unfortunately, without hard and fast answers available. Then, either we stay on the road, or we continue with such rebellious destructive actions. But, somehow, the plug is removed with care in Secret Sunshine so as not to offend, and what could have been an ugly character spokesman, they were silenced. <br /> <br /> If you bite the hype that is generating this film, then perhaps you will realize that it is only worth mentioning the excellent portrait of Jeong Do-yeon, since she totally possesses her role as the widow Shin -ae, who is probably the most unfortunate person on Earth to have to deal with so many tragedies in a short period of time, and if you look carefully, most of which are his work. Seeing its transformation, it's worth the price of the ticket and, despite having my favorite Korean actor, Song Kang-ho, in the film, this is something he has just overcome.
