The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) are the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, as Lee Shin-ae, the main character, is a woman with a small son whose husband died in a tragic accident, and who leaves Seoul to live in Miryang, which was his hometown, with his young son. . Jeon's face is very changeable. She is a girl, flirtatious, elegant, old and sad, desperate and cheerful, with that and terribly isolated in turns, and everything is on her face. The film is also starring Song Kang-ho as Kim, a man who knows her when her car breaks down on entering Miryang, who runs a garage in the city and who follows her all the time, despite her apparent lack of interest. in your attentions. Song is the biggest star in Korea right now, famous for his work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, Memories of Murder and The Host). And yet, here plays a disposable character, almost a forgotten man. But, of course, it makes it interesting and interestingly attractive. He is the essential ballast to prevent the character of Jeon from moving away. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. She comes to the new city, which is a neutral place, a kind of Seoul of poor men, a city "as in any other place," as Kim says (just as he is in a way like any other person). Your little boy is happy, like little children, but sometimes he is also clearly damaged and withdrawn. His father used to snore, and when he misses him, he lies awake, pretending to snore. He goes to school and Shin-ae meets with parents, students and business people. There is a sense of place in the film, although the place is in a sense "anywhere". People speak in the local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and Seoul's origin of Shin-ae is immediately noticeable. Is life really harder here, away from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-ae seems not to realize the danger he is in. <br /> <br /> Something terrible happens. And Shin-ae does not necessarily treat it in the best possible way. But it happens and she must face the consequences. But she can not. She is falling apart. A perpetrator is caught, but that is not a consolation. Eventually, she becomes so desperate that she gives in and goes to a Christian reunion born again and an acquaintance has been pressuring her to attend. She finds peace and frees with this. But when she decides not only to forgive the perpetrator but also to go to prison to tell her, that experience is full of ironies and destroys her again. She becomes bitter and desperate and no longer finds solace in religion. And it gets worse than that. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do-yeon gives him everything in this extremely demanding and selective role. Lee Chang-dong can be a very good director. If an actor of the stature of Song Kang-ho expresses a huge admiration for him, that is convincing. According to Scott Foundas of LA Weekly, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) have highlighted him as "one of the main figures of the recent film renaissance of his country". But this is not as successful a film as other Korean directors whose work I've seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and the prodigious, almost perversely gifted Park Chan-wook. In fact, it can start as Foundas says as a kind of "Asian Alice that no longer lives here" and then "abruptly and without warning" becomes "a kind of thriller, and some time after that, an almost Bressonian study on human suffering. "But that progression does not just seem random and indigestible; the film sinks and loses its momentum towards the end and then simply disappears, without the feeling of an ending. There are also weaknesses in the action. Shin-ae takes stupid risks with his son and makes bad decisions all the time. If she is destined for insanity like Betty in Betty Blue by Jean-Jacques Beineix, which could explain her peculiar and erroneous choices, that is not something that is properly developed. This is an interesting film, certainly disturbing, but it leaves one doubtful and dissatisfied, after passing one for an emotional drainer. <br /> <br /> An official selection of the New York Film Festival presented at Lincoln Center. 2007: an event that has done well for Korean filmmakers in the recent past.
