Korean cinema can be quite surprising for a Western audience, due to the multiplicity of tones and genres that can be found in the same film. In a Coreen drama like this "Secret Sunshine", you will also find some funny parts, suspense scenes and romantic times. "There is not only tragedy in life, there is also tragic comedy," says in one point of the film the character played by Song Kang-ho, which sums up the mix of the image. But do not get me wrong, this heterogeneity of the genres with which the film deals, adds veracity to the experience that this rich film offers its viewers. That does not mean that it lacks unity: on the contrary, it is rare to see such a dense and profound portrait of a woman in pain. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae, who seeks a quiet life with Her son in the birthplace of her late husband, really gives, through all the different faces of suffering that she is going through, the unity of this film. The realistic part is erased by the psychological descriptions of all the phases that the poor mother goes through. Denial, loss, anger, faith, perception of reality: the film follows all the steps that the character crosses and looks like a psychological catalog of all the phases of suffering that a woman can experience. <br /> <br /> The only thing is to accept what may seem like a conceptual experience (the woman wears the mask of tragedy, the man represents the comic interludes) and lets the artifices of the film touch you. I must say that some parts of the film really moved me (especially at the beginning), particularly those related to the inability of Chang Joan to truly help the person he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering tired me emotionally towards the end. However, some cinematic ideas are really impressive and surprising (the scene in which a body is discovered in a large shot is, for example, surprising). This type of scenes turns "Secret Sunshine" into the melo equivalent to "The Host" for horror movies or "Memories of murder" for thrillers. These films are really amazing, more original, aesthetically incredible and they manage to give another dimension to the genres they deal with. The only thing that forgets "Secret Sunshine", since "The host" forgot to give fear, is to make the audience cry: bad point for a melodrama, but good point for a good movie.
