Secret Sunshine marks the return of director Lee Changdong to the world of cinema after an absence of several years. Already with three critically acclaimed films to his credit, he now recruits veteran actor Jeon Doyeon and his considerable talents (Cannes winners) for the lead role of Lee Shinae. What follows is a journey through the tragedy of a woman and an exploration of her coping mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the things that becomes evident when observing Secret Sunshine is that it really does not care to follow a specific genre, but rather picks up gender traits when necessary to convey what it is trying to convey . The story itself follows Lee Shinae as he moves with his son to the city of Milyang (whose Sino-Korean translates to Secret Sunshine). She moved to Milyang after the death of her husband, since it was his hometown, so the film is born of tragedy. And you think things could get better as he opens a piano shop and runs into Jongchan, a clumsy and sympathetic mechanic (played by Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> When we (and Jongchan, tenaciously) follow Shinae when she encounters Milyang and the fate she has for her, the cracks in her armor quickly become evident. She is a woman with problems that tries to cling to her own strength to overcome the tragedy and we observe that she discovers that it is not enough. Secret Sunshine still manages to follow a mostly Aristotelian dramatic arc, but removes the catharsis, which could confuse some viewers, especially the end, but the novelistic symbolism present in Milyang's name, the arguments about sunlight and the images used The movie left me very satisfied, once I started thinking a little more about the film. <br /> <br /> Ms. Jeon is quite impressive at all times, especially if we consider that if the role was not so well interpreted, it would have quickly become a rather painful melodrama, but it captures the nuances of Shinae's attempts to deal with their losses with a subtlety. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this film than other films, but he performs well and gives stage to Mrs. Jeon. Technically, the film is well made in a classic sense. Here a striking aesthetic is not employed, the director is clearly trying to let the story count itself. I think my only real complaint, and one that can not be fixed, is that despite all the time we spent with Shinae, there is a bit of distance between Shinae and the audience (or at least, me). I think that part of this is due to the nature of the work, because if total empathy were pushed, then we could not see the problems that Shinae has objectively. On the other hand, I never felt moved along with the difficult situation of Shinae, despite her many tears and her increasingly erratic behavior. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the movie is still pretty impressive, especially because it stimulated me to think. In this regard, the additional meanings present in it and their reflections on tragedy, confrontation, self-deception, isolation and faith stayed with me long after the credits had ended. Driven by a strong leadership performance, I honestly did not notice its execution time of 2.25 hours. And that says something. Well done. 8/10.
