Lee Chang-dong's exceptional "Secret Sunshine" is the most devastating individual experience of the year. It is a piece of encouraging and brutally honest character about the reverberations of loss and an elegant memento mori that resonates with a surprising density of thought, but which remains as inscrutable as the emotions it observes. Through his layered naturalism and his amazing and incisive vision of small-town dynamics, Lee implicitly deconstructs traditional Korean melodrama by separating kinematics from excess and destroying the arcs that shape his characters and transforms the process into a crushing crushing of stoic realism. <br /> <br /> "Secret Sunshine" is still an immensely compelling and fluid work throughout its execution time of 142 minutes. His bravery in the first hour is filled to the brim with subtextual overtones, remarkable omens and skilful changes of tone caused by the humanistic caprice. Adapted from a story, Lee instills in the film his sensitivity for the sublime paradoxes of life, seen for the last time in his transgenically comic and irreverent "Oasis". Understanding how personal revolutions are forged when the visions of our universe are modified, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm of a widow's sadness through inquisitive scope, but also feels the tumultuous existential currents that underlie the film when Religion becomes a narrative scapegoat in the understanding of cruelty. of human experience. <br /> <br /> Do-yeon Jeon's ("You Are My Sunshine"), Award to the best actress in Cannes in 2007, is well deserved. Her performance as the widow Shin-ae remains a relentless enigma. As a character separated by forces that are beyond his control, the magnificence of this performance is fundamental to the turbulent nature of the film. With Jeon rehearsing one cyclonic agitation after another, there is a tremendous sense of collapse that the movie, to his credit, never comes close. Instead, it finds a delicate balance that destroys the charged theatrics and the later banality of ordinary tragedies and their consequences. She becomes the center of the movie's universe, as well as ours. Filmed in the glorious CinemaScope by hand, the film demolishes the cinematism of frames and compositions by visually sharpening in the same way that it is distressing when the camera never leaves Shin-ae's gaze in times of happiness, guilt and remorse. <Br /> <br /> Does Lee capture the details of life in the small and suspicious city of Miryang? the discomfort of the communal situations, their uncomfortable silences and their devastations arose from personal dramas. Shin-ae's interactions with the townspeople rarely inspire dividends, especially when they are made simply out of obligation to adapt to their son, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). The only recurring acquaintance is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a single mechanic with uncertain intentions who helps her on her way to Miryang in the lovely open sequence of the film to a captivating stream of sunlight. Song has placed himself as a comic antihero in South Korea's biggest movies, but his subtle and discreet delivery affirms that the director's thought process of not having to reveal more than is clearly necessary. ephemeral, then the penalty can never really dissipate. And Lee finds complexity in subsistence. When Shin-ae tries to descend the path of reconciliation to face again with an unimaginable lack of love, he unsuccessfully uses the communion of evangelical Christianity as a consequence of his pain. But Lee knows better than that when he understands that religion, in the context of the human canvas of struggle and misery, is never a simple solution. But Lee never rebukes the essence of religion when he realizes the value of salvation for some through a higher power, even if this serves as a form of denial in others. The scenes in their second half that deal with religion do not allow them to become aggressively disdainful, which is a feat in itself, considering how many filmmakers let the momentum of the material go out of what they need to say to be true to their story . and the characters. <br /> <br /> Lee's first film since appealing to the Minister of Culture and Tourism in his country is an inflexible thesis on human suffering. In such a naive and genuine film, it ardently reveals that there is nothing as simple as emotional catharsis, only the suppression and diminution of agony. "Secret Sunshine" leaves us with tender mercies drawn from evanescence, and points to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
