I did not intend to write this review, but when I read the default review that appears in the URL of this movie, I felt compelled to write a rebuttal. The movie in one word is superlative. It does not deserve the slanderous review that the writer has written. I think the writer has totally lost the point of the movie to a large extent. In fact, I was also discouraged by the excessive show of evangelism devotions that occupied half of the film to a large extent. However, I must disagree with the critic that, in the end, this film is not a piece of propaganda for the evangelist action. I think what the director has shown is that the way religion is not enough to find all the answers, that religion is largely incapable of answering the basic and simple questions one can ask and all that Religion has to offer is sometimes just banalities of one kind or another. This does not demonstrate a value judgment on religion, since we have to remember that religion is transmuted and expressed by ordinary people, mostly well-intentioned, basically good and who generally do not have a monopoly on the truth and, therefore, Religion can not provide the definitive answers. To some questions in life. In short, it is a matter of faith. You have to take it by faith and that's it. And if you are given to faith, then you can appreciate any sign of faith. And if you are not given to faith, then any show of faith is boring. Therefore, it is instructive at the same time to observe the reviewer's reaction to the film. In any case, the director shows us that one can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of the events and the answers to the questions and, despite that, life goes on and there is a "secret light" in this world that awaits all wounded souls, regardless of His religious orientation. And that's just the central message of the movie! Consider the last scene of the movie, if you do not understand this! In the end, the film is excellent and very stimulating, and confronts you: the viewer with questions that must answer for itself. Therefore, it is a work of art that challenges you personally. I agree with the critic in that, the evangelical material was too much. However, given the previous interpretation of religion as shown in the film, I think the director was trying to balance the act by which he could not be called an evangelist. Basher! The actor Kang-ho Song was great as always. It is so balanced and perfect that it is simply amazing. He is my favorite Korean actor without a doubt. I know that the actress Do-yeon Jeon received the Cannes prize for best actress for this film. However, I did not find any specialty in his performance. It seems that to get awards you just have to act really convincing in crying and hysterical scenes and all that. In general, a great movie. If you do not like it ?? Please, see it again and see if it succeeds. If it leaves you unsatisfied or uncomfortable or if you ask questions, then think, if that was not what the director was really aiming for through this movie in the first place!
