Paul Verhoeven has one of the most bizarre works of any major director: he began to make artistic films in his home country in the Netherlands before moving to Hollywood, where he began to make subversive genre pieces that are often considered as simple entertainments by the crowd. The Fourth Man of 1983 was the last film he made before moving to the United States and it seems that it was a transition film for him. <br /> <br /> From the beginning of The Fourth Man, it is clear that the movie will be seen. From the perspective of the famous but impoverished author Gerard. In an apparent tribute to the 1949 film entitled The Third Man by Carol Reed, the film begins with an author making a trip to speak with a crowd of literary enthusiasts. However, the similarities end there, since Gerard has no major complications before reaching the audience and the speech itself is going pretty well. Despite the relative ease with which he fulfills this function, we know that the author is somewhat concerned, since he has realistic fantasies about murdering his roommate before leaving home and also has a surreal fantasy that involves a hotel that see advertised and a distant eyeball. coming out of the peephole of a door. That sometimes it is difficult for him to keep his fantasies separate from reality, it becomes even clearer when an anecdote that counts is exposed as false and he admits that he "lies" the truth until he no longer knows if something was done or not. do not happen. "<br /> <br /> The Fourth Man is full of surrealistic fantasies and dreams that become even more disturbing because it is very easy to see how they relate to the events we have seen and because they sometimes prefigure events that do not "It has not happened yet." Between the effectiveness of the unreal sequences and the careful editing style of Verhoeven, this ends up being the most atmospheric film on this side of Do not Look Now and like that movie, it is full of ambiguity. Unlike that movie, The Fourth Man is also perversely funny, since Gerard's deep-rooted Catholic beliefs seep into all aspects of his life, including sexuality, naturally associating a stylist who knows intimately with the biblical Delilah, although he fears that he will eliminate an even more important symbol of masculinity with his scissors, in a sequence of erotic fantasy that would make Luis Buñuel blush, substitute a man for the one who is attracted by a life-size statue of Christ on the cross. <br /> <br /> The Fourth Man is a horror film that manages to take the viewer in the mind of the protagonist while maintaining a certain ambiguity: it certainly seems as if Gerard is in danger, but it could be more of his "lie of the truth". The film is also full of subtle and not so subtle visual symbolism that helps make it a unique and satisfying cinematic experience.
