See DE VIERDE MAN (also known as THE FOURTH MAN) is a somewhat disturbing and quite fascinating experience. It is a very intense and intense psychological thriller / thriller by the Dutch Paul Verhoeven. He directed this film just before it became big with his "free ticket to Hollywood", the movie FLESH + BLOOD. In many user comments on this site, I noticed the mention of Alfred Hitchcock. In fact, this film could well be Hitchcockian, but I also noticed the touches of the first Cronenberg (the visceral), the flavors of David Lynch (surreal visuals linked to stories) and even Roman Polanski (the plot). The funny thing is that the films of those directors I was thinking about while watching DE VIERDE MAN were not made until after 1983, the year of release of THE FOURTH. Then, imagine. <br /> <br /> Much credit must be given to the story of the original novel by Gerard Reve on which this film is based. Gerard Reve is also the fictitious name of the main character (a tormented writer, played by Jeroen Krabbé, who swings in the dangerous line of a serious psychosis). Now, has anyone stopped and thought about the fact that the word "rêve" means "dream" in French? And the film features many dream / nightmare sequences, often to the point that it is not always known for sure if Gerard is awake or dreaming. Could this be a coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I do not think so. Renée Soutendijk is quite surprising as the protagonist (in a fairly demanding role). Sometimes he seems to be guilty of acting excessively (in a subtle way). But that aspect was clearly intentional to portray the character he plays, since as this film progresses, he is not sure what to really think about this lady and her intentions. Proof again that she is an excellent actress. I might add that the film also contains several scenes that depict male and female frontal nudity, as well as some fairly explicit sex scenes (and you will even notice that some scenes and aspects were clearly the blueprints of the scenes that were later shot for Verhoeven's.) of this film is its large amount of symbolism and biblical references / images, which supposedly made the film hated by some conservative / Catholic movements at the time of its European release, however, it makes the film worthy of a Second visualization Now someone told me recently that he had serious doubts about DE VIERDE MAN One of them is that, supposedly, the film is maneuvered in a position in which it needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to resolve itself. I have great problems with the way Catholicism has been, and still is, sometimes, portrayed in many films of any genre (so not only when it comes to religious-themed horror movies). But surprisingly, I had no doubts regarding FOURTH MAN. Although the appearance of the Virgin Mary in the plot made me scratch my head at one point, I also had fun with that, somehow. I think the keyword of why it did not bother me at all is "duality." Because, this movie works on two levels. Although the 'divine intervention' could have solved the plot from the point of view of the protagonist ... on the other hand: the film implies that all this could have been the delirious digression of a delirious madman. And that's the fun part: you never know for sure. And then there is the question: Could it be that Gerard Reve was somehow receiving distorted visions of things to come ... like receiving omens? At one point in the film, Gerard even tries to trick Christine into believing that he is clairvoyant. The way she plays Christine in that particular scene is exquisite to the eye. <br /> <br /> Therefore, with its convincing story, compelling interpretative performances and an appropriate direction, DE VIERDE MAN is a highly recommended visualization (especially if you enjoy a solid European psychological horror movie). But be sure to see the original version in Dutch (not the folded one).
