I do not know if I would consider it a masterpiece of no, but it is very close; It is extremely well done, it is artistic, full of suspense, it is intricately drawn, presents a thematic challenge and is full of somber images of sexual and religious omens. There is also a great camera work by Jan de Bont, an atmospheric score by Loek Dikker and an outstanding performance by Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk; the latter offers one of the most subtle and subtle performances of 'femme fatale' I've seen. Like many other European films, this film has a brazen attitude and without prejudices towards sex, nudity and the complexities of sexuality and has no reservations about mixing everything with religious and / or surreal images (some would say they are blasphemous). . In other words, if you can not bear to see a lustful homosexual imagining the object of his carnal desire when Jesus crucified on the cross before they both attacked him inside a cemetery crypt, then this might not be the goal. movie for you What surprised me the most is how this strange movie managed to avoid completely being a pretentious disaster. Mix the abstract / surreal / parallel scenes of fantasy-reality and somehow make everything work. Like all good mystery, you can see how the pieces slowly fall into place as the movie progresses. There is NO resolution outside the left field here. The film has direction, there is no unnecessary filling and once it is over, you begin to understand the purpose of what has confused you before. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee that you will love this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who they are, you might still like it. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to ruin the plot by being too detailed, but the opening film of the film, through a web like a spider catches its prey: prepares the stage as Krabbé, while the bisexual writer and unshaven, Gerard Reve (curiously, also the name of the writer whose novel is based) is crossed with a rich, mysterious and sexy woman named Christine (Soutendijk, combining the androgynous styles with the innocence / tenderness of Simone Simon, which is quite disconcerting), which may be a literal "black widow" responsible for the death of her three previous husbands. The two become lovers and move with each other, but they lead us to believe (through the strange behavior of Christine and the frequent appearances of another woman, played by Geert de Jong, who may or may not exist) something terrible the surface is boiling. When another of Christine's lovers, the young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffman), appears in the house, things take an unexpected turn. And that's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> THE 4TH MAN was a great artistic success in much of the world, but it did not reach the US. UU Until 1984, where he received the Best Foreign Film of the Year award from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most common video is the press release, which has been horribly dubbed. Try to avoid it and go directly to the new subtitled version of the Anchor Bay DVD. Since his arrival in the United States, Verhoeven's career has had its ups and downs. He has done some decent movies (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some bad (Showgirls). In fact, the great success of Verhoeven, Basic Instinct, is almost like a less interesting version of the junior league of The Fourth Man. Soutendjik also tried to perform in the United States and, like GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best deals he received, he headed back home in the Netherlands.
