The morbid Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé), who is homosexual, alcoholic and has frequent visions of death, is invited to give a lecture at the Literature Club of Vlissingen. While at the Amsterdam train station, he feels an unrequited attraction for a handsome man embarking on another train. Gerard is introduced to club treasurer and esthetician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who is a wealthy widow who owns the Sphinx beauty salon, and they have a night out. The next morning, Gerard sees the photo of Christine's boyfriend, Herman (Thom Hoffman) and recognizes him as the man he saw at the train station. He suggests that he take Herman to his house to spend a couple of days together, but with the secret intention of seducing the man. Christine travels to Cologne to bring her boyfriend and Gerard is left alone at home. He drinks whiskey and searches in his safe, finding three reels of films with the names of men; He decides to watch the filming and discover that Christine had married the three guys and they all died in tragic accidents. Later, Gerard believes that Christine is a witch and wonders if Herman or he will be her fourth condemned husband. <br /> <br /> The ambiguous "Man Vierde" is another magnificent feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch phase. The story is supported by an excellent script that uses Catholic symbols to increase the tension associated with intelligent dialogues; Magnificent performance by Jeroen Krabbé in the role of a disturbed alcoholic writer; And dazzling cinematography. The inconclusive resolution is open to interpretations as in many European films that explore the common sense and intelligence of the viewers. There are mediocre directors who use the frontal nudity of men to promote their films; However, Paul Verhoeven uses the nudity of Gerard Reve as part of the plot and is never aggressive or seeking sensationalism. Last but not least; The androgynous beauty of sexy Renée Soutendijk fits perfectly with her role as a woman who attracts a gay writer. My vote is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ("The 4th Man")
