Paul Verhoeven's predecessor of his hit hit 'Basic Instinct' is a neo-noir thriller with style and impact. Verhoeven has become known for making garbage films somewhat sordid, both in his native Netherlands and in the United States, and this film is one of the reasons why. The Fourth Man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); a gay, alcoholic and a little crazy writer who goes to Vlissingen to give a talk about the stories he writes. While there, he meets the seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk) who takes him back to his house where he discovers a beautiful photo of one of his lovers and proclaims that he will meet him, even if he kills him. <br /> <Paul Verhoeven twists the truth many times in this movie, and that ensures he never really knows where he is with her. Many of the appearances in The Fourth Man could be what they seem to be, but they could be interpreted as something completely different and this keeps the audience on the edge of their seats for the duration, and also makes the film work like this narrative. It is what thrives. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels he has to restrain himself, and that is one of the things I like most about him. This film presents a very shocking scene that made me feel bad for hours afterwards (and that does not happen very often!). I will not spoil it because it needs the element of surprise to work ... but you will see what I mean when you see the movie (be sure to get the uncut version!). There are also a number of other macabre scenes that are less shocking than the ones I mentioned, but which are nonetheless beautiful; a man is eaten by lions, another has a pipe sent through his skull, a boat breaks in half ... charming. <br /> <br /> The performance in The Fourth Man is nothing special. , but it is solid in everything. Jeroen Krabbé captures the attention of the audience and looks like the drunken writer. However, Renée Soutendijk is the most impressive, as the fatal woman at the center of the story. His performance is what Sharon Stone would imitate nine years later with Basic Instinct, but the original version did better. The direction of Paul Verhoeven is solid, as it directs our attention through numerous points of view, all of which help create the mystery of the story. Verhoeven has continued to make garbage, but obviously he has talent and it is a pity that he does not give it a better use. Of all the Verhoeven movies I've seen, this is the best and although it might be hard to find; Trust me, it's worth the effort.
