A film that can make you shed tears of sadness and tears of joy would be considered a big step in the career of a common filmmaker. The fact is that Steven Spielberg, probably our best storyteller, has been doing this in several movie formats for years. COLOR PURPLE, at that time, was considered risky, especially after action classics such as JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. In retrospect, this film should not have been a surprise, since Spielberg had made us cry tears of joy and sadness in E.T. Critics qualified COLOR PURPLE for their entry into the intellectual rate. It is a whole entrance. There are no special effects, no boasting, just brilliant narrations based on a literary classic by Alice Walker. One surprise is how Spielberg was able to present such a moving film about African-Americans in the deep south. The slavery is gone, but in the south shown here, it seems that blacks are using other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always reprimanded for sentimentalizing his photos or adding a childhood element to please the audience. This is really the first of the overlooked films of his career that he can not make these observations. It is the first in a line of movies that people did not see or would not see because there are no extraterrestrials. EMPIRE OF THE SUN, ALWAYS, LIST OF SCHINDLER, etc. His amazing talent is obvious with this specific image because A) he mainly uses first time actors without training, B) tackles a topic that most felt was not adaptable to the screen, and C) is a pure drama without conditions where the characters grow and they change over approximately 30 years. It is almost epic in appearance and scope, and the fact that it has not won a single Academy Award of 11 nominations is a sham and an insult. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is fabulous like the tortured Celie, an unappealing woman given by her incestuous father to an abusive Danny Glover, whom she only knows as "Mister". The film follows a path of occasional beatings and mental torture that it goes through while it is with "Mister". The PG-13 rated film is quite open to the sexual problems posed by Walker's novel. This is not "The Burning Bed" in Georgia in any way. There is no shameless revenge taken as might be expected. It happens with grace. Goldberg perfectly interprets a human being, someone who needs love and someone who deserves it. The most touching and harrowing moment of the film comes when Goldberg and his sister, Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated, maybe forever. (Do you possibly prefer the separation of the Holocaust between the child and the father?) You may have to check the pulse if this sequence does not move it. <br /> <br /> The purple color represents the beauty of the fields and flowers that surround them. Poor people. There really is something to live for, but love triumphs over all. Spielberg fans take note: the boy can make an unforgettable classic without any cute alien. <br /> <br /> RATING: 10 out of 10
