THE ROUEN AWARDS AND THE TRIUMPH OF "VILLA PARANOIA" The favorite film of the general public, in fact more important than the jury prize, was the brilliant bittersweet dramatic comedy by Erik Clausen, "Villa Paranoia", which was also selected by the European Youth Jury indicative of its appeal to moviegoers of all ages. The following day, the director and actor Clausen traveled to the remote city of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, for a provincial festival of new European cinema, where "Villa Paranoia" received three more awards: Best film, professional jury. Best film, audience award; and Best film from another youth jury composed of "lycéens", French high school students. Five prizes in a single weekend: it's not bad news for a film from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" was awarded the Grand Prize, the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, in San Jose, California, just a week ago, by the distinguished British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), obtaining a total of six prizes in total . a single week If Lars van Trier has put Denmark on the unconventional Dogma film map in recent years, there is now a good chance that veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his capable team of actors will soon show the world that Denmark has more to offer more than a dogmatic movement, that is, a massive audience that pleases young and old alike. In addition, the female protagonist of his film, Sonja Richter, has a presence on the screen so magical that, with a little more exposure, has many possibilities to become the next Scandinavian international Diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fiction film, written, directed and performed by Mr. Clausen, and that uses certain motifs of "The Imaginary Invalid" by Moliere. Anna (Richter), a young and ambitious actress, has lost a very coveted role in Moliere's work and, reduced to making a commercial of completely stupid television chickens, is about to commit suicide. However, Jorgen (Clausen), who runs a large chicken farm that sponsors the place, offers him a job with accommodation and food, taking care of his father, cantineo and senile, wheelchair, Walentin, who has not spoken nor a word from his wife Stella. He committed suicide years before. Anna is the only one who finally finds a way to communicate with the hostile and silent grumpy, and also discovers that she has been feigning deafness and immobility all these years, a "Malade Imaginaire" alive. This will lead her to play the most important role in her own life to discover the dark secret that led to the total withdrawal of Walentin's life and reality. Villa "Paradise-Paranoia", faithful to the tradition of Moliere from which it is partially derived, is a dramatic, comedic, multi-layered and serial psychodrama that literally has something for everyone and only needs a suitable location to reach the kind of general. The international scope deserves it abundantly. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
