Passionate, dramatic, fascinating as flamenco, the film is simply incredible. It is set in the immortal music of Bizet. The original music is written and performed by one of the best classical guitarists, the main defender of the modern flamenco style, Paco de Lucía, who plays a musician with the same name. The legendary flamenco dancer and choreographer Antonio Gades wrote the script and choreographed this fabulous version of the famous novel / opera Georges Bizet / Prosper Mérimée. He plays a main character, Antonio, the famous dancer / choreographer who works on retelling the story of Carmen in the flamenco style that combines dances with singing and rhythmic palms and has a very high level of dynamics that draws spectators enormously. . <Br /> <br /> The brilliant and graceful Cristina Hoyos, whose technical excellence matches the elegant art of her dance, shines in the supporting role. Hoyos was the first dancer in the company of Gades for twenty years (1968-1988) and was the protagonist of three films that Carlos Saura made of the three great shows of Gades: "Bodas de Sangre" (1978), "Carmen" (1983) ) and "El amor brujo" (1985). The beautiful Laura del Sol is a young dancer named Carmen, in which Antony sees at first sight another Carmen, who was immortalized by two Frenchmen, the writer Prosper Mérimée in his most famous novel written in 1846 that inspired the famous Opéra-Comique by George Bizet. 1875 version. <br /> <br /> As in the opera and the novel, Carmen in Saura's film is desirable and deadly, the last fatal woman who has to be free above anything else. He could not tolerate the possessive love of any man and would prefer death to submission. There are about 50 film adaptations of history and opera to the screen, and as different as they are, they all have in common the only possible tragic end. The film by Saura / Gades is unique as the most sensual of all and truly Spanish. I fell in love with him from the first time I saw him more than twenty years ago and today he is as special and beautiful as he was before. Highly recommended
