Undoubtedly, one of the great masterpieces of John Ford, Young Mr. Lincoln went virtually unnoticed at the time of its initial release, no wonder because it was the year 1939, when many of the best films in all history were released of cinema, including the most mythical. Western in the history of the genre, Stagecoach, the milestone of John Ford and many others, such as Gone with the Wind, The Wizard of Oz, Smith Goes to Washington, which won the Oscar in the only category in which the Young Lincoln was nominated . what is the original script <br /> <br /> It remained the most undervalued Ford film for many years, destined to gradually disappear in the shadow of other masterpieces of John Ford, but in the late fifties American and European critics and historians took a note written by the legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein on Young Mr. Lincoln, where he praised him and acknowledged that if he had only had the opportunity to direct any American film that has been done so far, it would definitely be John Young's Young Mr. Lincoln. Impressed by the undisputed preference of Eisenstein, the critics returned to see the film, but only with a slightly different look and the reputation of the film has been increasing since then. <br /> <br /> It was not the first time that the life of one of the most legendary American presidents appeared on the screen. Just at the beginning of the 1930s, Griffith did it in his Abraham Lincoln and the same year as the Ford movie, MGM released that of Abe Cricwell, by John Cromwell, in Illinois. Interestingly, both were based on a very successful Broadway Stage Play released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As for John Ford's films, we can easily find many references to the life and facts and even the death of the mythical figure of Lincoln in several of the director's works, such as 1924 The Iron Horse or 1936 The Prisoner of the Shark Island, the second, like Young Mr. Lincoln, uses as main theme the favorite song of Lincoln - Dixie. <br /> <br /> The script based on a Stage Play and the Lincoln biographies mentioned above. It was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, which was rare for Ford, but the final result was simply magnificent: a script that combines elements of the Game with various historical facts, as well as myths and legends about the beginning of The practice of life and the law of Abraham Lincoln culminated in a hilarious but mostly heartbreaking test scene, which is the highest point of the film and the main generator of laughter and tears, where Lincoln defends the two young brothers accused of a murder and have to design also to help his mother when they take her to court as a witness and where the prosecutor (played by Donald Meek) requires him to indicate which of his children actually committed the murder, obviously forcing her to make an impossible choice to condemn to death and let the other live. <br /> <br /> In general, it is a very moving, moving and even funny movie with a simply magnificent performance by Henry Fonda in his supreme characterization of Abraham Lincoln and with an overwhelming wealth of other characters, no matter how small or great they are, they are incarnated from the wonderful and intelligent script and they are directed by the capacity of the genius of John Ford in one of his best deliveries. A must for all. 10/10
