My what the intuition of a director can bring material that needs the correct push in the right directions. The young Mr. Lincoln is full of some "old-fashioned" values ​​that, in retrospect, in spite of their two-dimensional representation, are performed at least in a more respectable way than one could see in the pap in the current cinema . What makes it work as well as it does, in all its simplicity and grandeur, is that it is really a great court drama in the form of a history lesson. <br /> <br /> We all know Abraham Lincoln as the sixteenth president who made emancipation and after the civil war was assassinated. But as a lawyer in his early years he was charismatic, funny in the most unexpected places and a true gentleman. He is not a superhero who can not do anything wrong (which was Fonda's only apprehension to the party before signing), but a figure with possible defects that are outweighed by his innate goodness and clear vision of right and wrong. <br /> <br /> It is enough to say that John Ford is exceptional as a narrator almost without trying. Actually, it's a lie, he tries, but he does it effortlessly in the study system; he worked independently and, at the same time, pleased Zanuck, so he was practically alone in his own succinct "editing on camera" practices, and he did not move so as not to get too far away from the story. It is this force of conventional wisdom that somehow works hand in hand with the material, as a sort of complementary piece of the American thoroughbred Americana in 1939 as seen in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (only here it is the law and not politics). <br /> <br /> Fonda is fantastic up front, his first with Ford, and never allows us to lose sight of Lincoln beyond makeup and the extra boost in shoes. Fonda's own personality, in a certain sense, as he would in Grapes of Wrath and My Darling Clementine, appears in the character of Lincoln. As unlikely as it may be, there is no one else in this period who could have played at that time: he is mature and wise, but he has the courage to prove himself in this case of a convoluted murder that he saw, but did, that assassin. case. <br /> <br /> Only in small pieces and pieces, like the final shot that superimposes Lincoln walking down the road with his monument, and a couple of small instances during that great scene of the parade at first, seem pretty outdated. As for the goals set with Young Mr. Lincoln, everyone met Ford and his team and the cast; he is not as foolish as one might think, and he has a great balance of humor and genuine pathos.
