This is an evocative and idealized portrait of Lincoln's early life (born in 1809 in Hodgensville-Kentucky and died in Washington in 1865). The excellent film of Ford takes to Abraham Lincoln (Fonda) from its youth. He studied law, customary law and began practicing as a lawyer in 1837. This biography of Hollywood follows Lincoln from his days in the log cabin, his initial relationship with Mary Todd (Weaver), after the couple since his first dance and his departure for the candidate for the congress. But it focuses mainly on a brother (Richard Cromwell, Eddie Quillan) accused of murder, the subsequent trial with fun scenes of debate in court and the protection of his mother (Alice Brady). The Lincoln-Fonda as the defender of the defender and Donald Meek-fiscal are excellent. <br /> <br /> Excellent performance of Henry Fonda as an idealist, traveling traveler of Springfield, was the usual protagonist of Ford in this film, as "Staples of anger, My dear Clementine, and Fort Apache." In addition to Alice Brady's performance as an afflicted mother, she was a great silent film actress, but this is her last film because she died of cancer at an early stage. The facts that Lincoln develops become a skillfully entertaining and entertaining. His interpretation shows a nostalgic yearning for things past and ancient values ​​and describes his goodness, rectitude and will. Lincoln, like John Ford, was a direct man who never varied the ideals of his youth. This American masterpiece is correct in both senses, like a splendid biography and a magnificent drama. <br /> <br /> Other biographies about Abraham Lincoln are the following: 1) "Abraham Lincoln" (1930) of DWGriffith with Walter Huston, Una Merkel, speaking from his birth to his murder; 2) ¨Abe Lincoln in Illinois¨ (1940) by John Cromwell with Raymond Massey, Ruth Gordon, about events similar to the Ford movie through his career as a lawyer 3) TV version entitled ¨Gore Vidal's Lincoln¨ with Sam Waterston and Mary Tyler Moore as Mary Todd.
