In his excellent book, Lincoln in American Memory, the historian Merrill Peterson says that Young Mr. Lincoln is a "dull and terrible movie". This amazingly mistaken analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely good film critics. I am working on a doctoral thesis on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation for writing the dissertation, I made a careful analysis of this film and of the brilliant interpretation of Tag Gallaghers in his seminal book on Ford. The young Mr. Lincoln leaves that culminating year of the first phase of the cinematographic authorship of Ford, 1939. In the greatest of the years of Hollywood, Ford directed three magnificent films, not yet fully appreciated: Drums Along the Mohawk, Stagecoach, and Young Mr.Lincoln. It may seem strange to say that Stagecoach is not totally appreciated, but the most blind critics must perceive that it is one of the best westerns, and perhaps even one of the one hundred best films of all time. However, what is NOT appreciated at all is that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy: a triptych, in fact. Ford is creating a kind of mythical history of America on the screen. Drums along the Mohawk is the revolutionary war. Young Mr. Lincoln is before the Civil War in America. Finally, Stagecoach is the War after the War in America. What the three films have in common is that they are an extended meditation on the American Adam and his "mission to the desert". What are the psychic and social costs of the manifest destiny of the United States, while the United States strives to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes the trip to the Americas, while seeking to reconcile the impulse of civilization (law), with the freedom of the desert. Mr. Lincoln is not history, (it is full of historical "howlers", as both Ford and Trotti knew), but the myth. This is Lincoln, the symbol of justice and mercy. Lincoln, the man of the desert, fights. to found a civilization within itself, and to become the "remarkable legislator" of young America. Young Mr. Lincoln is not James Agee's forgotten teleplay about history, and like Sandburg's biography, it is an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
