This is an entertaining "story" of the FBI, but it must be seen as fiction, because that is exactly what it is. What else could it be when J. Edgar Hoover personally approved it and played a secondary role in the production? James Stewart is excellent, as always, and the supporting cast, with the exception of the talented Vera Miles, is good. Murray Hamilton is especially good at a supporting role as Stewart's partner and best friend. The achievements of the FBI that highlights the film are, without doubt, all true. What is significant is what it leaves out. <br /> <br /> One of the most embarrassing parts of the film is the depiction of the murder of John Dillinger. He is represented in the manner in which it happened, but there is no mention of Melvin Purvis, the head of the Chicago Office who led the operation. Instead, the operation is shown as if the fictional Chip Hardesty was executing it. It has been said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity that Purvis received after they killed Dillinger; Purvis was later transferred to a remote outpost, and shortly after he left the FBI. This is undoubtedly why Purvis was never mentioned in the movie. But this viewer, at least, stopped to think that if Purvis were treated in this way, what would happen to all the agents who performed all the other operations represented in the film? They were also completely ignored and replaced by the fictional Hardesty. <br /> <br /> The movie is probably accurate in its depiction of FBI activity until the end of World War II. However, after that time, the film would make us believe that the only threat that the US faces. UU It came from international communism, which is undoubtedly what Hoover believed. It does not matter the mafia. It does not matter the lynchings that were still happening in the south. It does not matter that blacks were intimidated to prevent them from voting in much of the South. I do not know if the FBI had started listening to Martin Luther King when this movie was made, but if it was not, it started soon after. <br /> <br /> As I said in the To begin with, this is a pretty good entertainment, but it should look like the fictional disinfected that it is.
