The Drug Years really suffers from one of those aspects to the miniseries or other types of television documentaries that are repeated over and over again for a couple of weeks on television. Actually it's not long enough, somehow. All the main bases in the decades are covered, and all of them are interesting to observe as views of postmodern history and from different sides. But it almost does not cover enough, or at least what is covered is sometimes given once when it could deserve more time. For example, the information and details in the third part about the whole process and the business itself of sending massive quantities of drugs (partly marijuana, later cocaine) are really well presented, but there are more details They are kept in order of how much there is time to cover. <br /> <br /> In general, although the documentary sheds enough light on how drugs, popular culture, government intervention, the upper classes and the lower classes and the suburbs, all felt the wave of various drugs A Over the years, and the interaction among all was very evident. No one in the movie (except for the possibility of small hints in the pot) will directly support the drugs, but what is shown are those that appear in archive clips about the honesty of what is sometimes fun, and then tragic, about taking certain drugs. . The appearances of several firm and ridiculously anti-drug officials have some difficult points, even in a general description of drug cultures and the United States connection in general, since in reality there is only one important point that is mentioned a couple of times. . by one of the interviewees. The only way to really address the issue of drugs is not just to say no, because the war on drugs has shown that it is not as effective as previously thought. It really is simply to clarify everywhere all the medicines and people who can be hypocritical with them (as, for example, oxycontin continues in the market). <br /> <br /> Is with the great Interest and depth of a Ken Burns documentary? No, but during some summers on summer television for young people (that is, my age) who will see much of this as an almost ancient story even though most of it was not more than a generation ago, as well as for those " old "that can reflect Some decades later, on the great peaks, the careless times and then the disillusionment caused by the same means that years before propagated and publicized. There are those who might find that the documentary is particularly biased, which is not entirely false, but tries to get quite different shots of the social, political and entertainment conditions of the interlocking drugs (for good or for good, worse) for a sufficient amount from A fascinating sight.
