['With the death of her ill husband, May, an older woman faces a future in an urban world that sees her as invisible, dead and unpleasant in the pseudo-sophisticated yuppie houses of her son, Bobby and his shallow wife. , Helen and Paula, an absorbed daughter, attached and with little talent. The central family is anything but warm, understanding and understanding of her new and tragic stage in life with the death of her husband. The Mother is a silent study that points out that in some societies, the older father is not welcome and is a burden for the adult children whose careers and status seek to eclipse everything else. <br /><br /> When May realizes that the world is still important to her, the lonely widow finds her libido rekindled and alive with her daughter&#39;s boyfriend, a carpenter and a tough guy. May embarks on an uninhibited sexual relationship with Darren, whose character sympathizes at first, but her defective nature is quickly revealed through the pressures of the women around him. <br /><br /> This is the kind of role that Hollywood actresses of a certain age never wrote for them, but they would never appear because frankness, open sexuality, unattractive costumes, little makeup and social comments about the vapidity of society itself, most movies. The women of the industry are delighted. The performance of the main actress, Anne Reid, goes from quiet to dizzy and her performance blooms on the screen from the monotonous widow to a sexually alive and liberated middle-aged woman with no face lift, hair extensions and liposuction. She bares more than her soul on the screen. <br /><br /> Daniel Craig is the maintenance assistant, Derrek, who sleeps with the mother and daughter. It revolves in another stellar performance that at first sympathizes with the situation of the widow, but in the end it has no redemption, since its true nature develops and is, literally, the rooster in a henhouse. The inability of his character aimlessly to say no to the ex-wife, bored girlfriend, and his mother is blamed as the root of his ineffective existence. While he is good with his hands in building a conservatory, he can not build meaning in his life. <br /><br /> One of the best films of Great Britain in years, is simply an adult in its history. The Mother is the weird kind of movie that might be too honest for American audiences to tolerate not having a car chase, bling, or a rap soundtrack to drown the performances of the cretins of the TV stars and the buffs of buff The Mother reflects how baby boomers who are aging now are disposable people that children are willing to overlook, send to the retirement home and get out of the way. May does not know what to do when Darren makes her live, is not willing to go to the home of the elderly and discovers that her children are more conservative than she was at her age.']
