This is an excellent film that deals with a potentially exploitative theme with great sensitivity. Anne Reid, formerly known in the UK for her television roles, including 'Dinnerladies' (a Victoria Wood series with a script about corporate catering workers within the company, if asked), offers an interpretation of a euphemism refined as May, a late event. Sixties mother of two class adults chattering in an inner district of London. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) dies in his visit to the male of this last species (Bobby), and we see that the couple is casually greeted by Bobby and his family. However, May's daughter, Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw), lives nearby, and the relationship between May and Paula initially seems closer. Therefore, when May decides that she can not live in her own home and returns to London, she can stay at Paula's house and take care of Paula's most appreciative children. <br /> <br /> It's in the May visits. to Bobby's house that embarks on an adventure with Darren, a friend of Bobby's in the mid-30s who is working on an extension of the house. In what may be the first dominant British film that portrays him, it is May and not Darren (Daniel Craig *) who initiates the encounter and, at least to begin with, it seems that the relationship is based on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least in the DVD that I saw: the differences in the distribution list of IMDb suggest the existence of other versions), and the physical basis of the matter is handled directly but not in an exploitative way. The relationship between May and her daughter Paula, a recent conversation about "therapy and self-exploration," which shows that Mom has never supported her, is rather represented. Paula is also Darren's lover, and when she finds Darren and May's explicit but rather poor drawings of May together, things go downhill in a dramatic but controlled way. Only in a movie in English, perhaps, a daughter could announce that she is going to hit her mother, ask her politely to stand up and properly slap her. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, May is being drawn into a putative relationship with a decent but older member (of her own generation) of Paula's group of writers. The contrast between the unwanted sexual relationship and its relationship with Darren is clearly made; it is at that moment that May begins to consent to Paula, and Darren's worm begins to turn (it reveals in the cocaine that he could have been behind his money, if not all the time, but for a while). So May finds herself superfluous for the needs of her two children, and finally returns home (but then leaves on a jet plane for the new pastures). <br /> <br /> The strength of the film is that it portrays with an unbreakable but sympathetic truth. the nature of contemporary relationships between parents and adult siblings, where mourning can leave the surviving parent feeling more alone than if they had no one to care for them. This is not new, but the opening of the representation of sexual necessity in those over 60 may be. The darkness of the content of the film, of a script by Hanif Kureishi, contrasts with the way it lights up (it seems to be a perpetual summer), and the general mood is encouraging: it could have been another piece Located in a severe England and rainy. The ending may not be written, since we do not know where May will go or for how long, maybe it is Shirley Valentine with a pension and, certainly, it is not Picasso. Anne Reid, however, is revealed as a good actor whose professional life will surely have changed forever. Like Julie Andrews in Torn Curtain (told by Paul Newman), "There goes your image of Mary Poppins {read Dinnerladies} forever." <br /> <br /> * Yes, he: announced October 2005 as the new James Bond.
