After the SuperFriends and Scooby Doo left the airwaves on Saturday morning in the fall of 1986, I practically stopped seeing the cartoons on Saturday morning at that time, as those were the only two that kept me tuned. It seemed very promising to me, I "retired" and started sleeping on Saturday mornings. I only went back to TV on Saturday morning in 1988 for that year only for one and only one animated show. <br /> <br /> A new Superman animated show was something I was not going to miss. I was 17 years old and I was in high school at the time, but so what? I loved this show. As far as I can remember, this series was a gift for fans, I suppose, at the celebration of Superman's 50th birthday that particular year. It had the musical theme and the musical style that reminds of the score of the John Williams movie of the films of Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman. Honestly, I felt that the style of animation that Ruby Spears did was reminiscent of the Super Powers Team series: Galactic Guardians by Hanna Barbera a few years earlier. Unfortunately, Danny Dark had not returned as Superman, but I felt that Beau Weaver did a very impressive job, since the voice of Superman and his Clark Kent was as nerdy as Chris Reeve's version. After listening to him as Reed Richards / Mr. Fantastic in the Fantastic Four of the 90s, I could still see this version of Superman in my mind. Ginny McSwain as Lois Lane. Haha What rhymes. She was voice director for Hanna Barbera and Ruby Spears and I guess she was in charge of making Lois. The memories of the SuperFriends were delayed in this series when it came to the voiceover. Jimmy Olsen is Mark Taylor, who at SuperFriends was formerly Firestorm. Perry White is none other than former Batman TV writer Stanley Ralph Ross, who on SuperFriends was Gorilla Grodd and Brainiac at the Super Powers shows. And Lex Luthor, now a billionaire wise tycoon is none other than SuperFriends alumnus, Michael Bell, whom I know best as Zan and the Riddler, as well as many other characters in many other series. <br /> <br /> I felt that this series was a combination of the movie Superman along with the post crisis that John Byrne imagined about Superman, with Lex Luthor as a billionaire tycoon, Jonathan and Martha Kent were alive to see Clark as Superman The series of Bruce Timm and Lois and Clark would also do this. Unfortunately, we never saw Brainiac, Bizarro, Toyman, Metallo or Darkseid. Apart from Luthor, we only saw the Prankster and saw General Zod. I especially enjoyed that episode with Wonder Woman, who was played by BJ Ward, who also played her on the Super Powers team. <br /> <br /> The episodes were sensational and I also enjoyed the stories of Clark's growth and development, from childhood to childhood and adolescence, to an adult who moves to Metropolis in the small segment, the Family Album of Superman. <br /> <br /> The only two things I did not like. It only lasted one season. And after the guest post of Wonder Woman, I expected Batman to appear with the voice of Adam West (still thinking about Super Powers Team episodes, I suppose). I also expected it because in the Prankster episode, the Metropolis baseball team faced Gotham's Goliath. <br /> <br /> Each popular superhero has a series of cartoons that is ultra rare. For SpiderMan, I feel it's the 1981 soloist series that aired at the same time as Amazing Friends. For the Incredible Hulk, it's the 1982 caricature. For the Fantastic Four, it's the 1978 series with HERBIE the Robot. For Batman, it's the New Adventures of Batman 1977 by Filmation with BatMite. But for Superman, the weirdest series is this one. <br /> <br /> Superman books and documentaries never cover it or mention it. This is another series that WB should consider for DVD release. In general, this 1988 version of Superman is fine ... Super !!
