THE TENANTS began as a 1971 short novel by the late Bernard Malamud, writer / philosopher, who examines conflicts between Jews and African-Americans in the incendiary atmosphere of Brooklyn at the time the book was written. As a novel, the story was extremely real: as the transcription to a script by novices David Diamond and Danny Green (who also directs) is more a brain dissertation that gradually comes into action in the final moments. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with a book under his belt, but is currently trying to finish his "newest" book ten years after writing it. Convinced that he must complete the novel in the same environment where it started. he is the only tenant in a condemned tenement in Brooklyn, owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel), who constantly tries to "buy" Harry's lease so that the dirty ruined building can be demolished. In this atmosphere comes another quasi-anti-Semitic black militant writer, Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), whom Harry befriends, hides and offers help to the novelist novelist's attempt to write about the death of all whites. Harry's attempts to help Willie lead to conflict, including Harry's reunion with Willie's girlfriend, the white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) at an unfriendly meeting of Willie's militant black brothers. Willie and Irene are on skates and Harry gradually falls in love with Irene and they plan to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes his novel. When Willie learns of the assignment and is criticized by Harry, Willie explodes and begins the descent not only of a delicate friendship but also of a competition between writers. The end "reveals the slippery nature of the human condition and the human capacity for violence and perdition." <br /> <br /> The actors do their best with a script that is a bit uncomfortable but despite the script lines that border Preaching they create believable characters. The cinematography enhances the story, keeping the mood humid and dense and mainly confined to the condemned building. The musical score makes proper use of the jazz trumpet soloist and the blues piano to underline the tension and isolation of each of these unfounded characters. Although some patience is needed to overcome brain ramblings, in the end it is worth watching the movie. At least try to recreate the strange look of Malamud to life in the big city. Harp grady
