As Jack Nicholson's directorial debut, Drive, He Said shows at least that he is a talented actor director. Even when the story seems to lose its way to the audience (and for a modern audience, if they can find it, what appears from time to time on eBay, it may seem freer than they think), the film contains a vivid image, characterizations interesting The film tells about two university children: the protagonist is Hector (William Tepper, in what limits with a flight performance), a star of the Leopards, the university basketball team in which he plays. While he has to deal with a coach (Bruce Dern) who exerts the pressure to stay focused, and a girlfriend (Karen Black) with his own emotional problems, there is Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the other child. Apparently, Gabriel is a little more than scared by the possibility of being recruited, so in his radical state of mind he does what he can to stay on the sidelines. But as Hector tries to find the balance between his coming fame and those he loves, Gabriel is surpassing the threshold of sanity. <br /> <br /> Nicholson, in the technical aspect of things, shows a fascinating editing style that keeps things on edge during basketball scenes, and implements the darkness in many other scenes with a documentary feel in all. And from Tepper, Black, and even Robert Towne (writer of Chinatown, Last Detail, and Mission: Impossible, among others, who rarely acts), he gets a credible acting job. Although in Tepper there is a tendency to minimize their emotions. In some scenes, for example, when he could act in a brilliant sarcastic way, he does not play for what it's worth. From Margotta, on the other hand, there is a vibrant and twisted force in his performance, and as he descends it is frightening, but perhaps understandable from the times (and what a climax). By the way, Dern steals most of his scenes in a performance that should have earned him an Oscar nomination. Each line of their dialogue is appropriate, true, and has never been interrupted as in the recent presentations of coach films. <br /> <br /> But what the film drags is that the elements that involve the characters are not explained to the extent that one could desire more. The film was based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, who co-wrote the screenplay with Nicholson, and he hoped the film would be longer than it was. It is a thin volume with a lot of information, about the times, about the sport, about the underlying feelings that were with those of the younger generation. Nicholson presents us with these characters and situations, and is rarely shown what motivates them (anti-war protesters are not included, their part is understandable enough). Gabriel is disturbed by what is happening in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector, too, is a guy who has concerns about being drafted into the NBA, and he still loves to play, but what stops him? All this atmosphere is intriguing, how was the experience of college / basketball in the late 60s, but that intriguing quality, which leads to a certain lack of conventionality, remains at a point where it can not go further. In general, the effect of the film as a whole is bittersweet, and something memorable for its good points, and not for the basses. And, of course, you can know who is behind the lens every step of the way. B +
