This is an amazing movie to watch. Using digital technology, the director, Rohmer, has literally embedded his live actors in painted backgrounds. Most of the time this works brilliantly, especially at the beginning, where the film is like an emerging storybook that comes alive. It is less successful in some scenes, where it limits the camera angles (for example, they had not painted the side of some of the buildings), but it is a very interesting way of filming a historical film that deals with our own misconceptions and views. limited of history as history itself. It is narrated using the memories of the former teacher of Duc d'Orleans, Grace Elliott. Therefore, an event generally claimed as proper by Marxist historians, especially in France, is told here from the point of view of an aristocratic foreign woman. Inevitably, a different point of view emerges: there can not be an objective representation. The use of the memory device gives the film a rather episodic quality. Personally, I found the storyline of the King's death more interesting. A staunch realist is surprised when the Duc votes for the death of the King (a basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably useful to follow the dialogue between Grace and the Duc here.) He was a cousin of Louis and chose himself for the Assembly, where he quickly changed his name to Philip Equality). The shooting of Luis' death is masterful. Grace and her maid are in Meudon, outside Paris, watching from a hill with a telescope. We do not see the execution, we only hear the maid's comment, like Grace. The most dramatic event of the Revolution goes off the screen. Grace can not bear to see her king die. His opinion is that of an aristocrat. Any justification for Louis's death is literally beyond his vision. This is a powerful film, very intelligent. The love story between the duc and Grace is insinuated, never told and moved powerfully (although the Duc sometimes seems a bit pompous fool, what does she see in him? Does not take into account the taste). The underground currents of madness (which are simply enough to be a suspect) that devastate individuals at a time like the one in the Revolution are illustrated as Grace's life is turned around, her house is searched daily , and yet he orders his servants to cook it Food and is unable to get dressed! If you have any interest in a subtle and well-told film, make an intelligent use of the new technology to tell an old story, or the representation of a crucial moment in the history of Europe narrated by an aristocratic foreigner, your last stranger, then this It is worth your time. It is a bit slow in some places, but your patience is amply rewarded.
