Retitled from its original Japanese name of LAPUTA (for being an offensive phrase, something that director Hayao Miyazaki did not take into account at that moment), CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third film of the master animator, and is one of his most beloved ones. all the times. Initially, a box office disappointment in its 1986 release, since then it has been received by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver's Travels," CASTLE IN THE SKY is an action adventure tale inspired by steampunk about two young orphans: the young miner Pazu and the mysterious girl Sheeta (who wears a magic crystal around her neck) - They come together to find the lost island of Laputa, which is rumored to have great riches and gems. They are helped by a band of clumsy but friendly aerial pirates led by the fighter Dola (who at first chase them, but who become real allies) and pursued by the government led by his villain agent, Muska, who wants the power of Laputa for their own benefit. <br /> <br /> For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this movie is an excellent choice, with just the right amount of humor, exploration, wonder and mystery. to keep one interested. The work of art, while not as spectacular as in some of Miyazaki's later films, is fantastic and beautiful enough to be seen with imaginative characters and places, incredibly exciting action scenes and amazing flight sequences that will make one feel dizzy And while the characters that populate this story are less complex than Miyazaki's other works, each one has a memorable and endearing personality that stays with the viewer long after the movie ends. Dola, in particular, becomes an excellent comic character, shouting orders to her foolish children in a moment and being Sheeta's protector the next. Muska is one of the few creations of Miyazaki that have become an irredeemable villain, but like Dola, he controls all the scenes in which he finds himself with a sinister charisma that is both attractive and cold. <br /> <br /> Anime fans often compared this movie to Gainax's sci-fi adventure series, NADIA: THE SECRET OF THE BLUE WATER. After all, both works share a story and elements of similar characters ... not to mention that both were created by the same Miyazaki. Where both differ is in their execution. NADIA, though charming for the most part, suffered from taking a wrong turn in its midpoint, becoming a cartoonish nonsense that almost distracted from the main plot, even though it had a strong ending. CASTLE IN THE SKY, on the other hand, is still entertaining and constantly focused for its two hours, and it's the best for him. While the epic tone of the film is sometimes broken by some "cartoonish" moments, like a fight between Pazu's boss and one of Dola's children, it's never to the point that it detracts from the movie. <br /> <br /> Approximately eleven. Years ago, Disney released an English version with a cast of big names like James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin, as well as some appearances by veterans like Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. It also presents an ambitious reworking of Joe Hisaishi's magnificent musical score for a performance by the Seattle Music Orchestra (interestingly, the man behind this rescore is none other than the composer himself). As much as the purists have cried blasphemies for this version because of its occasional extra dialogue and the emphasis mentioned above, Miyazaki had no such problems; in fact, it is said that he applauded the reworking, and for good reason, because the newly recorded music is truly the star of the new dubbing. While there are some cases in which filling in some critically silent scenes from the original Japanese is a bit shocking (especially the journey through a storm cloud infested with dragons), the overall review is fantastic and in many ways enhances the original, especially in scenes like when a robot attacks a fortress and the culminating moments towards the end. Here, Hisaishi shows his musical versatility and his genius to match music with the visual. <br /> <br /> As for the performances in the dubbing, the tracks are probably on the short end of the stick; Pazu, by James Van Der Beek, sounds significantly more mature than his character, while Anna Paquin's Sheeta speaks with a strange accent that fluctuates at times (a problem that really works in favor of the character). That said, both do good jobs in general and provide a fairly credible chemistry at all times. However, it is the animated cast that makes this dubbing so much fun, especially Dola by Cloris Leachman and Muska by Mark Hamill. Both are perfectly fused and steal every scene they are in; As with the rescore, these two really justify a listening of the Disney dub. The adaptation of the script skirts on the loose side sometimes (there are a few additional lines and / or comments (some of which are extremely funny and others a bit exaggerated)), but apart from at least one moot alteration (the speech of Sheeta in the climate confrontation "the world can not live without love" unlike the original "can not survive without Mother Earth"), the characters, the story and the spirit in general remain fairly faithful to the original. In general, it does not make much sense to compare the Disney version with the track in the original language; Each one puts his own stamp on this legendary masterpiece, and I like both. (They are also better than Streamline / JAL, more literally but terribly robotic, lifeless, with abysmal and poorly written lyrics.From the late 80s, do not think this version is "superior" to Disney's. Me, the opposite is true.) <br /> <br /> Either way, you can not go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SKY. It's one of Miyazaki's best times, and I highly recommend it.
