The second feature film by Hayao Miyazaki, and the first to be acclaimed both commercially and critically (although his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind is considered by many fans to be his best), 'Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta' AKA 'Castle in the Sky 'It may seem childish and simplistic compared to his more recent masterpieces such as' Kiki's Delivery Service', 'Mononoke-hime' and 'Spirited Away', but in 1986 he was ahead of many years and was one of the landmarks of modernity. Anime It is important to remember that 'Castle in the Sky' was created two years before the revolutionary 'Akira', and although it is not provocative and controversial like the masterpiece mentioned above, the main characters are mainly hero / heroine / villain characters. mainly basic manga. and the story is quite predictable and obvious (at least in current standards), Miyazaki's designs and animation work are of standards never before seen. While the story and the humor are a bit silly and outdated at times, the film is still very entertaining and very funny, if not as impressive as "Spirited Away". And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the frames by themselves and ignore low-budget coloring and animation and identical twin faces, at this point Miyazaki remains true to his roots and to the agreed-upon standards of Japanese cartoons. I'll see how Miyazaki's genius shines as he does in 'Spirited Away' and Mononoke. While 'Castle in the Sky', a science fiction adventure and very suitable for children, is better suited to classic anime than anything else that has since done, its motives and principles still show and play an important role. To say much more would be to ruin the film, so I will be quietly silent. Suffice to say that I only give nine stars because if I give ten I could not go higher for "Spirited Away" and "Princess Mononoke". And that would be a crime. <br /> <br /> As in most anime movies, I recommend watching the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you do not speak a word of Japanese, the English doubles simply do not. They tend to be very good, and in this case it's just horrible. However, you may want to see it in the English version once, just for the laughs and for the cast full of stars (the English copy was only recorded after the success of 'Spirited Away', as it was for the ' Kiki's delivery service '') - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yes, the Dawson boy!) Fill in the lead roles, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from 'Star Wars', in case you do not know! ) Play the villain and other roles are full of Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Fraile Tuck of the farce of Kevin Costner, Robin Hood) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is Iñigo Montoya ...). Laugh, or some laughs really. But look at the Japanese first.
