It's always difficult to put a stamp on any movie as "the best", whether it's of all time, of a certain genre or whatever, but I think you could make a strong argument that, in fact, Laputa is the best animation movie. It has never been done. In my opinion, it is the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented director of animation in Japan, and it best reflects his strengths as a director, narrator and designer, as well as summarizing all of his favorite underlying themes. The version I'm reviewing is the 2003 American copy (I know, it's a sacrilege for an anime fan to not be able to see it in their native language); there is at least another dub in English, I have it in VHS (I have no idea which source), and that version is the best dubbing I've found of any movie. But I thought it was better to concentrate on the version that people can really find. <br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (voiced by James Van Der Beek here), who is growing up in a mining town when One day, a young girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally falls from the sky . It seems that she is being persecuted by a sinister government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magic crystal that hangs around her neck. To keep things animated, there is also a perversely amusing gang of pirates after the crystal, led by the aging but still boisterous Dola (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the ability of the crystal to reveal the location of the legendary flying city of Laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. Everything is very much in keeping with a fairytale atmosphere, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far the story will go, and the plot is peppered with moments of "gosh-wow" and with his moral custom and warnings about the abuse of the power of the nature. . <br /> <br /> The design work in Laputa, almost twenty years later, is still revolutionary. There are plenty of flying machines of all kinds, absolutely impossible but so meticulously designed that they instantly accept them without blinking. The world is located somewhere in the early twentieth century, with telegraphs and old cars along with those wonderful impossible flying machines. But it is the city itself that is brilliant in execution; Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the Fire of Heaven, and in that juxtaposition is its attractiveness, its power and its danger. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a carefully designed and beautifully rendered film, Laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography. Does Laputa show the reach of most movies? From sweeping flying shots to high-speed chases in small aviators of a single person to boats submerged in the clouds as if they were water? Even with the magic of CGI? you can only daydream. Although we only see a small fraction of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the limits of the frame and we have no problem believing in it. The film also contains one of my favorite action sequences, if not the most exciting: a guardian robot that fell to Earth accidentally reactivated and wreaks havoc on the fortress it is in, while trying to protect Sheeta ( who was the one who woke him). Meanwhile, Pazu and the pirates are thrown into their little flying machines to literally snatch it from the jaws of destruction. From the horrible vision of the robot that incinerated the field to the thrilling rescue of the last second, the entire sequence is a masterpiece of synchronization and camera angles, and knowing exactly how far to take the audience. <br /> <br /> Help Laputa have an incredible score. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the marvelous beauty of this world, the innocence of dew, the exciting and spooky action of the otherworld of the flying city and its strange robotic guardians. Although he recorded it again for this DVD release (which IMO is not an improvement on his original score), adding pieces here and there, the score perfectly matches the visual, a rare total union of sound and vision. <br /> <br /> This is not a bad copy. I am excessively fond of older English dubbing, and it explains things only a little in some places, but I was almost surprised by the way these voices matched those (and with the Japanese pretty well). Dola, in particular, is hard to guess, but Leachman is the fire star as the old pirate (her children are not as good as the original). Paquin does a good job as Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, although I knew it was him early, is talented enough to do Muska (I liked a little more the other English dubbing of Muska, but Hamill is good). Much of the film rests on Pazu's shoulders, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. Listening to it made me think that this team should have had access to the other dub in English, because VDB coincides very closely with the original Pazu. Although again seeing a dub is cause for excommunication among the otaku faithful, as much as I like this movie, I do not think you're sacrificing too much simply by watching this particular anglicist version. John Lassiter of Pixar presents it in advance, and my suspicion is that he, like many others, simply loves this movie so much that they went to great lengths to ensure its high quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki has been successful in the United States in recent years with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few films that did not matter to me), but for me Laputa is still his most important achievement. Anyone familiar with his later work will surely enjoy this earlier work, and again, this movie is a master at the top of his form hitting each cylinder. I would pay a lot of money to see this on a big screen; While that will probably never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic has been preserved on DVD.
