By now, you've probably already heard about Disney's new dubbing of Miyazaki's classic movie, Laputa: Castle In The Sky. In late summer of 1998, Disney launched "Kiki's Delivery Service" in a video that included a preview of the copy of Laputa that said it should be published in "1999". It is obvious that it has already passed that year, but the copy has finally been completed. And it's not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky", only "Castle In The Sky" for dubbing, since Laputa is not such a nice word in Spanish (although they use the word Laputa many times in all the dubbing). It is also likely that you heard that the world-renowned composer, Joe Hisaishi, who originally scored the film, came back to highlight the excellent music with new arrangements. Laputa came out before My Neighbor Totoro and after Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind, which started the Ghibli studio and is a long series of hits. And in my opinion, I think it's one of Miyazaki's best movies with a powerful lesson in this gem of two hours and four minutes. Laputa: Castle in the Sky is a movie for all ages and I urge everyone to see it. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with the history of Castle in the Sky, it starts from the beginning and does not stop. the next two hours The narrative is so impeccable and masterfully designed, you see the true vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, it's a fantastic one. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with a hellish past, since the government keeps her captive in an aircraft. Sheeta has the key to Laputa, the castle in the sky and a lost civilization. The Key of Laputa is a sacred pendant that has, that is looked for by many, namely, the government, the military and the aerial pirate group, the Dola gang (to which Sheeta and Pazu then become friends). Soon, the pirates attack the ship and she escapes during the raid. She falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is smooth and thanks to her pendant. While floating from the sky, Pazu, an orphan boy who survives working in the mines, sees Sheeta and catches her. The two become fast friends, but thanks to their pendant, the two get caught in a great adventure while Dola's gang and the government try to capture Sheeta. One sequence of action after another, we learn all the motives and identities of the character as we move towards the emotional and action-packed climax that will surely please everyone with their fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. More somewhat twisted surprise. I think this movie is simply extraordinary and it lasts for two hours and four minutes. The story is wonderful, as we come to Hayao Miyazaki's animation, which has no limits. The adjustment of the movie is a combo of many periods of time. It seems to take place at the end of the 19th century, but it is an alternative universe that has advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also surprisingly a funny movie. The movie has a lot of fun moments, almost equal to the drama and action that the movie has. I think the funniest part is a fight scene where Pazu's boss confronts a pirate, and shortly after a mutiny breaks out. It's funny, since we see that men compare their strength and music fits perfectly with it. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about how the dub qualifies. An excellent cast gives some great performances to bring these characters to life. The adolescent heartthrob James Van Der Beek plays the hero Pazu, who has a much more mature voice than the Japanese version, where in the original it sounded more childish. Either way, I think his voice is a good fit with Pazu. Anna Paquin, the young Oscar winner of "The Piano", plays Sheeta. This is also a good performance, but the voice is a bit irregular, it does not stay true to an accent. Sometimes it sounds as American as apple pie, but other times it sounds like someone from New Zealand. The performance I enjoyed the most was that of Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dola. Not only is it an excellent performance, but the voice and emotion that gives the character really give life. If there was ever a live action movie from Laputa (Gd do not allow it), she would be the one to interpret it, you can imagine it on paper (well, something). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is another of Hamill's best performances. You may be familiar with Hamill for a long line of voice work after he made the original Star Wars movies, but it makes Muska become a complete evil. His voice sounds like his regular voice and the mix of the Joker, whom he played in many episodes of the Batman animated series. Completing the cast is voice actor Jim Cummings, who does an excellent job brusque as the general and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of the Dola gang. <br /> <br /> Now let me talk about what this special dub really does, the newly arranged music of Joe Hisaishi! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi makes the music and like all Miyazaki movies, the music is very memorable. Each of his scores has its own characters that fit perfectly to the particular movie. Now, these new arrangements he has made are more "American-like", which I think was the goal of the new recordings. Do not worry, the classic melodies of the Japanese version are still here in great shape. The score, for me, seems to be organized in this way is a Hollywood blockbuster. It has more power, it has more emphasis, it is clearer and deeper. The prologue of the film, the first seconds in which they present us to the aircraft, has some new music (I'm not sure, but I think when we saw the ships for the first time there was no music). But most of the music has new backgrounds and more background music to enjoy. Things seem very improved. In a powerful scene, the music is stronger than in the original versions. In a quiet scene, it's quieter. In general, I think many of you will be happy with the new arrangements and mixes, I did it myself and personally I think it helps to improve the film. I prefer the new score over the previous one, and I hope that Disney launches or authorizes music rights to a full-blown soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another positive side of the dub is that the story is still true, and much more. The original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I am sure that some lines changed, and this is the same way that the lines were changed. But most are close or exactly the original lines and dialogues that Miyazaki has written. I was afraid that some excellent lines would be killed, but they were there intact. Some new lines have also been added that help. But I'm not sure if to consider this as something good or bad, Disney did NOT translate the final song, it was in Japanese. I felt mortified when they made completely new songs for Kiki's dubbing, but with this version it's the original song ... in Japanese. So, I think it's good, it's still the original, but it's bad since most of the people who watch this dub speak English. <br /> <br /> There is a great inconvenience in this dubbing, and it deals with how the voices correspond to the character's lips. Of course, in any dubbing it will not be perfect, but I think that in Kiki and Mononoke the dubbing of the lines to match was executed much better (and Disney had a little more time with this ...). Sometimes, everything fits perfectly, sometimes it does not match, and in a rare case, someone says something and the lips do not move at all (there is a scene in which Sheeta laughs and her mouth does not). Move a little). <br /> <br /> As far as the movie itself is concerned, these are my thoughts. I thought that the most amazing part of Laputa was animation. From the start sequence to the end, the animation is so exuberant and detailed that you just have to look in amazement. You see the true nature of each character, the true detail on his face with extreme approaches and action. You have to give a lot of credit for the effort these animators put into this movie. Everything is very well done and beautifully hand drawn, it is like a work of art in movement. And to think, this was done in the mid-eighties. The animation is quite different from Disney, Ghibli has its own distinctive touch that is very different, but very good. And after all these years, the colors look as vibrant as ever. Laputa also has tons of action sequences, many flat dog fights plus some on the ground. These sequences are so well done and so intriguing that it's scary that they're comparable to a big-budget action movie. And the end is just something you MUST see. The sound effects are pure and classic and fit with explosions, gun shots and everything else fine. And like all of Miyazaki's films, each one focuses on a different theme (for example, Kiki: Confidence). This has a great lesson in greed and power. People do not realize how greed can take hold of you and that having too much power is not good. People are obsessed with power and are greedy, and the main villain, Muska, shows this greatly. <br /> <br /> In general, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was a great movie to start, and now it's improved for the most part I'm glad that a more traditional audience now has the chance to see this classic animated movie in all its splendor. With a great cast of voices that put a lot into the film with the excellent musical score of Joe Hisaishi, Disney has done a good job in this dubbing and is quite worthy. Although I think the voices combined better with the mouths of Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney, Castle In The Sky is still a big dub and it's worth it for the long delays, because now it's more possible to experience a fantastic movie.
