Regardless of the personal opinion one may have of the grotesque but beautiful jewel "La bête" by Walerian Borowczyk of 1975, it must be admitted that this strange gem is an absolutely unique cinematic experience. The erotic fairy tale Borowczyk was banned in several countries for a long time, and it is quite obvious why this controversial jewel fell victim to the stupor film censors. "La bête" is a fascinating combination of an intense and beautiful fairy tale atmosphere, a rather explicit eroticism and a genuine rarity that refuses to assume any commitment. The fact that bestiality (in a way) is one of the central themes of the film did not help him with the censors, but he did it very controversial and, therefore, known by a wider audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l 'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), the head of a French aristocratic family, has arranged for his somewhat demented son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel) , the young and beautiful daughter of a wealthy English family. Due to an old curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is strictly against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother arrive at the French farm, Lucy is immediately fascinated by a portrait of the ancestor of the eighteenth century Romilda (Sirpa Lane) and an old book that shows strange drawings. The story will soon become a strange febrile sexual dream ... Without revealing too much, I can say that exceptional film fans should not miss this movie. As strange as it may be, "La bête" is also surprisingly beautiful in style, scenery and cinematography. The fever dream atmosphere is present inside and outside the dream sequences. The forest and the imposing family mansion are magnificent settings, and the beautiful music and the incredible cinematography create an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque story. Very explicit sexuality ranges from the erotic (elegant female nudity, dazzling actresses) to serious and even disgusting dementia (close-ups of the genitals of horses while having sexual intercourse, ...); In any case, it is not likely to be forgotten. The entire cast of "La bête" is fantastic and everyone involved offers excellent performances in eccentric characters (some of whom are seriously insane). The film benefits from an exceptionally beautiful cast, whether it's Lisbeth Hummel at the helm, the Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who sadly died of AIDS in 1999) as the ancestor in dream sequences, or the relatively unknown but particularly dazzling actress Pascale Rivault. who plays the aristocratic daughter who takes every opportunity to have sex with a black servant in a closet. <br /> <br /> I am intentionally not giving a complete description of the most important parts of the plot, since they simply have to be. seen to be believed. Some scenes are among the strangest ever captured in the film, and scenes with the "beast" of the same name are among them. It certainly is not a cup of tea for everyone, but highly recommended for fans of controversial and unusual cinema. A true jewel of worship!
