The film by Polish filmmaker Walerian Borowczyk, The French (1975, also known as The Beast) is among the most controversial and brave films ever made and excellent. This film tells all that has generally been hidden and denied about our nature and our sexual nature, particularly with the symbolism and silence of their images. The images may seem wild, perverse, "sick" or exciting, but all are related to the last mentioned. Sex, desire and death are very strong and primary things, and they dominate all the flesh that has a human soul inside them. They interest us and tempt us so powerfully (and by our nature) that they are considered frightening, unacceptable, and something too wild to be true. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated young woman travels with her mother to a French camp to meet her husband, who will soon become him, with whom he has had some kind of letter. They are all very exciting and the parents and relatives of others are waiting impatiently to see the new people who come to their families. The innocence of the young bride shines and nobody knows what can happen and wake up inside the walls of the great and beautiful French mansion, with all its human beings and animals, and a mysterious "la bête" that turns out to be something that the characters , nor the majority of the audience of the film, could never have imagined to be real and (in front of them). <br /> <br /> The film is about the same subject as the film Debyt Shivers (1975) by the Canadian David Cronenberg. , which occurs inside a huge luxury building in which destructive and bloody parasites spread from person to person through sexual contact and cause people to act with fury and violence in their lust for the pleasure and satisfaction of the instincts. The human has instincts that can be and are stronger than his will and that is why those instincts can be as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of some other animal, a beast, whether it is a desire for blood, revenge or sex and pleasure carnal. Humans are only animals that have intelligence and tools to transmit it, but as we are also animals, that intelligence is not always used too much as you can see in any place that surrounds us. The movie begins greatly, and very surprisingly for most hypocritical attitudes, showing a furious horny male horse waiting to enter the mare and continue the race, but the rage and visible lust we see in his eyes and the violent movements They are the most important thing. The key elements of that beginning and why it is there, not the close-ups of the organs as one could claim so easily. The horse is a beast that fights in an almost unbearable heat, in a heat that is much stronger than its will, since it has no control at that moment. The power of instinct turns an animal into a beast. <br /> <br /> After a memorable start, the characters present themselves, and the film has fantastically all the necessary age groups, from the innocent children who hope to grow up. and develop their flower, adults and elders who all represent their own part of life, creating the face of human life on the screen. A film does not necessarily need more characters in this way, since all the important ones are already there and represent the entire race, including the urban and field inhabitants, and both sexes. The mansion awakens the protagonist girl's sexuality when she sees the horses come together and act as if she never thought. For the first time, she sees something unique and something that excites and feels almost vital to her and her body, like getting water when she is very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film, since she has lived without realizing these things inside her, with her mother and her camera and a boyfriend of the letter, although things have waited for the moment to explode . Meat desires meat and that belongs to being a human animal, but those things are not so easy to admit everywhere and movies like these that try to describe it are banned for decades? The stupidity and unwillingness of man to interpret the images should not be an argument to ban or violate a movie. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the film are also as important as the beginning, and once again demonstrate how powerful film is. Without unnecessary words and without words. As the girl and the audience become aware of what her body begins to feel and desire, she begins to dream of the mysterious beast that is none other than the naked form of ourselves, having lived in the forest without other people. beasts near him. . The dream sequence is what caused and caused most of the controversy along with the frank and honest attitude of the film, and the images are as easy to judge as "perverse" and "pornographic", without the courage to go deeper into they. Reactions of characters and thoughts behind what we see. The images are exciting in his dream and also eventually within the dream of the (more) human character of the dream, and Borowczyk forces us to admit it with images that are so close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman. Which is a beautiful thing and expression of love, another human need. In addition, the numerous and skillfully humorous black humor that makes scenes within the mansion, between the young mother and the black servant, is interrupted many times while someone screams for the servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of Two young humans The bodies being together and being interrupted with a cry of anger at least do not become more pleasant by the interruption. Borowczyk has managed to paint his images so beautiful and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to misinterpret, but nothing seems to be impossible for our cultures and minds that criticize art. Use the dialogue only when necessary, otherwise the images do the work and make the film powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is also there, as flesh dies sooner or later, after years of life and instincts, dies. The ending is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could also have been so powerful without the kind of dramatic and "revealing" ending. Another element of black humor comes when we see the surprised women of the city running out of the place where they saw a little more than they were looking for! They visited the mansion of truth about the flesh, us and them. The film reminds me of the story of the eye of the French writer Georges Bataille, with his same themes about eroticism, death and how both are always connected to the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and fantastic, like this movie, and, naturally, both have been blamed for its "too explicit" content and other equally remarkable superficial comments. <br /> <br /> Borowczyk's film is also very visually beautiful along with his honesty, and nature and the forest have rarely seen themselves as bright and bright as they do in this film. The sun shines through the trees, and everywhere humans live, and its beauty is always there, but so is the ugliness that originates from the inhabitants of the world. For every innocent white sheep there is a selfish, evil and horrible beast in our world and that is why the intelligence that has been given to us never seems to completely overcome the power of our bad instincts and the other side of the sheep, present within each human soul . It's about how many manage to keep the dark side passive and not active. The fulfillment of some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and by using this intelligence and seeing which of the instincts is good and which is bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence and the lethal and destructive circle created by it. The human being is no more than an animal with intelligence, an intelligence that is so easy to forget and devour in the background for things that feel better and more satisfying in each moment, and perhaps sudden. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, an unforgettable and intelligent magical film work with an eternal theme and also an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given by a filmmaker, who is also only a human.
