Ok ... this is a stranger ... Honestly, I can not tell you all the inner points of THE BEAST, because I started to lose interest when nothing happened during the first 45 minutes or more, but wait, it definitely does "pick up" ... <br /> <br /> The plot involves something about a monster in the forest that a French aristocrat girl screwed back into the day. Finally you see "THE BEAST", which looks like a guy dressed in a giant rat bear costume with a horse's dick. The scene takes place with the aristocratic woman running through the forest in search of a lost sheep. The sheep ends up dead and the woman is scared. THE BEAST appears, rapes the girl and shoots 400 gallons of sperm on her. Finally, the girl begins to enjoy the "attention" of the beast that results in some simulated sex scenes of beautiful novels, which include a scene of masturbation with an erotically disconcerting foot in which the woman masturbates the beast with her feet while the monster shoots more huge loads everywhere (yes, I have a fetish with crooked feet, so they demand me ...) ... The whole movie is told in flashbacks and in scenes of breath-taking dialogues They tend to be a bit tedious. A "shocking" but predictable ending concludes this extremely strange movie ... <br /> <br /> THE BEAST is a film that I find hard to rate. The cinematography itself is quite striking and sets, costumes and places are elaborate. The plot is a bit complicated and she seems to take herself very seriously for what ends up being such a funny and involuntary movie about a chick deboning a rat bear. A little bit of tits, ass and hairy French bushes from the 70s to help make up for the boring first half of the movie. I must honestly say that if it were not for the BEAST graphic scenes scattered around the willing maid, this movie would have been really boring, that is, unless you like boring dialogue and a bit of horse graphic sex (the beginning has a VERY close and personal scene of two boneless horses, which include a pulsing female horse vagina and covered with sperm ... ¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡ But the BEAST sex scene is so strange and so refreshing a change from the rest of the movie, I have to say that those scenes alone make up for what would otherwise have been a true I have to recommend it to anyone who thinks he has seen it all: the violation of BEAST is really out there and it is something to be seen in. It is also recommended to fans of the sleazy films of the 70s and 80s, this is it's quite high up. look at your rat-bear beast-rat lovers (like me) ... 8/10
