If, like me, you like your movies to be unique and, unlike most other movies, I recommend you watch The Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic, and fantasy fantasy tale centered around a mythological "Beast" that is rumored to roam the grounds of a French mansion and covet women. The film is very daring with its material, and that is something to give it credit. The issue of bestiality is a definite taboo, and for good reason, I might add; but the film transmits it; straight and to the point. Like other films that handle a taboo subject at its center, The Beast could have tackled it, and made us use our imagination to fill in the gaps, but Borowczyk did not, and he's brave in that regard, especially because making a movie like This will leave him open to all kinds of criticism, but the fact that I have gone ahead with him, in my opinion, means great applause for the guy. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a sequence that sees a male randy horse ride a female. This opener puts an exclamation mark on the film and prepares the audience, in some way, for the incredible tour de force of the eroticism they are about to see. The scenes that the beast mate sees with his wife are gratuitous and shocking, and are meant to offend many people (hence the reason why it was banned for more than 20 years), but these scenes are not simply an excuse for Borowczyk to surprise the viewer; This movie has a defining point. As it was said during the movie; The only difference between man and beast is intelligence. Both man and beast have instincts, only man knows how to control them. The Beast explores this difference between man and beast through sexuality; The fantasy sequence in which the beast appears personifies the control of human desire, and only when the central female character stops controlling it can she see the beast. The film has strong themes from the historical story of 'beast and beast', and in general it is a story of incredibly morbid lust, but not without a moral. <br /> <br /> Many criticize the scenes Around the shocking sex sequences of the film for being boring, but these scenes are important to the film's history. Without these scenes, we could not know the characters or the history of the beast and, what is more important; The story of 'Beauty and the Beast' would not be able to reach the audience this horrible conclusion, and as that is one of the key elements of the film; It would be a real pity. On top of that, Borowczyk keeps his audience entertained through these scenes, not with commotions, but with the dialogue and personality of the upper class of the family, along with the beautiful shots of the mansion's grounds, and therefore you can not see the contrast between that and the later events in the film would not exist either. <br /> <br /> In general, The Beast is a shocking movie. It is the representation of a taboo subject and the impressive way in which it is presented will ensure that this film is not for everyone. However, if you can overcome the impact of the movie and embrace The Beast; What you expect is a skillful and beautiful work of art that should not be missed by anyone willing to give this film a chance.
