This is one of the strangest movies I've seen recently. That's because it seems less like a movie and more like an experimental movie. The Kurasawa experiment was to take a variety of people who live in a dumpster and weave their experiences into a tapestry that offers glimpses of their generally harsh existences. Not all episodes are depressing and severe, but in general this is the tone. Let's see ... we have a case of incest / rape, attempted murder, exchange of wives, alcoholism, infidelity, death of a child after eating contaminated fish, a man with severe depression (never speaks during the film and looks very afraid ), a hopeless dreamer who would probably be diagnosed with schizophrenia, a mentally retarded young man who thinks he is a streetcar driver and spends all his waking hours "driving" his car down the paths between the heaps of trash, a married man with a total madness (I think I liked his character even less than the incestuous rapist!), etc., etc. In fact, it's so depressing that it almost looks like an Ingmar Bergman movie in Japan, since Bergman made MANY movies that tended to deal with mental illness and life's hopelessness. Is it any wonder that after making this movie Kurasawa has tried to commit suicide? So, I liked it? No. It was not a fun experience. But it was a very well made movie that definitely caught my attention and, as a result, I really wanted to see what happened to these people. It was like watching a train crash: YOU DO NOT WANT to see all the carnage, but you can not help but look! Of all the vignettes, I think the older man who tended to take care of everyone and who did not really seem to fit in (he was too well adapted and wise to live in a garbage dump) was destined to represent Kurasawa himself. Perhaps. I dont know. <br /> <br /> If you have seen a variety of Kurasawa movies and have a high tolerance for strange art movies, give this a watch. However, do NOT make this your first experience watching your movies, it is sure to scare many viewers!
