Most people, when they think of expressionist cinema, look at the black and white German films of the mute and early times of sound: films that emphasize inclined angles, extreme contrasts of light and darkness, exaggerated performances and occasional uses of surrealism to create a dream. Environment to diverge from the traditional, naturalistic modes of cinematographic representation. If we are willing to accept that the Germans were not the only filmmakers who created an expressionist cinema (and that the characteristics mentioned above are not prerequisites for expressionist cinema), then I would say that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is a First example of this type of movie. <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, DKD is a little deranged by a Kurosawa movie, dabbling, as it does, in the unreal. However, DKD is also, unlike Dreams, a great movie and probably my favorite photo of Kurosawa. Why? Above all, I think, are the colors. This was, I think, Kurosawa's first color film, and man saturates the film with vibrant primary colors, creating a completely unreal contemporary Japan. We are used to the neon lights and shining skyscrapers of Tokyo; We are not used to a city that seems to have been colored with crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a peculiar movie, since many of its characters live in a junkyard, which seems to live in an alternative universe. That is, I think, the point: these are the foreigners of Tokyo, the people who stayed behind during the great post-World War II advance. The film also represents one of Kurosawa's most heartfelt films; here there is a genuine feeling and a genuine pathos (as when the child's father describes the house of his dreams). It is an astonishingly moving film of a man best known for his breathtaking views and samurais similar to John Ford. Everyone should have known that Kurosawa had such a moving and thought-provoking movie in him (Ikiru prefigures the emotional resonance of this film in many ways). <br /> <br /> I will also argue, to the end, that this is Kurosawa's greatest achievement. His samurai films, though with capable images, pale in comparison to the works of Kobayashi (Hara-kiri is the largest and most intelligent samurai movie dedicated to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all good movies, but they're just good (and, frankly, I think that word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a great movie, as is Ikiru. They are the jewels of the crown that show that Akira was not a samurai pony of a single trick. They reveal their art and mastery in the cinema.
