If Akira Kurosawa did something wrong doing Dodes'ka-den, it was done with the association he formed with the "four knights" (the other three are Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a huge blockbuster to start their association, and instead, Kurosawa, possibly the group's leader, presented a film of abstract and humanistic art with characters living in a decimated poor neighborhood that had many of its characters in front of tragedies dark. If he had done it more independently or he would have gone to another studio that knows it, but it was because of this, among other financial and creative problems, that he also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. And yet, at the end of the As an artist, Kurosawa did not stop delivering what is famous for his dramas: the strengths of the human spirit in the face of adversity. That his backdrop is a little more unusual than most should not be ignored, but it is not at all Kurosawa's fault. <br /> <br /> The material in Dodes'ka-den is absorbing, but not in ways that you usually find the director, and especially because it is handled by the character instead of the plot. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge here is to unite them into a cohesive whole. Rokkuchan, a man-child with brain damage who walks all day making train sounds (the 'click-clack' of '' is the character that starts in the image, although it seems strange (although fortunately it does not have much space to grow the title), only sometimes stops to pray for his mother. But then we separated: there are the father and the son, the last one who looks for food in the restaurants and the first one who follows and continues with specific descriptions of the house of his dreams; an older man looks like death to him, and then we learn that he lost a lot more than he would say to most people, including a woman who has a past with him; a shy and quiet woman who works in servitude to her adoptive father (or uncle, I'm not sure), who rapes her; and a meek man in a suit that has a constant face twitch and a big mean wife, for those who are sociable. <br /> <br /> There are also small markers of people around these characters, like two drunks who keep stumbling every night, like a clock, imposing great demands on their spouses, sometimes (unintentionally) exchanging them! And there is the friendly sake seller on the bicycle who has a sweet but strange connection to the shy and quiet woman. And, of course, there is a group of gossiping women who huddle around a watering hole in the middle of a poor neighborhood, who have nothing good to say about anyone, unless it is something erotic with a boy. The first thing to notice with all this is how Kurosawa establishes the image; It's a bit post-apocalyptic, it does not look for a particular moment or place (that is, until in a couple of shots we see modern cars and streets). It is a marginalized society, but the concerns of these people, however, in a tragic environment, are destined to be deconstructed by a dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosawa is willing to analyze the shattered emotions of people, with a particular scene when the mortal-looking man with sunken eyes and sad, sits to tear the clothes in silence while a woman accompanies him. <br /> <br /> Sometimes there is charm, and even some laughter, to have with these people. I even enjoyed, perhaps ironically, the little moments with Rokkuchan (specifically with the Kurosawa cameo as a painter in the street), or the uncomfortable silences with the man with the facial tics. But while Kurosawa allows his actors a bit of room to improvise, their camera movements remain as they always have been: patient but alert, with broad compositions and claustrophobic shots, pictorial visions and faces sometimes with the stylization of a drama silent thought as a weeper. . In the middle of these sometimes extravagant and moving stories, with some of them (that is, the father and the son in the car) especially sad, Kurosawa lights up his film and designs the color combination as the first in Eastmancolor as if it were a of his paintings. Exuberant, extensive, sometimes spilling over the seams, but always with some control, this place is not necessarily "clearer"; It is as if the abstract had entered at full speed in the scene, where things seem vibrant but are much darker underneath. It is a brilliant sword, complicated double-edged that allows dreamy intonations with such a heavy drama. <br /> <br /> With a sweet 'movie' score by Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran), and some excellent acting by the actors, and some indelible scenes throughout a fantastic career, Dodes'ka-den is a its way a minor work of the director, but, nevertheless, almost perfect in its own terms, as in many Kurosawa dramas like Ikiru. and Redbeard has harsh truths about the human condition without too much sentimentality.
