Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon made two films together in two years. One of them is considered one of the great romantic films of all time, and the film that made Olivier a great movie star (and gave Oberon his best role in performance): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. The other is this movie, made in England a year before. THE DIVORCE OF LADY X is a romantic comedy (like WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic lawyer, but he is also a total misogynist. One night you check into a hotel right in front of a crowd of people. It's a very foggy night (the kind of pea soup fog that was known as London to a notorious "murderous" fog in the 1950s), and the crowd (who had attended a party at the hotel) needs beds. The management tries to let Logan allow one or two socialite ladies to sleep on a sofa and a day bed in their rooms, but he refuses. But he has not counted on Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. As the granddaughter of a high court judge, she manages to enter Logan's rooms and manipulates him so that he not only accepts that she sleeps there, but appropriates his bed (he goes to the sofa, for his discomfort). <br /> <br /> The next day they share a breakfast, and in the small speech it is clear that despite their distrust of women, Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But she refuses with malice to tell him her name. She is determined to learn more about him, and finds that her attitude towards women is exasperating. Meanwhile, Logan is approached by a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential client. Mere suspects that his wife Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes) has a love affair. In fact, he tells Logan that his lordship was with his lover at the hotel, which Logan knows was on the foggy night. Logan (naturally) comes to the conclusion that Lady Mere was her mysterious roommate that night. I will not continue with the plot, except to say that Leslie finally realizes the mistake Logan made, and decides to use it to teach her a lesson about women. <br /> <br /> The script has the feel of a Wodehouse novel, but it is lighter. Still, the performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (like Oberon's grandfather) are splendid. It shows what a good cast can do even with the smallest of materials. Take a look at some of the minor scenes to see what I mean: the first scene of Selden, complaining about his weak coffee to his butler / valet, who dismisses him properly (they have been used to the personalities of others for years) . Or Olivier dealing with a young employee in his office, who is sure there were two Lady Meres in the office two minutes before (there were, but Oberon and Barnes left together), and ends up thinking that the poor employee is a simple fool. Or the waiter at the hotel who can not understand why the tenant in Olivier's room is constantly changing from a man to a woman. As I said, a lovely little comedy, but it's very charming.
