No, I'm not kidding. If ever, ever, have the opportunity to see this movie, see it. If you need to cut your arm to see it, look at it. Worth it. <br /> <br /> Fatty Drives The Bus is different from any movie you've seen. Take the trash cinema and elevate it to a work of art. While it contains bad shots, idiotic characters, bad dialogues, strange performances and cinematography that belong to public access in Iowa, it actually succeeds in its goal as a film. Strive to be the dumbest, weirdest and most insane movie you've ever seen. And always wins. <br /> <br /> I will design the plot for those of you who care about those things (the filmmakers obviously do not), but in reality they do not need to pay too much attention because the plot of the whole movie is presented in a text Very long reproduced before the opening credits. In any case, FDTB (as its fans call it) is the story of a bus ride through Chicago, which is run by Satan. You see, Jesus is in the city, and all the passengers on the bus are supposed to die, and all their souls would have gone to hell, except with Jesus in the city, a lackey in hell cancels the job, and this irritates to Satan because Well, he does not like to look like a fool in front of the man, so he decides to make the people of the bus sign his souls directly, but he is a demon, so he needs to disguise himself, otherwise, who would go he turns with him, so he disguises himself as Roger and gets on the bus, where the driver is never mentioned by name, but he's a little fat, so I guess it's Fatty. The bus (and the passengers) are on a collision course with crazy things! <br /> <br /> Examples of certain madness: the title is repeated on the screen 3 times. I do not know why A character appears on the bus halfway through the trip without explanation or introduction, and occasionally sits next to others, and they look at her as if she does not belong. I do not know why Two characters fall in love and exchange longing glances, which are actually the same shots repeated over and over again. I do not know why. After Satan issues a one minute monologue about transformation in human form, the title card flashes "Satan is going to transform." I do not know why One of the characters is a woman who is obviously a man who is adrift, and other characters call it "the glamorous Bridget." I do not know why. <br /> <br /> If there was something good that came out of my internship at Troma last summer, it was getting my own copy of Fatty Drives The Bus.
