I came across this several years ago while I was navigating a canal on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was obviously a television movie from the 70s, the direction and the score were well enough done to get my attention and, in fact, I was hooked and had to see it until the end. I recently had the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD of this movie (oops, I did not realize that a national one had left a couple of months before) and was very happy to see it again (and in its entirety) <br / > <br /> I do not fully understand the phenomenon, but somehow the 70s seem to have a block in horror movies that are really scary. The decades before the 1970s produced some beautifully filmed movies and most of our lasting horror icons, but are they really scary? No, not very. In the same way, since the 70s, we have achieved horror films that are more brilliant, more exciting, have much better production values ​​and sophisticated special effects, are funnier, more fun, have effective "jumping" moments and some uses very creative gore. , but again ... they are not really terrifying! There is something about the atmosphere of the horror movies of the 70s. The quality of the grainy film. The gloomy and dark scenes illuminated by vast platforms of high-tech lighting. The "edge of the land of dreams" muted the quality of the dialogue and the strange and strident scores of the EQ. The strange sensation of restlessness and ugliness that pervades everything. Everything that works to undermine most of the films of the 70s, in the case of horror, works in their favor. <br /> <br /> Specifically, in this film, the quiet and intense shots of the demon dog looking down on people is quite disconcerting. Much more effective than if they had followed the most obvious route of making the dog growl, mutter and openly hostile ("Cujo"?). Filmmakers wisely keep that for when the dog appears in its supernatural form. The effects when that happens, although they are not sophisticated by today's standards, literally made me shiver. The strange, vaguely defined aspect, "I'm not quite sure what I'm seeing" seems intuitively more like what a true supernatural vision would look like, rather than a hyperrealistic and crystalline optical printer / composer. Confections of horror films of the last days. <br /> <br /> While the human characters in this film do not present themselves as satisfactorily as their nemesis or the world they inhabit, all the actors do a decent job. The brother and sister couple from the "Witch Mountain" movies like, yes, brother and sister, is a bit cheesy trick, but they do it well. Yvette Mimieux always manages to be entertaining if it's not spectacular. Richard Crenna gains more empathy from the audience as the film progresses. His self-doubt as he wonders if the alienation of his family is really due to a supernatural plot or if he is simply succumbing to paranoid schizophrenia is handled fairly well, although his idea that performing a physical routine can provide an explanation of what that you have been experiencing is absurd. in its naivety. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie's The-End-Question-Mark type is one of the only ones I've seen that does not feel like a cheap gimmick, and actually made me think of the options with the what these characters will face next and what they are likely to do and how they would feel about it. <br /> <br /> The detractors of this film can say that it is simply a long-term vehicle for some neato Brilliant retinal shots, but hey, one could say the same for "Blade Runner". :-)
