['This 1953 film by Sam Fuller contains some of his best work, and it&#39;s sad that he could not continue to get the backing of major Hollywood studios to do his stuff. The story line is something like this. A hard, hard and wide (read prostitute) is traveling in the subway on a hot summer day, and Skip McCoy chooses his pocket. What Skip (and the lady) do not realize is that she also carries some microfilm that will be passed on to common spies. This first take without dialogue, and mostly in tight close-ups, is a beauty, one of the many that Fuller uses throughout the film. Jean Peters, who was never better or more handsome, plays the baby known as Candy. One forgets how beautiful she was, and she handles this role very well. Richard Widmark plays Pickpocket, which had already left its mark, and established his style with 1947 Kiss Of Death as the crazy crazy with the creepy laugh, and although here it is a little &quot;softer&quot;, it&#39;s still scary. These hard-edged characters have soft spots here and there, but they are noisy and unpleasant at all times. The outstanding performance belongs to the wonderful Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe, the harassed, saving money to pay for her own funeral. Ritter received a deserved Oscar nomination for her performance, but was lost in Donna Reed&#39;s boring but popular performance as the B girl (read prostitute) in &quot;From Here To Eternity.&quot; Hollywood loves when a good girl gets bad, and loves Oscar even though her performance tends to be horrible. See, for example, Shirley Jones in &quot;Elmer Gantry,&quot; located between the docks and dives of New York City, with black and white photographs of the great Joe MacDonald and very good artistic direction, especially the scene that represents to the city of New York subway and the Widmark hut near the river.Made up to the cold war and the red scare, the villain of the piece is the ordinary-looking communist, played by Richard Kiley, who is much more dangerous that the pickpocket who is a criminal, but is fair Trying to make a living and above all is a loyal American.']
