In what will probably be on my list of the best Fuller films (that is, once I see more of them than just this and Shock Corridor), Pickup on South Street is a black movie where the fatal woman and the male protagonist , they are not stereotyped in the genre. Like most of his other works, Fuller injects his own experiences and the sense of New York style that is generally absent in the corners of Hollywood. With a small budget, at least for the likes of Darryl F. Zanuck-Fuller and his actors, they create people who are nice even in such a dark atmosphere. The good guys are basically the ones who will not get violent with you, even when they're looking for extra money. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter are great in the main parts. Widmark is one of the few actors I can think of who could really have achieved this character. He looks a bit like Bugs Bunny, since he can be an imbecile who is a bit sneaky. On the other hand, the character of Skip McCoy has a set of values ​​in his life. He does not meddle in the affairs of other people, and he does not deal with and care for much of the working world outside of his little hut on the river, after being expelled for three years. He slides up, unbeknownst to him, when he lands a woman (Peters) on the train and picks up an object that is under the Government's eye. You can have some secrets that could make you earn a lot of money. But at what cost is the centerpiece of the film, since it involves Moe (Ritter is one of the best and most credible character actors of the time), the ex of the woman (a volatile Kiley) and the police department . br /> <br /> Apart from the thematic elements, which are reckoned with a sharp dramatic journalistic style (as was the previous position of Fuller, together with the boxer), the dialogue is fresh and involving. There is a spontaneity in many of Fuller's camera movements. And what third act. This is a thin, tight film that's worth checking out, even if you're not familiar with Fuller (it's comparatively less bizarre than some of his later work).
