This film is a spicy little piece by Sam Fuller, which gives Richard Widmark the opportunity to show some of his best and most nervous roles in the role of Skip McCoy, a petty thief who runs into a military secret. picking up the beautiful pocket of Candy (Jean Peters) in a bus full of people. It turns out that Candy was doing a favor to her (ex?) Boyfriend, who works for the "communists". <br /> <br /> Superficially, there is a mystery here regarding Candy's motives and Skip spends much of the film to determine it. reasons ?? In fact, it seems that at first she only assumes that she is a "communist", that she goes so far as to spill beer on her face in a cruel gesture. But the real question is ?? What is happening with Skip? What are your reasons and why does Candy like it so much? Why do we (the audience) want us to like it so much? Basically, what the filmmakers have done here is to create a striking "feral macho" in the character of Widmark and his performance. Just as the male audience tends to meditate throughout a movie like "The Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key" along with the main characters, whether the female character is trustworthy or just a pretty face, the Filmmakers have created here. A similar dilemma for the viewers. Widmark is handsome, and there is also a charm in his lack of child education? but the first two times he meets our protagonist, he steals her and then hits her in the face. Eventually the question becomes ?? Would Skip sink so low as to sell her country for a dollar (her comments to the police, such as "are you waving a flag on ME?" Would make us suspect that she would) or is it simply for revenge for the murder of Her friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure that the film gives us a conclusive answer in both senses. <br /> <br /> Does Thelma Ritter's character work deserve special mention? She has created a truly indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give you a lot of "business"? in the form of physical objects that it uses to attract the audience to its world, particularly its ties used. Another example of Fuller's "business" would be the scene in which Victor Perry (an actor I've seen elsewhere with less effect) uses the chopsticks to intimidate Candy. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on the relationship of Moe with Skip provides One of the most revealing themes of cinema "honor among thieves". In fact, Skip has the same kind of ease and the same kind of casual relationship with the police, with the notable exception of Captain Tiger (Murvyn Vye), who has a grudge against him. I loved the scene where he invited the cops by his name and offered them a beer when they came to pick him up at his hut. Those are the kind of details that make this movie feel real? Whether it is really "realistic" or not, or if that would matter, are completely separate questions. <br /> <br /> In summary, I would say that this is an essential criminal movie that shows many of the best and most enduring attributes. from the film school "film noir". A predictable plot is compensated by a large number of colorful characters (uniformly well done), the cheap sets are disguised by the implacable pace of the film, and the final product feels much more substantial than it probably is. This is the best film I've seen so far by Sam Fuller and it helps me see better why he is considered a master director. here he achieved some things that I think he tried but that he ultimately failed to do in other films like "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor" in terms of very emphatic acting styles and really exciting suspense. This is one of my favorite Widmark performances that I've seen so far? and Widmark was a talent that I'm tempted to say (based on the few extraordinary films I've seen with him) was comparable to that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although it could be said that he did not make so many classic films.
