'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first film by Samuel Fuller, and there I was impressed by the clever combination of B movie aesthetics and the director's big-budget aesthetic, even if the story itself was sheer bullshit. 'Pickup on South Street (1953)' was released a decade earlier in Fuller's career, obviously produced on a larger budget by a renowned studio, Twentieth Century-Fox. However, the visual elements are still remarkable in that there is a natural and somewhat crude element in the photograph, not unlike Dassin's "Night and the City (1950)" and "Panic in the Streets (1950)" Kazan. " by the cinematographer Joe McDonald}. In some scenes, Fuller pushes the camera so close to the faces of his actors that they are out of focus, bluntly recording the intimate thoughts, emotions and short inflections that are communicated through the most revealing facial features: the eye. Although (unexpectedly) it is prone to melodrama, and with only a hint of anticommunist propaganda, "Pickup on South Street" is a great film noir that has great success in its evocation of setting. the subway of New York City. <br /> <br /> When the pickpocket just out of prison, Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark), hooks into a woman's bag in the subway (Jean Peters), pockets more than him. originally negotiated for. The woman, Candy, and her cowardly ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) had been hiding secret information from the Communists, and McKoy has unexpectedly recovered an important micro-film roll. Will it deliver the MacGuffin to the corresponding authorities or will it sell it to the highest bidder? If 'Pickup on South Street' has a flaw, it is that history seems designed solely to reinforce an anti-communist agenda, reeking of propaganda like nothing since World War II (Dwight Taylor, who presented the story, also notably wrote 'The Thin Man Goes Home (1944), "the only propaganda film of the series." For no apparent reason, every identifiable character? Even the self-sufficient Skip McCoy? Eventually he becomes a self-sacrificing patriot, the predictable transformation from the start. traditional black, the criminal who does not apologize always gets his due, the rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when they have served his country, patriotism erases the blackboard. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, an actor that really is beginning to like me, touches the arrogant pickpocket with composure, although always with that hint of discomfort that suggests he is biting more than he can mastic The opening scene in the train is the best of the film, since McCoy, breathless and silent, fishes in his victim's handbag, recalling Bresson's "Pickpocket" (1959). Thelma Ritter is great as a tired woman on the street who will sell information to anyone who is willing to pay for it (although, of course, draw the line in Commies). Jean Peters is well regarded as the poor quality lady who passes information to the other side, playing the role almost completely without glamor; According to reports, Fuller threw the actress in the observation that she had a prostitute's prop with her legs slightly arched. However, Peters must suffer an artificial love story with Widmark that really knocks down the film's realism attempts. Fascinatingly, after its release, the FBI immediately condemned the 'Pickup on South Street' as communist propaganda, and the Communist Party condemned it as the exact opposite. Go figure.
