This epic by Cecil B. DeMille of the Old West contains what may be the best interpretation of Jean Arthur, as a hysterical, eccentric, incurably amoral, but devoutly devouring of Calamity Jane. She really did it! Gary Cooper is in his most taciturn moment, but he manages with some concise sayings: "The plains are great, but the roads cross ... sometimes". History is a pastiche to destroy all pastiches. All cowboy heroes of the Western tradition seem to be there in some way, except Jesse James. Even Abraham Lincoln opens the story in person (or at least, DeMille would make us believe that). There is no space for anything as evanescent as subtlety, this is a story for the masses. However, one notable thing about this film is that it is a very early frontal attack against what Eisenhower finally called "the military industrial complex." It is not just a story about gun runners, but about arming someone for money and doing it from the heart of Washington. But let's not get into politics, let's leave that to DeMille, who can be guaranteed to be superficial. The main interest of this film all these years later is that it uses the first score of the film composed by George Antheil, who has a lot to say about the work in his autobiography, 'Bad Boy of Music'. Antheil seems to have originated "the great sound" adopted by all the subsequent Westerns, where the plains sing with the voices and sounds of innumerable cowboys in the sky, celebrating the open spaces and interlacing common melodies. That's why it does not sound unusual at all, because we've heard it a thousand times. But he seems to have been the first to bring together the combined crunches of all the wise in this symphony of open skies that has entered the American mythical tradition, and has given him a soundtrack that has never varied since then, so to speak. be, but definitely appropriate. It's fun to see Anthony Quinn in an early appearance as a Cheyenne Indian. Gabby Hayes is there somewhere, but you miss him in the crowd. Gary Cooper surpasses them all, looming large, but when was it small?
