The excellent PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET by Sam Fuller is the chosen of the group of a series of low budget low budget vehicles influenced by the Cold War of the 50s. With a duration of less than 80 minutes, PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET It is hard, gritty, explosive and infinitely entertaining. <br /> <br /> The Widmark stars as the pickpocket Skip McCoy, who has already been picked up three times. However, McCoy can not keep his wandering fingers out of trouble, and the problem is exactly what slips when he lifts the moll wallet Candy Candy (Jean Peters). Candy's wallet contains a priceless microfilm roll for the communist movement, and it's her last job for ex-boyfriend Richard Kiley to make the delivery. However, when Widmark picks him up, Peters must do whatever it takes to reclaim the film from which she (initially) does not know anything. <br /> <br /> It's a tasty setup, with the Widmark character, though not the psychopath. of KISS OF DEATH, a true live-cable, unpredictable and hard, but curiously charming. When Bogart or Mitchum entered a role of film noir, they knew what they were going to get: a solitary antihero who maintains his moral integrity and wins. at the end (Bogart), or a too laconic guy who lets himself fall into a trap (Mitchum). With Widmark, you just do not know what you're going to get, and with his incredibly modern acting style (his films always hold up well) it's amazing to watch. Here he struggles between making a big score for himself by selling the film or handing it over to the police and fighting the "communists" on the right side of the law. And he still has to pretend he never stole Peters to avoid the fourth fatal blow on his page. <br /> <br /> Peters gets his best role as the sweet Moll-with-a-heart-of-Candy. The unpredictability of Widmark may be expressed better in his scenes with Peters; The magnificent vagabond quickly (and quite unbelievably, the angle of romance is hurried) falls under Widmark's spell, but Widmark alternates between kissing and slapping her. The beauty of Peters, but the lack of Hollywood glamor too lacquered (Lana Turner would never have worked well in this role), is an important asset for the film. Candy is not innocent, however, she is very vulnerable, constantly being passed and slapped by men. Widmark catches a cold in the first meeting and wakes her up by spilling beer on her face, but in the final act he is much more sensitive to her (after she controls a hell of Kiley). The scene in the hospital with Peters and Widmark should not work, but it works. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter is brilliant as the actress Moe, who deserves her Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like everything else in the movie, is harsh, real and truly honest. His death scene is impressive. The movements of Fuller's camera and the location adjustments are particularly interesting. Fuller loved a good close-up, and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is full of uncomfortable cloistered shots that only increase the tension of the plot. Fuller is not afraid to let the camera stop in one shot for longer than the standard Old-Hollywood allowed, but at the same time he moves away from the scene of Ritter's death to give the audience maximum impact. Urban areas and the unusual angles of the camera face PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET, a bold and modern look. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
