Samuel Fuller is not one of the great directors of the United States. I'm not sure he qualifies as one of the great Hollywood artisans. But he certainly is among the best Hollywood professionals who were willing to march on his own music. During the time he worked for the Hollywood studios, he knew how to take a task, shape the mediocre material that was delivered to him, and then convert it quickly and efficiently into something generally better than his parts ... on time and within budget. . Picking up on South Street is a good example. Superficially, it is one more of the anti-communist films of the early eighties of Hollywood, with appeals to patriotism, a hard hero and a bad-tempered evil (and with considerable perspiration). Fuller turns this bag of Hollywood clichés into a tense and exciting drama with any number of off-center turns. The hero, Skip McCoy, is a loser three times, a small thief with soft fingers who does not change his stripes until the end. The girl from the caper, Candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to overcome if you wish. One of the most attractive characters, Moe Williams, is a character. And in an unusual approach to the Battle of Hollywood against the Communists, calls for patriotism fall on deaf ears; The hero is not motivated by anything so ennobling. He just wants reimbursement for a personal reason, and ends up becoming ... at least for now ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> In addition, most of the actors were assigned to Fuller by the study. He had to do that. Richard Widmark had already established his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. It gives a good portrait of a sexy and silly woman, and no better than her friends ... or her clients ... they want her to be. And Richard Kiley, who would later become a Tony Award-winning star twice on Broadway, is convincingly slippery and cowardly. It's hard to remember that he was the actor that inflicted us, I mean we present "The impossible dream" of Man of La Mancha, <br /> <br /> More than anything, this story of a pickpocket who picks up a bag in a subway car and finds itself with microfilmed secrets instead of cash, pursued by the Federals and the Communists, moves forward with great economy. The entire company, with a classic black look, only takes 80 minutes to tell. The dialogue, with Fuller as a screenwriter, has that cheesy part, partly spicy polished hard-pulp fiction style. "That muffin that scolded you ... she's fine", says a character to Skip about Candy. Fuller moves us fast enough from scene to scene to keep an eye on what's coming next. Then Fuller launches the character of Moe Williams. Suddenly, the story rises to a completely new level of interest, partly relief from the comedy and partly sad, inevitable. <br /> <br /> What I like most about the film is how the opening exemplifies Fuller's talents and strengths. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting right after the credits, Fuller can turn on the movie instantly, establish what the story is about and show us what kind of characters: Skip and Candy, we're going to be involved with. And he does so with such curious curiosity in that train car full and hot that we can almost feel more full of hooking to catch us. <br /> <br /> Glenn Erickson says, in my opinion, one of the best film critics: "In what should be an irrelevant story, Sam Fuller defines his peculiar vision of Americanism from the bottom up: rigid, aggressive "the self-interest that when it is fully expressed recognizes what is wrong and what is good and is not afraid to fight for it. As always in their work, the people who fight the most for their country are the ones who are less likely to benefit from the effort. "He is right, and he makes a movie still alive after 55 years.
