Pickup On South Street is one of the brightest movies ever made. An example of the address: when Candy (Jean Peters) begins to check her purse and notes that her wallet is missing, an alarm sounds at the bottom of the building she is in, as if it were an alarm in her head. It's not like a cartoon: it's subtly woven in the background in a way that hits you on a subconscious level until you've watched the movie several times and simply "clicks" it sounds an alarm bell when it starts frantically checking your bag. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark is way above his game as a smart alec, it's really cool, but the film's outstanding performance was the first scene of "Moe" The street peddler, played by Thelma Ritter. Later, in your apartment, you are not watching a movie, you are seeing a real person. I have never seen anyone "act" so real that I felt I was looking at a real room until Ritter's performance, to the way his hair stood out a bit when he took off his hat. <br /> <br /> Around a million other things just * worked *, from the way Lightning Louie collects money with his chopsticks to the way Candy's jewelry clicks when he removes Moe's hand from his brooch, even the way Moe gets the dollars and the change of the police captain through the chest of the FBI guy, and even the way the captain opens his filing cabinet, as he has done that way in that room for many years. "Pickup On South Street" is detailed movements (direction) with consummate performances (performance) and excellent nostalgic images of the day, such as the panel truck, the boards that lead to the shack on the water, the forklift, - and the unforgettable place Skip hides his pocket collections. Wonderful things. <br /> <br /> "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few movies in which, although the characters are not perfect, you care about them, perhaps because they have been somewhat marked by their past in ways that are Difficult to escape: Skip as a "three times loser" and Candy as a young woman who has "hit" a lot. When these people behave a little more badly than one would expect, they are novel ways that make it seem like they are looking at people they might never otherwise have imagined, and yet they know that they are possible because the actors make them so recognizably human.
