After the failure of "The Crusades" at the box office, Cecil B. DeMille stopped making films about non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years were about our history from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first one in order of production was this film, starring Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not a villain as usual) was General George A. Custer, and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought in Little Big Horn. The villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). <br /> <br /> Basically, the film takes up the history of the United States after the Civil War. . Lincoln is shown at the beginning talking about what is the next step now that Lee has surrendered. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the west (more on this point later). Then he announces that he has to go to the theater. That April 14 must have been very busy for Abe: in "Virginia City" granted a reprieve to Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins on the same date. <br /> <br /> In reality, while Lincoln was concerned about West, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his presidency were about the reunification of the former Confederate states and their citizens in the Union as soon as possible. It was Reconstruction that occupied his attention, not the West (except for the problems of Maximillian and his French controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he had been involved in real problems with the West. In 1862 he sent the dishonored General John Pope, the loser of Second Manassas, to Minnesota to suppress a serious Indian war of the Sioux (the subject of McKinley Kantor's novel, "Sprit Lake." Pope, incompetent against Lee and Jackson, resulted to be quite effective here, and the revolt was crushed. <br /> <br /> However, with all the real attention of Lincoln to the Western problems, it is doubtful that he will say (as Cooper repeats at least once), "The border should be safe." There is nothing to say that he could not have said, but it is not a profound pronouncement by a leading statesman, as Teddy Roosevelt said: "Eat a good breakfast every morning for your health." It is, at best, a statement of recognizable facts.Cooper, which makes it a lesser mantra, like Lincoln's version of the Monroe Doctrine, is ridiculous ... typical of the way that DeMille's scripts have errors really serious common sense in them. <br /> <br /> However, this is not a ruinous istake "The Plainsman" is an adventure movie, and as such has the full benefit of DeMille, the creator of the show's films. As such, it is worth seeing. But not as a textbook about Lincoln's political ideas or his quotable legacy.
