Kim Basinger plays Della, a housewife who has twin sons (Terri and Tammi, played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and an abusive asshole of a husband (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The movie premieres on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is on his way home from work, he could also drive a good car. He is on his cell phone discussing with a business partner he would assume. When he gets home, he sees that the floor is full of shoes and toys. This makes him even more angry and he takes care of his wife, Della, asking him why the house is always a disaster. He holds it against the wall. The twin's clock from the stairs. He hits the wall, leaving a hole in it and walks away. She takes care of the children, trying to comfort them. After everything is ready, she has to go to the mall to do some last minute shopping and because she has no wrapping paper. She arrives there and the parking lot is full because there are many last minute buyers there. While she looks for a place to park, she realizes that a car occupies two spaces and that irritates her. Finally, find a place to park, go to the home car and leave a note under the windshield wipers calling the owner a "selfish imbecile." Then he goes to the mall to do his last minute shopping. <br /> <br /> When it finally leaves the mall, it is closing and many people have already left. However, she was not the owner of the car in which she left the note and she realizes this on the way to her vehicle. He also realizes that the note he left under the windshield wiper is no longer there. Odd. When you get to your vehicle, enter to start it. She realizes that a car is behind her and prevents her from going back. She leaves the car only to be confronted by the owner of the car (Chuckie, played by Lukas Haas) where he left the note and a gang of his friends thugs. He keeps yelling and a cop from a mall (no, not Paul Blart) goes to them to see what the problem is, only for Chuckie to blow his brains out of his head. While this happens, Della jumps into her vehicle, rips it off and passes over the median in front of her. Chuckie and his gang jump in their car and chase him. Della ends up crashing her vehicle against a pile of logs in a housing complex, but she is unharmed. He manages to get to the back of his vehicle, open the tailgate and grab a toolbox before the thugs arrive. <br /> <br /> With that, Della spends the rest of the night trying to run out of the armed thugs with only the tools she has in her toolbox as weapons. The first murder, in my opinion, is the best. The first murder that Della does anyway. The last was probably the weakest and should have been the best considering that this was the main villain she was abusing. <br /> <br /> I admit that there will be some that will be postponed to buy the end and I myself was a bit disappointed. In general, it was a fun movie and it proceeds very well in its execution time of 1 hour and 20 minutes.
