ATTENTION, SPOILER! <br /> <br /> Many people told me that "The Planet of the Apes" was Tim Burton's worst movie and, apart from that, it is much weaker than the original movie. So I decided not to see it. Another friend of mine who had not yet seen the film, advised me to see it despite this because "a Tim-Burton movie is still a Tim-Burton movie." I decided to do it and found out that he was right. <br /> <br /> It is clear that a new version of a film as famous as 'The Planet of the Apes' is automatically influenced by commercial thinking. Still, Tim Burton managed to make his film portray his strange joy as well as "Beetlejuice" or "Batman". If you're already into Burton movies, it's hard not to like one of his films, even if he has some shortcomings: nervous monkeys shrieking, monkeys dressed to spare and an outstanding actor who could have been, without difficulty, replaced by someone else. <br /> <br /> What the movie gives us in the first place, is an answer to the question: What is the result when Tim Burton receives instructions to create a remake? First of all, Burton would not be Burton, if he did not refuse to call it a remake from the start; It is a 're-imagine'. On the other hand, Burton knows that almost all the viewers of his film have seen the first film version starring Charlton Heston (as a human), and he knows that there is no remake without his model and that the two films will not stop. being compared So all he does is play with this comparison at every moment of his movie, e. Sun. making reference to appointments. With respect to the story line, Burton does a brilliant job of first answering the open questions of the original, and then driving the audience to despair by destroying this wonderful clarity and ending the film with ?? AND HERE IS THE SPOILER? Leo returns to earth and finds himself inside a world that seems to have been ruled by the apes forever. <br /> <br /> Now, this is the response of the people of Brittany due to the surprising and shocking end of the first "Planet of the Apes". A final, even more unexpected, more surprising and: completely confusing, why ?? And here I disagree with several pages and platforms of 'Planet of the Apes'? It does not make any sense. There can not be a meaning to it, or just one so complicated that it becomes ineffective. Tim Burton is playing his cruel games, he does it with a smile and he does it well. Burton fans will like it, others will feel betrayed and complain about some kind of mannerism. Well, and I do not think the producers ask Burton to direct a new version again?
