Gordon Parks, the prolific photographer of Black Life magazine, made a real time bomb of a movie here, one that does not get dirty! Based on the true story of two New York City police officers, later baptized as Batman and Robin, who used radical tactics to clean up their drug neighborhood in the precinct, this is a film of fellow police officers before that term it became a repetitive formula. In the rhythm of the lightning, there is not a disposable scene unimportant here. <br /> <br /> The man, in the early 70's in New York, must have been a terrible place to be a police officer, for the look of movies like this and "Serpico." These two policemen begin as rookies in the security division, which burst the traffickers in civilian clothes in their spare time. But instead of receiving applause from the city's police department, they receive nothing but resistance and antagonism from their comrades. They must navigate alone through a minefield of police and legal corruption, sensible assignments to keep them from working in the street, ruthless drug traffickers and an unpleasant neighborhood in the ghetto. <br /> <br /> Both David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic in the leads; Part of the entertainment is seeing how Leibman's eyes move madly in each scene in what is an impeccable comedic performance, and Selby's performance is discreet and ironic. These two make all the comic aspects of the story work, showing a palpable frustration mixed with a bold determination. Director Parks, who was already known for his coverage of controversial issues in his photography, is not afraid of the seriousness of the story. Rather, the film is uncompromising in depicting the harshness of the world of the police and the street criminals who inhabit these two men. Added to this realism is the fact that the real Hantz and Greenberg acted as technical advisers to the film, and even appear in surrealist cameo roles as two official companions who ridicule the protagonists. It is a true tribute to the effectiveness of Parks management that manages to perfectly balance this depressing mile with a brilliant comedy. <br /> <br /> Why has MGM / UA allowed this to remain on the shelf for 30 years? Is it a home video or DVD release in the United States? It is a minor masterpiece of the 1970s.
