Before there was Crash, there was an interesting movie called Grand Canyon. Launched some 14 years earlier than in the previous film, Grand Canyon was a film about two people from different backgrounds who join as friends throughout their lives. For me, Crash was still a slightly better movie, but the Grand Canyon was not far behind either. <br /> <br /> In Los Angeles, a lawyer of the upper class named Mack (Kevin Kline) takes a shortcut to the more sordid side. of the city only to have your car broken down at the worst moment. He asks for a crane and has to wait a while, only to be threatened by a group of dangerous people who want their car. Soon, the driver of the crane arrives at the perfect moment and leaves by Simon (Danny Glover) to take the truck. Both men are threatened, but Simon manages to get out of himself, Mack and the car in a desperate situation. It is from now on that a friendship develops between the two men throughout life with Mack helping Simon, just as Simon had helped him out of a dangerous situation before. You see Simon's sister, Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and fears for her older son who seems to be wandering the streets at night with some bad people. Mack offers them a better place to live, as well as connecting Simon with his secretary's friend, Jane (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main plot of the film, but there are other smaller plots that involve the same the secretary mentioned above (Mary Louise Parker), as well as Mack's wife, (Mary McDonnel) who discover an abandoned baby shortly after his son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in his first film role) has gone to the camp during the summer, and probably continuing with his own life soon. The details of all these plots come together in a complex film that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and as a bridge to interweave all the different scenes. This simple plot device works very well and helps a lot with the flow of the story. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest film to date was The Big Chill, has created a splendid film here. The cast is excellent, and most of the ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately it is not so big because some points, which would have made the film even stronger, were overlooked. The story that involves the secretary is one, and the second that involves Simon's nephew is the other. These scenes should have been further apart from all of history, and then, perhaps the views of Lawrence Kasdan's life among the upper and lower classes would have been more on a higher level rather than very good. Still, the Grand Canyon exceeded expectations, and yes, you can see a view of the canyon that gives this movie its name. There is also a small role for Steve Martin as Davis, producer of violent films, who offers his own views on life and has a small role to play in the ideas of this film.
