Many of the comments that people have made seem (sorry) the point. Kasdan wants to present life, simply, ordinary life. The conventionally structured story, where the characters have ideas that change their lives and then fade away, the music and the film ends, is absorbed in this much larger canvas. Several characters in this movie have those illuminations, and then move on. Sometimes they can cling to their ideas, sometimes they do not, and that is really life. In other words, Kasdan abandons the conventional dramatic structure in favor of an exploration of the continuity of life. there is no happy ending, only an eventual ending; and all of the above, is still in process, is it always at stake? and, if you absolutely insist on a theme, an exploration of the role of the miraculous in our lives. What is a miracle? Well, life itself, to begin with. Then, add all the random incidents and cross connections that make up a life, or several interconnected lives, and you will have miracles in abundance. Kasdan emphasizes this theme lightly, instead of insisting on it, and reinforces it in several ways, very memorably by the device, right in the middle of the film, of having Mac and his wife, lying in bed, each one dreaming their own dreams. but it also shows, later in the film, how those dreams have the power, within the film, to mold reality. This is not a movie with an easy or obvious message. You just have to let it unfold in front of you, and then leave it in your mind for a few days, a month, some years, and see what has been forged there. This is, without a doubt, Kasdan's best film, its most mature, its most human. An important meditation on the life of one of our most talented writers and directors. The tragedy is, of course, that he has not been allowed to work for several years, mainly due to the limitations of the study around "Dreamcatcher". Hopefully we have not heard the last of Larry Kasdan. A great movie by a great artist. Keep in mind that art does not have to be fully rationalized to succeed.
