If you really want to know how most of the actors and directors of the Hollywood scene "came" to where they are, the vast majority will tell you (assuming they will) that there was a strange coincidence. It happened that they met with the right people at the right time and got into the right project that led to other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino took an acting class whose instructor knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey raised a pass to the background of an old woman asleep at the conference of a famous playwright who helped him get an important role. And Robin Williams attributes his career to the son of Gary Marshall, who, after having seen "Star Wars," suggested to his father that an alien visit the Cunningham of "Happy Days." These coincidences, often seen as pure luck, shape many of the careers in Hollywood today. Or is it pure luck? Is it possible that something else is happening? "Grand Canyon", written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, proposes a totally different explanation for the inexplicable, also known as the strange miraculous coincidence. The film refers to several different characters whose lives intersect due to a positive but inexplicable coincidence. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, experiences a collapse in one of the most dangerous areas of Los Angeles. After he calls a tow truck, a young gang tackles him. They threaten violence if they do not leave their car. Just before the confrontation can escalate, Danny Glover appears as the driver of the crane and restrains the intentions of the gang. Although Glover denies it later, he probably saved Kline's life. A producer (Steve Martin) of cheap violent films is shot in the leg and, after that, has a spiritual experience. Then he announces the withdrawal of blood production and gore entertainment. And Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), while running in the morning, finds a baby hiding in some foliage. She states that the baby cried for her and that her "rescue" of the baby was preordered. <br /> <br /> The film explores further the results of these strange connections that lead to new relationships, ending relationships and new beginnings. And all the time, a strange homeless man appears throughout the film as if he were somehow also connected to everything that is happening. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood, or for cinema in general, to explore such a purely esoteric subject. There are some moments that seem incredible, but that may be the point. What makes the film work is the excellent performance of the cast. Although miracles and coincidences may seem implausible, the actors make you believe that they are experiencing these new realities. Maybe this is a topic that we should explore more often.
