I went back to visit the Grand Canyon earlier this year when I set out to make one of the ten best lists of the nineties. The first time I saw the movie was when I was 17 years old. How did I find out? It was revised, and highly recommended, by Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and I finally recorded it on a video a year later. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie, a powerful movie, a healing film, about the power of listening, really listening to each other. Now I've seen it six times, and it entertains me and inspires me with each subsequent visualization. But why the bad reviews for this movie? The Maltin movie guide gives you two out of four. Too melodramatic, too coincidental, too silly, are the expressions I read the most. Yes, there is melodrama in this story, and yes, there is also much coincidence. But it is delivered with an intensity and strength that seems flexible. For all the "conspiracy" that exists in the Grand Canyon, like the shootings from a car, a police chase, an earthquake, a love story, the discovery of a woman with a baby in the bushes, another shooting, almost an accident for a new driver, and worldly advice from a homeless man, this movie wins thanks to the clever performances of Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto. He is also successful due to the able management and writing of Lawrence Kasdan. You know that this is not just another movie when you consider a sequence at the beginning of the film that involves Kevin Kline being harassed by four black youths. Danny Glover plays a crane driver who assists Kline's character, but not before he is also harassed by the group leader. Listen to the dialogue that the child suggests to Glover: "Are you afraid of me or because I have a gun?" <br /> <br /> The Grand Canyon is full of one perceptual scene after another. Steve Martin should have been nominated as best supporting actor as a film producer who changes his mind and then changes his mind. I believe that his character is a warning that "the good" can take us forward, that idealism is a virtue, but for which we must fight constantly, instead of depending on it. <br /> <br /> I am afraid that the Grand Canyon can be lost forever in the desert of not new releases in the video store. But with the offers in previous versions of 99 cents, I beg of anyone who has read a review of a critic who would appreciate it after having rented it, the Grand Canyon is something special. If you love Magnolia, another film with a great set on deep humanistic themes, you will also love the Grand Canyon.
