This production was made in the mid-1980s and seems to be the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. A film version of the novel was never attempted (it is remarkably rich in subplots that actually serve as counterpoints to each other, so it would have been very difficult to reduce it). The novel was Dickens's only attempt to turn a woman into a central narrator (one of the two at work), Esther Summerson. Esther is raised by her aunt and uncle, who (in typical Dickens style) mistreat her. She is illegitimate, but they will not tell her anything about their relationship. Later we got involved with the nobility, Sir Leicester Dedlock, and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) is having an increasingly difficult time regarding her private life and the participation of the family interpreter Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We are also involved with the actions of Richard Carstone (Esther's boyfriend) to try to win a protracted estate chancery case, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, everyone (including Richard John Jarndyce's cousin, played by Desmond Elliot) warns that it's not worth the effort. <br /> <br /> Dickens had been a law reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before writing fiction. Beginning with the case of breach of promise in PICKWICK PAPERS, Dickens closely observed the law. Mr. Bumble said he was "an ass" in OLIVER TWIST and Dickens would support that opinion consistently. In TWIST, he considers that slums are a breeding ground for crime, which the law just tries to cure. He attacks the laws of the Chancellery and the obsolete states, as well as the overly powerful lawyers and the greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) in BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT it attacks the prisons of the debtors (it had also done it in David COPPERFIELD). In OUR MUTUAL FRIEND he looks at the testators and testaments. In EDWIN DROOD'S MYSTERY he was apparently going to go to a murder trial. Dickens was much more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also discusses other problems (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, Scotland Yard's incipient detective force, social snobbery in The Industrial Revolution). He also uses the novel to satirize several people: Leigh Hunt, the writer, the inspector Fields of Scotland Yard, and even the notorious Maria Manning. Most of these points were kept in this excellent version of miniseries. If it shows up again on a cable station, pick it up.
