Two thirds of the almost 2,000 IMDb users who have voted in this movie rated it 8, 9 or 10 and one of the user reports is wearing out six videotapes (Was this a record, or just a defective VCR? ). Although the film is primarily intended as a period piece, it clearly has a rather unusual fascination. But, for some reason, I imagined it as largely capricious and until recently I never felt the need to see it. My mind was changed by the original book by Elizbeth von Arnim. My wife loves to read, but her sight no longer allows her to read much, so she borrowed it in the form of a spoken book. Such books are often irritating to a partner who is busy with other things, but gradually I came to understand that this was seductively relaxing, though by no means mellow, and it was also very well written. I realized that my wife would enjoy watching the movie and I decided to buy the videotape. Now I am very happy to have done it, and I would definitely recommend your purchase to anyone else who appreciates a calm reflective work without fireworks but with a well-built character development and a very successful pre-Mussolini Italian atmosphere. The story unfolds in the period immediately after the First World War and begins with two married women from London who decide to put together their savings and enjoy a vacation together, away from their families, in a villa rented in Italy. The force of circumstances leads this couple to join with two others with very different characters and origins. Her subject is essentially nothing more than the interactions that take place as her vacation progresses, not only among these four very different mature women, but also with the occasional male visitor. If you want action, emotions, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters, or harlequin-style romances, this would not be the movie for you. But IMDb users have shown in a collective and emphatic way that none of this is necessary for a movie to be highly rewarding to watch, and if you are interested in trying it, you can, as I did, place it among your most beloved films. <br /> <br /> It is quite rare for me to see a movie from a book with which I am already familiar. In many cases, I find that this takes away some pleasure from watching the movie, but here there is such a strong visual appeal in the environment that I actually found my pleasure increased by the anticipation of seeing the next segment of the book, effectively unrolling before my eyes. eyes (Maybe Italy itself has a part in this, the last time I had this experience was when I was watching stories of Boccaccio's Decameron on television). In general, book films tend to increase the dramatic level of the original work to ensure that the filmed version has an even broader appeal, but here if something is reduced to keep the attention of the viewers in the gradual development of the character instead of any background event. This works very well, although the book changes are few and basically the film remains true to the original story. The director, Mike Newell, and all the cast members, particularly the well-known British actresses who play the four leading ladies, deserve a great deal of recognition.
