Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of the most real families in the United States, are orphaned at an early age. Just before going to France to fight in the First World War, his father tells the eldest, Fiona, never to sell the land. When the sisters became adults, they had to waste most of their money to pay the lawyers to defend their property. Through certain gaps in the will of the father, a man named Charles Barclay rises to take possession of the land of Gaylord, in which he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who was buying land and buildings from wealthy families in New York to build the Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This film is mainly about the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters. . Fiona, well interpreted by Barbara Stanwyck, although it certainly should not be considered one of her best roles, seems a cold and dominant woman, and it is clear that she has some skeletons in her closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a bit silly and completely in love with a young modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman's was my favorite performance in the movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a rather pretentious seductress with a monocle who married noble blood in England, but that does not stop her from trying to steal the concert from her sister. The three sisters develop quite well but, as is the main trend in The Gay Sisters, never well enough. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. He is not very good. Well, it would be satisfying if the story had developed as it should, but he always seems stupid in the movie. When we are asked to sympathize with him at the end of the film, it is impossible. Gig Young is played by, eh?, Gig Young. No, he is not playing himself. What happened is that the actor, who had acted in several films previously with his real name, Byron Barr, was pressured by Warner Brothers to change his name to something more catchy. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but he finally changed his screen name to Gig Young, after the character he plays in The Gay Sisters. Weird, huh? Young is pretty good at most of the movie, but the script does some unfortunate things with his character at the end of the movie, which ultimately hurts the public's sympathy for him. In two other supporting roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are pretty good. <br /> <br /> The Gay Sisters had great potential to become one of the great family sagas of cinema. The characters are all interesting, as are their situations. Unfortunately, the script never strives for anything other than the simplest melodrama. If I had made the interrelations of all the main characters more complex, developed, for example, the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna or made the flashback more intricate, the film could have been fantastic. I could also have extended the prologue more, let us know more about the Gaylord family. We need to worry more about the characters and we need to sympathize with them more. And the end needed some important fixes. Basically he gives up at the end. Fiona's problems are solved so badly that it hurts. Any sympathy that his character has won as the film progresses falls apart. He is also too happy. This story seems to move toward tragedy, or perhaps just a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is never resolved. As bad as the story of Fiona ends, Susanna's, Gig's and Evelyn's are even worse. <br /> <br /> I still liked the movie. It is completely visible, even if it does not involve us like other great films of the time. 7/10, especially for its potential. It should have been remade, or the novel should have been re-adapted, sometime during the study era. It's too old-fashioned to be redone now. The 1950s would have been the best time, during the time of films like Giant.
