The first time I saw Rob Roy was twelve years ago. With little money for entertainment, I rented it for my fiance and I to see on a chilling winter night. The movie I had wanted was gone, so I rented it, I did not expect much, and I was very surprised at how good it was. I recently saw it again, and I loved it as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with the story, it's about Scottish outlaw Robert Roy MacGregor, a popular breeder and hero. Because of the little I know about man and his history, liberties have been taken with the facts, but it is a film, not a textbook, so that the filmmakers can be excused. Basically, the plot of the movie is that Rob Roy borrows money from the Marquis of Montrose to buy cattle that he then intends to sell and get a big profit. But, his plan is frustrated when the friend who is entrusted with the money is robbed of the money and murdered in the forest. Our hero is running away after not having resolved the matter with the Marquis, and Mary, his wife, suffers a sadistic rape at the hands of Archibald Cunningham, a gentle Englishman with no soul. Atrocities ensue, until, in an immensely satisfying conclusion, Rob cuts Archibald like a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many great performances in this movie, but let me specifically touch some. Liam Neeson, as always, is fantastic, a sexy beast that you can not stop looking at. Honestly, this man is like an ice cream: even when it's bad it's good. His Rob Roy is an honorable man who strives to provide for those who depend on him, in the best way he knows. Jessica Lange, like Mary, gives this woman a fierceness, which is a nice change from the wives of the film who entertain with the view, and that the public is usually forced to endure. You only know that she does not take anything away from Rob or anyone else. Tim Roth is completely above with his interpretation of the evil Archibald, but somehow it works. All postures and grooming, combined with a perverse dialogue, result in one of the most memorable movie villains in recent memory. Combine all this and the stellar work of other support players with the exuberant Scottish scenery, and you have what amounts to a really great movie. If you have not seen this, I recommend you do it.
