The year 1995, when so many people talked about the great premiere of Mel Gibson's BRAVEHEART, they also saw another very good, if underestimated, film about Scottish history, ROB ROY. Although it is a very different film, especially due to the historical period in which the story unfolds, ROB ROY has much in common not only with the wonderful BRAVEHEART but also with the spirit of the epic films. <br /> <br /> is a film that deals with similar themes, such as the struggle for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, and family as a key to happiness. It also brings us to the same happiness of the highlands of Scotland, where the human soul finds its rest surrounded by all the greatness of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a true hero (so universal in the epics), a kind of "Scottish Robin Hood" who struggles to get his people out of the oppression imposed by the cold-hearted gentlemen. Although his situation worsens through acts, he has to suffer a lot, two things remain in his mind in an undeniable way: the HONOR he gives and LOVE his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). That leads to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> Except for the interesting content and the quite vivid action, the film is full of really impressive images. This factor has to do with the sets and locations of the film, as well as with the costumes. Many memorable moments remain in the mind of any viewer who can afford a vision of artistic images. For me, the most splendid scene was in the Highlands when Rob Roy tells his children what honor really means. Then, he sends them away and beautifully makes love to his wife. The scene that escapes Marguis de Montrose (John Hurt) to the waterfall also deserves a look like an impressive image. <br /> <br /> Of course, there is some graphic violence, such as in mourning, for example, but I do not believe that this violence is as harmful as in many other modern films. Its justification is like any other epic: the bloodshed and the cruelty of those times were really serious and it would not make sense to hide it. The most disturbing scene, for me, was the rape committed against Rob Roy's wife by the villain of the story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting and children should definitely stay away. However, everything else is O.K. However, there is one aspect that made me love this movie a lot, the performances. <br /> <br /> The entire cast makes perfect jobs, from the leader Lian Neeson who adapts very well to the role of tall, brave and strong. The Scottish man to the cast of Brian Cox, who plays the evil Killearn, a silent witness of terrible acts that are comfortable with the evil of war. Jessica Lange is very good like Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments of the movie. There is chemistry between Mrs. Lange and Mr. Neeson in many of his scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does an excellent job as Marguis de Montrose, a corrupt man for whom money is the goal in itself achieved in any way. I like the tranquility of his interpretation. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth, who truly represents the unhappy side of his character, Archibald, a man who mocks love, who loves war and who finds true lust in rape and massacre. But, as in any good epic, this exceptional evil must find its end ... <br /> <br /> And one more aspect: the musical score: melodies so memorable and sentimental that they will ring in the ears for a long time. . The last moment moved me to tears not only because of the beauty it conveys, but because I deeply combined these wonderful melodies with the greatness of the places. Scotland remains in the heart of your visitor and this movie reminded me of that permanent effect. It was, as if, my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very beautiful film, very well directed, photographed and performed. It may not be equal to BRAVEHEART with its spectacular sets and many extras in the battle scenes, but it is a fairly long film with a lot of attention placed on a very important feature that a cinema should have: amazing entertainment combined with a sincere education. I really enjoyed that movie, do not hesitate to call it metaphorically "entertainment highlands" and rate it 9/10
