Bad for this good movie that had to be released the same year as Braveheart. Although it is a very different kind of film, the conflict between the Scottish commoners and the English nobility is also in the foreground. Approximately 400 years had passed since the moment Braveheart took place and Rob Roy was ready, but some things never seemed to change. Scottland is still run by English nobles, and it seems that mountaineers can never take a break when dealing with them. Rob Roy is very well done, but it is not the great epic that was Braveheart. There are no battles on a large scale, and the conflict here is more between individuals. And very useful so that not all English people are portrayed as evil this time Rob Roy is simply a movie about those with honor, and those who are truly evil. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays title character Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan and its basic function is to tend and protect the cattle of the local nobleman of record known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). Things look pretty hard for the MacGregor clan as winter approaches, and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy prepares a plan to borrow 1000 pounds from the Marquis and buy some livestock on his own. Then he would sell them for a higher price and use the money to improve the general welfare of his community. Sounds pretty fair, does not it? Problems arise when two friends of the Marquis steal the money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the most evil character ever filmed. Played wonderfully by Tim Roth, this man is a penniless nobleman who was sent to live with the Marquis for his mother. This man is disgustingly effeminate, rude, ruthless and very dangerous with a sword. He begets a child with a maiden and refuses to take responsibility. He rapes Macgregor's wife and burns him out of his house. This guy is truly as rotten as the characters in the movie. Along with another friend of the Marquis (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals the money and uses it to pay off his own debts. Although it is painfully obvious to most people what happened, the Marquis still has MacGregor in debt. This creates a conflict that will take many lives and challenge the strengths of a man who simply struggles to maintain his dignity. <br /> <br /> Spoilers ahead !!!!! <br /> <br /> Luckily for The MacGregor, a duke who is not a friend of the Marquis, establishes a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve the conflict once and for all. This sword fight has been considered by many as one of the best filmed. Many think that Cunningham is a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the fight, it seems that these attributes will win. Just when it looks like Rob Roy is over, he turns the tables in a surprisingly grotesque way. The first time you see what happens, you'll probably be as surprised as Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully filmed, he acted wonderfully and is perfectly. The score is quite memorable, too. The casting elections seem to have worked, since Jessica Lange, who might seem to be out of her element, actually becomes one of the strongest performances as Mary MacGregor. The movie is violent, but there is not too much blood. However, it is a lusty image full of deviant behavior. The nobility is played to a large extent as being amoral and sordid. The film has no obvious flaws, so it gets 10 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> The Hound.
