This is the moving story of the legendary hero of Scotland, Rob Roy, and his battles with the feudal landlords. As Braveheart with whom it is frequently compared, it is not very historical. In spite of its mainly fictitious nature, I consider that both films are very high and it would be difficult to choose between the two. The 13th century William Wallace is, as others have pointed out, a national figure larger than life, while the 18th century Rob Roy appears as an honorable but common Scotsman. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a clan chief. , Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a country house in the highlands of Scotland with his wife Mary and their two young children. When the movie begins, he and his clanmates are hunting down some thieves who have stolen the local lord's cattle. Then, Rob Roy wants to improve the living conditions of his people, so he agrees to borrow a thousand Scottish pounds from a local nobleman, the Marquis of Montrose, to buy livestock to take to the market. He temporarily entrusts this money to his friend, Alan McDonald. When McDonald and the money disappear, Rob Roy is in conflict with Montrose, as well as with his despicable protege, Archibald Cunningham, and his sordid factor, Killearn. The honor of Rob Roy is also put to the test when Montrose seeks to involve him in a false testimony against his rival, the Duke of Argyle, whom he wishes to accuse of being a Jacobite. <br /> <br /> The charismatic Liam Leeson is brilliant as the mountaineer Rob Roy, an intelligent, virile and noble hero, and a man whose sense of honor is central to this story. Personally, I think this is Neeson's best performance, his big accent (although Irish) adds authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, courageous and honest man whose word can be trusted. He is a loving husband and father, and also touchingly loyal to his friend McDonald, who is accused of stealing from him. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth masterfully portrays his biggest adversary and surely one of the most atrocious and sadistic movie villains, Archibald Cunningham, an egotistical and ruthless peacock. He is very effeminate for someone who is dedicated to stealing local women, whether they are willing or not. The pathetic Cunningham himself constantly refers to the fact that he is a bastard who does not know the identity of his own father, although this does not justify his horrendous lack of murder, rape and robbery. In addition, he mercilessly tosses aside the young maid, Betty, after she becomes pregnant with her son, resulting in his suicide. John Hurt plays Montrose, an arrogant and imbecile, who will eventually be Cunningham's father. <br /> <br /> The film is essentially the very credible love story between an ordinary man and his wife, who beautifully describes the passionate relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Those who question the presence of passion within marriage should observe this husband and wife! I think that the phrase used by this couple, 'How well you have me ...' is surely one of the most beautiful expressions of love in the whole cinema. <br /> <br /> The most convincing performance is possibly by Jessica Lange as Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. Without makeup, it has the beautiful but natural look of a robust peasant mother and wife. The actress brings great courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the despicable Cunningham, while the disgusting Killearn watches. His dialogue is simple but full of pride and grace. I give Hollywood the reason why, for once, they showed enough in the rape scene to reveal their cruelty, as well as Mary's pain and humiliation, but nothing with the intention of sensationalizing. Her relative, Alastair McGregor, shows emotional distress when she finds out about Mary's rape, and more torment when she swears to keep secret that she will never reveal to her husband her rape by Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film presents the beautiful landscape of the Scottish Highlands, also the luxurious period costumes and the appropriate musical score. There are no scenes of big battles like in Braveheart, but a continuous action and a particularly exciting sword fight in the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is a captivating film that presents both a tense action and a beautiful love story.
