Ride With the Devil has something rich and special, if you can stand the slow development. While tackling a dark and harsh theme, the brutal guerrilla warfare in the western United States during its Civil War (which in turn spawned the outlaws of the old west of the 1870s), the film maintains a strangely satisfying atmosphere and not manipulated. What I mean is the tendency of music and the lighting of films to make you feel the mood you expect to feel. But RWTD, on the other hand, has a relatively optimistic soundtrack, and allows words and action to set the tone of conversation instead of manipulating the viewer's senses. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiast of this particular area of ​​CW's history, 'I am very impressed with the accuracy of the film. The diographer is written by experts, (even with subtle humor occasionally) with references to bushwhackers and previous battles (Independence, for example ... Far from the Oregon Trail!). The minor events that happen to Jake's band are similar to the actual events that took place ... Especially the attack when they are hidden in the house and the destruction of the store / stand. The battle scenes, although rare, are pretty well executed. It even has the first CW cavalry battle recently filmed. <br /> <br /> The address shows the talent that everyone expects from Ang Lee in a subtle way. Example: the character of Black John is shown mocking a resident of Lawrence during the massacre: "Where is your army? Who are we to fight? Who are we to fight?" (The shot then becomes a trio of Standing Confederate Regulars.) Nothing to stop the carnage while the voice goes on.You are all cowards! Who are the cowards, seriously? Small details like that really improve the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> There are no notable areas in the story, something that can not be said of the Glory movie masterpiece, which was basically fiction in the context of the movie. Minor problems include the fact that the years shown by the events represented do not add up but you will never realize that.A bigger curiosity is the fact that the only African-American character in the movie is the quasi-slave who fights for Jake and its Confederate kidnappers It is true that some blacks fought for the Confederacy out there, including one who sought Lawrence for Quantrill before the attack (who would suspect it?). Black is a fascinating character (whatever the PC that African-Americans may think of him), you do not see in the film a single Black Union infantryman, which would have been more representative of the black experience in the Western CW . One of the first black regiments of the CW was raised in Kansas (by the murderer of Senator Jim Lane, and before the 54th Mass. The Register of Fame was organized), and the black troops in battles such as Baxter Springs, KS, They played a critical role. role. <br /> <br /> No obvious historical errors. Good, realistic action, which is rare and not rewarding. Good direction It is possible that this film is not blockbuster, as was another recent civil war, but it is the cleanest job of all.
