<br /> <br /> In anticipation of Ang Lee's new movie "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", I saw this in a blockbuster and I thought I would try. A civil war movie is not the typical movie I see. Fortunately, I had a good feeling about this director. This movie was written beautifully. The dialogue is in the old style of the south, but it does not sound out of place and obsolete. The spectacular performance helped that aspect of the film. Toby Maguire was amazing. I thought it was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here it shines. I have always thought of Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is also excellent. The big surprise for me was Jewel. She was incredibly good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I had never heard of before, is also excellent in this film. It seems to me that the great performance and the great writing and direction go hand in hand. A film with bad writing makes the actors look bad and vice versa. This movie had the perfect combination. The actors look bright and the development of the character is spectacular. This movie keeps you wanting and expecting good things for some and bad things for others. It allows you to really know the characters, who are very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex and keeps you on the edge of your seat, guessing and ready for anything at any time. Literally, dozens of times I was sure someone was going to die in silent parts of the movie that were "too quiet" (bright direction). This was also a very well filmed movie. The landscape was not impressive (it's in Missouri and Kansas for kindness, sakez) but clearly a lot of attention was paid to choosing natural settings. It has that rough and rough feeling, but maintains an elegance, which is very pleasing to the eye. The movie was profound. It told a story and in doing so it made you think. It had layers beneath that outer history of the civil war. Specifically, he focused on two characters who were not quite sure why they were fighting. There were many more profound problems dealt with in this movie, too many to choose from. It was like a beautifully written short story, full of symbolism and artistic extras that leave you thinking during and after the story is over. If you like good acting, writing, lots of action and some of the best directors in history, watch this movie! Take a chance on it.
