I have seen this movie twice now on DVD, and both times I was not impressed with its unique unbiased attitude. It seems more a representation of reality than most other Hollywood rates, especially on a subject that is still hotly debated. Although it remains close to the southern point of view, it does not stop questioning it, and in the end the only phrase that was approved is that war is lost, no matter what, and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <br /> What really makes this movie exceptional is the refusal to dramatize too much. Nowadays, really good films (in short) are few and far between, with a general offer that is pleasant (if you do not have high expectations), but with a terribly commercial spirit. I think this film is presented as a really good movie (without being a masterpiece), because it adheres to itself and gives the viewer the opportunity to see and analyze it, instead of wanting to bombard it with effect and emotion to erase its intelligence . This movie is great, observant and generally light in its judgment, which is GOOD. <br /> <br /> The story has its flaws, especially the character of Jewel is doubtful, but again the situation at that time was so chaotic, that for a young widow it could have been logical to return to a normal life, even by taking liberally each of the following. Even so, she is not weak, in fact, I think she is one of the strongest people, always in control of relationships, with men only marking. And I take it very grateful that she is not a weeping widow. I think that in the 19th century, the death of a loved one was something much more normal than now. You could die so easily from minor illnesses and injuries, so the possibility of someone dying, though surely causing pain, would not traumatize people as it does now. People did not seem to build sanctuaries on their lost ones as they do now, and I like that attitude. <br /> <br /> My recommendation is that smart people watch this movie, if they are in the mood for something. Different from the usual hollywood rate. Do not look if you want uninterrupted action or a heart-rending emotion.
