One of the most unpopular Asian period action themes, such as Gojoe, is at first a slow offer, often curious, but quite good, exciting, layered and beautiful. It saddens me to say that I know practically nothing about the Buddhist philosophy or about the Japanese history and legend that surrounds this film, so its deeper meanings are lost in me, but even without contextual knowledge, this is still rich, having a Traditional fantasy structure in a stunning, top floor. The story is about Benkei, a warrior monk and maybe a demon who seeks enlightenment by destroying the demon of Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao, a mortal seeker of his own higher plane, but this time the power of the demons. Thus, the film becomes a matter of illusions and, in the case of Benkei, indecision, a conflict in which the real objective is self-knowledge, for Benkei to accept his true nature and for Prince Shanao to face the nature of what it is. He seeks to become. Benkei is further hampered here by the fact that his dark nature makes him fundamentally at odds with the world, even when he is not in open conflict, he is never comfortable. The director Sogo Ishii handles it as an epic, with a measured rhythm, the work of the camera is always elegant and often frantic, without neglecting the need for quieter moments to let the location sink, there is also a great use of the lighting and fog to give an ethereal touch. In the atmosphere, there is a lot of fantasy air in much of the film, but outside the supernatural moments, it is a dirty fantasy with more time than fantasy. The cinematography of Makoto Watanbe is important here, vivid and detailed, a richly evocative subject. Acting, Daisuke Ryu is dignified and powerful with a mysterious savagery like Benkei, while Tadanobu Asano has a cold arrogance like Prince Shanao. Of the protagonists, Masatoshi Nagase round things up like a common man, intelligent and cynical, but without realizing exactly what is at stake. The film fits well, however, it is a flaccid touch at times, it starts slowly, some shots are a bit stretched and the scenes of epic fights sometimes last longer than is strictly necessary. As for the combats, it is frantically filmed instead of real, it has an artistic impact, but it can disappoint the fans of the action, often hidden by objects, flashing blades and fast-moving individuals, spinning hard mortal through its adversaries, are the order of the day. It is stimulating to see but in the end I could have done it with a little more traditionalism. There is also an unfortunate shedding of CGI blood, it works in some way in the context but it continues to distract. However, in general, I think this is a great movie, not for fans of the action or for swordplay enthusiasts looking for another Azumi, but a deeper and mystical beast. Its particular end will not be good for fans of the more generic wing. of such rate. But, as far as I'm concerned, it really hit the nail on the head and for the more adventurous, I could also do it. Well recommended in any case.
