This police procedure is not worse than many others of his time and is better than a few. Obviously, he is following in the footsteps of "Dragnet" and "Naked City", but emerges as a nice programmer. Best of all, it's the unadorned look it gives to a world that was long gone ... the lower class of New York in the late 40s and early 50s. It's here in all its glory, from the old-school tattoo parlors to the cheap hotels and the fat spoons. These old police movies are like the travel stories of a bygone era and very bittersweet to anyone who does not like the soulless and disinfected urban landscape of today. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on the scientific aspect of problem solving is also interesting. the crime ... in this case, the murder of a tattooed woman found in an abandoned car. Our main heroes, detectives Tobin and Corrigan, do the work on their feet, but without the tedious and laborious efforts of the "lab guys", they would not get anywhere. Although the technology is not in the same league, the cops here use the persistent persistence of a C.S.I. researcher to track his man. <br /> <br /> The way that some critics have written about this film, he believes it would have been directed by Ed Wood and acted on by the extras in his films. That bosh I enjoyed John Miles as the former Marine gangster turned policeman Tobin ... he had a carefree and carefree approach to the role that is a welcome change compared to the usual histrionics of most movie cops of the time. . Patricia Barry is cute and charming as her cheerful girlfriend who helps solve crime. Walter Kinsella is stifling and funny like old detective Corrigan. I quite liked the chemistry of these two and it became something a little different to the kind of robotic approach of "Dragnet". <br /> <br /> The mystery itself is not too deep and the final chase and shooting will definitely not be among the classic crime movies, but during its brief execution time, "The Tattooed Stranger" more than He kept my interest.
