The Ogre does not seem to have gained a very good reputation since its launch in 1988, and I think the reason may be due to the fact that it received the subtitle 'Demons 3' to help it sell better. . Well, the film is directed by Lamberto Bava; the man behind the first two Demons movies, and the ogres and demons are somewhat alike (in the sense that they are both 'monsters' anyway) ... but other than that, this movie has no connections to the two other movies. It is, however, quite good! Italian filmmakers are famous for cheating popular movies, and although it is not entirely obvious; It seems to me that this has taken a bit of Hellraiser's influence. The plot centers on a horror writer who moves with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She is obsessed with memories of when she was a child and found an Ogre living in her basement. It's not long after she moves to the castle before these visions come back ... and it may be more than just a coincidence since she believes there is a killer ogre living in the basement. <br /> <br /> The movie was obviously made on a budget and made for Italian television, so it would not be realistic to expect something bright; but for what it is, this is certainly a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava may not have an eye as sharp as his father Mario; but he takes time to create an atmosphere of foreboding that really complements the movie well. The central environment, a great castle, is the perfect place for a story like this and Lamberto makes the most of it; even if this involves tearing up top movies at times; such as the hell-style pool scene. The plot itself is not as good as the atmosphere, since several scenes are drawn too long and the relationship between the characters is quite strange (particularly between husband and wife). There is not much bloodshed, but Bava can do a little with special effects. The ogre himself looks really silly and it's a good job that we do not see him very often. We reduce ourselves to an appropriate ending, although highly predictable, and in general I have to say that this movie is much better than expected and recommended.
