To anyone who has not seen this movie yet, I have a warning: do not see "La Casa dell'Orco" waiting for any demons, because you will not find them here. This film is not a third installment of the "Demons" series and has nothing to do with it, except for the fact that Lamberto Bava directed them. In fact, "The Church" by Michele Soavi is also known as an unofficial "Demons 3" and it is a deceptive title in that case as well, so imagine. It is obvious that due to the success of the films of "Demons"; They tried to deceive the audience with deceptive titles, although it is obvious that this is a disconnected story. That said, I think it's unfair, on the other hand, to say that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth it. Honestly, the movie is quite atmospheric and, although there are some funny situations unintentionally, I thought it was really spooky in general. However, I think it's fair to say that the story somehow tries to emulate Lucio Fulci's "The House of the Cemetery". Of course, that's just a speculation I have, but I think I have my valid evidence. For example, in both films, Paolo Marco is the man of the family, in both films, there is a little irritating son named Bobby, in both films, the woman of the house is a beautiful thirty-something years, who seems to be the only one One to see that there is something really bad in the new house, and in both movies, there is something really, really bad in the basement. I'm sorry, but I can relate both movies very easily and I do not say it as an accusation. On the contrary, what I mean is that those who enjoyed "The House by the Cemetery" will probably also enjoy this movie, considering, of course, that "La Casa dell'Orco" is much less pretentious, less terrifying . It is not so atmospheric, but the formula is still there. <br /> <br /> In "La Casa dell'Orco", Charel, her husband Tom and her son, Bobby, go on vacation to an old desert. Castle, located in the heart of an Italian village called Trifiri. Leaving aside the beauty of the place, shortly after his arrival, Charel begins to have the feeling of having been there before, which is impossible, considering that he had never been to Trifiri before. Unfortunately, Charel can not forget his déjà vu and the worst thing is that his visions accompany the image of a horrendous creature that pursues her. Tom, who is not a very patient guy to begin with, advises him to put aside mindless hallucinations and enjoy vacations. However, the visions of the woman become increasingly real and the peace and tranquility that they were supposed to enjoy suddenly become a living nightmare. Charel's old childhood nightmare becomes real and this time, she will not be able to escape without facing that threatening ogre first. <br /> <br /> As expected, the plot somehow turns out to be a bit simplistic and as a result, it is difficult to fill an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a couple of sequences with nothing more than total silence and the image of the main character, walking around the castle for several minutes, reliving the images of his childhood and nothing else. It gets pretty tedious from time to time, but in general, it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films that came out in the late eighties, this film is quite elegant and effective, but also offers a good variety of funny moments without intention, which make the film unforgettable in some way. For example, the part where Charel is brutally slapped by her husband and instead of going to her room crying as she would have expected, she counterattacks by hitting her face hard and fleeing into the forest like a maniac. . However, the funniest thing is the fact that two minutes later, they are again a happy couple, as if sticking to each other in that way, was the most natural thing in the world. I know it's nonsense, but myself, I found it absolutely hilarious. The ogre (who is obviously the villain of the story) also seems spooky and funny at the same time and let's be honest: a villain who can scare us and make us laugh a little, is twice as welcome. It reminded me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller", but much more natural and human, of course. But if you focus on the really good aspects that I mentioned earlier: the music composed by Simon Boswell is one of the highlights and even if it is the same, it fits perfectly and helps create a very dark atmosphere during the moments. of tension. So, if I have to give my final statement regarding this film, I'm going to have to say that I can not help but love it, including the little flaws and most of the people who enjoy these typical Italian horror movies of the end of the years. eighty. Do not be disappointed by this. It has all the usual clichés and always well received, like the crazy old man who actually speaks the truth, the cunning local woman who is said to be a witch, a spooky castle, a huge dark basement with a terrible secret and people local. Those who try to prevent the tourist with their hostility, get away from the infamous lands. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs and a punch in the face of his spouse, as a way to pay tribute to the heroine of history. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
