"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of MGM's classic music production unit, and in general, is the movie fun? good music by Jule Styne and others, excellent Gene Kelly dance (and even an acceptable work by Frank Sinatra), and a fun and good rhythm script. The only important element that would criticize would be the casting of Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in a film always means that the audience will be subjected to endless pseudo-operatic combos of the little Miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays a naval The service man named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation around the ship as a lover but whose Valentino charms are constantly being subdued by the presence of his friend less sure with the unlikely name of Clarence (Sinatra). After receiving 3 days of land leave to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find a girl based on the dubious premise that he owes him something to save his life. They are recruited by a policeman (Rags Ragland), who needs them to help persuade a precocious child (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the Navy to return home with "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). At first, it is Clarence who is interested in courting "Aunt Susan", but eventually Kelly's character appears as the most likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are several outstanding musical scenes, but nothing that comes close to Kelly's most famous work. Movies like "Singin 'in the Rain" and "American in Paris". The closest thing we have is a sequence of tricks with the character of Kelly in a fantasy sequence dancing with Jerry, the "Tom and Jerry" mouse (although it seems to be closer to the size of a dog or cat than a mouse) . It is a surprising sequence for its time, but it does not have enough complexity or emotion to really stand the test of time. I really enjoyed the parts of the sequence that took place before the animation, where Kelly was using semi-ballistic movements to emphasize the transition to the fantasy world and where we see him dancing through a tunnel that looks like something out of "Alice". in Wonderland. "<br /> <br /> Finally, the characters find their way to Susan's favorite bar, a somewhat sanitized Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana, where customers cheerfully allow Ms. Grayson reproduces his arias with abandon, and the administration feels very excited about the opportunity that Clarence and Joe have given him to sing with his "friend" José Iturbi (interpreted with a slight touch of humor). known to his "friend" Iturbi and spend most of the film trying to reach him (in a funny scene, the character of Sinatra meets Iturbi, but confuses him with a piano tuner and urges him to abandon the pianos of tuning and try a professional career), stealthily entering the studio and the Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi is rehearsing a surrealist symphony of dozens of young pianists, you have not seen anything like this outside of "1000 Fingers of Dr. T. " Is Iturbi himself a kind of divine figure in history? represents the opportunity for salvation from the monotony of unsatisfactory work and the possibility of fame and artistic achievements for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi listens to Mrs. Grayson, his operatic career will become a reality. The 3 main characters are desperate to reach it and see it as a remote and distant mythological figure. Much of the charm and humor of the film comes from the contrast of this perception with the "real" and practical manners of the teacher. And speaking of Iturbi's contributions to the film, it also provides a very stimulating musical moment with his orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade". <br /> <br /> When everything is said and done, this is a movie that nobody enjoys. The musicals will want to get lost. Most of the music was written for this movie, a nice contrast to the recycled soundtracks for other Kelly opuses like "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still at his best, adventurous and boisterous both in his dances and in his interpretation of the character. Sinatra's voice was never in better shape and he rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a lovely addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is attractive when he's not positioning himself on stage. Iturbi adds that well-founded but sophisticated tone that blends perfectly with the atmosphere and style of the MGM musical of the classical era. This is one of the best.
