Although, in my opinion, this is one of the minor musicals of the stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director George Sidney, a minor musical that presents any of that training is nothing to sneeze, and together, the formation makes Anchors Aweigh a pretty good movie despite its shortcomings. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively, two men from the Navy. When the movie begins, they are just arriving in the Los Angeles area to get a much-needed permit. Brady plans to visit a girlfriend named Lola. Doolittle is still a little wet behind the ears, appropriately enough, and seeks advice on Brady's women in private (publicly, screenwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney have all Navy men who comically exaggerate their delicacy with women ). Brady promises to help Doolittle hooked, but mainly because Doolittle will not leave him alone otherwise. It puts a turn in their plans when the local police basically forces them to help with a child who is obsessed with the Navy. It will not give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps and he and Doolittle end up taking the boy home. When the child's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson), finally appears, Doolittle puts on gaga for her. Brady tries to convince him to forget her; Brady just wants to go back with Lola. But they continue to be persuaded back to Abbott's house, and eventually a kind of love triangle forms. Things get complicated when Brady lies about Doolittle meeting a famous musician, José Iturbi, who lives in a movie studio, and says that Doolittle organized an audition for Abbott, singer and actress, in front of Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Because of the story, music is a strange combination of militaristic music, due to the Navy's premise, obviously, Broadway pop, which stars tend to sing in more informal settings, the opera ... in which the character of Abbott stands out, the popular classic of Liberace (what Iturbi did) and Mexican music, because Abbott frequents a Mexican restaurant in a Mexican section of Los Angeles. The combination does not work as well as it could. Many of the songs are good, and all those involved are certainly talented as singers or musicians, but the gender jump tends to lose coherence. Worse yet, there are a couple of showcases for Iturbi, who apparently was a big star at the time, who effectively stop the plot and who seem more than a little clumsy at the moment. I just saw another film that has outstanding music, Kansas City (1996) by Robert Altman, but that stopped the plot to periodically turn it into a concert movie. Anchors Aweigh takes a similar tactic. Yes, this is a musical, but there is a difference between the songs that drive and are an integral part of the plot and the concert presentations that look like contractual obligation material. <br /> <br /> There are also some plot problems. It is not well established why Brady is so against Dobittle's search for Abbott. We can assume that Brady believes that Doolittle should not be involved with someone who has to care for a child, and that it seems relatively "appropriate" and traditional, but, on the other hand, Brady can say that Doolittle does not have the same. The disposition of a woman that Brady admits of himself. Abbott seems to be a good option for Doolittle, and in addition, Lennart works hard to establish that Brady only wants to remove Doolittle from his hair and continue to meet Lola. It seems that the character of Brady should be making Doolittle quickly engage in any candidate. , if she is a good option or not. This may seem like a minor detail, but it's actually the hinge of about one third to the middle of the frame. The story also seems a bit long. The length is a problem. Anchor Aweigh, with an approximate time of two hours and twenty minutes, should have been reduced by at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> The above surely seems that I complain about the film too much to justify an 8. I just wanted to emphasize what I see as flaws, because the conventional wisdom in Anchors Aweigh is much closer to the idea that it does not It has faults. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separately and together. They become good and interesting performances. Sinatra looks and acts much younger than his real age of 29 years? 30 while shooting. He is an unusually naive virginal character, completely different from most of the roles he would take later, and different from his public image as a singer. For Kelly, this was her great movie, and with good reason. His choreography is varied and impressive, as is his performance. Grayson is charming, her performance is sophisticated discreet and she is simply beautiful. All this helps to cancel the faults with the script and the extended rhythm. <br /> <br /> And there is even a very interesting element that probably only arises because Sidney was allowed to spread over a wide variety of moods: the famous Kelly dance with Jerry the Mouse (of the fame of "Tom and Jerry") in an extended fantasy sequence. This is one of the first examples of a combination of live action and animation, and it's extremely well done and fun, as long as you're a fan of fantasy. Fantasy sequences tend to be the best in the movie. Along with Jerry the Mouse, an excellent number of songs and dances with Kelly and Grayson, where Brady is imagining Abbott in a scene from a period movie while harassing her, having to resort to acrobatics to physically get to her as she stands on a high balcony. <br /> <br /> Despite how irregular and flawed the film is, it is very successful and entertaining to watch. Fans of classic musicals certainly should not miss Anchors Aweigh, nor Sinatra fans, who are going to have a lot of fun with their character.
