Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors, who have a four-day license in Hollywood. Joe knows all about the girls and can not wait to see Lola, while Clarence is more shy and needs some advice from his friend on how to meet the girls. . Then they meet a small child, Donald Martin, who has escaped to join the army. They take him to his house and meet his beautiful aunt Susan, who wants to be a singer. Clarence wants Susie to be his girl, but his shyness gets in the way. But he does not feel shy with a waitress, who comes from Brooklyn, like he does. Soon Joe realizes that he is in love with Susie. The boys are in a difficult situation when they lie to Susie when they meet a great music producer they do not even know. Since you are in a bind with your feelings. George Sidney's Anchors Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Gene Kelly is top notch, once again, in his singing and dancing. Routines. Frank Sinatra is great as the shy Brooklyn. Shy is not the first thing that comes to mind when you think of Frank Sinatra, but he does his part well. Kathryn Grayson is fantastic like Susan Abbott. Unfortunately, we lost this talented actress and operatic soprano singer last month at the age of 88. 9-year-old Dean Stockwell does an incredible job as the little fellow who wants to become a sailor. José Iturbi does a great job acting himself. It is magical what he does with the piano. Edgar Kennedy plays the head of the police station. Sara Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse. There are many great things in this movie. and some fantastic numbers to sing and dance. Just look at Kelly and Sinatra playing "We Hate to Leave." He is very energetic. "If You Knew Susie (Like I Know Susie)" is very funny. It's a nice moment when Frank sings to Brahms. 'Lullaby to little Dean Stockwell. It is lovely to hear Grayson singing the tango "Jealousy". The most memorable sequence is one that delves into the animated fantasy world, and there Gene sings and dances with Jerry Mouse. You can also see Tom Cat. There as the butler. Originally Nick Mickey Mouse, but refused. The film was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stoll got one for the Original Score. Anchors Aweigh is a first class entertainment.
