ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two eager young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), who get a special four-day license on the coast. Eager to reach the girls, particularly Joe's Lola, neither Joe nor Brooklyn realize the interruption of little Donald (Dean Stockwell) angry with the Navy and his aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). With no experience in the ways of women and courtship, Brooklyn quickly recruits Joe to help him win over Aunt Susie. On the way, however, Joe finds himself in love with the girl he thinks belongs to his best friend. How is Brooklyn going to take this betrayal? And Joe ends up with Susie, who also loves him? <br /> <br /> The first and the second time I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, I also saw it at the same time as at THE TOWN, the Kelly / Sinatra collaboration of 1949. On both occasions I felt that ANCHORS AWEIGH was the best film in Regarding the plot and the structure: all the dances and songs fit in the moment of the plot, and develop the characters and the story instead of hindering them. However, on both occasions I left feeling that ON THE TOWN is the best movie in general. Having seen the two films for the third time, I continue with that judgment. Somehow ON THE TOWN, like a movie and a piece of entertainment, is lighter, happier, pure and simply * happier *. The numbers are more extravagant and less integral to the plot, but somehow it works better than all the dances and songs in ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not quite sure why this is. The typical argument is that the last film is too long: in almost two and a half hours, this is certainly a valid criticism. I certainly felt the length the first two times I saw it! However, it is also a film that grows in you: the more you see it, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the technical mastery involved in its realization. And yet, something just does not work well. It feels almost as if the script had been studied carefully, and it was noticeable every moment that Kelly could enter the dance or Sinatra to the song, and that is exactly what happened. No opportunity to put on a musical number was abandoned ... and that is probably the biggest weakness of the film. It has 16 numbers (give or take some), and no matter how great you are as a Kelly or Sinatra fan, this really starts to get a little numb after a while. (Contrast this, for example, with the ten numbers on ON THE TOWN). It is possible that you feel that each song, each dance, can not be taken out of the movie without leaving it without effect ... and that is true. But that's also because the writers were no longer limited by adding them in the first place. <br /> <br /> All this long preamble does not mean that ANCHORS AWEIGH has nothing good. The musical * is * sprinkled with great songs that explode everywhere, like the duets between Kelly and Sinatra ("We hate to leave," "I begged" and "If you knew Susie"), Sinatra's singing ("What's it like? The Sunset ',' The Charm Of You ', and best of all,' I fall in love very easily '), and without a doubt Kelly's always inventive, always-impressive dance, it's also hard to get lost with a cast of this caliber Grayson is sweet and seems to improve in every visualization (his voice becomes surprising instead of terrifying); José Iturbi's paper is written with sympathy and he does a great job with it; even Clarence's own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, She's cute and charming ... as close as you can get to Betty Garrett without being Garrett! Sinatra is adorable with those blue eyes and curls of her own, and beautifully plays the innocent boy-man (a role she plays on ON THE TOWN) His singing is, as usual, simply impeccable from enunciation to synchronization and expression. His solo numbers seem to crawl a bit, but when you have the voice of a century, showing it is probably a good enough reason to delay the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly's great genius in this movie is worthy of his own paragraph. Third in the billing behind Sinatra and Grayson, respectively, ANCHORS AWEIGH really is Kelly's movie. His Joe Brady is a real and credible character: he's tough on the outside, nimble and willing to lie when necessary to win a girl, but he's actually the biggest one on the inside. Kelly makes it charming instead of cloying, but it also gives Joe a real advantage that is seen on the scene when Joe chases Brooklyn around the room with a genuinely murderous look on his face and his breakfast tray in his hands. And the * dance * - once again, the film suffers from the syndrome 'too good that spoils the effect', as happens with Sinatra's singing. But, once again, if Gene Kelly is doing the right things, or tapping across the screen in the garb of a sailor or disguised as a bandit leader ... he could also be wrong to exaggerate! All of Kelly's dances are impressive, be it the reduced simplicity of her tap number with Sinatra for "I Begged Her", her "Mexican Hat Dance" with the sweet girl with big eyes, or her splendid dance with Spanish influence. La Cumparsita '. Of course, the classic image left in the mind of the public of all time would be Kelly in his red, white and blue sailor suit, dancing with Jerry Mouse of the fame of 'Tom & Jerry'. A well-deserved golden film memory, without a doubt, it is not often that one can say that he is impressed by the special effects of a film made in 1945, given the saturation of CGI in the contemporary film market. But Gene and Jerry still look great, with Kelly always hitting his points and looking exactly where he needs to look. * It would be * that almost the only people who could really keep up with Gene Kelly would be Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and a cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that this daring and inventive first dance of Kelly with Jerry has reserved a place for ANCHORS AWEIGH in the history of cinema and in the hearts of classic moviegoers. But it's also notable for being the first of Kelly / Sinatra's three film collaborations and, although it's too extensive, it's still a great couple of hours of entertainment. Look at it first, then again and maybe again, it will grow in you before you know it! 7.5 / 10
