D.W. Griffith could have made any film he wanted after the huge financial success of 'The Birth of a Nation'; He chose to make the most ambitious film technically until that date, 'Intolerance'. He risked such innovations in the assembly and the shape of the film, and there was the well-known financial train crash. Buster Keaton does not take that kind of risk with "Three Ages", a parody of "Intolerance". This is Keaton's first full-length feature (he only starred in 'The Saphead'). I had the alternative plan to divide the three episodes of this film into three separate short films, which Griffith did with "Intolerance." Keaton did not have to. Chaplin had already been successful with feature-length comedies, so if Keaton took a risk here, it was completely calculated. <br /> <br /> Chaplin had also made a parody of another movie, with 'Burlesque on Carmen' (1915). Keaton seems to allude to that movie, too. The fight scene in the Ancient Rome episode refers to the sword fight that turns into a fight fight in the Chaplin movie. The comic distance of the plot of both scenes is the same, too. In addition, Chaplin's film mimicked the brilliant style of DeMille's 'Carmen' and Chaplin's film seemed like a tribute to that film. Keaton does not attempt radical editing, narrative structure or monumental nature in his parody, but he seems to be respectful of "intolerance". At least, the stories are not told as simply as in other films after "Inolerancia", such as "Leaves from Satan's Book" by Dreyer (Blade af Satans bog, 1921) and "Destiny" by Fritz Lang (Der Müde Tod, 1921). ). There are some slight jumps back and forth between episodes. <br /> <br /> Where Keaton took risks, however, is in his physical and reckless comedy. That's Keaton, unintentionally, not jumping through buildings in the modern episode. Reportedly, he was convinced to alter the scene instead of trying to jump again. And, it was not just Keaton who took the risk; The anachronistic baseball gag, for example, was quite dangerous. Thus, although in a different way, Keaton, like Griffith, risked his big movie. And, I think both were successful.
