A notorious cinematographic phenomenon of the late eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars that were awarded to actors who played characters with physical or mental disabilities. The first was the Marlee Matlin award for "Children of a Lesser God" in 1986, and the next ten years were to see another award for "Best Actress" (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and no less than five "Best actor" awards (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for "Rain Man", Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for "My Left Foot", Al Pacino in 1992 for "Scent of a Woman", Tom Hanks in 1994 for "Forrest Gump" and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for "Shine") for portraits of the disabled. Matlin, who played a deaf woman, is herself deaf, but all others are healthy. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon provoked some adverse comments at the time, and it was suggested that these awards be awarded more for political correctness than for the quality of the performance. When Jodie Foster did not win the "Best Actress" for "Nell" in 1994, some people saw this as evidence of a backlash against this kind of performance. My opinion, however, is that most of these awards were well deserved. I thought that the 1992 prize should have been for Clint Eastwood or for Robert Downey instead of Pacino, but apart from that, the only one he did not agree with was Hanks', and that was because he preferred the performance of Nigel Hawthorne in "The Madness of King Jorge". In that film, of course, Hawthorne played a character who was mentally ill. <br /> <br /> "My left foot" was based on the autobiography of the Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen children of a working-class family in Dublin. He was born with cerebral palsy and at the beginning it was mistakenly thought that he also had a mental disability. For a long time he was incapable of deliberate movements or speeches, but he finally discovered that he could control the movements of a part of his body, his left foot (hence the title). He learned to write and draw holding a piece of chalk between his toes and became a published painter, novelist and poet. <br /> <br /> Life in the working class of Dublin in the thirties and forties could be difficult, and the city that Jim Sheridan (himself a Dubliner) shows us here is, in many ways, a place gloomy, gray and sad, very different from our normal idea of ​​the "Emerald Isle". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later collaborated on another film with an Irish theme, "In the name of the father"). Against this, however, the joy and spirit of its people, especially the Brown family, must be established. Much of Christy's success was due to the support she received from her parents, who refused to allow her to become institutionalized and always believed in intelligence hidden under a crippled exterior and her siblings. We see how his brothers used to take him in a specially made car and how they helped his construction worker father build Christy a room in his backyard. <br /> <br /> The film could easily have slipped into sentimentality and ended up as another moving "triumph over adversity" movie. That is not due to a number of factors, mainly the magnificent performance. Over the course of his career, Day-Lewis has given a series of good performances, but this, along with the recent "There Will Be Blood", is his best moment. He is never less than 100% convincing like Christie; His tortured and abrupt movements and his tense attempts to speak convince us that we are really watching a disabled person, although, intellectually, we are aware that Day-Lewis has physical capacity. Other standout performances include Fiona Shaw as her mentor, Dr. Eileen Cole, Hugh O'Conor as young Christy and Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother (who won the "Best Supporting Actress" award) . <br /> <br /> The other reason why the film escapes sentimentality is that it does not try to sentimentalize its main character. Christy Brown had a difficult life, but it could also be difficult to live with her, and the film gives us a portrait of "warts and all". He was a heavy drinker, given to coarse language and prone to outbursts of rage. He could also be selfish and manipulative of those around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. Of course, it also shows us the positive aspects: your courage, your determination and your sense of humor. Day-Lewis's performance is not only physically compelling, as it persuades us to believe in her character's disability, but it is also convincing emotionally and intellectually, as it reveals all of these different facets of Christy's character. His Oscar was won in the teeth of a very strong opposition of the likes of Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but it was well deserved. 8/10
