The classic directorial role of Jackie Chan, POLICE STORY (1985) is among the most influential and exaggerated police officers of all time who have left Hong Kong. Jackie wanted to simply make a film that included the usual kung fu and also the fierce game of weapons and other "urban" action that would later become very popular and typical among HK directors such as John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY combines these two elements of action and styles, and the result is as wild as it seems. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a cop who protects an important witness (Brigitte Lin) who soon testifies against a powerful gangster boss and his ring of criminal activity. Jackie's girlfriend is played by the sweet young Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild as she would be in her later roles as Heroic Trio (and the sequel) by Johnnie To, Savior of the Soul by Corey Yuen and David Lai and many others. much others. The plot of POLICE STORY is very simple, but it is the action for which this film was made in the first place. <br /> <br /> Jackie did all the maneuvers of her character by herself and she also hurt herself quite badly. A couple of scenes, some of which are also found in the full movie, like in the end, in which Jackie hits her head (near the eye) through a sharply unpleasant-looking piece of glass. Also the members of the team of doubles of Jackie almost are killed during the running of this film. The scene in which a bus stops just before Jackie, spitting the hijackers through the windshield, was very bad, since the bus stopped too early and the doubles did not fly as it was supposed to. They were supposed to fly in the car parked at the front of the bus, but their flight was too short and they crossed the asphalt with injuries at the hospital level. During the final credits, there is an image behind the scenes and images of these injured actors and everything looks very bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one was killed or injured too severely. <br /> <br /> The action is more than abundant and imaginative as can be expected by the (action) director Chan. The legendary bus scene and the mall at that time are probably the wildest scenes that any action movie has been able to offer. Jackie always says how important editing is (which is true) and it really shows in her action scenes and in her time that it's perfect and makes the films look so ultra kinetic compared to Hollywood's efforts, example. Here there are almost no slow moments and those moments are interesting and the movie never gets boring or hard to watch. <br /> <br /> But again there is a negative point that I can not stand in the action comedies of HK, which is this comedy itself Comedy is not funny, especially when the errors and the amateur elements in the script are not they are present by accident, but because the writer wanted to add them there, without necessarily understanding that they are signs of a bad script and a stupid dialogue. I refer to those scenes as the stinging assassination attempt at the beginning, when the killer screams and screams and grimaces and acts like a drunken clown from a slapstick nightmare, and he is there to "murder" that girl. This kind of acting is stupid and inept and I would not like to see it in a film that, for the rest, is very good in its own genre. The characters also express their thoughts, which is also a sign of bad writing because those "strong thoughts" are there only to clarify things even for the stupidest viewer and, therefore, make things too simple and "light" . Even if the movie is comical and not so serious, this kind of stupid things should not be there and can not be forgiven too easily. <br /> <br /> THE STORY OF THE POLICE is an action of fast speed, total impact, balls on the walls The miracle of the Hong Kong adventure and of the time when Jackie was very sad about the bad result that obtained with the USA he produced The Protector, since he did not have the same thoughts about the film that the director James Glickenhaus had and, therefore, the result did not have it. Please, the audience and Jackie returned to Hong Kong to make a more personal and inventive film. It definitely did and the result is as wild today as it was in the 80s. This is one of the craziest action movies in history, and it would be perfect without the flaws I mentioned. 7/10
