Jackie Chan's Police Story is a historical film for both the Honk Kong action genre and Jackie Chan's career. <br /> <br /> Directed / written by Chan, Police Story has a basic plot like all movies of that era and genre, and like most movies of the Police Storys type, the script is not nothing special. But the plot of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays a good guy policeman, who fights to condemn the local gang member. <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is nothing special and in no way is the best directional effort that Jackie Chan has given us, that responsibility falls on the underestimated masterpiece "Milagros". However, the work that Jackie runs is sufficient and respectable. The outstanding direction of the film comes with the fight scenes. <br /> <br /> The performances in this movie also vary, since Jackie gives a good typical type of Chan very strong against his role, but this is by no means his. The best actor role, which can be seen in the film directed by Sammo Hung "Heart of the Dragon". The other actors in the film also offer a performance as good as Jackie with Bridgete Lin playing his part of the witness unwillingly reasonably well, but it also does not show his acting potential. The outstanding performance comes from Maggie Cheung as the long-suffering girlfriend of Jackies and Bill Tung as the cute and funny police chief. None of the performances in this film is low enough to affect the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> The action in the film is what really separates this film from others with an impressive contemporary choreography to adapt to the urban and modern environment, the action is one of the best scenes of struggle that has ever been seen on camera. For starters, there is a shooting in the neighborhood where Koo (the gang member) is doing a drug business, although it is not a John Woo-like sequence, this serves as a good start for the movie. This is followed by the famous car that runs down the side of the hill and through the heart of the slums destroying everything that is in sight. This is an impressive sequence that has since been shamelessly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the film there is another outstanding sequence when Jackie tries to transport Bridgete Lin from her house to his own. This is really the first scene where we can see the amazing melee combat that has become the norm for all modern martial arts movies. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, synchronized and edited to perfection to maximize the brutality of the scene. However, as tradition dictates, the outstanding fighting sequence is at the end of the film. This sequence shows some of the best choreography, acrobatics and camera work / Chans editing. This sequence is now famous for two things, the number of people sent through a high-density glass, which should be said a phenomenal amount of people, and the trick at the end where Jackie jumps from a balcony of 5 floors, seizes of a post. and it slides down through a glass roof (this must be seen to be believed). While the two mentioned factors are extraordinarily bright, I think the most impressive part of this fight sequence is Chans' ability to incorporate anything into the fight sequence and the originality of the choreography, which for me has never been improved. I also believe that the action in Police Story is one of the best filmed and edited actions of Chans' career that helps differentiate the action. <br /> <br /> In general, Police Story, despite its unspectacular story and script, and It's one of the best action films of all time that shows the best choreography of Chans, the best filmed action and, possibly, its most spectacular trick, which makes this visualization essential for everyone. After all, we see a Chan movie for action!
