Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strangely inspiring documentary despite its content. Convicts at the Luther Luckett Correctional Complex in LaGrange, Kentucky, who have raped, murdered, etc.? and surrounded by bad people in an obviously depressing environment, they find something they really enjoy and that can become important, popular and celebrated in the performance. There are themes parallel to 'Shawshank Redemption' with their institutionalized natures and the search for forgiveness and redemption for their past lives. While we follow a generous Director without prejudices, who each year devotes his time to direct certain inmates in a work chosen by William Shakespeare (this time, the "Tempest", which was skillfully portrayed with inmates who could relate to it ). Both with their pervasive focus on forgiveness and redemption in which they trust and relate to us, they present each actor in formal interviews that are at a good pace with images of them rehearsing. Each actor has his own story and tells his regrets and the reasons why they are there emotionally with melancholic music about each one in a traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected prisoner (it seems) is Sammie. The Director seems to realize immediately who were the most interesting inmates in Sammie (and later, Hal) and allows a more extensive and profound observation of man and his personality. His presence is felt on the screen and his personal revelations surprise the audience, but they give him that attraction in his emotional personality and he feels a particular empathy towards him. Hal is the same at the beginning of the movie. It has other things that it does to pass the time that is shown as a comfortable pastime as if it were the execution of a news broadcast program on the site. Again, through interviews and personal revelations admitted by Hal (and very well recorded in Hal's body language, not the close-ups of his uncertain movement of the hand were not only observed with him but also with others), in particular, his sincere story of being insecure and scared of his true sexuality in a society that simply would not accept him as a homosexual until later in the film where he is shown to be quite sarcastic and rude to other inmates involved in the play as if he considered himself same above all to them, in particular to Ron, who already has a frustrating temper in his performance. The relationship between all the inmates involved in the work is shown as one of respect and unity to achieve something great for themselves. With good (if not clichés) movements of time passing with titles, etc.? everything seems to go well in the first act, and then in preparation for public performance, things predictably go wrong. The introduction of one of the transferred actors and the replacement of his character by a younger and new inmate gives the narrative a good plot in someone who promises to be great, but in the end disappoints everyone and does not meet their expectations. A particular inmate (Big-G) welcomes the new internal actor (Rick) with an obvious willingness to educate him in his beloved practice and, hopefully, become a good role model. The film seems to capture each inmate's passion so well with something that the audience can relate to, especially when Rick is placed in the "hole" to get new tattoos (something that was insinuated very well in the film when the director stops a random inmate in the yard and asks him when he got a tattoo on his arm and we found out that it is a punishable offense in the installation and the disappointment of Big-G is deeply understood. "A happy ending? great when they are performed successfully (even when they are invited to perform elsewhere) and a true sense of unity is felt around them, but in the end, the film takes everyone to the reality that this is short-lived and all What they have had, or was loved and will always be taken away from them It is time to return to prison to pay for their crimes and no matter what redemption they seek in acting in these works, they will not be free men, their proud actions and recognition they are undermined by the fact that they are the lowest of the low criminals and A good stop in the uplifting music that plays in a long corridor that coincides with the turning off of the lights and the closing of the doors is a powerful image of their oppression. The Director seemed aware that he was observing nice people in the documentary by giving them additional information at the end of the film about the future of each actor from the end of the film about where they are and what is happening to them now.
