Movies like this, and C.R.A.Z.Y., make me very sad about American movies with a gay theme. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are some other notable American films with the kind of depth and sincerity that this movie offers, The Bubble. This film focuses on two men, Noam and Ashwar, Israle and Palestine respectively. Their relationship is complicated by tension between Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples, in the early stages of their relationships, will fight who will call who later, or who will say "I love you" first. The early love of Noam and Ashwar is complicated by suicide bombings, armed security checkpoints and racism. While Noam's friends accept and like Ashwar, who is Arab, it is clear that most citizens of Tel Aviv probably do not. <br /> <br /> One of the most moving moments, and there are many in this movie, is when Noam and Ashwar attend a production of "Bent". We, as moviegoers, see them as they watch this play, and the effect it has on them is deeply captured in their eyes. And, ultimately, this touching moment is played in a very sad way at the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are featured as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is brilliant in creating a compelling and interesting account of Shakespeare's classic Romeo and Juliet. And while most movies today have sex (almost like a sport), it goes back to the old proven version of sex with love and passion combined. It is so refreshing. It is also refreshing to see two homosexual men represented as people and not as cartoons. There are cartoon characters in this movie. It's just not the two gay guys for a change. Somewhere on this site I think I read a comparison between this movie and "Friends." Well, not really. Yes, these are juvenile characters who find their first uncomfortable steps in adulthood and relationships. But I do not remember having been "exploited" as a backdrop to the insipid storylines in "Amigos." <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. He has a heart, and lack of love. And like all good love stories, love wins. But not in its intact glory of full bloom. Still, it's a very satisfying movie to watch.
