This film is a complete reimagination of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. The lovers are one from Tel Aviv and the other from Nablus. There is a border between them, and a constant state of war with the Israeli army always present everywhere and the Palestinian militants everywhere with their bombs. The situation is quite grim. We can imagine love in that huge trap without love. But the film goes several light years further by imagining that the two lovers are homosexuals, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. It is out of bounds in Nablus. The conflict between the two peoples, the two communities is duplicated thus with a conflict between two cultures, two ethics. But this could even be habitable if the war did not bring some extra dimension. Ashraf's sister is going to marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister that he is gay. She can not accept it, but agrees to talk about it later. From the same wedding, the newly married husband sends a command to Tel Aviv to organize a bomb attack. It takes place in a café in Tel Aviv and a friend of Noam is seriously injured. Bad enough Isareli's army sends a command to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for this attack, but it becomes bitter and the newly married wife is shot dead on the street. The funeral follows the wedding. The husband and the widower volunteer for a suicide bomb attack. Ashraf volunteers to take his place. The exiled lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill a few people to avenge his sister. He arrives at a restaurant run by some friends of Noam. But Noam sees him and goes out to talk to him. Ashraf has moved back to the middle of the street and he detonates his bomb when Noam reaches him on the street. Revenge brings the two lovers together in death. Therefore, we have dual conflict, but we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character who can impose peace, or even worse, the Prince seems to have chosen sides and be on Israel's side. The game is totally false and death is safe on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is even stronger because it is redoubled by a work in the film, a work that shows love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one with a yellow star and the other a pink triangle. This is surprisingly strong and strikingly shocking: gay love in Auschwitz. What comes out of the film is that in Tel Aviv or Nablus, love is impossible. The film is, then, a denunciation of the conflict in Palestine that can not but continue although it has no reason to exist, although it has thousands of reasons to continue. We should never have allowed Britain to deal with the region a long time ago. Today we have to find a solution in which no one is humiliated. This can only be successful if everyone comes together to find a lasting solution. But until now everyone is trying to avoid that general confrontation and discussion, preferring bilateral manipulations. Therefore, suffering will continue and love will be forbidden, of course, not sex, since children are needed for the war to continue: so let's procreate more and more little soldiers. But love is just an extraterrestrial concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine and University of Paris 1 Sorbonne Pantheon
