It is hard not to like the Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films, which describe life in the Middle East and the inherent problems that gay people can have in these regions. In addition, he also gave voice to the younger generations, and to the remarkable part of them, who really need PEACE and who do not want to warn again of a war that for too long marked the existence of people, both in Israel and in Palestine. . These reasons, in my opinion, are enough to consider Fox as a remarkable director, even when his feeling for melodrama is a bit out of control. However, fans of his films (which he realized as a team with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, co-screenwriter and also life partner) seem not to be upset by this, since his new feature, THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH ), is having the same success as the previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER. Announced as a contemporary gay version of "Romeo and Juliet", set in the present Tel Aviv instead of Verona and with two men (one Israeli and one Palestinian) in the place of the two young lovers of Shakespeare, the film is actually quite different from that or, better, it is also something else. In fact, the title bubble is the world apart in which the protagonist, Noam, played with the usual Fox player, Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, but I must confess that I miss Jagger, the amazing Yehuda Levi). Co-tenants, a boy and a girl, chose to live. Some thirty years of age, restless, ingenious and firm (despite the fact that the protagonist has just spent a period as a national service in a checkpoint on the border with Palestine) to live a life that will not only be a war. The two boys are gay and together with the girl they have established a trio in which they love each other and support each other. Their lives are destined to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (the television actor Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), a Palestinian youth who came to live in Tel Aviv. The laws in force up to now among the group are neglected, but not the will to help a friend. Still, it will not be easy for Noam and his friends, because Ashraf is clandestine in Israel and, meanwhile, his family, who lives in Palestine and does not know he is gay, hopes to be able to arrange his wedding with a beautiful girl, who is relative of the beloved sister of Ashraf, is also a terrorist and will have a great responsibility in the development of the plot, with consequences not only for the two men. Because the prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting dualism, if not automatic) are obstinate and tragedy is inevitable. Even if the film focuses on the obstacles with which the relationship between Noam and Ashraf is related, it does not overlook the other characters, which are well written (for example, Golan, Yelli's boyfriend, Noam's other tenant). , it was presented as an animated boor, and then it was revealed as a sweeter and more open-minded person) and it was performed properly (in addition to the two tracks, we should not ignore the amusing Zohar Liba and the lovely Daniela Virtzer, the girl from the gang, in addition, the star of LATE MARRIAGE, Lior Ashkenazi, star appears as himself in a cameo). It also combines the dark shades with the brightest, even if the director can not do without a melodramatic conclusion. I saw this movie more than a month ago and, meanwhile, I often thought about it, proof that Fox and his friend have a special ability to attack home.
