Since the advent of literature, people of all nationalities have been fascinated and easily moved by unhappy love stories. Even more fascinating have always been the stories of impossible love, love that can not be. The latest film by Israeli filmmaker Eytan Fox "The bubble" is about that. And neither is it. The title of the film refers to the "bubble" that is Tel-Aviv in the context of Israel's political realities. The cosmopolitan and unofficial capital of the country does not have much in common with Nablus, a city in the Palestinian West Bank that also appears in the film. It does not have much in common with the tense and hateful atmosphere in the Palestinian checkpoints. Actually, it does not seem to have much in common with anything that surrounds it. The "bubble" of Tel-Aviv allows people to have a lifestyle that is not very different from what can be expected in any western city. Teenagers search for the albums of Britney Spears, a lifestyle magazine publisher who is looking for an appealing cover for her next issue, fashionable people sitting in trendy cafes discussing fashion things with cups of cappuccino and other similar drinks, while those who are at home are watching the local edition of Pop Idol. It is this bubble that also has the potential to soothe one's mind in a false sense of reality. <br /> <br /> The film evolves around the lives of three young Israelis who share a flat and, for the most part, try to stay out of politics. Yelli, the owner of the camp and manager of "Orna & Ella", a trendy café, rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think about the "garbage that surrounds them". Noam, a soft and carefree employee of a slightly avantguard record store, seems equally reluctant to engage in lengthy discussions and political reflections. Lulu, the only woman in the group, is on the contrary linked to the Israeli left, although her political activities seem to be confined to attacks against the occupation. "Yelli and Noam, of course, do not object to participating in them. politicians make t-shirts with the rave logo, place posters and distribute advertising leaflets in the neighborhood Their main concern seems to be that there are never real Palestinians participating and that the police could come and spoil everyone fun for them again. They are in a real confrontation when they face a fight with some locals not so friendly with the Palestinians who try to avoid giving out the leaflets - in other words, predictable products of the bubble? " <br /> <br /> The initial scenes of the film take us to a checkpoint on a road to Nablus where we also find Noam fulfilling his reserve duty. A group of Palestinians is under close scrutiny before entering Israel, including a pregnant woman who suddenly goes into labor and gives birth to a child born dead despite Noam's best efforts and doctor who finally arrives at an ambulance. The woman is comforted by a young man who then appears at Noam's door in Tel-Aviv with his identification that the latter obviously dropped during the border test. His name is Ashraf, he is Palestinian and he is gay. And not only has he come to return the identification, he has come to see Noam. Without permission to live in Israel and despite the initial hesitation of Noam's roommates, he stays. Soon he gets a Jewish name and a job at Yelli's cafe. Having grown up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, he does not have an Arabic accent that allows him and his newfound friends to hide their identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can not last. Because it has become part of an equation that should never have been. <br /> <br /> At one point, Noam and Ashraf observe a work called Bent about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp who have a loving relationship that can never become physical or visible to the surrounding guards. They find a way of being together on another level, a metaphysical one, a level that no one else has access to. This is also where our partner comes to the end. And it could not have been very different for them, not in Israel today. <br /> <br /> ?? The Bubble "is a political statement about the bubble that erupts when confronted with the political realities of today's Israel Against the background of a beautiful and uncomfortable love story involving an Israeli and a Palestinian, the impossible love story in a divided world in which there are no elements such as commitment or other colors than black and white.The bubble is also a beautiful film about People, homosexuals and heterosexuals, who inhabit that strange city, Tel-Aviv, are shown through from the eyes of people who really care about them The premise of the film may have its flaws and the fatal chain of events may seem somewhat interpreted, but its strong message and its emotional impact will not leave it intact.
