The Israeli / Palestinian conflict persists and although the world may be aware of the violence surrounding the division of the two countries, few have a clue about the other aspect of the division: the group of people who want peace and work to eradicate the separation. Eytan Fox, in THE BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah'), has created a much needed alternative point of view of the schism, which chooses to tell a story that contains some good humor, lots of love and a taste of brutal reality. It is a window to a situation that requires understanding. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very outgoing gay man who works in a popular cafe; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome and somewhat shy man who, in addition to his daily work in a music store, is a member of the National Guard and, therefore, spends his free time as a guard at checkpoints. the city. It is during one of these guard weekends that he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), and there is a mutual attraction. The three friends decide to "get away" from Ashraf (which they call an Israeli name) and, while Ashraf and Noam settle down in a love relationship, Yali hires Ashraf in his cafeteria, and Yali and Lulu proceed to find love interests . as well. Everything is fine until Ashraf has to return home for his sister's wedding. Although in Tel Aviv, Ashraf could be openly gay with Noam, life is very different in Jerusalem: Ashraf is told to marry the sister of his sister's future boyfriend. In an attempt to rescue Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu disguise themselves as French reporters to access Ashraf. In a moment of alleged imprisonment, Noam and Ashraf are discovered kissing for the future boyfriend, and this act gives rise to a blackmail so that Ashraf remains 'in the closet'. <br /> <br /> While the young people in Tel Aviv are dancing in an event to call attention to peaceful coexistence, an attack takes place in Jerusalem, which has serious consequences not only immediately, but also in the mission of revenge that Ashraf must assume. The ending is tragic on many levels and underlines how serious the problem is between these two countries. <br /> <br /> The performance is so natural that, from both a comic and tragic point of view, the audience fully believes in these aspects. beautiful youngsters History finds the right balance between the serious and the happy and it is this balance that makes Eytan Fox such a good writer / director. More people should see this important and very good movie. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Harp grady
