I am currently on holiday in Israel for the summer, and so I was able to watch this amazing movie. A little warning before I started writing: I speak Hebrew fluently, so the Hebrew parts were not a problem; however, about a quarter (a little less) of the film is in Arabic, and I could not understand a bit of this subtitled bit. This did not detract from my understanding of the film, but it did make me lose some jokes that caused some laughter in the theater. <br /> <br /> After a year of American cinema, many rated it as one of the best years for cinema and gay relationships, it takes something truly special to stand out above the rest; however, "The Bubble" surpasses all others with its combination of excellent performance, witty dialogue and relevant political climate. <br /> <br /> The film begins at a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; During the first moments, we are not sure of the type of movie we have seen. However, this is an important element of the strength of this film. The political situation and the extreme tension in the air are constantly in the background. The most important thing is that Tel Aviv serves as a character in this movie. It is constantly referenced. The names of the streets and restaurants are constantly exchanged. The horizon and the development of the city are criticized harshly, and ultimately, the city evolves along with the film. The film focuses on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and a Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), with the Tel Aviv and Palestinian societies serving as an aluminum constant. We always know that their relationship is forbidden, and this creates a sense of urgency that rarely occurs in the movies. Love is incredibly strong, and stands as the centerpiece of the movie. Secondary relationships and friendships are equally strong: the extravagant relationship of a restaurant owner, Yelli (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) with Golani's soldier, Golan (Zohar Liba) is a source of fun. The scenes of love that abound in this film are exquisite and exquisite works of art, and the cinematography is amazing: in the first love scene of the film, the camera analyzes how a male character gives oral sex to Lulu (Daniela Virtzer) , and it dissolves into a shot from Noam and Ashraf. This shot and many others lead the viewer to realize that all these relationships are expressions of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> Giving more of history would be a tragedy, but you should know that there is a lot of political tension and tragedy that touches the current world political climate, so I will focus on witty dialogue. Even when I saw this movie in my second language, I could not stop laughing. The lines of particular fun include the question of whether homosexual suicide bombers receive virgin women or men in heaven, and Sampson's analogy of the Bible as the first suicide bomber in the world. This dialogue shows a particular sense of purity and reality that is seldom seen in the cinema. The music used in the film is also particularly powerful. Music is only used at times when the characters can or should hear it legitimately, and in one scene the music weakens when a character takes off a headset and stops when the other is removed. Small elements like this really elevate the movie. <br /> <br /> I could not give a higher recommendation to a movie; This is an excellent work of cinema that is cathartic and extremely well worked.
