This first installment of Crispin Glover's personal Magnum Opus asks you to think a little, so it can not be recommended for any viewer who does not want to sit and guess the Glover images or follow the surprisingly simple but strangely obfuscated. Thread of his narrative. For the more casual viewer, yes, it probably comes off as a confusing mixture of strange, surprising and disturbing images for the sake of the images. <br /> <br /> You have the feeling that Glover does not care that this is the case, and he will almost gladly hear why someone hated the movie and why he enjoyed it. Glover's innate enthusiasm for and about his work and the way the audience interprets it is communicated energetically not only through the film itself, but also through the unusual question and answer sessions he frequently makes after the projections; he clearly expects people to keep thinking about what he has presented. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and discard the film is to label it as Dada or nihilist, a youthful attack on the modern film industry of An actor who has worked both inside and out. But there's a reason why Glover makes his slide show before showing his film, and it's not just for selling books; his books are juxtaposed and create a narrative from images and text that Glover put together, and what is it? He does it in a similar way with images taken from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? It is a captivating and captivating movie in a way that you can hardly wait while you look. There has already been a lot of talk about Glover's use of actors with Down syndrome, and in fact that is one of the most surprising aspects of the film. So discordant, in fact, that many seem to interpret it as a kind of powerful crusade to see a more realistic and / or worthy representation of the disabled in movies and television, or, at the other end of the spectrum, as a type of exploitation Direct of the disabled. But neither is it, and perhaps that is part of what makes this film so uncomfortable for many: the underlying agenda is not political or hateful, but consists of looking beyond the dominant culture in a kind of ugliness other It is not a film about Down syndrome, but it is a film that is owned by the actors with Down syndrome that appear in it. <br /> <br /> I am the kind of person who is completely gung-ho when he comes to the ugliness and the strangeness being portrayed so crudely that he is beautiful; happily for me, this is almost exactly how is it? It is presented to the spectators. Glover uses the strange images of snails, death and the handicapped partly because he wants his audience to feel discomfort either because of the strange rarity of the images or because of the visceral reaction to the death cries of an anthropomorphized snail. Somehow, the strangely convincing (and sometimes frankly grotesque) elements of What is it? Do you remember the work of the painter Francis Bacon? The one of the infamous popes, yes, and the strange distortions of the human figure that inevitably make the spectators shudder and want to look the other way. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover's film manages to be opulent and humble, grainy and polished, chaotic and well made. and the contradictions help make it even more disconcerting. But still, this is not a totally serious film, and to a large extent it manages to elude the biggest pitfalls of pretension through the use of humor that, for the most part, derives from the use (and juxtaposition) of familiar elements, images and names of popular culture. And when is it? It's fun, it's very funny. <br /> <br /> In general, what is it? is an impressive first Glover film as a director and writer, and his presence as an actor in the film proves that it is not nearly the distraction one might expect it to be. Seeing it is like being an observer in the kind of dream that is not exactly good or bad, but strange. and that leaves you a little dirty when you get up. If that's the kind of art you enjoy, what is it? It's likely to exceed your expectations and it's worth the effort to capture it in the theater, along with The Big Slide Show and Glover himself. In short, it is an experience that is unlikely to be forgotten in the future.
