['The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov reappears on the screen and many in the cult world will notice. The director puts us in touch with the story of Alexander, a carefree and unconcerned study of chess addiction. Nastasya is on vacation in a complex of marble columns where a chess championship is held. She meets Alexander by picking up a piece of queen that he drops in the pocket of his coat. A magnetic attraction evolves by what he proposes the next day, the mother alarmed telegrams to the husband. Arriving and questioning Alexander, we get these disappearances from the past, like &#39;The Godfather II, where we see the young Alexander, a child prodigy. He takes it under a wing of school teachers and exploits his genius for 10 years making large sums. Thinking that Alexander reached his peak, he abandons him but becomes a legend. The old master returns causing damage, trying to give the victory to an old rival of Alexander. In a serious chess game in which the victory of the World Chess Champion is a way to achieve immortality, the chess clock marks, the match time ends to conclude the next day. That day is Nastasya&#39;s wedding, the old master interferes and Alexander is sent to a nervous breakdown. Nastasya, holding her stomach and looking through the coat of her love, finds her strategy for the match and follows the moves. Although the film unfortunately shakes off its Russian roots, its low cut dresses are beautiful, Alexander plays its role sublime. The director underestimated her audience, almost never played and the only clue of The Luzhin Defense is after exchanging queens, isolate the king of the opponents with your 3 legs and the king, sacrificing the castle for partner. Nastasya is a great match, but she feels that her conclusion deserved more intensity, but maybe the emotions were correct because chess meant more to him than to her. The Luzhin defense gives Navokov an elegant honor, the complexity of his work in images is a global event that should not be missed.']
