What more can I say? The Americans hated it totally because the cut in the USA. UU It was very bad, although the goodwill underlying it could be detected. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the theatrical release in the USA. UU (Along with the newly released version of the Blu-ray disc), it is faster and tighter than the HK cut, the background music was changed from dark and shadowy HK music to hip-hop music; and there were a lot of horrible scenes cut out. However, the dubbing was a remarkable job, as they tried to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But, the problem is Hak Hap (Black Mask): the film was designed and thought to be dark, dark, super disturbing and totally frightening. Very unfortunately, the launch in the United States simply touched the cream they wanted, which in turn completely changed the tone of the film (the release of HK was rated 18+) to make it even more comical and amateur. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about the original HK release. This movie is like a hidden gem, a prototype for the whole tide and the era of the "matrix". The fight scenes are totally impressive, even the camera works were a bit "old school" between the HK films. However, the style that created the film was a unique blend of Kungfu and pop culture. With all the leather, black suits and decorations, this film presents a batman-type superhero with a black mask against a gang of multinational super-soldiers led by a heavy metal punk rock star boss. Yes, it sounds like the imagination of a retarded child, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie will give you nightmares with foreigners fighting in a bloodbath with leather coats. In 2002 they made a sequel with a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad that was because Li and Liu were the main characters in the movie and they had strong personalities and an interesting friendship. And, did I mention Francois Yip? His circular kick was totally cool, even colder than the villain boss because he did not use a double for all the fights. Did I mention that she was also smoking? Anyway, there are many things that I like about the movie. <br /> <br /> However, the movie also suffered many problems. First, it is a mediocre script made to its full potential, which means that this production team deserved a better screen writer. There are many climaxes in the full 100 minutes, but they often felt crazy and did not make any sense to the audience (the US version was even worse because all the character developments were removed). Anyway, you can not ask too much of an action movie inspired by the comic. Also, this movie is totally inappropriate for children. I will not recommend it to you if you are under 20 years old. It is saturated with disturbing contents that include blood, blood, sado-maso costumes, extreme brutal violence, etc. Along with the style of the film, it can be called a wet dream for fans of heavy metal rock music and action fans. (The US cut was lighter, but if you want to see it, see the HK statement to see what it is). 7/10. State: inspiring, hidden, undervalued, adult.
