After the release of The Straight Story in 1999, it was praised for being the first David Lynch film to ignore its usual themes of the macabre and the surreal. Based on the real story of a man and his trip to visit his brother in a John Deere '66 cutter, at first glance it's a strange story for Lynch to lead. However, as the story unfolds, you can see some of Lynch's characteristic motifs. <br /> <br /> Lynch's focus on the small city of the United States and its inhabitants is still as frequent as in his previous efforts, such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most notable difference is that the rarity is reduced . The restrictions imposed mean that the film has the remarkable award of being one of the few live action movies that I can think of that has a G rating. Incredibly significant, this film is proof that beautiful family movies can be produced and significant. <br /> <br /> The Straight Story was the first film that Lynch directed where he had no hand to write. For many devotees of Lynch, this was a big negative. Almost universally acclaimed, the only criticism too negative made by James Brundage of filmcritic.com focused on this same criticism, that it was not a typical Lynch movie. "Lynch is fighting within the mold of a G-rated history that is not his." Brundage affirms, with its protagonist Alvin Straight "to quote lines directly of Confucious". He argues that the story is weak and the dialogue even worse. However, this is the only criticism that many will read for the film. While it's true that it's not Lynch in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive, all the films I love too, The Straight Story presents a different side of Lynch that is by no means dreadful. If you're a Lynch fan, it's very important to separate that side of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The narrative is slow and reflective, which gives you a real idea of ​​the protagonist's thoughts while traveling. his destiny Alvin constantly remembers his past and his relationships with his wife, his children and his brother. However, particularly significant is that there are no flashbacks, which only adds to the effect, which reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion is like seeing a boat that is transported by a slow and winding river and it is beautiful to see it. The natural landscapes of the USA UU They are accentuated and, together with the beautiful soundtrack by Angelo Badalamenti, make me want to go to America. The performances are also excellent with all the actors credible in their roles and Richard Farnsworth is particularly excellent. His Oscar nomination was well deserved and it was a shame he did not win. In any case, however, it is probably the best swan song for any actor. <br /> <br /> So, while Straight Story does not present any of Lynch's complex narrative or trademark dialogue, the film is a fascinating study of characters about age and is highly recommended!
