Who would have thought that a movie about a man who drives a couple of miles on his lawnmower to see his brother could be a good movie? I certainly did not. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences of my life. Well, I was so wrong that I have not been wrong too often yet, because this is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood movies I've seen ... <br /> <br /> Give a brief summary of " The Straight Story "is not very difficult. He is an old and stubborn man who steps on his lawn mower and goes to another state to visit his brother when he hears that the man has suffered a serious stroke. That is already special in itself, but what makes it even more special is the fact that he has not seen his brother in ten years because of some stupid argument. Meanwhile, he has his share of bad luck and problems, but he also knows many people whose lives influence one way or another with his philosophical approach to life. In spite of all the difficulties that he leads for weeks, without knowing if he will reach his goal: to see his brother again before it is too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why there are people who do not they do it I like this movie and that's also the reason why I will not say that these people do not have a heart or things like that ... This movie does not have flashy action scenes, it's as slow as the lawn mower that the man keeps driving and no, you do not have to look at the good soundtrack either, because there is not any. But why should you see it then? Well, the simple answer is the story. I have not seen such a moving film with such a powerful story and the fact that it really comes from Hollywood and, to further improve, from Disney Studios (it's true, the same studios that overwhelm us with sweet sugar). meaningless) makes it even more special. I'm not ashamed to admit that I had the tears in my eyes a couple of times while I looked at it, probably because the whole situation of not seeing someone for many years because of some stupid argument is too realistic for me. <Br /> <br /> Some people will argue that the story is very superficial, but I really do not agree with that. Maybe it's because they only see that old man driving on his lawnmower and they do not want to think anymore. If you look closely enough to understand that this man is doing all this because he knows he once made a mistake, that only his pride prevented him from seeing his brother again and that he wants everyone else to see him too, so that Make the same mistake If that is not deep enough, how much deeper does a story have to be for you? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this movie really had it all. Some beautiful landscapes (finally, an American movie that shows something more than the New York skyline, Chicago or some other big city), some excellent interpretations of Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and a very understandable way to count them despite in fact, this is a David Lynch movie. Now I know I was completely wrong to assume that this movie would not be to my liking. It's one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. This movie aimed at my heart and hit the bullseye. I give it the full 10/10.
