Every time I listen to a movie that is promoted because it has no sex, violence, bad language, special effects, etc., my bs.s. the detector goes off Usually, a movie like that is a sentimental nonsense that satisfies people who do not want to be surprised, but to affirm how superior they are to us are the people who love us. So when THE STRAIGHT STORY by David Lynch began to receive such criticism, I became concerned, especially because he was not a fan of his other "uplifting" story, THE ELEPHANT MAN. Despite all the impressive images and good acting in that film, she seemed more interested in preaching than in inspiring us. <br /> <br /> I did not have to have worried. THE STRAIGHT STORY is an honest movie instead of a saccharine. Most of that is due to the fact that Lynch and the writers John Roach and Mary Sweeney explain it in a simple and simple way for the most part. There were a couple of Straight homilies that I could have done without him, and the shots of the beans that are harvested are repeated a bit too much, but those are just objections. There is no hard-line message, no sentimental cords to shake our emotions, no condescension towards us and their characters. Instead, they depend on history to build their own power, and they do, so in the final scene, we are really moved. <br /> <br /> Of course, Richard Farnsworth's release adds realism to the part. He really is someone who seems to have lived a lot, but he still perseveres, and except for those homilies, his desire to be with his brother again does not seem too sentimental, because you can feel that there is someone who has also lived. Long and seen too much to be driven by anger for long. And he knows that his time is running out, so he wants to make peace, not only with his brother, but with his life. Sissy Spacek also does a good job, unmanned, like Straight's daughter. And although I'm a boy from the city and the suburbs, the landscapes of Iowa and Wisconsin are very well shot, so at least I want to visit them someday.
