Just when it was easy to assume that a costume drama about royalty could not go anywhere, Emily Blunt, a marvel in the lead role, Paul Bettany, gives us a gift, a touching and intelligent drama anchored by strong and charismatic performances. Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong, as the immediate forces that help shape the development of one of the most powerful monarchs in England. "The young Victoria" dramatizes the tumultuous transition of the young woman to power. <br /> <br /> Emily plays the queen, with a good combination of pure strength and innocence, someone who recognizes the complexity of the task at hand. but who has enough confidence to move forward. She is able to portray Victoria, as an astute young woman who knows she needs the support of some key players and must be able to deal with those who might now have her best interests available. <br /> <br /> Victoria must resist a series of intrusions on her way to the crown, and even when she takes command of her new position, she discovers that the road to self-sufficiency will depend on making very important decisions and, of course, of the right support. Luckily for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who seems to like him and who is his soul mate. There is an amazing chemistry between the two artists, and there is no doubt what the result will be, but there is the figure of the Prime Minister of Bettany, a man who gives Victoria some support and is also fond of her. <br /> <Branda Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supporting roles as two parts that could be questionable in nature and exercise a considerable amount of power in the girl's education. Each of the supporting characters could use a little more development, but what we can see on the screen could be enough to keep us focused on the central character and an excellent performance of Blunt, an actress who has shown enough enthusiasm and passion. Previous actions. Here, he is given the main role of his career, a historical figure of real life, who broke the rules and managed to govern for a long time. She shows the seeds of strength and character that the monarch could have needed in her last years. She also has a sweetness and innocence that became the basis of her charitable work and her future intervention in social changes. <br /> <br /> "The young Victoria" is not a real epic portrait of England's ruling class. It is an intimate story of how human beings grow and the special circumstances that surround and shape them. In the end, the film is a lovely entry in a year that has shown a lot of emphasis on war and destruction. Here is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us very far, and there is, of course, a good old-fashioned love story.
