Who knows? Queen Victoria Dowdy, the plump monarch who was practically imprisoned for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, actually led a life full of drama and intrigue in her younger days. 'The young Victoria' not only narrates the romance of the young queen with her future husband, but also does a good job of detailing the political machinations surrounding her rise to the throne. <br /> <br /> Act I 'configuration' attracts you immediately. After the death of Victoria's father, the Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after the birth of Victoria, the Duchess of Kent finally hooked up with former army officer John Conroy, who offered his services as comptroller to the widow And your baby. be. Conroy insisted that Victoria grow up under the atrocious 'Kensington System', rules designed to prevent the future Queen from having contact with other children as she grows up. In addition, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she became Queen. <br /> <br /> The film explains that in 1830 the Parliament passed the Regency Law, which established that Victoria's mother would be regent (and, therefore, Guardian). ) in the event that Victoria acceded to the throne when she was still a minor. During this time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the unfortunate princess and insisted that she sign the papers to turn Conroy into her private secretary and treasurer. Victoria's strong will would have none of that, and she refused to accept the infamous plans of Conroy and her mother. The Duchess did not like King William, since she considered him a defender of the lack of respect for the Monarchy; The king felt that the duchess did not respect his wife. As a result, the Duchess tried to limit Victoria's contact with the king. In an exaggerated scene that seemed to have occurred in history, the king rebuked the duchess at her birthday banquet, claiming that her goal was to survive until Victoria turned 18 so that her mother would not become a regent. <br /> <br /> King William kept his word and died shortly after Victoria became eligible to access the throne. Victoria took revenge on her mother for her support of Conroy, whom she blamed for making her childhood so miserable. Both were banished to a secluded apartment in Buckingham Palace and for several years Victoria had little contact with her mother. <br /> <br /> 'The young Victoria' conveys the excitement, the pomp and the circumstances surrounding the coronation of Victoria as queen. A good part of the film is about Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the Whig Party Prime Minister who, unfortunately, appears in the film much younger than he really was. At first, Melbourne gains the confidence of the young queen and they become good friends. In the first years of his reign, he sees Melbourne as a progressive, but later loses some respect for him, as he reveals himself as a typical politician, hiding his contempt for the masses he is supposed to be defending. Actually, Melbourne was more of a father figure to Victoria, but the film suggests some sexual tension between the Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic rivals. <br /> <br /> The plot is complicated when Melbourne is forced Out and the queen must commission Sir Robert Peel, the most conservative conservative party, as the new prime minister. The film tells the events of 'The Bedchamber Crisis' in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her Bedchamber ladies with the wives of the Tory politicians. The film leaves aside another scandal that involved a Mrs. Hastings, one of the duchess's escorts who was accused of having an affair with John Conroy and getting pregnant with him. Because of her hatred for Conroy, Victoria helped spreading rumors about Hastings' supposed pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings only appeared pregnant, what she really had was an abdominal tumor. Victoria's inexperience is shown during the Bedchamber crisis, but the screenwriters of the film ignore some of the more unpleasant aspects of her character, as evidenced by the Hastings Affair affair. <br /> <br /> The rest of "The Young Victoria" deals with ... of course - the romance between the queen and Prince Albert. Victoria made Albert wait, as the film makes clear, since she wanted to get used to her duties as the new Sovereign. They spent a lot of time in correspondence until Albert returned to England and gave support to Victoria during the difficult times of the Bedchamber Crisis. <br /> <br /> I find a good number of parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the current husband of the queen. Although Philip is mainly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had in-laws that were of German origin. Both Albert and Philip were in charge of reforming the label at the Court (there is a large scene in which Albert discovers that the servants are still setting a table for King George III, although he had been dead for years!). Albert's fight was the same for Felipe, as husbands of the monarchs, they had to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip engaged in various civic projects and showed that they did not have to live continuously in the shadow of their always popular wives. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, there is an excellent scene towards the end of the film where Albert infuriates Victoria with what she perceives as his "interference" in his affairs. Albert does not want a second 'Bedchamber Crisis', so he goes over the head of his wife and organizes a commitment to Victoria's ladies. Victoria is just talking to Albert when an assassin's bullets almost destroy them (in the movie, Albert is shot in the arm, but this never happened!). <br /> <br /> The performances in the film are uniformly excellent, especially The Directors, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. The young Victory ends abruptly and the final credits lean too much towards hagiography (not to mention Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But 'Victoria' is still an attractive drama and a fascinating history lesson.
