['At first I was forced to attend by my wife, since she is fascinated by the royal families of Britain and its history, and will not go to the cinema without me. Although the spectators should not expect to be electrified, this film is very well made and the visual aspect is second to none. In many ways, it helps to dispel the myth that Victoria was the miserable and smirking woman that is often seen in photographs. She was smart intelligent and, according to the story of her early years, a happy and fun young woman. His love for Albert was the essence of true love, and even if he only counts the number of children he had (9), they must have had a passionate relationship. All this is well confirmed in the film. For this purpose, the cast has been well selected, with Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend giving sound performances such as Victoria and Albert. <br /><br /> (SPOILER ALERT) The historical precision is somewhat questionable since at no time was Prince Albert shot while defending Victoria. There was at least one assassination attempt when they were together, but the shot did not shoot anyone. It also seemed strange to me that little was done to expand the supposedly intimate relationship between Victoria&#39;s mother and Sir John Conroy. It is very likely that this relationship was the real reason for Victoria&#39;s displeasure for both her mother and Conroy. I also found it odd that there was an attempt to portray the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as an error in the romantic, or at least have the potential to become romantic. She was almost 50 years old when Victoria came to the throne, and while marriages between older men and young women were common at that time, the film shows Melbourne as a kind of star and rival for Prince Albert. Apparently, there were rivals for Albert, but she could never have married even slightly below her position in life, and Albert was one of the few who would have been acceptable in any case. <br /><br /> In general, I&#39;ve had worse times at the movies, and the brownie points with my wife can not be a bad thing either.']
