The misfortune of Queen Victoria must be defined as a historical figure according to his relations with men. Shortly after arriving on the throne, she was influenced by her prime minister, Lord Melbourne, to the extent that she was known as "Mrs. Melbourne". After the death of her beloved husband, Albert, they called her "Windsor's widow", and years later, a long friendship with her Scottish ghillie John Brown earned her the nickname "Mrs. Brown". Such is the price paid by women. In a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different and "Young Victoria" is heading towards the end, representing the queen as an intelligent and independent young woman, aware of the inequalities in her society and in her court. The courts have always been full of seething jealousy, conspiracy and counter-conspiracy, naked ambition and, sometimes, direct killings. Victoria, 18, ascended to her uncle's throne, beginning a positive orgy of intrigue and a power struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne rushes in the Old Public School Man style with his refined cynicism and polished advice. It is no wonder then that the young queen is surprised by him, and perhaps even a little in love, a wonder that explodes relentlessly, tracing a thin line between seduction and attempted sedition while imposing her policies against the best judgment of Victory. In the sand Prince Albert rides on a mission of King Leopold of Belgium, interested in the political approach between Great Britain and the rest of Europe. At first, a reluctant suitor soon falls in love with the English queen and alleviates the influence of politicians and courtiers. "The Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographed film, brilliantly punctuated and very sumptuous. I note that it has been criticized in some quarters for this sumptuousness as if a film about nineteenth-century English royalty had somehow shown the Empress of India and her family living in rags in a dirty workhouse ..... ... I do not think so. I must highlight the extraordinary Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of the young lady of Princess Margaret. His role is obviously the pivotal role, and he has no problem mastering the film despite the strong performances of Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walter, all immeasurably more experienced. The music is appropriately real and forms a cohesive part of the whole movie without being in any way annoying. The fact that Britan flourished more under her two great queens, Elizabeth the First and Victoria, which at any other time is an issue that feminists would like to do more, but, I suspect, like Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, women really powerful women make them feel. uncomfortable. If you can find out why there might be a Ph.D. in that.
