In general, I thought it was a very nice movie. I hate to use the word "nice" because it's pretty dry, but it was very beautiful to watch and the central performances of Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong. What I liked most was that, despite the gleaming aesthetics of the costumes and settings, all golden and bright, this aspect never took hold of the heart of the film, which was good, good writing (thanks Julian Fellowes: D ); nothing too extravagant or saturated with pomp, that is, it is not sensationalist (when Victoria is dragged out of bed to know that she is now Queen, well, you can not get a less glamorous hand from the crown). Its rhythm was smooth and each line of the film was worth it. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the portrait of the love between Victoria and Albert, although a bit of fairy tale in the face, was actually a candle that burned slowly. and Friend and Blunt did a good job of showing how these two people "gathered" effortlessly, even though the union was initially willing (my favorite part was when they got home after the hunt and Victoria just hugged her new husband from behind; that's what the movie is about). Blunt held up very well too, he has a face that demands your attention and I can not help but mention the costumes he wears, each one just beautiful. If I were Blunt, I would have trouble separating myself from any of them! The rest of the ensemble cast played their roles well, Harriet Walter as Queen Adelaide is a highlight. <br /> <br /> The only remedy I have is that I lacked a sense of urgency or an event that I might have had. Did the movie make it a little more exciting? (She was quite docile) I do not know, I wanted something "happening" that would make Victoria take out some strength and prove that it was worth a little more. When she and Albert argued, I loved it, I could have done it with some more fundamental dramatic moments, although that could only be for me. <br /> <br /> Finally, at the risk of sounding all patriotic, he renewed a kind of pride and admiration in the crown and what it takes to be in such a position, especially in someone so young. This may be due in part to the fact that the snapshot of Victoria's life in this movie is immediately appropriate to what I've been writing for a character of mine in 'The Sword & The Scion', but nevertheless, it did mark those feelings ( for Those who follow my book, can you guess which character reflects Victoria so well?) It could have been partly in the movie that shows how ridiculous the government was in those days, since they did not seem to give two shrieks about the poor and the dispossessed of the nation, which only in turn renews the appreciation that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were so active in this domestic domain. It made the government seem rather useless, nothing has changed, then I suppose. <br /> <br /> BLOG in movies and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
