What more can be said? I have not been so fascinated with a young actress since Cate Blanchett burst on the scene ten years ago. And although Blanchett and Blunt have played Queens now (it seems to be the point of reference for the new actresses), the roles are completely opposite to the polar ones. <br /> <br /> Quite simply, if you are looking for a great passion, a compelling drama and Machiavellian intrigue, this is not the movie for you. This does not mean that the script or direction was bad, it's just that the theme of the film did not lead a life too dramatic compared to other notable royals like Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II. and Elainor de Acquitane. These are people whose lives were such things as good soap operas and whose policies and decisions altered the course of the British and, in most cases, the history of the world. Victoria, on the other hand, ascended the throne without incident, almost ruled a nation that was rapidly becoming a global power due to industrialization and the rise of the Navy, her state had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and He married The young people had a harmonious family life. The facts of his life are not the Sturm und Drag, since they are made of powerful dramas. <br /> <br /> The heart of the film, apart from the attempt to dramatize his education and the machinations that surround his throne, is The Story of the One Thing that was really shocking and surprising about his reign: a story of love. Marriage made for economic or political reasons is not necessarily the place to look for a moving passion, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as a kind of marital fidelity, happiness and ideal family life of Saint Patron. Therefore, the center of the film is the incipient love of Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very surprised by Rupert Friend's characterization of Albert, whom he portrayed as a kind, patient, somewhat serious and perhaps naive man, who seeks to "do good in the world and help". In short, he is a good man with a good heart, he is not the most dynamic figure to base a drama, but since that is not the point of the story, it does not matter. The character's heart shines thanks to Friend's sober and serious performance. <br /> <br /> As for the Queen, well ... Emily Blunt is sublime. You can not deny its beauty, but it's more than something nice to look at; His face is like a speed because of its expressiveness. The slightest arch of the eyebrow, the look of the eye or the slight crooked smile offer much. Again, this is not a grandiloquent performance of heavy speeches and passionate pleading, it's not that kind of movie. But what Ms. Blunt does with the role is to show the simple humanity of the character with a powerful subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see the joie de vivre that has been controlled by Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) and her intriguing counselor / lover Conroy expressed in the simple things like Victoria trying to draw her dog. We see his delight and fascination when they meet Albert for the first time because of his eyes continually drawn to him. We see her nervous and overwhelmed when she goes to Parliament in her Ascension. And my favorite scene of all in the movie, we see her nervous, happy and hopeful as she settles down to do what most women never have to do in her life. Ask the man who loves to marry her, such a ridiculous proposal. for those moments (and some would say now) that Victoria bursts into a nervous laugh before she can say "marry me". Again, this is not a movie for expressions larger than life, but rather a study in the subtleties of a character and making small things say so much. <br /> <br /> Then, in general, I judge the film for what it is and what it tried to do and, as such, I give it a 7. I felt that some of the policies could be explained better and that some actors good ones were wasted with little work and little development of characters, namely, Miranda Richardson as the Duchess of Kent, and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the film does not have to have devoted much time to those characters, but a little more exposure would have helped explain the political environment. I would also have loved to see more of the adaptation to married life between Victoria and Albert, but that may be my greed for more scenes between Friend and Blunt. <br /> <br /> In summary, do not see this film in terms of a historical drama, but for what it really is, a love story between two characters who turn out to be historical figures. I give this movie a solid 7 for wonderful performances, costumes and bright scenarios and the magnificent Victoria of Emily Blunt. And anyone who has a bit of romance, will be touched at the end of this movie. God save the Queen.
