['The cinematographic interests in the British monarchy continue with The Young Victoria (1837 to 1901), after having seen in recent years, the efforts with The Duchess by Keira Knightley, the films of Elizabeth by Cate Blanchett, and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman they interpret the Boleyn sisters with the other Boleyn. More contemporary stories would include Helen Mirren&#39;s award-winning portrait of The Queen in the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II at the end of Princess Diana&#39;s death. <br /><br /> Each of the aforementioned films featured amazing actresses with gravitational acts (well, some may dispute Johansson) or they were the flavor of their moment, and each film had a definitive moment in the legacy of its historical character that becomes a truism for have those events. It appeared, and in fact Elizabeth had enough to cover two films. However, The Young Victoria, as the title already suggests, is a light version of the life of the young queen, and if you are looking for that final event, or the political intrigue that plagues all real households and their relationships with the shadow, selfish politicians, unfortunately there is nothing in depth here. <br /><br /> That does not mean that The Young Victoria has nothing. Directed by the Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (better known by CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film narrates, in very clear terms, the life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, who would soon become the new It girl) when I was a kid. The problems he faced before the coronation, such as the enthusiasm of his mother, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and his advisor, Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong), appointed themselves as Regents of his throne, as already planned King reigns William (Jim Broadbent). As if that were not enough, the political power game comes on the scene with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) being a waiting Prime Minister trying to win the confidence of the new Queen, and subtly placing his own trusted allies in positions within of the Palace. On the one hand, I would understand the need for a young and new queen to have people who trust in key positions, but on the other, are they really acting in their interest or for the benefit of others? <br /><br /> Even this angle of intrigue creeps into his romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where his relationship forms most of the second half of the film, and almost everything already included in the advances. For both, they have been educated under the influence of others and have been told at every step of the way exactly what to do. Even their union may seem like a firm record of an alliance, if not for the two lovers who recognize their common need to establish their own base and do it with the help of the other. Instead of being pawns, there is a constant search and probing of opportunities to break the asphyxiating and sometimes absurd rules and regulations. Trust also becomes a very valuable product, and loyalty can also be exchanged for wanting to establish clean slate. <br /><br /> However, all these themes become a breeze through the narrative, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there is so much rapid progress here, especially the last minutes full of intertitles, that it actually leaves the audience wanting more, and of course space for another movie, which I suspect will probably not see daylight, but such Once a television series could capture the response of the film, and come out with a miniseries or something like that. It is a pity that all the effort here to make sure that the magnificent costumes, scenarios and art direction is confined to a film that is quite light in terms of themes and brief mentions to the problems, does not really challenge the protagonists to allow some Overcoming the adversary that defines the character. <br /><br /> With its cast full of stars, one would expect more, but one would be left wanting more in its place. Recommended for those who are always curious about the Kings and Queens in the British Monarchy, only as a complement to other more interesting stories available in the other films already mentioned.']
