Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in line for the throne of England. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not well and may not live long. However, Vicky's intriguing mother, The Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her assistant, John (Mark Strong), want to force Victoria to sign papers that declare them "regents" until she is older, since she is only 20 years old. old. years. The young woman refuses, even though John slaps her. It is another sign that Victoria has a great will and a deep love for her country. However, when William dies, shortly after turning 21, Victoria knows she has a heavy job ahead of her. First, she must surround herself with the "right" advisers to govern wisely. She chooses the handsome Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) who, although he is an older man, is mentioned as a suitor by Vicky. Which brings us to the second important decision of the young queen. Sooner than not, the young queen must select her future partner, since it will give stability to her life and those of the kingdom, since an heir must appear in the coming years. Meanwhile, in Germany, some distant relatives of the British royal family are also plotting some plans. The handsome Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), of the Saxon-Coburg dynasty, is pressured by his father to court the young king of English royalty. Once he arrives at the palace, he is beaten and the feeling seems to be mutual. But, since he is a minor player on the map of the royal union, can he succeed in winning his heart? This is a lovely movie, even better thanks to a completely winning performance by Emily Blunt as Victoria. Yes, she is beautiful, but it is her intelligent reading of the paper that scores powerfully. Friend, too, does it well, just like the other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what a repulsive role!), And the rest. In addition, the film is beautifully shot, dressed and put, so it is a visual pleasure in every way. If something is missing, it is an extra dose of glare, since the film seems a bit too simple and prosaic, sometimes with a somewhat imaginative edition. However, this is just a minor argument in a very successful and beautiful film in general. In short, young and old, should give time to young Victoria. It is a more worthy film among the cinematographic offers of 2009.
