The reign of 63 years of Queen Victoria is perhaps one of the most documented and well-known historical reigns of British history. On the one hand, its history lacks the theaters of the previous royalty due to a change in climate and social attitudes, and on the other, its history is perpetuated because it is remarkably human. Taking the first years of her life, where the budding romance between her and Prince Albert of Germany came to the fore, director Jean-Marc Vallée, who until recently remained in the unknown shadows of the industry, takes the story of Victoria and capture that human element so vital to her legacy. It is a story that feels extremely humble considering its exuberant background, and that is partly what gives it a distinct advantage here that separates it from the usual fare. <br /> <br /> Adopting a very direct and focused approach that focuses on During a brief period of approximately five years between your ascension and marriage to Albert, The Young Victoria does what so few pieces of this nature offer. Instead of attempting an extensive encapsulation of the whole life of such a figure, Vallée chooses to show one of the lesser-known complexities of Victoria's early years, which are easily overlooked in favor of the publicly known praises. The result is a feature that can displease historians thanks to their relatively frivolous looks at the facts and the like, but without ever letting the document get in the way of extracting a convincing story, the writer Julian Fellowes adheres to His weapons and offers a bit romantic but compelling representation. Vallée takes this and runs, making sure to fully capitalize on those elements with enough restraint to maintain integrity in regards to both the story involved and the viewer watching. <br /> <br /> An important part in the joy of seeing The Young Victoria Play Out, however, is simply based on the production values ​​here awarded that give life to the early 1800s in Regal Britain with a vigorous realism that is rarely achieved in such a surprising way with genre films. Everything from the designs of costumes, sets, hairstyles, lighting and photography accentuates the grand background inherent in Victoria's story without overloading it. In fact, while Vallée's interpretation comes to life here, it is very difficult not to be absorbed solely through the aesthetic that impregnates the visual element; and then there is the score of the film that also works tremendously to improve the very elegant and personal tones that dominate the script of Fellowes. Interlacing the works of Schubert and Strauss in the story of Victoria and Albert, not only works as a point of reference for the characters with whom to play, but also combines the work with an elegance and a refrain that echo the original work of the composer Ilan Eshkeri too. <br /> <br /> However, for all the poignant compositions, exuberant backgrounds and immaculate costumes that mark each scene, the most important factor here and, in fact, for most period dramas are the performances of the cast. and how they help. Bring the world in which you exist to life. Fortunately, young Victoria has been blessed with an equally immaculate set of actors, both young and old, who do a fantastic job in doing just that. Between the sweet romance of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the somewhat antagonistic struggles of her advisors and the like (led by a terrifying Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), the conflicts and the warmth that prevail in the screenplay Fellowe Everyone involved communicates perfectly here, which helps to prevent the film from being a plastic affair "nice to look at but dark below" so common in these outings. <br /> <br /> In the end, it is difficult to criticize a job as the young victory. He has a perfectly moving human sense and affection within his perfect rhythm romance, plus some historical significance that plays an interesting source of interest to those in the audience interested in such details. Of course, it is possible that he does not take the film world by assault and that it lacks a certain significance for his general presence, which prevents it from becoming something more than a drama of the romantic period; however, in a certain sense, this is what makes it pleasant. Vallée never seems to be fighting for greatness, nor does he seem content to make an escapist piece for the fans. Somewhere within this gray medium is The Young Victoria, which will surely attend to fans of the genre and those a little more disappointed with the usual productions; beautiful, memorable, but above all, human. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
