In addition to having the longest reign in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also has two other distinctions. She was, apart from our current queen, the oldest British monarch of all ages, and lived to be 81 years old. And she was also the youngest British monarch (unlike the English or Scottish monarch), coming to the throne as an eighteen-year-old girl. And yet, every time the television or the cinema makes a program or a film about it, they seem much more interested in the greater Victory than in the girl; Victoria's version with which the modern audience will probably be more familiar is Judi Dench in "Mrs Brown". "The young Victoria" tries to restore balance by showing us the events that surrounded her access and the first years of her reign. It has the rare distinction of having been produced by a former Royal, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter, Princess Beatrice, makes a brief appearance as an extra. <br /> <br /> There are three main aspects of the plot. The first concerns the intrigues of Victoria's mother, the Duchess of Kent, a highly unpopular figure even with her own daughter, largely due to the influence of her adviser Sir John Conroy, who is widely rumored to be his mistress . (According to an unfounded rumor, he, and not the late Duke of Kent, was Victoria's natural father). The second line refers to the growing romance between Victoria and her German cousin, Prince Albert, and the attempts of King Leopold of Belgium, who was uncle to both, to influence this romance. (Leopold's hope was to increase the prestige of the House of Saxe-Coburg, to which both he and Albert belonged). The third refers to one of the strangest episodes in British political history, the Bedchamber crisis of 1839, when supporters of the Tory Party (which had traditionally supported a strong monarchy) mutinied because it was perceived that the young Queen was Supporter of the Whig Party and its leader Lord. Melbourne, even though the Whigs had historically supported an almost republican system of government, with the monarch reduced to one figure. <br /> <br /> Screenwriter Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and I sometimes wondered if this may have colored his treatment of political issues, as he seems to lean towards the side of conservatives, predecessors of the modern conservative party. Its leader, Robert Peel, is shown as a man of status and dignified, while Melbourne, despite all his talent and charm, is shown as tortuous and disinterested in social reform. There may be some truth in these characterizations, but Fellowes ignores the fact that only a few years earlier the Tories had opposed the Reform Law, which put an end to the corrupt electoral system of the rotten districts, and which had benefited from the dismissal. unconstitutional of William IV. A whig administration. <br /> <br /> Lessons in dynastic and constitutional history do not always transfer well to the movie screen, and this contains its share of inaccuracies. Prince Albert, for example, was not hurt in the attempt of Edward Oxford for the life of Victoria, and Melbourne (at the end of the fifties at the time of Victoria's accession) was not as young as Paul shows Bettany here. King William IV certainly did not like the Duchess of Kent (who was his sister-in-law), but I doubt he would have gone so far as to disturb her during a state banquet, as he is shown doing here. I did not understand the meaning of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy try to force Victoria to sign an "Order of Regency"; The Duchess's constitutional position was made clear in the Regency Act of 1830, which stipulated that she would become Regent if her daughter was still under eighteen years of age at the time of her accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria could have altered the provisions of the Act. <br /> <br /> There are also occasional unhappiness. In an early scene, we see Victoria and Albert playing chess while they compare themselves to the pawns that move around a chessboard, a metaphor so trite that the whole scene should have been completed with a "Danger! Important cliché for in front of!" warning. However, despite scenes like this, I got to enjoy the movie. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as the intrepid Duchess and Mark Strong as the detestable Conroy. It is visually very attractive, since it is filmed with a sumptuous style that we have come to associate with the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent takes a funny turn like King William, though he occasionally succumbs to the temptation to exaggerate. (Although not as disastrously exaggerated as it was in "Moulin Rouge"). <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of the film, however, are the performances of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as the two young lovers. Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria was in real life, but in her charming portrayal, the Queen is no longer the lady of the popular imagination, the widow of Windsor dressed in black who did not enjoy herself perpetually, but was a determined and strong mentality. and affectionate young woman. His love for Albert, and his happy family life together, was one of the main reasons why the monarchy managed to reestablish itself in the affections of the British people. (With the exception of George III, Victoria's Hanoverian ancestors were notoriously lacking in marital virtues.) Blunt and Friend make "The Young Victoria" a poignant romance and an exciting human drama, as well as an exploration of a key period in British history. 8/10
