The legend of Andrei Konchalovsky's imposing poem of 4 and a half hours to Siberia should not begin immediately, since he must stay in space, as he takes his time in explorations of childhood memories half-remembered in a lifetime . The village of Backwoods of the last century, however, the film continues to gain strength in emotional resonance as if even the sounds and images that make it up are imbued with the association with its theme with that quality of fierce and tireless dignity that characterizes the Soviet work spirit. . Konchalovsky celebrates the Soviet collectivity, but in an almost revisionist way to the eyelashes I Am Cuba and Invincible, the atmosphere becomes somber and reflective. The news of the revolution arrives at the isolated Siberian village through the vine. The fruits of their work only reach it when a world war demands that young people enlist. Through all this, Konchalovksy concentrates on the individual, with care and affection to examine the bitter desire and regret of the woman who waited 6 years after the war for a boyfriend who never returned, waited long enough to leave and Become a waitress on a boat with velvet armchairs and years later, she left to return to her village to care for an elderly uncle who killed with an ax the father of the fiancé, the irreverent madness of the fiancé who returned from the war as a hero 20 years also later, he did not return for the sake of the girl he left but to drill oil for the homeland, the desperation and resignation of the leader of the middle-aged Regional Party who returns to his small Siberian village with the sole purpose of erasing him From the map to build a power plant. The film takes place from decade to decade, from the decade of the decade of the 80s, with amazing news sequences that go from the Soviet history of the revolution to the famine of war and the titanic technological achievements of an empire (amazing images here, all the kinetic violence and skewed angles and blinking crowds and faces), but the film itself focuses on the individual, on big and small triumphs and follies. In the second half, a feeling of bittersweet fatalism enters; of broken lives that never reached their fullness by drowning with sorrow and longing. "It can not matter", it seems that the world is saying, to which Konchalovksy responds "it must matter" because the protagonists are still trying to redeem. <br /> <br /> However, behind this saga of 'man against landscape' something seems to float, somber, almost unimportant, like the hermit Eternal Old that appears in each segment to guide or repudiate the protagonists, to Sometimes a mere spectator, sometimes the enigmatic sage; a little behind and, above all, the challenges and incomprehensible statements, logical and direct human characters, it seems that something invisible is lurking. Ghosts of the parents that appear in sepia dreams, repeated shots of a star shining in the nightky, a curious bear, in fact, the same Eternal One himself; Konchalovksy asks for fear and reverence before a mystical land of some other order. In his treatment of a small community of locals who struggle against the progress and time of nature and the way he learns to deal with them, often funny, strange and tragic at the same time, and how the director never allows that cynicism annul his humanism, remember. I from The Deep Desires of the Gods of Shohei Imamura. When, in a dreamy scene, Alexei tears the boards of a door in which a propaganda poster of Stalin is stuck to reach his (dead) father while he vanishes in the fog, the film hints at the betrayal of the Soviet dream. Or, better yet, before all the things lost in the revolution, this betrayal became more explicit in the fiery outcome of the film. The surprising visual effects, elegiac and somber with a natural natural edge, help seal the deal. In the end, an oil derr explodes into flames and the film explodes into a wild explosion of pure cinema.
