This movie seems to have been designed like a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie: the plot sketch, the dance numbers, the zippy music and the whole formula is there ... except for Ginger! If it was REALLY thought of as a re-pairing of the team it is uncertain but it sure looks like one of these movies. Instead of Fred's regular partners (such as Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used, probably because despite being known as a comedy team, they COULD sing and dance quite well. This really surprised me, but the team was a welcome addition and some of the traditional numbers of Fred and Ginger were made with Fred and Gracie or these two together with George. Only once, in the end, Mrs. Fontaine dances with Fred, but it is very brief and with a distant camera shot. <br /> <br /> And speaking of Burns and Allen, I think I owe it to the team to talk about them in the movie. I've never been a fan of your show or your movies. In general, it seems to me that Gracie's idiotic act is very annoying and I have given her some bad reviews of her short films and feature films. However, in this film I must admit that they were great, not only dancing with competition, but actually I thought they were fun and filled the gap left by Edward Everett Horton very well. They were at the top of their game and the writers did a wonderful job in this department. <br /> <br /> Now, as for the rest of the movie, it's very fun and entertaining. However, the problem for me was that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the film, not only because she was acting outside her range (after all, she was not a singer or dancer), but because she had the presence screen of a ball of fluff. Due to this, the usual balance and the great dialogue between boys and girls was missing. There was also a very charming performance by Harry Watson as a devilish child who did everything he could to play Cupid, all because he wanted to win a bet! And finally, I loved the sequence Fun House and Tunnel of Love: it's very hard to describe but it's really fun to watch! In general, I liked the movie a lot, it had a lot of charm and an excellent writing. Unfortunately, she also had a smooth performance from Mrs. Fontaine that ends a point, which raised my score for this movie to 7.
