Soon, Americans swarmed over a dark and damaged England that was preparing to invade Europe, but in 1937 the image of modern Americans in the sunny and slightly ridiculous English countryside was an idyllic and attractive diversion. Jerry Halliday (Astaire), American star and dancer on a tour of Europe and tired of the screaming crowd generated by the spooky propaganda of her manager (Burns), is unwittingly trapped in the marriage prospects of the frustrated heiress Lady Alice Marshmorton ( Fontaine). The story is complicated by a group of bets among the servants of Marshmorton that is managed by (and arranged for) the chief steward Keggs (Gardiner), who bets on Lady Alice's cousin Reggie (Noble), the favorite of the dominant aunt and suffocating from Alice (Collier). The story would have been much better as a half-hour television episode. The usual devices of the Wodehouse frame of erroneous identity and the jumps to erroneous conclusions are worn out in a long film. Both Alice and Jerry seem impossibly (and annoying) clueless in the second half of the movie. The amusement park interlude and the climax in the castle are too long and begin to creep. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be an elegant blonde, no matter how aristocratic, while the young footman Albert (Watson) is terribly horrible. But while "Damsel" is a pretty small vehicle for so much talent, talent does not disappoint us. Astaire's romantic comedy ability is no less pleasant here than in any of her films with Ginger Rogers and her dance scenes, both alone and with Burns and Allen, are on par, although her only dance with rookie hoofer Joan is necessarily meek Gracie almost steals the entire show as George's bubbly secretary, who is both airy, intriguing and coldly self-assured. His scene with the solid actor Gardiner as the devious snob Keggs is a unique classic. The priceless scene of Astraire with the madrigal singers gives "Damsel" a delicious color of naive but noble-minded Americans mingling with noble English but with a dull spirit. Gershwin is at the top of his game with "Good work if you can get it" and "Rigid upper lip", which take the film through its weak points. And is there another movie where the madrigals receive a swing treatment from Gershwin? "Damsel" is more than a piece of triviality for those who want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before she was a true star. It is a fun as entertaining as any of the musical comedies vaudevilianas who ruled the 1930s but never again.
