In a famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell notes that many readers always regretted that Dickens had never continued writing as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS: that is, he did not just write funny episodic novels for the rest of his career . This would not have been too difficult for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Surtees did just that, concentrating only on the misadventures of the fox-hunting game (MR FANCY ROMFORD'S HUNDS is the title of one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees still has followers, but most people find their novels illegible. Dickens was determined to prove he was more than a funny man (and do not forget, his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also a fun book). Therefore, Dickens's third book is OLIVER TWIST (which became quite somber in the points). Orwell says that for any author to grow, they have to change the style of their books. Dickens would definitely (and successfully) have accepted it. <br /> <br /> But Orwell ignored the genre writer who transcends his peers. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer who focuses on hunting, but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P. G. Woodhouse saw himself as an animator, mocking the intricacies of the British social system. Your Earl of Emsworth is more proud to raise the best pig in England than to be ... well, Earl of Emsworth! His Psmith is always prepared to counterattack when he is supposed to be submissive to an unjust superior. His Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme that should generate a great profit (but always manages to get rid of the end). And best of all, his Jeeves will always put his brilliant brain to work to rescue the inept Bertie Wooster, his boss. Since Wodehouse had a limited vision of his mission as a writer, he was there to make fun cartoons for the entertainment of the world, his books never lost their shine. They served (and continue to serve) their purposes. In fact, he compared Wodehouse to his much more serious contemporary, Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote funny books, but of a more intellectual kind. The best of Waugh remains among the highest points of British literature of the twentieth century: REVISTA DE NOVIA, DECLINACIÓN Y FALL, and the rest. But in his determination to make his points, if his points did not interest the reader, the book collapsed frequently. For every VILE BODIES there was a failure at the end of his career as THE ORDEAL OF GILBERT PINFOLD. Although Wodehouse could also do minor hacking work, his fall did not go as far as Waugh did. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a gifted lyricist (when you listen to "Bill" in the SHOWBOAT score, it's not like that.) The melody of Kern and Hammerstein, but the melody of Kern and Wodehouse transposed from "Oh Lady, Lady "a dozen years before, he was also a very useful playwright, so it's nice to see that he took his novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and turned it into the script here. <br /> <br /> It has the normal touches from Wodehouse, that perfect butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a wonderful performance) is a scoundrel in putting together a "friendly" game between the staff of the majestic house he runs, and is also unable to refrain, on occasion, from singing Italian opera , despite Constance Collier's attempts to control her momentum, this is the typical characterization of Wodehouse, which is how the love story between Lady Alyce and Jerry continues to go well due to the antics of Keggs and the young Albert, who want win that game of az Ar. Wodehouse always makes that kind of plot change, and the antagonists change their point of view based on their current state of interest. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also lucky to have Burns and Allan to work. In general, it is considered that of all the films they did as supporting actors together (such as SIX OF A CLASS and WE ARE NOT DRESSED), George and Gracie made their best support with Fred Astaire. The sequence of Fun House, which includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip", is wonderful, as it is a previous sequence where the three make a "broom beater" dance (which Astaire learned from Burns). But the wonderful illogical logic of Gracie is used by Wodehouse in scenes with Gardiner (see how he manages to confuse him to give him more money than his change deserves to be). Only Albert notices the error of Keggs / Gardiner and looks at Gardiner as if he were either stupid or angry). His dialogue with the son of Lady Caroline (Collier), Reggie (Ray Noble, the leader of the British band) that leads him to imagine that he will marry her, but also says goodbye to Gracie when he goes with George to get married. <br /> <br /> The film supposedly failed at the box office due to the lack of Ginger Rogers and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine is not doing a remarkable job on paper, but the flaw is really Wodehouse, it did not make the character very interesting. But the film can resist without that, given the other artists and their characters, the music of Gershwin and the wonderful feeling of fun of Wodehouse.
