Before 'Zavet' there was a similarity between Tim Burton and the artistic vision of Kusturica. They find their own poetic style, and then cowardly become prisoners. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturica has Miki Manojlovic, and somehow they received critical acclaim for repeating the same formula over and over again. However, there are people like me who find the joke funny only when they heard it for the first time. That is the main reason why Kusturica's worst films are "Black Cat, White Cat" and "Life is a Miracle". 'Zavet' is something completely different. You may like it, you may hate it, but is NOT this just another Kusturian poetics? Balkanic dream things. Of course, if you want to be praised, you have to play safe. For Kusturica it was very easy to make another film of flying gypsies and get a prize. Fortunately, as a brave person, he chooses to make a film that will be ironic to his previous works. 'Zavet' can be described as a strong and very hard parody in previous Kusturica films directed by Kusturica himself. It is beautiful to see a great film director who does not take himself too seriously. This is the quality that Kusturica has and even the greatest, as Bergman or Kubrick, did not have. This movie does not make so much sense that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes profound, and so unfunny that it becomes hilarious. The same things that worship 'Plan 9 from outer space' would make this masterpiece for people who know how to see it. The average Western viewer would not get few references. The most notable owner of the tire shop is Srbljanovic, and this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, the famous Serbian dramatic writer. Politically, she is very active as a leftist liberal, and despises Kusturica's political views and anarchism. Kusturica's work of "everything but not subtle" to his work consisted of castrating Miki Manojlovic in Srbljanovic's shop. Is there a second reference to Goran Bregovic? The previous composer of Kusturica. He formed 'Funeral and Wedding Orchestra' and started acting throughout Europe. Although he is praised as a great composer, Bregovic is only an interpreter and most of his songs (if not all) are bad versions of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica's decision about Bregovic was to confront a wedding and a funeral, and the funeral mocked the wedding. In addition, music is covering western classics such as "The London Bridge is falling" or French lullabies. Do you find this without grace? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when we hear Bregovic's horrible covers. I really liked this movie because it does not pretend to be profound, it is so full of symbols that it becomes a parody and it is beautifully directed, as are all its works. If you like Kusturica's previous films, there is a good chance that you hate this. If you do not like some of his latest films, you can find this as a pleasant surprise, because it's as if Fellini directed 'Pink Flamingos'. On purpose. I have great respect for this guy after 'Zavet'. The next Tim Burton movie would surely have a main character with pale faces. The following Kusturica movies can easily be about aliens invading the Earth. That is the reason why he is the most interesting director on Earth, whether you like it or not.
