Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a poetic and sublime beauty of Japan. A true cry! I heard excellent reviews for the movie and rented it to Netflix. I am happy to have done it! In many ways, this film reminded me of the old style of classic Japanese cinematography of the 1940s and 1950s that I like so much, like in the photos of Yasujiro Ozu: title credits even begin in the same way. , with the Japanese letters (characters) in red against the burlap material of neutral color. Immediately I thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style was also used: mostly indoor sets with only a few outdoor scenes. Even a couple of "pillow injections", as Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film is based on the love of the characters for each other. <br /> <br /> The story follows the life of a Japanese family before, and during and after World War II. The mother takes care of her growing children as best she can after the father (a university professor) is arrested for sympathies against the war. He was never released and only has a few brief meetings with his wife in prison before dying of hunger and illness. Meanwhile, a former student of the teacher often comes to help care for the mother and two girls. He begins to fall in love with the mother and is a surrogate father for the two girls. But the war begins and he is recruited and they have to say goodbye abruptly. Will you ever express your love for each other? Will he ever return from the war? <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and kind spirit in the performance of the main actress, Sayuri Yoshinaga. She is almost a type of Madonna, she is so beautiful! Big eyes full of soul and impeccable skin. The actor who plays the student is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensible performance. There is no male in him at all; He is kind and friendly. I would certainly love to see these two in other movies. I think I will see what is available to them. The two small children actresses are also wonderful. <br /> <br /> The film was recently released on the NTSC DVD for the American public, with English subtitles that are very easy to read. I gave him a 10 out of 10 in the IMDb. I cried almost as much as with the Japanese cinema classic Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
