My introduction to the cinematographic world of Yoji Yamada is through his famous and recent Samurai Trilogy with The Twilight Samurai, The Hidden Blade and Love and Honor. I enjoyed the three films and, seeing the prolific and veteran filmography of the director, I think it will take me a long time to see all his films, especially the Tora-san series. It goes without saying that when Kabei Our Mother finally arrived on our shores, I took the opportunity to see what would be an ode to the Mothers of the whole world, celebrating her innate love for her children. <br /> <br /> Based on the autobiography of Teruyo Nogami, Kabei: Does our mother speak of a family of four very close people? Mother Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and youngest son Teru (Miku Sato). From the beginning, their lives would change forever, when Shigeru is arrested under the Law of Preservation of Peace for his morally controversial writings against the nation, established in the late 1930s, where Japan began its "crusade" in China, and later his participation in China. The Second World War. <br /> <br /> This is how Kabei's struggle to maintain jobs to feed her family begins, and the frequent and difficult meetings with her husband behind bars. The help comes from relatives, especially from Shigeru's side, since Kabei's father adopted a "I told you so" attitude with his choice of wife. Shigeru's only student, Yama (artillery buffs should recognize Tadanobu Asano here) provides laughter as a clumsy man who gradually becomes confidant and substitute tutor for children, and Kabei's sister-in-law, Hisako ( Rei Dan) from Hiroshima, which I think would have sounded. some retrospective warnings about his unfortunate fate as the film progresses through his timeline. <br /> <br /> While the film focuses mainly on how children are growing up under the presence of their mother, and in a distant relationship with their father, what I enjoyed is how the microscopic family events unfold under the global macroscopic events that have impacted ordinary people in Japan. It is in the historical context of Japan's drive for regional dominance, and there are characters here who do not mask those ambitions, even discussing what the country would eventually do if it succeeded in keeping the lands conquered. This is something that I rarely see in Japanese films, being so frank in their discussion of that time, and also to glimpse how the common man has to fight against domestic problems, which makes it even more difficult to channel resources towards the effort of war. <br /> <br /> The actresses cast here are perfect in their delivery and in their roles, whether veterans or children's actors. Actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves special mention for her role as the maternal figure who has to go deep and find that inner strength to take home through difficult circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are kind as understanding children who have what to learn to do and compromise. Each scene with the three of them together makes it heartbreaking when things get tough, or fill your heart with Joy if you celebrate. In a short time, you will soon be attracted to wanting to be part of this family, thanks to the powerful performances of the main cast, with Yoji Yamada persuading some really natural performances of children. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our Mother boasts of a stunningly beautiful artistic direction, and is elegant in delivering happy and sad moments without overlooking, or relying on cheap melodrama to cheapen the emotions that Search the public. Here are a lot of small things well done that make it perfect, with each scene that is not wasted, and with all the nuances very significant to convey your message, be it compassion or love. <br /> <br /> Aside from the very abrupt ending (I expected it to have continued for much longer, despite its more than 2 hours duration), Kabei Our Mother is highly recommended, and it will be difficult to contain the tears, or that thought about your own mother and the sacrifices she makes for you every day. Just what those sacrifices are in case you need another reminder, then the scene during the final credits roll will remind you of the things you probably have taken for granted.
