"I hate those stories that start with a funeral, but I'm afraid it starts the day we bury George, it's not that we bury him, we incinerate it in the interests of the environment." This is how Elizabeth (Judi Dench), George's widow, speaks. She has led a comfortable and predictable life with George. She has two grown children and a 12-year-old grandson. But when she was 15 years old and was in school, in the middle of World War II, she played sax at night in a girl band (almost women) called The Blonde Bombshells. The "almost" was because the drummer was Patrick, a charming rogue who did not feel like fighting and possibly dying. With a yellow wig, a long red dress and makeup, Patrick looked almost as good as the others. <br /> <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth is in the attic of her house playing the sax she had saved. She used to practice, but only when George was out of the house on the golf course. Then, two things happen. Her granddaughter, surprised by how good Elizabeth is, begins to talk about how the Blonde Bombshells could meet and play at her school dance. Then Elizabeth meets Patrick (Ian Holm), now as old as Elizabeth, and just as much attracted to her as she was more than 50 years ago. (He was also attracted to all the other members of the Bombshells - the roses that would appear on his drum had a special meaning that testified to his affection). I do not see if the other members of the band can be located, and why not give Is it an opportunity for a meeting at your granddaughter's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? A member of the band is gaga. One is dead. One is in jail. One has found salvation with the Salvation Army. One that they can not find a trace of. It is known for the last time that one is in the United States. One is a professional singer and does not intend to do a school concert, not even for a meeting. But one by one, Elizabeth and Patrick reunite the surviving members of the Bombshells. We do not know if you can find enough. Most of the time, the essays turn into chaos out of place. While doing this, we share Elizabeth's flashbacks of what life was like when she and Patrick were young in wartime London, playing in the band while the bombs were falling. As terrible as it was, it was the most exciting moment of their lives. When the night of Elizabeth's granddaughter's dance arrives, of course, the Blond Bombs, full of restlessness and renewed friendship, devastate the young. Then, Elizabeth informs us that the Bombshells continue to play at the concerts, and that she and Patrick have no plans to get married ... but they do not see anything wrong with a bit of nonsense. <br /> <br /> This is sentimental nonsense, made by experts, and not bad at all. What makes it work is the skill and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term "good-hearted comedy", I usually shudder unless the actors are first class. Dench and Holm are wonderful to watch, because they take something as light and predictable as this script and make it something that we love. Then there is the "old and wide" gambit that is fun if you remember the old ones. Among the Blonde Bombs are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine sings three numbers and almost unbalances the production. It is a jazz talent so strong and unique that, while singing, the show almost becomes the Cleo Laine Show. Another attractive feature is the number of great songs of the Second World War that are reproduced at a good time.
