Obsession comes in many flavors, and it exists for a variety of reasons; for some it may be no more than a compulsive disorder, but for others it may be a way of survival. The lack of upbringing, combined with an inability to negotiate even the simplest necessities of daily life or basic social requirements, can force even a genius to enthusiastically embrace what provides a personal comfort zone. And in extreme cases, the object of that satisfaction can become a manifested obsession, driving that individual until what began as a means of survival becomes the impetus of his downfall, and as we discovered in "The Luzhin Defense", directed by Marleen. Gorris, a high level of intelligence will not ensure a satisfactory resolution of the problem and, in fact, can exacerbate the situation. The obsession, apparently, has no prejudices or preferences; besides, it does not give barracks. <br /> <br /> At an Italian resort in the 1920s, Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro) is one of the many who have gathered there for a chess tournament, whose winner will be the World Cup. Champion. Luzhin is a Master of the game, but he is vulnerable because chess is no longer a game for him; rather, it is his obsession, a thing discovered in childhood that saw him through his total ineptitude in seemingly all areas of life, and allowed him to deal with the subtle deprivations of his immediate family. So Luzhin is a genius with an Achilles heel, a flaw that perhaps only someone else knows and understands, and also realizes that it can be exploited for his own personal benefit in this very tournament. That man is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), Luzhin's former mentor, who after a few years' absence suddenly reappeared and made himself known to Luzhin. <br /> <br /> Valentinov is an uncomfortable and disconcerting presence for Luzhin. Once again life threatens to overwhelm him. Not only is he about to face a formidable opponent in the tournament, Turati (Fabio Sartor), against whom in a previous match he emerged with a draw after fourteen hours, but he is also trying to solve a new element in his life: feelings for a young woman who just met at the resort, Natalia (Emily Watson). And no matter how great it is, the dark clouds accumulate on him, which can push Luzhin even more deeply into the obsession that has been the saving grace, as well as the curse, of his whole life. <br /> <br /> To tell Luzhin's story, Gorris uses flashbacks to gradually reveal the elements of his childhood that quickly led him to his obsession with chess. And as his experience is established, he provides the knowledge that allows the public to better understand who Luzhin is and how he arrived at this point in his life. For the scenes of his childhood, Gorris textures them with an appropriately dark atmosphere and a subtle feeling of foreboding that continues and underlies the current and more pastoral environment of the resort. The transitions through which she weaves the past together with the present are handled very well, and with the rhythm that Gorris establishes, it becomes a fascinating and unpretentious presentation that works extremely well. He also underestimates the threat produced by Valentinov's presence, concentrating on drama instead of suspense, which ultimately serves to increase the overall impact of the film, making Luzhin's tragedy even more credible and disturbing. <br /> <br /> The only element that makes this film so memorable, however, is the performance that affects John Turturro. For this film to work, Luzhin must be absolutely credible; a fake or fake moment would be disastrous, since it would take the spectator out of the story immediately. However, it does not happen, and the movie works, because the creation of Luzhin Turturro is impeccably honest and real. It captures Luzhin's genius, as well as its inadequacies, and presents his character in terms that are exceptionally revealing and very real. It is a performance equal to, if not exceeding, the representation of Geoffrey Rush of David Helfgott in 'Shine'. And when you compare your work here with other characters you've created, from Sid Lidz in `Unstrung Heroes' to Pete in` O Brother Where Art Thou? For Al Fountain in 'Box of Moonlight', you realize the incredible variety that Turturro has as an actor, and how remarkable the artist really is. <br /> <br /> Like Natalia, Emily Watson is also excellent. turning into a fairly reserved performance through which she develops and presents her character quite well. Although she has to be a bit extroverted to relate to Luzhin, Watson manages to do it in an introspective way that is completely effective. The most important thing, due to the details it brings to his performance, makes his accelerated relationship with Luzhin credible and gives total credibility to the story. You just have to look into Watson's eyes to know that the feelings he conveys are real. It is an excellent work of a talented and talented actor. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ilya), Orla Brady (Anna), Mark Tandy (Luzhin's father), Kelly Hunter (mother of Luzhin), Alexander Hunting (the young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). Well written and delivered, 'The Luzhin Defense' is an emotionally enveloping film, presented with a moderate compassion that evokes a sense of sadness and perhaps a reflection on man's inhumanity towards man. We do not need a movie, of course, to tell us that there is cruelty in the world; but we are well served by the medium of cinema when it reminds us of something we should never forget, since we all have the capacity to achieve positive change and make a difference in the lives of those around us. I qualify this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
