One of the brightest film directors in the United States was, without a doubt, Elia Kazan. His director's genius was not particularly suitable for tense thrillers, as Kazan needed more space to breathe and be slower and more subtle. However, 'Panic in the Streets' is a social thriller of the first order and, if it is more relevant to the present than it was for 1950, when it was released. The issues of illegal immigrants, the trafficking of people, the imminent plagues, the rapid transmission around the world of diseases (a worried Richard Widmark says: 'I could be in any city in the United States in ten hours and in Africa tomorrow') , ethnic isolation and ghetto. They are the concerns of today more than ever. This film presents a spectacular film debut by Jack Palance and a wonderful performance by Barbara Bel Geddes, two hits of genius. Richard Widmark is allowed not to be a psychopath for once, and he is a deeply affectionate, loving and intense people's hero. It basically leads a one-man campaign to stop an epidemic of pneumonic plague in New Orleans, struggling to convince slow politicians and complacent cops that there is a problem. There is a race against time to find the petty criminals who have contracted the plague of an illegal immigrant who died within 48 hours, before the whole city, and as they always remind us, the whole country is in danger of extinction . since the flu of 1919. An incredible scene in which Jack Palance, who is infected, is prevented from boarding a ship by a rat barrier on the rope is extremely ironic, and reminds us in the most terrible terms that Humans can be the worst bearers and bugs of all. . The highly dramatic chase scenes in what they call "the coffee factory" on the docks compete with Hitchcock's most ingenious climax scenes, and with such a spectacular setting. Many non-professionals appear in the film, which has the harsh realism of, well, something called reality. Kazan really takes the cameras to places where even people rarely go, and where even rats would have thought twice. This movie was a great feat of social realism. If he lacks the electricity of the most loaded thrillers, it's because Kazan took it so seriously that he could not exaggerate, because after all, the plague threat is serious enough to scare anyone without the need for weapons and molls. additional . The only unfortunate thing about the film is the title, which gives a false suggestion of superficiality. But Kazan was anything but superficial. He clearly considered this project as a public duty, to alert us to real possibilities. If only those possibilities had diminished today, but, unfortunately, they are getting worse every day. One day, after a worldwide plague, this film can be shown to some survivors as an example of how an outbreak was contained in the film, but its lessons were forgotten.
