A small pleasure in life is walking through the old movie hall in the rental store and picking up things just because I have not seen it. A great pleasure from time to time is to take that movie home and find a little treasure like this on my screen. <br /> <br /> Long before Elia Kazan became a brand that only developed notable movies (not good ones), she did this better than the average drama. When you see it, you begin to notice how many decent, good or well-observed scenes have accumulated. Contrast that with his later films, where the drama is written large ... preferably large, not very subtle and scandalous. Kazan was eventually more a calculating promoter than a director. (um No, thank you) <br /> <br /> Your future excesses are mentioned here only in the plot. The plague is coming! But here is an atypical Richard Widmark who plays a family man in 1951 and avoids most of the excesses of that trope; Here is a Barabra Bel Geddes almost observable, with her robes rejected (well, for her); They are a couple and they share some well written scenes about big crises and other smaller ones. Here is a comical interrogation conducted by an expert with a crew of talking ships; Here is a beautiful moment when a chase begins in an angular warehouse and a flock of birds shoots overhead to score the moment. These are the small-scale successes that a movie can offer in which a viewer can really recognize life; Something that Hollywood, in its greed, now studiously avoids. These are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them. It is a pleasant film, of human scale, not the grotesque production and in excess of scale that he and others (David Lean) will popularize later, whose legacy is still felt in garbage as varied as Pirates of the Caribbean and Moulin Rouge. <br /> <br /> I saw it twice and they would curse me if I could tell you what Jack Palance is looking for in the final scenes, but it does not seem so important to me as a spectator. This reminds me so much of No Way Out to Poitier Noir with Widmark as the villain, like Naked City, that you really should have in your hands.
