Plague replaces femme fatale in this black thriller shot in New Orleans by director Elia Kazan. Kazan, as always, gets excellent performances from his actors, but also shows a visual talent for claustrophobic suspense with a combination of tight compositions and amazing one-shot chase scenes. <br /> <br /> A man who enters the country illegally is killed after a game of cards. It turns out that it has a form of bubonic plague, so it is still crucial not only to arrest the killers but also to find an inoculation of all those who have had contact. The municipal and health authorities implement a secret plan instead of alerting the community for fear that the perpetrators will flee the city and spread the disease. A detective and an anti-clock epidemiologist form an uncomfortable alliance while combing the shoreline using their contrasting research styles. <br /> <br /> Streets raises a great ethical question about the right of the public to know when the medical officer defends a blackout in the media, which possibly creates a greater risk to the community. Regardless of the result, you may still be guessing the actions of the protagonist of the movie. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark as Dr. Clint Reed and Paul Douglas as Detective Warren show temper and an uncomfortable respect among them in their search for the killers. Barbera Bel Geddis, as Reed's wife, has some good times with Widmark in some domestic scenes that provide the right touch of relief (more than funny) from the tensions of desperate search amid the gloomy surroundings of the New Sea front Orleans impressed by director of photography Joe McDonald. Zero Mostel as a petty criminal is viscous and reprehensible, but sometimes sympathetic. Walter Jack Palance as the skeleton Blackie (Black Death?) Is simply exceptional. With a fascinating intensity, Palance dominates every scene in which he finds himself, not only with a wide threat, but also with a disturbing charm. In addition, it shows a formidable athletics that allows a more suspensive continuity, especially in the powerful final allegorical moments of the film. <br /> <br /> Panic in the Streets is probably the best film not from Brando de Kazan. It is full of tension, with good rhythm and edited suspense. The setting of the environment in the local environment gives it a sense of augmented reality that allows Kazan the flexibility to show his visual style beyond the stage of the film and with Panic he succeeds with aplomb.
