'Panic in the Streets (1950)' is due more to the British noir than to its American counterparts. Like "The Third Man (1949)" by Reed and "Night and the City (1950) by Dassin", director Elia Kazan opted to film the location in large part, capturing the fresh and vibrant decadence of the slums of New Orleans. In a decision made by the masters of Italian neo-realism, he also hired many non-professional actors for minor roles, giving an authenticity to the urban landscape. However, any additional comparison with neorealism would be wrong, since 'Panic in the Streets' is a pure melodrama, of the best kind. An illegal immigrant killed, taken from the bay, is infected with pneumonic plague, a deadly mutation of airborne bubonic plague, which is transmitted from person to person and, untreated, has an approaching mortality rate to 100%. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), an official of the Public Health Service of the USA. UU., Convince the dubious police chief (Paul Douglas) to conduct a city-wide chase for the men responsible for the killing, to prevent them from becoming infected with the disease. <br /> <br /> In my younger years, I found that 'Outbreak (1995)' by Wolfgang Petersen was among the most horrible movies I had ever seen. That thriller, which owes much to 'Panic in the Streets' (job title: "Outbreak"), terrified me so efficiently because I described the Ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer. How does one defend against such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (to my knowledge) of addressing the issue of biological epidemics, although he has difficulty in attributing visual recognition to an enemy that is basically undetectable to the human eye; instead, he uses Jack Palance as a human personification of the Scourge. Even though he ventured out among the filthy scum of human society, he never gets the feeling that Clinton Reed is endangering his own life (some viewers have noticed that Reed had never been inoculated against the plague, though I believe It is safe to assume that he did it at the same time as the morgue staff. "However, there is still a strong sense of urgency in the search for the murderers of the infected man, street rats who pollute the sewers with their crimes. /> <br /> In medieval times, when the Black Death (now widely believed to have been a bubonic plague, spread throughout the civilized world, killing a third of the population of Europe, many identified the destruction as a work The character of Jack Palance, Blackie, effectively serves as Satan in human form: the angular-jaw bully can occasionally be charming and charismatic, but is always prone to stallar in attacks of violence; His two thugs (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel), through terror more than anything else, are constantly crawling at his feet. When a lackey falls ill with a fever, Blackie deduces that the man's immigrant cousin must have "brought something with him" (the irony of his conclusion does not go unnoticed), and that is why he tries to determine what this supposedly valuable object should be. It cradles the dying Poldi in his arms, a grotesque display of false affection that is both pathetic and disturbing. Blackie / Satan finally stops? Not by the authorities, but by the burden of their own infection / evil? while trying to board a cargo ship, the main ship for which the plague spread throughout Europe.
