When the movie starts, two thugs kill another thug. When the body is discovered and an autopsy is performed, the doctor realizes that, although the man was shot dead, he also suffered from the pneumonic plague, a very nasty and more virulent version of the bubonic plague! So, it is a race against time to find those who came into contact with the dead man and treat them immediately, otherwise a disaster could be unleashed. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, I actually know enough about the pneumonic plague. since I taught a series of lectures about him for my history classes. The film really did not do a good job of getting the facts right about the disease, since it was a little like what people had in the movie. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 they really would not have been allowed to show it. Of course, there is high fever and cough (they did well), but also a lot of hemorrhaging and explosive vomiting of blackened blood, along with the swollen lymph nodes that you would have with the bubonic plague, all purely and disgusting! I can certainly understand why they did not get that far. In addition, I am sure that the federal government would have had a much greater participation in the control and treatment of the disease; Here, in the movie, it was handled at a very local level and everyone seemed ill-prepared and a little dumb. Nobody seemed willing to believe the doctors !! As for acting, the film had some excellent actors here. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are, respectively, the public health doctor and the chief of police. Good actors, but also actors known in 1950. However, in his first film is the very menacing Jack Palance (who continues with his original nickname, 'Walter Jack Palance'), as well as the relatively unknown (at that time) Zero Mostel . Palance was great, very frightening and very physically skilled in his own tricks. Mostel interpreted a heavy typical of his first works: an evil and cowardly evil. <br /> <br /> In general, although I did not really understand the details and wrapped everything up too well, the film is very tense and has an excellent performance, and it's worth seeing.
