"Panic In The Streets" is an exciting atmospheric thriller in which the director Elia Kazan achieved a great sense of realism when filming the film in New Orleans, using several local people to fill various roles and making intelligent use of improvisation. As a result, the characters and the dialogue seem very natural and believable. An important deadline that must be met to avoid a disaster, gives the story a great sense of urgency and pace, and problems that delay taking the necessary action, then increase the tension to a high level. <Br /> <br /> After a dispute between the participants in a card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body is thrown in the dock area. When the body is found and the coroner identifies the presence of a virus, it is called Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), public health officer of the United States. UU., And his examination confirms the presence of pneumonic plague. Reed insists that all known contacts of the dead man should be inoculated without delay because the very contagious nature of the disease means that, without that action, any infected person can be expected to die in a few days. <br /> <br /> As the identity of the dead man is unknown, the task of finding his contacts is expected to be difficult and this situation is not helped when city officials and the Police Commissioner are not completely convinced for Reed's information. They doubt that the threat to the public is potentially as serious as he says and their initial lack of commitment is only the first of a series of obstacles that prevent urgent action. The investigation that follows is hampered by the lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, a group of sailors, the owner of a restaurant and also some illegal immigrants before the identity of the man and his contacts finally meet. <br /> <br /> Kochak, an illegal immigrant, had been in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook) and when the leader of the gang Blackie realized of the ongoing police investigation, presumes that Kochak must have smuggled something very valuable in the country. As Kochak and Poldi were related, Blackie assumes that Poldi should know something about this and will look for more information. Poldi, however, is very ill and can not provide any information. Blackie brings his own doctor and, along with Fitch, begins to get Poldi out of his room and down a flight of stairs, and that's when they meet Reed and follows an exciting chase. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark gives a strong performance as a poorly paid civil servant who deals efficiently with the burdensome responsibilities of his work, while at the same time addressing his domestic concerns as a family man. In an unusual kind of role for him, he also portrays Dr. Reed's determined and serious nature in a very convincing way. Jack Palance's film debut sees him giving an impressive performance as a ruthless thug who misjudges the reason why Kochak leaves the card game and also the reason for the intense police investigation. Its distinctive look also helps make its on-screen presence even more convincing. <br /> <br /> In the typical docu-noir style, expressionist cinematography and neorealist influences are used together to effectively capture the atmosphere of places. in which the action takes place. Elia Kazan directs everything precisely, but also excels in the memorable sequence of chase in the warehouse and on the dock.
