A doctor and a policeman in New Orleans have only 48 hours to locate a killer infected with pneumonic plague. <br /> <br /> An effective and elegant thriller, directed by Elia Kazan that combines documentary realism with a race against time. pulpy heartbeat. Filmed and shot in New Orleans, Panic In The Streets is taken from Edna's Quarantine story, Some Like 'em Cold and Edward Anhalt, who won an Oscar for the original story. It also has an excellent cast that offers the best performances for its director. In turn, Richard Widmark {bringing the method a year before Marlon did it for Kazan in A Streetcar Named Desire}, Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (as Walter Jack Palance) and the wonderfully named Zero Mostel, all get sick humor as the persecutors persecuted persecuted to stop the beginning of a possible epidemic of black death. <br /> <br /> Where the film gets its main suspense points is with the clever ability of Kazan to come and go between the protagonists without altering the flow and mood of the piece. From Widmark's public health doctor, with a hypodermic needle in his hand, running trying to locate the bad guys so he can do good; to the bad guys who are baffled as to why there is a large-scale hunt for them; Stress builds up to the point of rupture of fever. To which fortunately the last thirty minutes become a piece of cinema. With Palance standing out as a nasty villain who, ironically, remembers Tommy Udo, from Kiss Of Death, from Widmark, three years before. <br /> <br /> It is an imaginatively and intelligently written story, one that cleverly links rats and criminals to be carriers of diseases. A plague in society, so to speak. Noirish elements, such as paranoia, combine very well with their basic procedural thriller. While some memorable scenes are adequately enveloped by the stifling atmosphere that Kazan has created. Although some of the first characters' psychologists threaten to direct the film through an overly complex alley, this is definitely a movie worth keeping until the end. Black cinema is not essential, and perhaps not even the essential Kazan, but it is certainly a highly recommended film that asks to be discovered by a new generation of movie lovers and reevaluated by the old guard who may have lost it in the past. 7.5 / 10
