Panic In The Streets opens in a high-level style, a view along a dark street followed by a tilt of the camera up towards a window, behind which is playing a card game of poor quality, a thriving opening that, along with some of the shots on the spot, anticipates part of the atmosphere that Welles brought a decade later in Touch Of Evil. One of the players opens the window; it is an appropriate action, which serves as an introduction to internal events and literally opens our first view of the underworld. <br /> <br /> Shot in high contrast in black and white, Panic In The Streets benefits greatly from a strong Cast, as well as some shots of good location in New Orleans. The scenes located in places like the morgue, the cramped shipping office or in the middle of the peeling paint of 'Frank's Place' offer a unique atmosphere, and sometimes claustrophobic, impossible to recreate in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the influence of the innovative nude city of Dassin two years earlier, which established the sandy, almost documentary style within the black cycle. In fact, the previous role of Widmark had been in Night And The City, even more elegant of Dassin, a film in which the feeling of panic grew even more. Joe MacDonald, a favorite of the director, photographed the detailed environment of Panic In The Streets. MacDonald also worked at Pinky and Viva Zapata in Kazan, and re-shot Widmark three years later in Fuller's masterpiece, Pick Up On South Street. <br /> <br /> As others have noted, in a typical way of some noir In the films, Kazan's work offers a contrast between the confusion, the illness and the immorality of the streets with the modest and quiet domestic life of the Reeds. But while (for example) in Lang's The Big Heat (1953), the hero's home life is destroyed by elements of the vice surrounding the beleaguered central character, who finally sends him back to work with greater vigilance and sense of revenge: Panic In The streets place Reed's growing anxiety within the limits of what amounts to another "work day". Despite all the danger, he ultimately returns to the bosom of his justified and satisfied family. The implication is that social equilibrium has been restored, at least for the time being due to its professionalism and its healing abilities. <br /> <br /> That imbalance, of course, has been created by crime and disease. The two are closely associated in this movie. Remember one the cobra slogan (1986), much more crude, where "crime is the disease, know the cure", a clear analogy in the context, if it sounds too uncomfortably of social reductionism. At their climax, while Blackie tries to flee aboard a ship, the images specifically allude to rats as similar to criminals, and both pose a threat to the health of society. While (presumably infected) Blackie travels the cheap rooms and docks with his friends, looking for something he suspects everyone is looking for, if without knowing exactly what it is, "plague" and "Blackie" resonate together in the public mind, adding more to connected associations. Ironically, Blackie's hunch about Poldi's unfortunate cousin, that "he brought something" is remarkable, even if, finally, it's nothing he can sell or steal. Blackie's logical assumption that the police would not normally bother to kill an anonymous illegal immigrant has a certain tone of truth about it, and its confusion is understandable. <br /> <br /> Dr. Reed, although he loves homes, and On the side of society, is a true black hero. Familiar to gender is the main protagonist as a man who walks alone, forced to travel beyond the limits of the law. On his way, Reed is forced to take morals into his own hands for the good of society in general, a dimension of the film that is particularly appropriate, given the controversial personal story of director Kazan. The director testified before the infamous HUAC, appointing alleged communists and fellow travelers. His film describes the suspects detained for questioning, and the mistreatment of the press, on the grounds that the general public good justified the means. These actions perhaps echo the feelings of the director at that time, presumably accepting the McCarthyite witch hunt and the suppression of civil rights it implied in light of the alleged communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist threats and state response, the themes that appear in the film are surprisingly modern. <br /> <br /> The highlights of the film include a remarkable scene in which Blackie interrogates dying Poldi in terms of precise nature. of the alleged contraband of his cousin. Like a cat, Blackie stalks his victim across the room, and eventually huddles in the bed of the sick man's condemned man, holding Poldi's fevered head in his hands, a wicked and surprising birthplace. It is a gesture that emphasizes the intimate nature of corruption, be it moral or physical. Apparently, the actors did many or all of their own acrobatics, which leads to other very dramatic scenes at the end, while the police and the health authorities approach the villains under the docks. The half crawling, the half crawling over the slippery woods on the edge of the dock pool must have been a very uncomfortable experience for Palance, but it is a sequence that adds greatly to the immediacy of it all. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, less convincing elements distract the viewer. Apparently, Dr. Reed remains to fight against a possible national emergency with little government backing. Perhaps, so amazingly, he never inoculates himself, inviting a dramatic turn that never materializes. At the end of the movie, too, the potential epidemic has stopped, all contactees are, a little too well. But these weaknesses are more than overcome by the other satisfactions of a film that even today makes the visualization compulsive and relevant.
