Knowing when to finish a movie is as important as casting, directing and acting. And it's good to see when a director / script does it well. Arriving at only 82 minutes, 10 ARTICLES OR LESS does not lengthen the story, trying to understand inane topics. It stays focused, being fun, sad and well thought out. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) plays "He", an aging actor who clings to any role that comes his way. We are introduced to "Him" while traveling to a supermarket in a secluded section of the city by The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing that he has a star in his car, The Kid pressured him to talk about his absence in the cinema during the last years. He is not very open because, not only has he been away from him for a while, but he is also on his way to the filming location of an independent film in which he could perform ("I have not decided if I will accept the part. "). The Kid is a relative of the director involved in this independent adventure and soon leaves it in the middle of Nowheresville. Stuck, He decides to check the local market. Immediately he meets the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega) who operates the 10 items or less of registration. Not only surprisingly beautiful but intelligent, He begins to use it as his main research theme for his next role in independent film. Learn how she calculates numbers so quickly and why she knows the peculiarities of each member of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But He does not just use Scarlet, he helps her so that he can see more deeply into her. lifetime. They travel together to retrieve the car from an unfaithful husband, and he teaches her how to act to get a new job she is looking forward to and how to dress for success, even when she faces Target as the epitome of local clothing. This is probably one of the funniest moments, since we can also glimpse it, showing its complete lack of understanding of the retail world of the chain stores ("These shirts cost only $ 12! How is that possible!") final As indicated at the beginning of this review, it is abrupt but on purpose. There is no way these two can remain friends even though they form a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye and what each one got from the other. It's a quiet but captivating moment, as Scarlet's car sits idle in front of L.A.'s mansion. of Him. <br /> <br /> This is a great independent production and one that loses little time to get going. And you will not waste your time either.
