I'm a big Morgan Freeman fan. "The Shawshank Redemption" is at the top of my favorite movies of all time. But I must admit that I have often wondered about his choice of roles. Many of his titles were big-budget clichés with no heart. "10 Items or less" for me marks the return of Freeman to a role that really shows his considerable interpretative talents. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays an anonymous Hollywood actor who has not worked in many years. . He has been offered a part in an unspecified indi image for which he is investigating at a grocery store in a poor neighborhood of Los Angeles. After getting stuck there by his unstable driver, Freeman is offered a trip home by the girl from box Scarlet (Paz Vega), who has become friends with. However, before she can take him home, Scarlet has a great job interview that she needs to get to, and Freeman agrees to accompany him in exchange for the trip. <br /> <br /> The film follows Scarlet and Freeman to various places, but the film is really just a character piece about the interactions between the two. Freeman is the type of disconnected Hollywood par excellence who has not heard of Target, and does not know his own phone number or what day of the week it is. He says the Dalai Lama's wisdom that filters through his "the whole world is just a stage" mentality, and repeatedly calls Scarlet's job interview an "audition". And yet he has a way with people, a way to affect them that extends beyond his fame. He is a fan of humanity. He studies them, asks incessant questions about them and delights in their whims where others simply get upset. In Scarlet, see the stubborn and proud loner he was; see the man he used to be. <br /> <br /> Scarlet, on the other hand, shows a fierce pride and a sharp tongue that serve to hide her own insecurities about herself. Vega plays the role with a connection to Freeman that marks the boundary between an almost childlike love and physical attraction, although it does it perfectly and is not as creepy as it seems. But even as she feels that her connection with Freeman grows, Scarlet has a keen eye for the reality of her different worlds and cuts through Freeman's Hollywood bullfight with a sharp pragmatism that refuses to accept everything but the truth. <br /> <br /> The film is intelligent, fun and well written, with a simple but effective dialogue. I read an IMDb review that said the lines were "forced", which I think is a misinterpretation of realistic human discourse. There are no great soliloquies here, there are no deep moments of soul searching. And the trick is, I think, to show how people in everyday life can forge connections with each other. And I think Freeman and Vega do it wonderfully, painting an image of a bond between two people that shines like the sun in the ocean, ethereal and elusive. Long after he's gone, live in your memories, tormenting you with what could have been. Ok, that was a bit flowery, but I really liked the performances and the movie. I would definitely recommend it.
