The debut television special by Barbra Streisand remains a key moment in the history of entertainment, in any medium. Intelligently divided into three separate acts (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), Streisand made the bold but masterful decision to abandon the format typical of the variety show of the time (so there are no guest stars or forced jokes) and carry The whole show only on his shoulders. The risky movement paid off immensely, as MY NAME IS BARBRA established a new standard for music programming on television. <br /> <br /> Filmed in glorious black and white (which actually increases the effectiveness of the program), MY NAME IS BARBRA is perfectly conceived and impressive. However, what makes the show truly transcendent is Streisand. Seeing the then 23-year-old artist navigate through the program's 55-minute run time is nothing short of exciting. She has a fantastic voice (and even performs the first and third live performance), and provides the first evidence of the immense power of the star that would soon accompany her to the big screen. <br /> <br /> The greatest asset of the special is that it is bold to allow Streisand to simply stand on stage and sing some great songs. After the powerful opening performance of "Much More" (with a short opening fragment of "My name is Barbara" by Leonard Bernstein), Barbra proceeds to wander through a multi-level studio with a frenetic version of the Disney classic " I am late." Among the verses of "I'm Late", Streisand stops at several levels of the set to sing some amazing numbers, like the disturbing "Make Believe" and the thunderous "How does the wine taste?" In the middle of Act I, Barbra re-enters her own childhood in the style of "A Kid Again", and then offers very energetic performances of "I'm Five" and "Sweet Zoo" as they dance among a large set . However, the illusion breaks with time, since Streisand is out of fantasy and returns to the real world. Then he sings about this childlike innocence lost in the charming "Where is the wonder?" Streisand then throws himself onto a platform stage surrounded by a room full of musicians and performs an enthusiastic rendition of "People" at the thunderous applause of a live studio audience. <br /> <br /> The second act of the special begins with Streisand clubbing the studio audience with a version of "I Got Got Blues", before delivering a comedy monologue about "Pearl from Istanbul". Then, Streisand heads to Bergdorf Goodman's department store, allowing her to sing a mix of poverty songs while parading in some of the store's elegant fashions. This segment is the brightest highlight of the special for many fans and critics. Some important points of the Act II mix include Streisand singing a restricted version of "Second Hand Rose" for the audience, which appears as a Latin bullfighter with the tune of "Nobody knows you when you're down and out," and shows a frustrated paper delivery man while assaulting "Brother, can you save a dime?" The third act of the special is a direct concert, without pieces or concepts. Streisand is an artist who really thrives on the concert stage, and this segment is the most exciting moment of the special. Streisand enters the band with a version of "When the Sun Outes", which defies gravity, and continues to surprise the viewer with a charming version of THE YEARLING's ballad "Why Why I Choose You", a dazzling performance by "Lover" Come Back "Me" and a passionate mix of three FUNNY GIRL songs, Streisand really surpasses herself, however, with a phenomenal interpretation of the Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday standard "My Man", which instantly became a of the singer's most beloved songs. <br /> <br /> Streisand plays her immortal ballad The "Happy Days Are Here Again" version as the closing credits unfold on the left side of the screen. The iconic end of the number reaffirms to the viewer that, in fact, he has seen something really special. MY NAME IS BARBRA was a great triumph in the classification when it was first broadcast, and finally he won five Emmy awards besides e generate two Top-Five soundtrack albums that sold gold. Seeing everything again, it's no surprise.
