Streisand fans who are only familiar with their work from the film FUNNY GIRL onwards, need to see this show to see Streisand, a brilliant artist, BEFORE achieving her goal of becoming a movie star. Never before had there been a singer like her, and she would never exist again (sorry, Celine, only in your dreams!), But never again would she sing with vitality, energy and, above all, ENTHUSIASM. and VULNERABILITY with the one presented here. When he arrived at the Central Park concert only 2 or 3 years later, he had been filming FUNNY GIRL in Hollywood and his acting style has become less spontaneous and more reserved, more rehearsed (and, let's face it: more angry) - there is a wall between her and the public. The live performance was never what she really enjoyed, she did it because she knew it was her ticket to Hollywood, and once she did not have to do it, she did it as little as possible (and, oh, that legendary fear of the stage offers her a great opportunity, excuse me!). <br /> <br /> Their voices here and their previous appearance on Judy Garland Show are incredible: Streisand could really make an old song sound again, and composers such as Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved her for that. . But in the 1970s Streisand tried to be a "rock" singer, her albums pleased the younger audience, with exaggerated shouts of songs that were not worthy of her effort or her voice. <br /> <br /> In the 80s she came back with that brilliant "Broadway Album", but she went on and on about how hard it was to get it, how "they" told her not to do it, Oh, Please, when did someone tell Streisand what to do? I could have been doing good things like that all the time, raising audiences to their level instead of leaning toward what I thought the young audience wanted. (The sequel to "Back to Broadway" was not so good, since Streisand seems to feel the need to improve on the work of other composers: if he were alive at that time, Richard Rodgers would have recognized his own "Some Evening Enchanted"! Rodgers, famous for taking care of the singers for his tunes, would certainly have gone to Streisand to sing what he had written! He also takes Michael Crawford from the CD in his duet of "Music of the Night" - apparently reminding him of who he is This CD: Why does she insist on taking songs that are duets and singing them herself, and in songs that are not duets and singing them as duets with another person whom she will later decrease?) <br /> < br /> Judy Garland allegedly took Streisand aside and advised him: "Do not let them do to you what they did to me", Streisand's advice did not take long to pay attention, despite his protests to the contrary, surely It seems that it has always been his no or the road. Just imagine: SHE told CBS how her first television special would be made, with no guests, only SHE. <br /> <br /> But nobody can discuss the results that are so evident here. Enjoy this brilliant musical phenomenon BEFORE she was a legend: you will be surprised at the difference! <br /> <br /> PS: I saw him again last night (12/01) after not having seen him for many years - it was even better than he remembered! The 1st Act begins with "I'm Late" and includes "Make Believe" and "How Does the Wine Taste", and Barbra's tribute to childhood, "I'm Five": culminates when Streisand appears in full (and I mean COMPLETE) orchestra to sing "People" (I was not bored with the song yet, and although it is a somewhat shorter version, it really shoots), compare it with some of its later versions of "autopilot". The second act (after Streisand's "schookk-schterk-patter", which has not changed much over the years) is the famous series of Depression songs set in Bergdorf-Goodman's extravagance. <br /> <br /> The 3rd Act is the stunner, call it "Streisand, the Orchestra and the Public" (although we never see the audience that is supposed to witness this historic event). With her fear of audiences and the disgust of such acting, this may have been the hardest part for her, but if so, for her credit is not noticed. She breaks "Lover returns to me" and the torch "When the sun rises" (although I can not remember in what order!), The touching "Why did I choose you? (One of my favorite of all time Streisand performances) and offers a mix of FUNNY GIRL songs, which include (of course) "Do not Rain on My Parade" and my favorite song from the score, "The Music That Makes Me Dance." Explaining that "Fanny Brice sang an Una song like that in 1922, and turned it into the Broadway toast, "Streisand then sings" My Man ", and is almost a rehearsal template for later interpretation on the FUNNY GIRL screen (the main difference being that the black dress here is sleeveless, her movie dress had long sleeves and against the black background, all we saw were her hands and her face), but the voice here is more urgent and charged than her later voice from the movie. interpretation of the song has everything to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice, who, of course, never sang the song in such a complete way. As Streisand does here or in the movie, watch THE GREAT ZIEGFIELD to see the simplest version of Brice.) The show ends with Streisand singing "Happy Days Are Here Again" about the credits. <br /> <br /> When it's over. I said to the friend with whom I was looking at him: "NEVER, NEVER, has done anything better!" <br /> <br /> And I was twenty-three years old!
