Barbra Streisand in 1964 remained a curiosity, and probably sparked more than a few eyebrows in the industry when CBS signed it with a 10-year, $ 5 million television contract (nothing these days). But more important than that, Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control, and they succeeded. She had this special filmed in her own way, and for the most part her vision was smart, cunning and incredible. Opening Act I with the title song (not written specifically for her), Streisand competes with an elegant cast of songs related to "I'm Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland" - it even stays in the line over blurred ears and whiskers and "too much time to shave"!); This is a totally charming selection, if not strange, and enjoy it because it did not make the two albums of the soundtrack released. She slows down to "Make believe" (which maybe gets too slow), but the dramatic "How does the wine taste?" It's amazing "A child again" is cute (with Streisand looking tiny in a huge chair, is that where Lily Tomlin had the idea?), Like "Sweet Zoo" ("Am I a crocodile, crocodile? , crocodile! "). "Where is the Wonder" is great and elegant, and her "People" number, surrounded by an orchestra that plays for her at the end of the song, is impressive. Act II takes place at Bergdof Goodman in New York City, with Streisand acting extravagantly in the outfits of high fashion (when he steps playfully into the mink, the audience that watches the film really gasps). Act III, before a studio audience (formed by lucky devotees of the fan club), begins with a powerful version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand really gasps at the dramatic closure), followed by "Why Did I Choose You? " (probably her best early song), a very fast "Lover, Come Back to Me" (where the orchestra finally drowns her), and a mix of 'Funny Girl'. The ending, "Happy days are here again", which supposedly took 12 shots, closes the time in a surprising way. Sponsored by Chemstrand (a company that makes fibers!), This gem in black and white moves fast, with eye-catching arrangements, an incredible cinematography, eye-catching sets and costumes. They really do not do it that way anymore, and that's related to the special and La Streisand.
