I could not help but feel that this could have been a bigger movie than it was. The script is very intelligent and it seems that it could have been opened in a way that reminds more of Seven. Not changing history, I think mainly through cinematography. The cinematography was the only thing I found to contain the film. On the other hand, the rhythm was absolutely punctual. Whoever worked in the edition really did their job well. And I thought Bill Paxton did a great job of management. Now far from the technical things ... <br /> <br /> This movie threw me in a loop. SPOILER ahead !!!! All the time, I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy and then, when Adam finally took the FBI agent to the Rose Garden to show him where the bodies were buried and revealed who he was, they took me for a walk. I had suspected the first part of the turn, but what really threw me was when he touches the agent and sees the agent kill his mother and the fact that the agent too (without a word, just with the touch) sees him again with Adam and asks how he knew. My dilemma was not that it was another turn, but the almost unbearable idea that this man and his father were not crazy, but that they had actually chosen "bad guys", so to speak, knowing their sins and crimes. I do not allow myself an eye for an eye, so I did not leave the film because I could believe that they were doing God's work. Instead, I decided to believe that both were clairvoyant and that the father had gone out of the deep part one day and, through the things that he subjected his children, also permanently disturbed them. That was my interpretation, but the disconcerting thing about the film is that it's like a house of cards and an endless circle and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events you've been in. Definitely, it is one of those movies in which I would love to meet the writer to ask what is the true meaning of all this. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they simply telepathic and licensed for that? Or did they have some kind of appearance of God? And if so, it was God or the Devil disguising himself as God. My friends and I found ourselves talking about it all night, trying to find out what was what and what the filmmakers had thought was the answer when they made this movie. <br /> <br /> A film that invokes, without a doubt, disconcerting and of thought. Very disturbing elements but certainly not sensationalist. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely something of your own. The excellent work of direction and performance of Bill Paxton and the child who played Fenton was extremely good. I hope it does not end up relegated to the syndrome of the child actor since it seems to have many promises. I gave this movie a good vote for most of the components that make a movie, but I would have voted higher if it were not for the feeling that something (although I can not point out what) was off and if it had not been, the movie would have gone to an even higher level. Still, a definitive recommendation, especially for those who are inquisitive.
