Fragility is a non-bloody horror film that achieves its chill by following the logic and impact of a man's illusion / obsession directly in depravity. Dad (we never learn his name) is a kind man and a loving father who is raising his children only after Mom died giving birth to the youngest son, Adam. The world of the family is reversed one night when dad rushes to the boys' room and tells them that God has given him a vision. And what vision? The work of the whole family is to destroy the demons, who, of course, are disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> Based on this premise, the film is unbreakable by following it. Does Dad kidnap people / demons whom God has told him to destroy, bind them, impose his hand on them to see a vision of their evil, then kill them? while making her see her little children. Fenton, the oldest child, is horrified to see only a father who has become a maddened murderer. Adam, the youngest, feels uncomfortable, but trusts that Dad is following the will of God. Finally, Dad takes his children to missions to kidnap the "demons" that God has put on Dad's list and, finally, he invites them to participate fully in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> This is not so, you understand, an abusive parent. He loves his children. He is just following God's instructions: "This is our job now, son, we have to do this." When Fenton, terrified and convinced that his father has gone mad, says he will report him to the police, his father explains: "If you do that, son, I will die." The angel was clear about that. The pressure to which children are subjected is unbearable and tragic, and distorts their entire lives. (1) The structure of the film is similar to that used in The Usual Suspects: a story in flashback, told at a police station to an FBI agent. The whimsical lighting, the stormy weather and the mysterious calm now add to the threat of the background story. I wanted to believe that the horror that was unfolding was just a story, until I remembered the parallel of the real life of Andrea Yates, who believed that she was possessed by Satan and that she could save her children by drowning them. Even then, I wanted to believe that I was seeing a human tragedy, rather than a story of divine retribution. <br /> <br /> However, the film did not give me so much consolation, since in the end it gave strong clues about the veracity of dad's vision. And this, as well as some holes in the plot, poses a problem for me. Regardless of the accuracy of Dad's visions, regardless of the wrong that his victims have committed, where does someone derive the authority to act as an angel of death? (1) Review by Roger Ebert, 12/12/02
