A series of films by Richard Attenborough as director have been biographies of the main historical figures: "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also a filmed biography of an historical individual, but in this case the theme of Attenborough is a much darker character. <br /> <br /> Gray Owl was a Canadian writer of the 20s and 30s who promoted ideas. of environmentalism and the conservation of nature at a time when these causes were less fashionable than at present. He was believed to be an American Indian; The story he told about himself was that he was born in Mexico to a Scottish father and an Apache mother and had emigrated to Canada, where he had been adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cabin by a lake in a remote part of the Canadian desert, where he earned his living as a hunter. He traveled through Britain twice, in 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and give lectures on conservationism, and achieved great success, even being introduced to the Royal Family. (During one of these tours, Attenborough, then a teenager, saw Gray Owl at the London Palladium theater). After his death in 1938, however, it was revealed that he had not been who he claimed to be; his real name was Archibald Belaney, and he was born in the English seaside town of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The film departs somewhat from the facts of the life of Gray Owl. In a scene set in 1934, he states that he is 41 years old; Actually, he was born in 1888, so it would have been 46 in that year. (46 would have been Pierce Brosnan's age when the movie was made, so I'm not sure why this change was made). Numerous events are compressed in the last four years of the life of Gray Owl (1934-1938). In the film it is during this period when he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard, whom he called Anahareo; in fact, he met and married Gertrude since 1925. The film also omits the fact that they divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl remarried shortly before his death. <br /> <br /> The revelation of Gray Owl's true identity negatively affected his posthumous reputation, and he was dismissed as a "fraud". His supposed deception was used even to discredit the causes he had defended. Richard Attenborough, however, has a more comprehensive view of his achievements. One of the themes explored by the film is the question of ethnic identity. Although the former Archibald Belaney was not a Canadian Indian by birth, there is no doubt that he had a deep knowledge of the culture and tradition of Ojibway and that he spoke his language fluently. He was accepted by the Ojibway as a member of his tribe. Therefore, it seems unfair to describe his claim that a Native American identity is fraudulent, simply because it was an identity that he had chosen instead of one in which he had been born. <br /> <br /> According to the movie Gray Owl's wife, Gertrude, was of Indian descent, but came from a family that had been assimilated into white Canadian culture. Your marriage, therefore, can be seen as your claim to your family's original cultural heritage. She was clearly influenced by her husband, but she also had an influence on him, convincing him to give up her job as a fur trapper, since she had moral objections to killing animals for their fur. <br /> <br /> A criticism What was made of the film is that Pierce Brosnan is a "bad" hero, a criticism that seems to be rooted in the preconceived idea that Brosnan can only play heroes of action in the James Bond mold. However, it seems to me that Brosnan may have deliberately taken this role to avoid being pigeonholed, since the taciturn stilt Gray Owl is as far from the soft and sophisticated Bond agent as can be obtained. The original Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to have deliberately opted for contrasting roles when he appeared in such films as "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires." Brosnan is, in fact, very good at this role, although he would agree with those who considered Annie Galipeau as weak as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> Another frequent criticism that I do not agree with is that the film is "boring". Certainly, it is not an action movie like the Bonds, nor is it a great epic movie like "Gandhi", and it may seem boring to those who expected it to be one or the other. However, it is likely to satisfy anyone interested in the early days of the conservation movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity. The scenes of the Canadian forests are also beautifully photographed. Richard Attenborough has given us a service helping to revive interest in this half-forgotten but fascinating figure. 7/10
