Enterprise, the latest high-budget spin-off of the most successful franchise in the history of film and television opens to the rhythm of a 90-minute episode called 'Broken Bow'. First, we crawled into a massive action sequence with a Klingon pursued by some Suliban (who are the main enemy in the first season of the show). From there, the televised film takes us on a journey that rarely gets as good as it is, with some of the best character development, stories and action / visual effects ever seen in such a short time. <br /> <br /> Opening credits are a contentious issue among the minority of Enterprise fans, who some believe are out of place. What they do not realize is the lyrics themselves. If one listens to the real song, instead of the theme, then they will begin to piece together the pieces of the puzzle. And over time, as the series progresses more and more, and we learn more about our brave captain and his crew, the song will really make sense. In general, the theme of Diane Warren is very well orchestrated and also sung by opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes any TV show look and worth watching over and over again are its characters and how they are structured in layers. Enterprise is (in my opinion) one of the programs with better projection from The Next Generation. Choose Scott Bakula, since Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision since Gene himself chose Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. As the captain always leads the program, Bakula adds a subtlety to his role and brings a big smile to the faces of anyone who has blood in his veins. He is simply (both actor and character) an excellent human being and his charm, wit and compassion are overwhelming to see. As for the other cast members, one of my favorites is John Billingsley, who plays Dr. Phlox. It is also nice to see a nonhuman playing a role, and the decision to give the captain a dog, called 'Porthos' was a welcome idea. Throughout the show, the development of the character was brilliant, it was fast, timely and almost perfect. I say almost because, unfortunately, the character of Travis Mayweather played by Briton Anthony Montgomery is a bit weak at the end of the first season. It has some things to say here and there, but it is still in the hands of the producers to make it more important. Jolene Blalock is wonderful as subcommander T'Pol, sometimes rough but equally adorable. Dominic Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays an important role and is convincing as the armory officer. Connor Trinneer plays commander Charles "Trip" Tucker, who always adds charm and comic style to his character and, finally, Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character but fortunately becomes interesting. All these characters form Enterprise and all provide a quality that Star Trek has not seen in a long time. Each person makes this show worth seeing. The smiles and senses to feel good are guaranteed from the first time we see them all together on the bridge of the starship Enterprise NX-01. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, the NX-01 is somewhat questionable in design. The series takes place 150 years from now and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So, why does the ship seem to have a design similar to that of mid-24th century ships, that is, the Akira-class starship? The continuity has been a problem in Enterprise, but fortunately Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offer adequate explanations for each and every one of them. Continuity is only a problem if you are always examining programs and are obsessed with the smallest details. If you watch the program with an open mind, you will not have problems, but there is a need to know "why" all the time. So, what did Berman and Braga offer to the Star Trek fan base with the design theme of the ship? According to them, the NX-01 is as it is due to the incident in the First Contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw the Enterprise-E through his telescope and after speaking with the visiting team led by Commander Riker, he changed the ideas in his head. That is an explanation good enough for me. Of course, it's not so easy for some fans to accept that kind of response, some go so far as to refuse to watch the program until they get a reasonable response. Come on, guys, grow up. When George Lucas destroyed the saga of Star Wars with the release of his new trilogy, the fans could not do anything, just watch it and exhaust everything anyway. And then they learned that, well, maybe it's not so bad after all. If you can not accept a quality program for what it is, not for what you should have in mind, go somewhere else. Or try becoming a producer in the program and then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> The sets in Enterprise remind me a lot of Deep Space Nine Defiant. They often look cold and have a strange aspect of modern structure and shout that they belong to the army. Maybe that's why the crew of the USS Enterprise (alias flagship of the US fleet) like it so much. They are surprising sets, and they represent the show perfectly. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman 'the lord of the empire' as John Logan put it so precisely and his counterpart Brannon Braga has hit the nail on the head exactly where it should be, and in all the right places. Whether it's technicalities, images, sound, editing or score. The company is a good demonstration of how good science fiction can ultimately be televised, when it is in the hands of geniuses. The late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and, as a Star Trek fan, you should too.
