The tourist season has just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, winter is beginning to settle and the inhabitants, both humans and sheep, are establishing themselves in much quieter times. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick), former paratrooper in the British Army, is the local dentist, is not an islander by birth and, as such, his relationship with the local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is always seen with a little of suspicion. not maliciously, but only because of the protective instincts that the united community has for its relatives. The serenity of the islands breaks when Gaffikin, out of a lonely round of golf, finds the headless remains of a brutally murdered woman. He immediately reports his horrible find to Insp Inskip (Maurice Roëves) at the police station on the islands. Inskip organizes the delivery of the remains to the local GP, Dr. Goudry, for a more detailed inspection. A quick search of the murderer is unsuccessful, as is the search for a missing local woman. That night, during dinner with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that the dead woman could be Sheila Anderson, a woman from the continent, who lives on the island during the winter months. A quick search of his house, Dove Cottage, reveals the missing remains of his body, his house turned out to be the murder scene, but why did the killer drag his torso over a mile into the woods? Suspicion immediately falls on the stranger left on the island, Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth) who was also the last person to see her alive when they met on the last ferry together. <br /> <br /> Goudry asks Gaffikin, from his dental experience on the victims' body, reveals that she had been shattered by someone or something with a lot of force, a set of teeth marks on the body seem to point to a human killer, another points to that of an unknown animal Of some kind. A sheep is mutilated and then a Canadian ornithologist is found dead. With a dense fog, the island is isolated from the continent and, if there is the possibility of receiving help, the radio does not work either, apparently it is blocked and the telephone lines have been cut off. The reports of UFOs and the sighting of a camouflaged soldier combine with the discovery of a strange-looking ship hidden behind rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything but the facts and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that aliens might be involved, but an increase in radioactive levels on the island makes him doubt himself. <br /> <br /> The Man of the Nightmare is based on the novel, Child of the Vodyanoi, by David Wiltshire, is adapted here by Dr Who and Blake's writer Robert Holmes and directed by Douglas Camfield, who also He had experience as a director in science fiction classics and the film benefits from having so much experience. Gender experts on board. The Man of Nightmares, however, is in general, a succinctly better-made piece, which builds its plot together with a solid development of the characters, even the supporting characters, giving each other a firm background. The island environment is perhaps a genre cliché that has been used again and again, but it is one that I really enjoy, the remoteness, the feeling of being under siege without further, they always contribute to the atmosphere and here is given an extra Oomph for having an impenetrable fog nearby to hinder all efforts. In many of the genre efforts of this kind, it is very easy for the proceedings to become silly and for the plot to resort to melodrama, but I thank Camfield, it has everything together with the emphasis on credibility at all times. There is an authenticity about the procedures, the characters even speak Gaelic sometimes to promote this point. If there is something negative about the murderer, it is that he gives us his POV for the murders, a cliché acceptable on its own, but when viewed through a red filter and a fisheye lens, he simply shouts of excess and dates. of the movie a little. Even so, it will be difficult to guess the result or the identity or the species of the murderer, given the clues presented, but it is a fun and very well acted piece. The local Scottish cast is exceptional, the local bobbies Roeves and Cosmo, in particular, face well and are a delight to behold. Imrie, never one I've dedicated myself to in other jobs, is also quite good and shows her female physique as if she were in a Hammer production. The extravagant ending, perhaps even absurd, can irritate some viewers, it disappointed me in some way, but considering when it was done, it is an understandable and acceptable appendage that if you think about it, it is even more terrifying.
