Even Shirley fans for a long time can be surprised by "Now and Forever". Was the movie filmed with Paramount studios? Not with Shirley's parent company, Twentieth Century Fox? in 1934, before the Fox producer, Darryl Zanuck, perfected Shirley's successful formula (cute songs, cold hearts to melt, young couples to play Cupid, happy endings). Therefore, "Now and forever" falls into the category of a Shirley vehicle without Shirley's standard history. It's an awkward position for any movie, but this impressive and talented cast makes it work. <br /> <br /> Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard play the Irish and irresponsible scammers of Jerry and Toni Day. The only thing that this devout but dysfunctional duo seems to hate more than being together is to be separated. When they suddenly land with the custody of Jerry's little daughter, Penny (Shirley Temple), is it Toni? And not Penny, as many believe? who convinces Jerry to give up his criminal career. But Jerry stumbles into his desk job, and desperate to prove he can support his new family, soon returns to stealing and dishonesty. In a standard Shirley device, Penny tries to melt the heart of the rancordozuelo Felix Evans, victim of one of the contras of Jerry, but his attempt fails, since it is revealed that Evans is a con man, and he blackmails Jerry so that he help steal jewelry. The drama, the shooting, the death and the pain that follow all make this film very unusual for Little Miss Sunshine. There is no happy ending, there is no dance and only a sequence of songs (the cute number "The World Owes Me a Living"). <br /> <br /> But this does not mean that Shirley fans should avoid "Now and forever." Rather, it's the divergence from Shirley's usual story that makes her more interesting and memorable than many of her other films. But be careful: you should avoid the colored version of this movie and see it in black and white if you can. The color is bright, striking and unrealistic, and in many scenes, Shirley's famous curls are actually red instead of blond. Oh!
