There is no greater harm to be done to history than to misrepresent it. This takes the easiest and most superficial route, simply portraying it as a monster. Only showing its negative sides, and exaggerating them. "Those who ignore the past condemn us to repeat it." He was a human being. That may be difficult for some people to accept, but an important part of life is facing what we do not want. Instead of demonizing man, we should try to understand it. Otherwise, we will have little chance of preventing someone similar in the future, or possibly even the present, from succeeding in something of remotely comparable extent, in regard to harm and misery. I hate him and what he did, do not make it mythical, intentional or not. Frankly, too much of this miniseries could play "silly duuum *!" After or during the scenes. All nodded, elbowed and winked at the audience, with a clear message "was this evil guy or what," incorporating each of the bad features (as well as inventing several that go directly against who and what was he), leaving them to appear more or less out of nothing, and to be constant throughout his life, not as something he came to believe or affirm. This should never be used to educate. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, in English), and perhaps indicate the few inaccuracies of that, instead. This, this is a lack of respect to the real events that took place, and to all and all the survivors, not to mention those who died. The cinematographic quality? First class. It is well done, excellently, excellent production values, a solid arc to the plot well told, the characterization that is produced is solid and credible, the dialogue and the script are excellent, all the performances are masterful (Carlyle looks and the paper behaves ... as it was written ... perfectly), the music is well composed, the cinematography and editing are impeccable and creative, and this is definitely dramatic, entertaining and fascinating. They receive appointments and many occurrences, and they do them justice. If they had offered me to work on this, and I did not feel that I could be objective enough for Hitler to appear as a completely naked person, I would have rejected him, citing that reason. I do not blame anyone for detesting it. How can you forgive what he did, and are we sure we should? That is not what I am suggesting. Finally, let me point out that, as I write this, we are in a global economic crisis that has lasted about two years, and that is not terribly different from the stock market crisis of 1929. The two reasons have not been this way. As a result of the depression of the new millennium, governments are giving money to banks to keep the market going, and most countries are friendly to each other. Apart from that, the lesson had not been learned. With luck, he has done it now. Back to this ... my suggestion? Read a book, not fiction, that deals with the subject. There are a lot of informative, smart. The DVD contains a trailer. I recommend this only to those who know it, and I urge vehemently to anyone who has seen it, to seek the truth. 8/10
