In Christian Duguay's film, Hitler: The Rise of Evil, Hitler's early life and politics show up successfully with some minor historical errors and some exaggeration. It is quite natural that a Hollywood movie contains things, since the main objective of the production is the income they will get from the movie. Although such mistakes may disappoint some members of the audience who believe that the book should do everything, I think most of them fit well with the rest of the film, making it more interesting. We must not forget that this film is not a documentary. Who cares how your dog died anyway. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, Hitler is depicted as a psychologically unstable figure who gets angry very easily and is very passionate about his ideals. But he was not described as a super villain, but rather as an ambitious politician. I think this is a good perspective since the film is not contaminated by tons of negative emotions and this made the film somewhat objective. Yes, he was a little crazy, and his methods were rude, but he was still a human being, not a totally crazy figure, as shown in "Inglorious Bastards". I think it made the movie more realistic, even with some inaccuracies in the historical facts. <br /> <br /> The flow of the story is reflected very well for the viewers. Although the film's focus was on Hitler, we also had the opportunity to see what is happening in the country as a result of these actions through newspapers, discussions about people and songs in a Jewish cabaret. The reaction of society was also reflected in the film, but it was very limited. The fights of the journalist Fritz Gerlich and the ironic works that are played in the cabaret were fun and interesting, but that was it. Mainly, we only saw his followers sweeping the streets and encouraging him. <br /> <br /> Another thing that was missing in the movie is the information about the origins of their hatred towards the Jews. Some ideas about this are given at the beginning of the film, but they were quite superficial. Suddenly, he was a politician who is giving speeches about the need to exterminate Jews. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, Hitler: The Rise of Evil can not be considered an excellent movie that everyone will like, but it is not unsatisfactory at all. If you can support directors who change the story for money, it's an interesting movie that reflects Hitler's personality in a successful way.
