The last episode aired from the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholic installment that shows that the show was still exploring its characters even at this point of the third season; Although defective, 'All our ayers' has its moments and, in general, it has a capricious and convincing feeling. Kirk, Spock and McCoy are heading towards a planet, assuming they are arriving in time to save or at least warn any population that is there, as the sun of the planet will explode in a matter of hours. But it turns out that, people there are very aware of the fate of the planet, and using a type of time travel device, they have escaped into the past. Each person has been able to choose the time and place in the past where he would like to live in a "library", run by an old man named Mr. Atoz. Atoz assumes that the three men are also looking for a past to live, and shows them several periods from which they can choose among the spectators. There is a bit of forced confusion at the beginning of the episode, with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy- Where did they go? Atoz: wherever they wanted. <br /> <br /> The misunderstanding can be clarified quite easily, but for purposes of plotting, it is not, and soon Kirk is transported to a period similar to eighteenth-century England, while Spock and McCoy are sent at an ice age, 5000 years in the planet's past. From here, the main focus is on Spock and his relationship with a woman exiled to this point by a tyrant as punishment. Spock begins to act more and more emotional, showing anger towards McCoy and a deep affection for Zarabeth, the woman. Finally, he realizes that he is returning to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors in Vulcan, 5000 years ago. Kirk returns first to the library, and finally convinces Mr. Atoz that they do not belong to the history of his planet. Spock and McCoy return just before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth behind; The Enterprise emits all three and moves away as the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides the most memorable moments of this episode, although Kirk's adventure in the past "English" is fun. In short, a very decent Star Trek outing for the last days.
