The penultimate episode of the third season of Star Trek is excellent and a highlight of the final season so defamed. Essentially, Spock, McCoy and Kirk go to Sarpeidon to find that the population of the planet is completely gone, except for the presence of a giant library and Mr. Atoz, the librarian. The 3 Trek characters soon accidentally enter a time travel machine in different periods of Sarpeidon's past. Spock has a convincing performance as an Ice Age Vulcan who falls in love with Zarabeth while Kirk repeats his unhappy experience with time travel (see "City on the Edge of Eternity") when he is accused of witchcraft and imprison, before escaping and finding the door back in time to Sarpeidon's present. In the end, the 3 Trek characters are saved only a few minutes before the Beta Niobe star around Sarpeidon becomes a supernova. The Enterprise moves away just as the star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Shatner points out in his book "Star Trek Memories," this show was the source of some dispute since Leonard Nimoy noticed that no reason was given. in Lisette's script for the reason why Spock was behaving in such an emotional way. Nimoy conveyed his doubts here directly to the program's executive producer, Fred Freiberger, that the Vulcans were not supposed to fall in love. (p.272) However, Freiberger reasoned, the ice age configuration allowed Spock to experience emotions since this was a time when the Vulcans had not yet evolved to their current completely logical state. This was a great example of improvisation by Freiberger to save a script that was well above the average for this particular episode. While Shatner notes that the decline in the quality of the script for the third season hurt Spock artistically, since his character was forced to rummage like a donkey in "Plato's Stepchildren", play music with Hippies in "The Way to Eden" or , sometimes, show emotion, the script Here was more credible. Spock's performance here was excellent, since Freiberger frankly admitted to Shatner. (p.272) The only obvious hole in the plot is the fact that both Spock and McCoy traveled thousands of years back in time, McCoy should also have returned to a more primitive human state, not just Spock. But this is a forgivable mistake considering the poor quality of many other season 3 shows, the brilliant performance of Spock / McCoy and the originality of this script. Who could have imagined that the current inhabitants of Sarpeidon would escape the fate of their damned planet by traveling to their past? This is certainly what we came to expect from the best of 'Classic Trek': a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> Shatner, in 'Memories', named some of his best "unusual and high-quality shows" of season 3 as The Company Incident, Dove Day, Does It Exist in Truth , the beauty, the Tholian website? And the children will lead and the paradise syndrome. (p.273) Although my personal opinion is that "And children must lead" is a very bad episode, while "Is there something in Truth no Beauty?" It's problematic, "All Our Yesterdays" certainly belongs to the list of the three best stars of the Trek TOS movies season. I give 9 out of 10 for 'All our yesterdays'.
