An unusual take of time travel: instead of traveling to Earth's past, the main trio gets stuck in the past history of another planet. They are heading towards this planet, whose sun is programmed to go to the nova in 3 or 4 hours (that's closing it!). In some kind of futuristic library, they meet Mr. Atoz (A to Z, get it? Ha-ha) and his duplicates. It turns out that, instead of escaping the destruction of their planet through space travel, in the usual way, all the inhabitants have escaped to the different epochs of their planet. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on his way after making a selection (see the discs we see here, another CD and DVD Trek forecast!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the machine (the Atavachron-what-sis), the gallant Kirk hears the cry of a woman and runs to the seventeenth-century version of the Earth planet, where he gets into a sword fight and is arrested for witchcraft. There is an eccentric but good performance here of the actress who plays a woman of bad reputation at the moment, using phrases of the time ("... you are a bully good bully ... Witch! Witch! They will burn you .. .! "). Spock and McCoy follow Kirk, but they end up in an ice age, 5000 years earlier. <br /> <br /> Kirk manages to return to the library first. The real story here is Spock's reversion to the barbarous tendencies of his ancestors, the Vulcan warriors of 5000 years ago. This really does not make sense, except that maybe this time machine is responsible for the change (even so, Spock and McCoy were not 'prepared' by Atoz - oh well, it also seems to me that the transition affected Spock almost immediately, it mentions being "millions of light years" away, instead of the right hundreds or thousands, a serious mistake for a logical vulcano). In any case, Spock really shows his nasty side here. Forget "The day of the dove" and remember "This side of paradise." McCoy quickly realizes that his friend Vulcan will not represent any of his usual attacks and almost gets his face. Reorganized Spock also agrees with Zarabeth, a lovely woman who had been exiled to this cold past as punishment (a couple of Trek novels were written about Spock's son, the result of this union). All these scenes are revealing, a reminder of how much Spock conceals or retains. It's also ironic that, just a few episodes before ("Requiem for Methuselah"), McCoy was pointing out to Spock that he would never know what Pain of Love - and now all this happens. Meanwhile, Kirk quarrels with the elderly Atoz, who insists that Kirk return to a bygone era ("You're obviously a suicidal maniac," much of actor Wolfe, last seen in "Bread and Circuses"). Everything works in the end, but, as I mentioned earlier, they shortened it a lot. A small adventure trek, with a defined cosmic inclination.
