Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, devised ideas for and even directed episodes of Amazing Stories, so, naturally, this would have to be the best anthology, right? Sadly bad. Some episodes are simply fantastic, but all too often it was a mixed bag. In fact, that could have been his downfall, since he was too mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, others were horrific, and one was even animated, which made this a similar but not so good version of the Twilight Zone (which was also present). <br /> <br /> Normally I would like to have a mix of stories in an anthology program, but they just did not work completely here. Some of the most fantastic dramatic episodes felt like they were better being shown late at night on the Lifetime network, like the episode "Ghost Train", which was directed by Spielberg himself. In that episode, he gave the message of hope and gave us a fantasy story, but overall it was just an accumulation to the end that did not leave me impressed anyway. The episodes of horror tended to work better than the drama, but there were much more dramatic and he got tired of seeing. Acting wisely, this anthology obtained some large stars, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker, Weird Al Yankovich and many other acquaintances have been in episodes of the program. It's fun to see well-known actors in almost every episode of the series. The great directors have also participated in episodes such as Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. In fact, I would recommend it more to the fans of the directors and / or the 80's than to any other person. <br /> <br /> Amazing Stories was sometimes amazing, usually good, occasionally mediocre, and occasionally a real stinky came out. But, this show has a nostalgic value for me, and it's kind of fun to sit on boring afternoons and watch some episodes. The thematic music of John Williams for the show will surely be stuck in the head of anyone who sees this, too. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good show. 30 minutes. per episode TVPG
