Honestly, I expected to hate this one, and actually I just checked it because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I must say that I loved EVEL BREED. A group of university students and their teacher go to Ireland for a "study trip". Their lodgings are located near the forest where it is rumored that strange things happen and tourists often disappear without a trace. The caretaker of the property warns the group of adolescents after adolescence not to venture into the forest, but as they are the stupid characters of the film B they are, of course they do not pay attention and pay their error one by one. .. First of all, there are many errors with EVIL BREED. The acting / dialogue is pretty weak, and my main complaint is that a movie that has Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should have a LOT of nudity more free than the one shown here, and the role of Jenna in this production is quite exaggerated, since it has a combined total of approximately 2 minutes of screen time. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn shows no skin and has the worst Irish accent. In addition, the last scene of the film does not make any sense and it feels as if it were launched just to finish the movie. Leaving aside those complaints, there are also some good things. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are sent early, with Greico's naked torso ending in a roast spit and Chasey's innards hanging in half (although the way it ends this way is not shown on the screen) ... Not bad during the first 5 minutes. The other killing scenes are pretty clever, including the forced removal of Jenna's breast implants, a guy who's got his colon in the ass, a knife in the face and some other notables. Implant and colon scenes also have uncut versions found in the special features and it's a shame that the producers cut them, so to speak. Also, the movie moves at a good pace once it moves, so you do not really have much time to get bored. The "creature" FX is also done competently, which definitely helps. In general, EVIL BREED was not as bad as I expected. This, along with SATAN'S LITTLE HELPER, has almost renewed my interest in direct American films to low-budget video. Usually, I walk away from them as a whole, but these two have been decent enough to give me some faith. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to blow 90 minutes: it may not hurt to suck a bottle of cheap bourbon while you do it. I know I was and I'm sure it did not hurt. the experience. 7.5 / 10
