If you were a director looking to cast female victims for a slasher movie, then it would probably make sense to add a couple of porn stars. It's not like they have no experience in front of the camera, they have no qualms about the necessary nudity and how many unattractive porn queens can you name? Christian Viel obviously recognized the potential of mixing hardcore actresses with hard-blood effects, so he chose four of the most attractive and famous stars of adult cinema. Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn Allen and Taylor Hayes are presented as cameos in the most intriguing slasher movie to be released since Scream Reinvigorated the genre. <br /> <br /> Samhain was originally designed for its premiere at the cinema. October 2002, keeping up with the Halloween-based synopsis. Unfortunately, the shooting was plagued by numerous problems, which has prevented the show from achieving the exposure it deserves. The last thing I knew was that it had been signed by Film 2000 here in the United Kingdom and that it was written for a release in late October direct to DVD. Unfortunately, that label has an abysmal record unparalleled with DTV digital television stations. Not content to contaminate our shelves with Camp Blood and their follow-up, they were also responsible for unleashing Granny, Bleed and the rancid Paranoid. Could Samhain finally be worth the ammo from his despicable catalog cannon? <br /> <br /> Five Canadian / American students and their teacher are heading to Southern Ireland as part of their history course. Upon arrival, they are told the legend of a cannibalist clan that roamed the hills of Scotland and murdered locals for food. The cannibals were finally captured and burned at the stake, but it is rumored that one of the tribe members escaped and went to the Irish forest to seek refuge. After the children have settled down and start doing what all the foraging massacres do in these movies, the obligatory kids (and the definite heroine candidate) start to get scared by a shadow that creeps in at night. Could it be that the meat-hungry maniac is still at liberty in the Forest? So, what do you think ??? <br /> <br /> It seems that Samhain's production was a spell from the beginning. Almost immediately, Wallmart refused to develop the nude makeup injections of Jenna Jameson, and Chasey Lain began to act characteristically as a drug-addicted primadonna. Finally, to add insult to the injury, the producers went cold just before the film was about to reach the shelves and began talking about reissuing and eliminating all the bleeding. Reports say that they were not happy with the large amount of violence and wanted to cut scenes to get a rating of R. Of course, veil did not agree, seeing how his full synopsis was driven by his creative graphic display. Finally, after months of discussions, the director separated from the Warehouse productions and the function closed once more in the vaults. <br /> <br /> Despite innumerable interruptions, Veus Slasher Opus is still one of the best pieces of genre to be released. Since the new millennium. The copy they sent me was the pre-release filter, which obviously was a test press without sound effects or the full soundtrack. But still I had some credible chills, excellent cinematography and a couple of the coolest pieces I've seen in a long time. A boy is disemboweled through his rectum before being strangled with his own intestine, Jenna Jameson is stripped and destroyed in the impeccable foreground and Chasey Lain ends up "spilling her guts" after an unfortunate rescue attempt from her boyfriend (Richard Grieco). Although the murders are unusually horrifying, Samhain never feels evil, which is basically because the characters are portrayed as basic clichés. Honestly, the script was perhaps the biggest fall of the films, because the dialogue was not so inspired by Wes Craven's Scream films, but cut and hit flagrantly. <br /> <br /> Certainly, the inclusion of the mouth watering Jenna Jameson was a great movement of the producers. Your fans will be excited to know that she takes off the top (as expected) and also Chasey Lain and Taylor Hayes. But Samhain is not a soft porn movie, and it benefits from adhering to the structure it set out to produce. It is worth noting that the mentioned XXX stars almost surpass the supposed 'actors' of the function, which is not a great complement. Ginger Lynn was at least remarkable (if you ignore the shameful Oirish accent), and her battle with the great murderer was superbly performed and choreographed by Alan Chou. Taylor and Jenna presented dramatically dramatically bad, which could have been caused by the numerous problems on the set. The cinematography veil direction was built in an excellent way and provides some much needed injections of suspense. The exciting and clear photography is combined with a good talent for storytelling and the net result is a great slasher to satisfy even the most critical hounds. <br /> <br /> It will be interesting to see what kind of final cut will be released from Samhain. It is rumored that a second director was recruited to film a different ending, and I am curious to know how much explicit blood will remain intact for worldwide distribution. If the final result is only half as good as the rough print that I saw, then it's even better than almost all the pieces of genre that have been unleashed in the last ten years. This is definitely worth checking out?
