Hong Kong directors who come to Hollywood to make films are nothing new, with the temporary exodus of artists like Tsui Hark, John Woo and Ringo Lam in the 90s. Of their collective production, only a few films (or Can I just say one?) They had an impact on the box office. The partnership between Andrew Lau and Alan Mak has been a tour de force in HK's recent film history, especially with his now famous Infernal Affairs trilogy, which became Martin Scorsese's The Departed, so it's no wonder that Hollywood knock on the door. <Br /> <br /> But without fellow collaborator Mak, who normally has script / story assignments, how did Lau go with the writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like the X Files without the X, in the way the story is made by hand, the characters and the parallels drawn with the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes join David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, only they do not belong to any federal research agency that carries weapons, but they are employees of Protection Services, whose main function is to guarantee that the sexual predators belonging to their jurisdiction, are kept safe from society when they are released from having served time. Therefore, it is the shepherds who care for their flock, only that their flock suffers from sickly sexual perversion with the propensity to violence. <br /> <br /> The parallelisms in the characterization are so obvious that it is only an aesthetic retouch. the outside. Like Fox Mulder, Erroll Babbage de Gere is a strange and lonely man, consumed by his obsession in his quest to stubbornly harass his flock to save the line. Distressed by a failed attempt to rescue a missing child, just as Mulder worries about his missing sister, Babbage is rejected by his colleagues and receives marching orders disguised as a retirement plan. He has a deep dislike for the people he is monitoring, he is fed up with his crimes and what they defend, that he has no qualms about using unorthodox methods, apart from flying out of control and distributing illegal and preventive punishments. At the same time, he also has strong impulses against those who have to fight not to cross the line and become the ones he detests. As part of the routine, he also scans newspapers and tabloids for clues and guides them towards their goal, to seek closure, salvation for himself and a firm belief that the truth still exists, and he wants to believe . <Br /> <br /> On the other hand, Allison Lowry, of the Danes, is the ingénue that is brought to replace Babbage. But meanwhile, while learning the ropes at work for the next 18 days, he is required to spy on him and report on his scams, much like what Dana Scully was entrusted to do with Fox Mulder. As the incredulous of the preventive capacity and the idea that those who were discharged from society have been cured of their temptations, she slowly begins to see what Babbage sees, and understands that it takes much more than just a desk and an administrative office. I work if she really wants to help people. <br /> <br /> And it's this discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices, to which we open all our eyes, like how 8 mm starring Nicolas Cage brought snuff movies. in the center of attention. It's a decent investigative drama with the usual false leads, and me, are they really good since they made you wonder quite often if your assumptions are correct, and soon you find yourself firing from the hip as you turn out wrong to an alarming frequency? although I do not attribute this to a tight narrative, but rather for the large number of characters (beware of the cameo of Avril Lavigne) and the secondary plots. The scene in the dark tableware / shophouse was similar to that of David Mills and William Somerset of Se7 when they raided John Doe's apartment and found a lot of bizarreness inside, although here, given the nature of the theme, it did not take long. <br /> <br /> Apparently, The Flock somehow decided that Enrique Chediak's cinematography was good enough, despite its strange style of not having style, using almost all the tricks of the book to try to recreate the feelings to see another Se7en, only that this was deep. impregnated in shades of brown, instead of the black fatality. Take a little time to get used to this, and I consider this effect as one that really distracts from what is happening in the story. However, it is not a really good movement, with rather frequent repetition of scenes that include flashbacks. <br /> <br /> But The Flock still makes decent entertainment, although X-philes probably find it hard not to imagine their favorite actors. The main roles, given so many similarities in character. Gere and Danes put on some chemistry like the old fogy (heh) and his protégé, and although it's not exactly great, Andrew Lau managed to achieve something nice.
