I really like Richard Gere ... I have always liked him and lately it seems that his status as a Hollywood star and money creator has diminished, but I think that the reason is that he is assuming very mature and intense roles and I have been very successful , but not financially, because I've seen it in some really cool gems recently including The Hoax, The Hunting Party (both must watch movies! See my reviews) and now this The Flock, which was apparently destined to be a great release taking account that is substantial budget of 35 million +. It seems that some of the other IMDb reviews are very, very hard because I thought the film dealt with a potentially very serious social issue in a very direct, violent and disturbing way, and Gere simply brings it all home. It is a drama of suspense and action that kept my friends glued to the television with their story. I think part of the problem that people seem to have with him is that it is a very serious problem but I do not think he does it with disrespect, but he tries to take a different turn so that people realize that this exists. In fact, it is very similar to the way the Game of the Hunt dealt with the war. The director of Hong Kong, Wai-keung Lau, did a decent job of keeping it together, but I think the cast is what made it visible. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere, as you may have guessed, according to my previous comments, is brilliant as a social worker Erroll Babbage, who has created his own style and laws when it comes to tracking his "Flock", who are registered violent sex offenders. He has no problem tracing these people, following them and making sure they do not get offended again and, if they do, he will be the only one to identify them and stop them in any way he can. Gere is so intense and is exhausted from this work and has become violent and angry to see these monsters loose in the street. He is simply fantastic. Claire Danes is also excellent as Babbage's new partner and replacement, whom he has to train to do his job. The character of the Danes is a much more typical social worker and is a little surprised by Babbage's style and methods, but little by little he realizes what he is trying to achieve and faces. The two are brilliant together and have fantastic chemistry with such different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a disturbed registered offender who seems to have been ripped from the headlines while playing a character that closely resembles Karla Homolka (Paul Bernardo's wife who is out) for those of you who follow the Canadian serial killers. His character is a little exaggerated, but it is convincing and horrifying at the same time. Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland's new boyfriend and probably would have played a bigger role. Ray Wise, who is an excellent character actor (check it out in Dead End, as well as Satan's own turn in the WB Reopening show) and has a small but good role as head of the Department of Public Safety and chief of Babbage. <br /> <br /> The movie is not perfect despite the excellent performances of its main cast. Liberties are needed in trying to make the film more entertaining than educational, but it's just a different angle, not like the dubious Nicholas Cage 8MM. The Flock takes you to the top of the sex trade, kidnapping, human trafficking and more, and it's really something to see. Maybe it was not directed or written as well as it could have been, but I'm telling you that Danes and Gere together make this film completely visible and make it a great thriller. It is disturbing, but it is also something that is not very complex and yet, Gere's character in many aspects is intensely complex with many layers and also opens the social stigma and makes you contemplate vigilantism in many ways when you see people with which Gere deals. I encourage you all to ignore the bad reviews and see them for yourself, because it's worth checking out! 8.5 / 10
