I searched for this film because I'm a new fan of Frain and I wanted to see more of his work. First of all, your Irish accent is great. It seems he has a good ear for dialects. His performance was wonderful, as usual. James Frain aside, I thought the movie was very well made. It showed the conflict in Northern Ireland as the * disaster * that it really is. Both parties are guilty of gross injustice, and the men involved in the conflict generally have very little to say about their circumstances. <br /> <br /> Also, it's interesting to realize that not all the men (or women) who are supposedly fighting for their country, are really doing * just * that. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why he does "that", Ginger can not offer a morally acceptable answer. Why? Because Ginger is not in this for the noble cause of protecting her country or the rights of her fellow protesters ... Ginger is in this for the fun of killing. He's full of blood thirst and it's the perfect job for a guy like him. In a fight like this, there are guys like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families ... those who see the whole fight only generate more struggle. There are guys like Kenny who are born leaders full of charisma, and add fuel to the flames, rather they want or not. Also, Kenny really believes in the "cause". He believes that what he is doing will make a difference in the future ... which is a bit strange because his character seems too smart for everything. But, like many other seemingly intelligent men, he is stuck in a gang lifestyle without even realizing it ... until it's too late. Then there is Ginger, a pure psychopath who is not in the fight for any reason other than the pure emotion of it, which in a gang-like war makes it a valuable asset, some might argue. However, now, in this film, Ginger has surpassed its value and has become a very dangerous loose cannon. <br /> <br /> Everything comes to a boiling point and, as expected, the ending is tragic. What makes this film worthy is that it shows both sides of this ancient conflict. Being an American, I can not begin to fully understand what all the fighting is about. But, I do know that there has to be a better way. <br /> <br /> In general, a well-acted, moving film ... but worrisome.
