"What is love? What is this longing in our hearts of union? Is it not the sweetest flower? Does not this flower of love have the fragrant aroma of fine and fine diamonds? Does not the earth love the wind? Is not love love, unlike the improbable, is not unpleasant for you? Are you with someone tonight Do not ask your love Take your lover by the hand Release the power within you. , release the power, dominate the wild cosmos with a whisper, conquer the sky with an intimate caress, that is, do not be shy, take everything out and do it in the ass ... By Leon Phelps "When Tim Meadows created his playboy SNL par excellence, Leon Phelps, I shuddered. Upon hearing his sarcastic and salty comments, my remote tremble with indignation. I used the click function more than once, dear readers. <br /> <br /> So when the movie version of "The Ladies Man" appeared on the cable, I muttered some of my own comments and clicked again. But the day comes, gray and sad, when "nothing is in" any of the more than 100 channels ... sigh. Yes ?? I faced all tormented cable subscribers? Look at it or turn off my TV! There I was, Leon Phelps, smiling and ... making me laugh! What happened? Had he succumbed to the humor of Hollywood sitcoms? Was I so desperate to avoid abdicating my sacred throne? The truth of the matter is that I like "The Ladies Man" more than I should. A story about a vulgar playboy sipping cognac while looking at all female forms goes against my feminist sensibilities. <br /> <br /> What began as a crude sketch of SNL flourished before my eyes in a story about Leon and his playboy philosophy. through life "helping people" to resolve their sexual conflicts. "I am Mother Teresa de Boning", she solemnly informs Julie (Karyn Parsons), her friend and suffering producer of her radio program "The Ladies Man". And he's not kidding. Leaving a chain of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon manages to accommodate almost all of Chicago. That he does it with such genuine good will is his calling card through life. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed "Expert in the ways of love" manages to get into many problems with Husbands and boyfriends. Lance (Will Ferrell), one of those spouses, forms a club of "Victims of the Smiling Ass, USA," and promises to catch our beloved Don Juan. "Oh, yes, we will have our revenge," he sings to his companions, in a dance number. <br /> <br /> Also, it's a delight to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the owner of the tavern. and gentle narrator of the odyssey of Leon to find his "sweet thing" and a lot of cash. (Where have you been hiding?) But would you choose this movie as my choice for Valentine's Day? Leon's search for the easy life changes him in such profound ways that I had to give his approval to our "Lord Man". That he can, at the end of the film, find true happiness with a woman, while still offering his extravagant advice, it's a dream thing!
