Sometimes they are lucky and have success in their hands (Wayne's World, the first, not the second). But most of the time they have flaws (Pat comes to mind pretty fast). This time it's Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man. This movie falls somewhere between a success and a failure. It was very fun for the first 20 minutes, but then, as often happens with the SNL parodies, it begins to slow down, before it finally ends, much later than it should. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with an evening show called The Ladies Man. He answers every question related to sex and relationships, usually in the most crude way possible. Everything seems to go down to the ass. After pushing the buttons of the station manager, Leon, along with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons), is fired and needs to find another job. Outside the random blue, comes a letter from one of your former ladies. The letter offers you wealth and luxury for the rest of your life, the only problem is that the letter is not signed. So Leon needs to locate all the women he has been with to find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the movie, the woman of your dreams is right in front of you. There is also a secondary plot about a group of men whose wives / girlfriends have slept with Leon, and first want to know who he is (for a tattoo he has on one part of his anatomy), and then kill him. Leading this group of guys is, surprise! Will Ferrell of SNL. First of all, I thought that the secondary plot was quite scarce. The singing and dancing were completely useless. Usually, I like Will Ferrell, but he never clicked here for me. And the rest of the guys were just jokes that came together, and in the end they all decided that the fact that their wives / girlfriends cheated on them was in fact their fault. So let's go back to the main story. The story basically centers around lion and sex. So, to what is reduced, if you do not like the character of Leon, you will not like the movie. His voice, his gestures, his dialogue is what the film takes. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a particularly good actor in SNL. The only thing I really liked about him was his Ladies Man parodies. But the best thing about them is that they usually involved the guest host (remember Cameron Diaz's?), And they were short. For about 5 minutes, they were quite fun. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's really fun. What I thought was good about the character in the movie, is that he stayed in character all the time. He never stopped wanting to simply have sex. Until right at the end, where there was this transformation, and the discourse always present to tie things together. Other than that, he was pretty good at keeping Leon as Leon, and not changing it into something less raw than it was. There is not much substance in this movie, if you could not guess. But as I said before, the beginning of the movie seemed very funny to me. Some laugh aloud moments, all revolving around sex and its harshness. The problem, of course, with this movie, and with most of the other side effects of the SNL, is that these are characters that are supposed to only be displayed for a few minutes at a time. Stretching the concept in 80 minutes is very difficult. That difficulty is obviously the reason why they needed the secondary plot, because without it, this film would have lasted just under an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it became boring. <br /> <br /> So, overall, The Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL films, but it was not. It is not as good as the others. He had some fun moments, the first 20 minutes were pretty good, but the rest went on. There was an unnecessary subplot whose sole purpose was to lengthen the movie. The bottom line is that, if you like Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelps, you can watch the movie. If it bothers you, do not bother leaving. Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in beautiful, revealing clothes. <br /> <br />
