['As shallow as it sounds, I actually delayed my viewing of &quot;The Barbarians&quot; several times just because the VHS cover (as well as the image shown here on the website) looks incredibly cheerful. At this point I would like to have seen it before because the movie is not so gay ... Just trashy, cheesy, campy and hugely fun! It is almost incredible that Ruggero Deodato, director of &quot;Cannibal Holocaust&quot; of all people, was responsible for this comic collection in the contemporary fantasy films of Sword &amp; Sandal, particularly the films Conan de Schwarzenegger. The film begins with an excellent narrator off the screen, who introduces us to the Ragneks. Its founder once exchanged an entire mountain of pure gold for only one magically powerful ruby that would allow them to travel freely and access all countries as artists. In other words, the Ragneks are a group of fanatics of the traveling circus! His happiness comes to an abrupt end when the greedy Kadar kidnaps the beautiful queen of the Ragneks, Canaries, and continually tries to discover the whereabouts of the ruby. Meanwhile, and as a kind of amusing waste of time, the two orphaned twin brothers Gore and Kutchek are trained to become muscular warriors and are prepared to fight each other to death. However, instead, they escape and develop a plan to free their queen. Actually, the plot is not half of what I feared at first, but even so, the on-screen chemistry of the meatloaf brothers provides the fun, the madly inept dialogues and, of course, the completely cheesy fantasy monsters , like a dragon with adorably. Cute eyes, a kind of werewolf creature and zombies that seem to appear randomly to get out of the swamp. The soundtrack and make-up effects are excellent and our all-powerful director, Deodato, maintains a terribly fast pace. The performance capabilities of Brother Bárbaro are much better than I anticipated, apart from the fact that one of them constantly produces belching noises. The supporting cast is splendid too. Eva La Rue never looked more beautiful since the witty and wild Cara, Virginia Bryant, in effect, is bewitching as Richard Lynch says several times and the charming Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance in the cinema as a vicious witch with a donut-shaped hairstyle (It is not a joke!). Last but not least, &quot;The Barbarians&quot;, starring everyone&#39;s favorite, Eyes in the Hills, crawls Michael Berryman as the appropriately named Dirtmaster. I know that the image shown seems more cheerful than a promotional campaign for the musical version about the rise and fall of Village People, but &quot;The Barbarians&quot; really is a highlight of the Italian exploitation that must be seen.']
