LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle of a film, a work done deeper due to its subtle script by writer / director Ismaël Ferroukhi, which allows the natural setting of this story of "road trip" and the sophisticated performance of Nicolas stars Cazalé and Mohamed. Majd to bring the emotional impact of the movie. Ferroukhi's vision is enhanced by the cinematography of Katell Djian (a sensitive mix of views of travel horizons and duos between characters) and the musical score by Fowzi Guerdjou that manages to maintain some beautiful themes throughout the film while paying homage A Many local musical variations of the numerous countries poll the movie. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with his Muslim family in southern France, a young student with a western girlfriend who does not seem to be following the religious direction of his inheritance. His elderly father (Mohamed Majd) has decided that his time has come to take his Hadj to Mecca and, unable to drive, he asks the reluctant Reda to abandon his personal needs to bring him to his maximum religious obligation. The two left in a fragile car to travel through France, to Italy and then through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Throughout the trip, Reda begs her father to visit some of the interesting sights, but his father remains focused on the purpose of the trip and Reda remains irritable to fight with his father's demands. On their pilgrimage they meet an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) who joins the two men and eventually must be abandoned by Reda, a Turkish man Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian) who promises to lead the father / son duo, but instead provokes a schism drunk Reda in a bar and disappearing, and countless border patrol guards and customs agents who delay their progress for several reasons. The tensions between father and son increase: Reda can not understand the importance of this pilgrimage so full of trials and setbacks, and the father can not understand Reda's insensitivity to the father's religious beliefs and needs. At last they arrive in Mecca, where they are surrounded by hordes of pilgrims from all over the world and the feeling of the importance of the trip is overwhelming for Reda. The way in which the story comes to an end is moving and rich in meaning. He has taken a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and old age, between son and father, and between defiance and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this film is extraordinary, especially because it feels as if the camera simply 'happens' to capture the beauty of the many stopping points on the road without the need to improve them. With special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is an excellent actor (make sure you watch his most recent film and that is currently shown as "The son of the grocery store") and his carefully nuanced role is what brings magic to this film. Another good film from The Film Movement, this is a tender story brilliantly told. Highly recommended <br /> <br /> Harp Grady
