I do not know ... Maybe it's just because it is an impressive homage to some Muslim religious action (hajj), but I felt that the movie is very underestimated. I just can not believe that the film has been voted on by only 223 people so far, since the film was produced in 2004 and has won many awards since then. About the movie ... he's one of those good characters. films. His father, a devout old man, asks Reda, a French teenager who will sit for high school, to take him to Mecca. Oddly enough (if one does not know much about Islam) the father wants his son to take them. from his home in France to Saudi Arabia on a unique religious pilgrimage in life. The generational gap between the father and the son is based on sufficiently simple terms ("he may be able to read and write, but he does not know anything about life," the father anonymous to his son), but some type of literature is avoided. the prankster bromide generation. Many of them are affectionate in their frustrations. The father never speaks French, although Reda understands Arabic, but it seems he can only respond in French. Although they meet many people along the way: "There is a scared old woman who pick up at the Bosnian border on the way to Belgrade, and the talkative Mustafa (Jacky Nercessian), who helps them on the border of Turkey, the reluctant and timid women who wear burqas on the road to Damascus "the focus is always on the father and the son not matching. There is not much conversation in the movie that makes it pleasant in your eyes. You can see magnificent views in all the cities that you visit. The director shows you even the Blue Mosque and the Hagia Sophia, although the film is not relatively long. <br /> <br /> In general I do not like movies that I do not like. It has enough dialogues and takes the power of the subtleties of the camera, but this was really great. Despite some unanswered details (such as Reda's invisible French girlfriend), the film appeals to the senses. A great work of art and remember this film is the debut of Ismaël Ferroukhi.
