If you want to be cynical and pedantic you can point out that the opening in which a RAF Lancaster bomber was mortally wounded on May 2, 1945 is unlikely since the German air defenses were as alive as Adolph Hitler that day, but not it's like that a film that should be seen by a cynical audience and I suppose that a character killed literally in the last hours of the war adds to the commotion. In fact, you should have survived the Second World War to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty and soul of Powell and Pressburger's masterpiece. Sky scenes are painful when you see them today? Once again, you have to see the movie of the context when it was made. The command of the RAF bombers lost 58,000 men during the war, the same number that the United States lost in Nam, but for a shorter period and a much smaller group of active fighters, there are no atheists in a foxhole and I doubt if you had lost a relative during the conflict I would see material atheism as something sensible. When the young pilot of Richar Attenborough looks down in amazement at the sight below him, many war heroes must have cried openly in this scene, as they reminded many of the surprised companions who did not survive the war. I also have in mind that despite having lost several million people between 1939 and 1945, it seems that there are very few people in Germany who pass through the pearly gates. it is obvious that the Nazis do not go to heaven <br /> <br /> The plot itself, where the young pilot Peter Carter, who defends his life in front of a celestial court, would not have attracted me much if it were not so. for the subtext, you will see A MATTER OR LIFE AND DEATH is a highly political and visionary film that laments the end of the British empire when it is replaced by American ambitions. There are little things that show that the film is made by people who are aware of American history and culture. One is the ethnic mix of the United States. Even today, many Britons think that the United States is composed mostly of white Anglo-Saxon Protestants when, in fact, only 51% of Americans are "European whites." The film contains, rightly, a scene in which a multitude of different races confess that "I am an American", as judged by Peter Abraham Farlan, an Anglophobe who was the first revolutionary assassinated by the British forces in the War of Independence U.S. As for the "special relationship" between Great Britain and the United States, what special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to Britain and the United States. Obviously they also know their future <br /> <br /> So remember to watch this movie with some of your mind in the past and some of your mind in the present. It is strange, beautiful, moving and intelligent, but above all it is a movie that would never work if it was done in the last 40 years. Can you imagine if the story would unfold in 2003 and revolve around a British soldier killed in Iraq?
