After "A Dirty Shame", I never thought I was going to see another John Waters movie. That movie was really so bad, he was convinced that all his films would be like that. But when the DVD of this movie was reviewed in a popular magazine and they said it was an excellent movie, I decided to try it anyway. Only a couple of days later it was broadcast on television. I recorded it out of curiosity and now that I have seen it, I can tell you that this "Pecker" is much better than "A Dirty Shame". <br /> <br /> In this film we see how a young 'nobody' from Baltimore becomes an overnight sensation in the art world of New York. He is an employee of a sandwich shop that photographs his strange family or things he sees on the street as a hobby. When he keeps his first "exhibition" in the store where he works, his photos are noticed by the owner of a gallery that loves photos full of misery and rarities. His photographs are sold at huge prices, but when he sees his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides that he will not go to New York anymore, they will have to go to him if they want to see more of him. . And they do, but what you can see there is a bigger shock than you could ever imagine ... <br /> <br /> It's not hard to see why I loved this movie so much more than "A Dirty Shame" . The first reason is that this movie has a real story. This movie really has something to say and not only aims to impact as many people as possible. The fact that they make fun of the art world that considers everything out of the ordinary as art because they do not know how reality is, is not only funny, it is not so far from the truth. I guess there are many people who think this way about modern art. Nobody understands why they are making such a fuss about it, but apparently we all like it. The second reason I liked this movie is because it had a much better performance to offer. I'm not saying that everything you see will be great, but at least the characters have some meaning thanks to the performances of the different actors like Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... <br /> <br /> In general this is not It's a great movie, but thanks to its criticism and some good jokes, which never get that far, this is a nice movie. Certainly not the best comedy, but I liked it much more than "A Dirty Shame". I give this movie a 6.5 / 10.
