Before this little black and white, the delicate subject of criminal rape never came to the American screen. There were many of these issues that Hollywood and the Production Code kept hidden until the rebellious decade of the sixties. So, it is not surprising that a small independent company like that of Ida Lupino's filmmakers is required to raise the issue. The result is well intentioned but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising since director Lupino had to work with Code's demands for the film to be released. <br /> <br /> It's interesting that Ann Walton's main problem (Mala Powers) after the assault is not how others can see her, but how she sees herself. And it is a heavy burden that it is carrying. Will he be able to relate to men again? Will they see it as "spoiled goods" (after all, this is 1950)? It is not surprising that he fled instead of facing these anxieties at home and at work, although family and friends in general support him. In general, this first part is serious and well done. The chase is promoted to inject some action into the plot, but this is a movie: watch how the neighbor does not respond to the trumpet near the end of the chase. If those cries of alarm had been Powers, the lack of response from the neighbor would have raised an interesting issue, although complicated. <br /> <br /> The second half is practically ceded to the Production Code in the sentimentalized person of Rev. Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is he (to quote a phrase) who "gives him courage to face life again". There is an effort to humanize it, is it Ann or her dilemma that interests her the most? However, his kind and understanding presence is too miraculous and too Hollywood. Fortunately, the ending avoids the usual Hollywood elimination by emphasizing only the hope of a happy resolution for Ann instead of her certainty. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a lot of credit for dealing with the subject in the first place. Given the overall results, I hope she has treated the issue as honestly as she was allowed. I also hope that today's audiences find the treatment slightly interesting mainly because of Powers' excellent performance that highlights the purely human drama. However, the film works better now as a document of its time, and what the cultural watchdogs of that day thought was appropriate for adults to see.
