I love this movie. Director Michael Powell once said that this was his favorite movie, and mine as well. Powell and Pressburger created a seemingly simple and superbly elaborate story: the power of love against "the powers that be." However, his deception lies in the complexity of his premise "is real or is imaginary." Basically, one could argue that it is simply a representation of the effects of war on a young aviator with a poetic bent during the Second World War. Or is that? The question is never answered one way or another. Actually, he does not even ask himself. This continuous underestimation is part of the appeal of the film. <br /> <br /> Innovative photography and cinematography even include some nice touches that portray the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a film version of Richard Strauss's opera, Der Rosenkavalier, about a young Viennese aristocrat of the eighteenth century. This is evident in the brief interlude in which Driver 71, dressed in all his finery, holds the rose (which appears silvery in the sky). Even the music has a dream quality. <br /> <br /> The whole performance is first class: David Niven is the most charming, and has excellent support from veteran Roger Livesey and the relatively new Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the charm of the film comes from Marius Goring as Driver 71. He has the most interesting role, filling each of his scenes with his joyful innocence, illuminating the film. It is a pity that some of the scenes of Driver 71 have been left on the floor of the cutting room. It's also a shame that Goring's comedic talents are rarely seen again in the film, except in the wonderful videos from the 1950s TV series The Scarlet Pimpernel. This is by far the most memorable role of his film career. It is a perfect complement to the relaxed style of Niven, and its virtual exaggeration contrasts so well with the seriousness of the rest of the characters. Ironically, also in the mid-1940s, Niven also acted against another celestial "messenger", played by Cary Grant, in The Bishop's Wife. Their acting styles were so similar that I found the result boring, energetic and disappointing. As a note, according to Powell, Goring desperately wanted the role of Peter Carter, initially rejecting Driver 71. It is good that he has surrendered and given us such a charming performance. <br /> <br /> The film "commissioned" to soften the tense relations between Britain and the US. UU., Supports its final point. But it is disarming in its gentle reminders of the horrors of war: the numerous victims, both military and civilians, the need to "continue" when faced with death. There is an obvious lack of "enemies" in World War II in heaven, but the civilians shown are of undetermined origin. Powell and Pressburger could have been more explicit in their description, but it was not necessary. It is possible that the film has not fulfilled its diplomatic purpose as expected, but its originality continues to inspire filmmakers and viewers on both sides of the Atlantic.
