Some trusted films carry a message that resonates in the hours and days after the viewing. Such is the case of CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautiful film from Spain in 2002 based on the novel 'A boca de noche' by Ángel García Roldán, who also adapted the book as a script. War and its consequences are not a new theme for movies, but when that theme of war is played in the background as a subtle driving force to develop characters (especially children) who must face adult life influenced by adult games , the result is different. and a more tender examination of the maturity of the cinematographic genre. <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Spanish-American girl who lives in New York and returns with her mother Aurora (María Barranco) in critical condition. to the house of his Aurora in 1938 at the culminating moment of the Spanish Civil War, a house that has been abandoned by his father Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna) since the death of his wife. Carol's father, Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot who has allied with the Republicans against Franco and is rarely with his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso in turn married Aurora's cold sister, Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who remains distant with everyone, except her grandfather Don Amalio, until she meets others her age, but not her "class": Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and her two friends at first resent her Carol, but as the events evolve, Carol and The Tomiches are united by what feels like the first awakenings of love. When Aurora dies of her illness, Carol must live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill); however, he goes to his grandfather for support and to the best friend and teacher of his mother, Maruja (the always radiant Rosa Maria Sardà) to understand the disparity between classes and the senseless war that keeps his beloved father from his side. Through a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche learn the rigors of becoming adults, facing more trauma in a brief period of the war that most of us experience in life. The ending, although sad, is encouraging as Carol's journey to maturity is completed. <br /> <br /> The film was filmed in Galicia and Portugal and contains some extraordinarily beautiful scenes captured with delicate lighting by the director of photography Gonzalo F. Berridi and reinforced by the musical score of Bingen Mendizábal. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line that separates Pathos from Bathos and, by choosing to concentrate the story on the children involved, makes an even stronger statement about the futility and cruelty of war. The cast is exceptional: the stars are clearly the young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by veteran actors in adult roles. This is a visually impressive job with a lasting message and should find a much larger audience than we have to date. Harp grady
