The details of the opening left me purring, delighted by their inventiveness: the modified version of the Arqueros logo, the introductory disclaimer, the way the camera travels the cosmos. It is strange to think that 'It's a Wonderful Life' came out the same year. It is not a great coincidence: the 1940s was flooded with films of heaven and earth; but the shimmering cotton nebulas and the competing angels look shattered, something that happens best in silence, when placed next to Alfred Junge's vision. <br /> <br /> It keeps looking great all the time, like more and more surprising ideas come to mind. I'm not a big fan of mixing color with black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes almost always looks ugly when placed side by side. It is not like that here. Powell dissolves color in monochrome and monochrome in color as if it were the most natural thing in the world, a mere change of pallets. Both color photography and black and white photography could stand on their own. <br /> <br /> As for the story ... this may be the best Pressburger script, or at least it would have been the conclusion if it had been more logical result of the previous events. Apart from that, it's tight, but with more things than I can allude to here. Celestial things were real or imaginary? (Or both? Maybe Carter dreamed a fantasy that, as it happened, was true). Everyone says we should not ask or answer this question, but I do not understand why. I am sure that we are destined to ask the question. The movie even gives us clues about what the answer is; In fact, the problem is that there are too many clues and at first they seem to be pointing in different directions. The fact that other things must also occupy our attention does not mean that this should not concern us either. As I said before, there is a lot to do. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene in which Abraham Farlan (the attorney for the prosecutors of heaven) plays a radio broadcast of a cricket match, and says with disdain: "The Voice of England, 1945." Dr. Reeves (the defense) recognizes the display with great embarrassment, and then produces one of his own: an American blues song, which Farlan hears as if he had a lemon in his mouth, Reeves seems presumptuous. <br /> <br /> Well, I do not understand why it's a snobbish thing to condemn blues music, and that's not what Powell and Pressburger do, anyway.While the song is played, we listen to the American soldiers who listen to it Several of them nod their heads to the rhythm, perfectly at home, they do not find it incomprehensible, there is something valuable in the song and neither Reeves nor Farlan knows what it is, Reeves probably realizes that. (and all Australian, Indian audiences, etc. too) they know without being told that there is also something of value in the transmission of cricket; and that although Reeves understands THIS, he can not explain it to Farlan; hence the blues broadcast, which shows that people can understand each other without sharing an understanding of everything else. It is an intelligent scene. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I found David Niven a bit cold, without the charisma he would acquire later in his career; but still, I do not think a movie has grabbed my heart so quickly after the action started, as it did.
