Did not Mystic Pizza win the Oscar for that year? This film never had the chance, due to the casting, but maybe people can see why I felt that way when leaving the theater. Only "Wargames" made me feel similarly disturbed after leaving the theater, with the feeling that I was glimpsing our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened. <br /> <br /> The cast is a Cuisinart of the popular culture of the 1980s: you have Arnold as Ben Richards, the framed fugitive offered the opportunity to "run" for his freedom in the game show with the same title as the movie; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian, treating his role as if he were the host of Family Feud with the contestants using real weapons; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Libertad" and co-fighter Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", both "stalkers" who kill the "running men". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) are presented, while the "dancers of the future" are no other than the Laker Girls. This movie SCREAMS "80s". The plot is a good excuse for the action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but agrees to be the ordinary man when told that his friends would be released; instead, they join him as "contenders." Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the norm according to which Salma Hayek can be judged properly in the 1990s. <br /> <br /> The production value of the film was a bit poor, the lines were corny and (at that time)), the plot seemed a bit exaggerated. I remember when I was leaving the theater I thought we were definitely heading towards the movie, but who could have seen how far we would go and how fast? If The Running Man appeared in the TV Guide, most people would assume it was just another reality show that drives the envelope today. Government influences in the media have only gotten worse, and the American public stunned by the future that surrenders all its freedoms for "national security" is downright chilling. Ben Richards is brilliantly portrayed by Arnold as one of the few remaining holdouts against a governmental tyranny that the rest of the United States is willing to accept in exchange for good television and some goodbye gifts for the audience. <br /> <br /> The film was well over, maybe even off the cliff at the time, but as in Back to the Future III, the "gully" in which it seemed to sink in 1987 was replaced by Complete tracks in 2006 and beyond, and This movie will sail into the future as one of the most prophetic films of our time. It is tragic that, as with Wargames, the academy has not given this brilliant script the recognition it deserved. "Serious" actors who act seriously and are pretentious enough to want to vomit can earn more Oscars, but that does not make them better movies than their "common man" counterparts like this one. <br /> <br /> An absolute must see.
