Arnold, once again in the 80s, proved that he was the king of the action and one of the liners in this futuristic film about a violent program in which no competitor survives. But as the tag line says, Arnold still has to play! The film begins in 2019, in which the world economy has collapsed with food and other important materials that are scarce and a totalitarian state has emerged that controls all aspects of life through television and a police state. The most popular game show is The Running Man, in which criminals are forced to survive against the "Stalkers" who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Ben Richards (Arnold) leading a helicopter mission to observe a food riot in progress. His superiors order him to shoot at them, refusing to put him out of action and imprisoned, meanwhile, they massacred people without their help. The government blames Richards for the massacre that earned him the name "Butcher of Bakersfield." Eighteen months later, Richards, along with two friends, William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre), found themselves in a detention area where they worked. They go underground, led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly identifies Richards as the "Bakersfield Butcher" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want him to join the resistance, but he prefers to go live with his brother and get a job. He soon discovers that his brother has been taken away for reeducation and a woman named Amber Mendez (Alonso) has taken his apartment. Knowing who he is, she will not help him, but he convinces her, but the police stop him at the airport after she kicks him out. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, The Running Man is having trouble finding good news. Blood for the stalkers to kill. Damon Killian (Dawson), the show's host and one of the most powerful men in the country, sees Richards escape the images and is able to catch him for the show after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him, so he signs the contract. You will love that part. But he soon discovers that they will join him as well and makes sure Killian knows he will return. The Runners begin to make their way through the Zones and fight characters that are memorable, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Eventually, Richards is joined by Amber, who suspected that he had been armed, but was also caught and thrown into the game. Together they find the subway, return to Killian and say goodbye to him. <br /> <br /> The corridor is another one of the great Arnold films of the 80s. The film was apparently based on the book of the same name by Stephen King. Some have said that the book is better. I'm sure it is not and anyway I do not care, I loved the movie. As in all Arnold films, the performance is what you would expect with the Arnold classics and even Ventura gets a pair. But, undoubtedly, Richard Dawson is the highlight of this film. Being a true game presenter, he was easily fooled and was able to create a character that was truly cold-blooded. The whole movie itself breaks a bit in the game programs and the older brother looks at you. Stay tuned to them mocking some old shows, "hates the boat", among others. In addition, the cast was great, in addition to Arnold, Koto and Alonzo, do not forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the nonsense of television reality that lights up it almost fits better now, but I'm sure the Hollywood liberals would turn into a movie about "The Evil Bush." The new DVD had mostly poor extras, and the stalkers were the only exchangeable ones. Somehow, the ACLU got communism into the DVD and it's a ridiculous garbage that should not be close to an Arnold movie. Blasphemy! In general, for any Arnold fan, especially we who grew up in the 80s with him, you can not miss this. It is one of the first I saw in the 80s and still today is great. The futuristic world and humor are great. Overall, 10 out of 10 stars, without a doubt, one of their best.
