Of all Arnold's mid-'80s films, who would have thought that the most relevant thing today would be The Running Man. A creepy and surprisingly realistic reality TV story has gone crazy. It may have been a little exaggerated back then, but not so much now. Not when you think about it. Currently, Reality TV programs are scraping the bottom of the barrel or desperate to raise the bar. If the next one is not more controversial than the previous one, it is a failure. How long will it be before we actually watch shows like The Running Man? How long before we have 'court appointed theatrical lawyers' or the Department of Justice's entertainment division? There is so much satire and intelligence in this film that it may have been lost in 1987, which is desperate to be seen again considering the current state of television programs. <br /> <br /> The biggest message of all is "You're being lied to." It's no secret that the government and the media work in connivance, and the masses believe what the media means to them. they say they believe in. It's a very scary state of affairs and, unless more accurate representations of the truth arise, we can easily accept a brutal spectacle like the ordinary man in the near future.It is no secret that Reality TV is not very realistic It is edited and remodeled before it is broadcast and it is only what the networks want you to see, it is usually far from the real truth. <br /> <br /> Although it is quite different from Stephen King's book (the ending is completely changed) the script conforms to Arnie's typical formula Yes, he has numerous and very cheesy phrases and he says 'I'll go back' (which he never said REALLY often, anyway, when you think about it) the most ironic situation, but it's still a mi A few times better on paper than Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren (these two were considered BEFORE Arnie believe it or not). <br /> <br /> The director is none other than Dave Starsky (Paul Michael Glaser). It may not be artistic, but it's still strong enough to generate emotion and its use of neon and fluorescent colors gives each individual set a pretty cool look. Andrew Davis (not a director I particularly like) joined Glaser, but no matter who he directs, the film is still tarnished by a very heavy feeling of the 80s. <br /> <br /> First of all , the score of Harold Faltermeyer (remember him?) is incredibly outdated and steals the action scenes of any eternal integrity. And the fashion sense of the film is too excessive to establish convincingly in the future. Apart from the feeling of date, the only other thing that bothers me is the badly organized shooting that goes through the climax. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is a million times better than the original release. The horrible picture of the mailbox is over. In its place there is a new anamorphic transfer of high definition 1.85: 1. The colors shine and literally leave the screen. The new soundtracks of Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES are also incredible. There is a constant use of surround channels with great effect and the bass is strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best teachers I've seen so far. Two intriguing documentaries, a trailer and a 'Meet the Stalkers' trick are included in this 2-disc set that comes in a fairly clean sliding case.
