I'm still new to the Krimi genre and the only one I've seen before seeing this was the previous and somewhat disappointing "The Dead Eyes of London," which did not inspire great hope for the rest of the world. However, if I had seen this first one, the feeling would have been different, since although The College Girl Murders is a strange and quite strange attempt of a crime film; It is very fun to watch and it is very difficult to hate a movie that throws so many strange and wonderful ideas in the script and manages to carry it out with style. The film begins in a laboratory where a mad scientist has invented a new highly toxic poison that kills his victim and makes it look like he died of a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal brain that takes common criminals out of jail to carry out their murders using this poison (and then puts them back in jail). As the title suggests, it is a nearby university filled with girls that provides the most victims. There is also a mysterious monk dressed in a red robe who prowls around breaking necks with a whip. <br /> <br /> Of course, with a plot like that; This is not exactly a serious matter and the director clearly knows that, as the film has a very ironic tone, this is a good omen for the plot. The fact that the plot has so many different aspects means, unfortunately, that everything does not work well; although this is not a big problem, since things continue to work well throughout the film and there is always enough to keep the audience interested. The atmosphere is excellent and the color combination on the screen is also excellent. Of course, the film is based on a novel by Edgar Wallace and clearly the man has a great imagination; The locations used are also excellent, and while an assassin's lair covered with a large number of wild and exotic animals may not be relevant to the plot, it helps give the film that extra "something". You can not expect a conclusion that makes much sense after everything that happens in this movie; But the reason for the murders makes sense and is a satisfactory way for the film to reach a climax. In general, College Girl Murders is an excellent and small mystery film that is highly recommended.
