Gas prussico, a murderer who put on a red clan suit and a hood with a white whip, and the murders of schoolgirls by paid convicts enlisted by a mysterious brain that keeps his face hidden in an office that contains turtle tanks and fishes. The inspectors of Scotland Yard, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his superior, Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) certainly have their hands full with this case. Everything seems to center around the student Ann Portland (Uschi Glas), who, when she turns 21, will inherit a large amount of wealth. The girls who are attacked share a room with Ann, but the reason for their murders remains a mystery that the best of SY must discover. The girls' dormitory staff seems to be hiding something and certain faculty members are falling into the killer's prey in the robes of a red monk's robes, talented enough to strangle precisely the necks of those attacked with the whip. A mysterious man orders two prisoners to use the newly created toxic gas created by a scientist killed at the beginning of the film during what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for his creation. It is an intelligent scheme where a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets convicts (... who hide in a barrel) who are assisted by a corrupt prison guard. Carried blindfolded to the secret room of the brain, he gives them orders about who to kill and how. Discovering this operation is one of the top priorities for Higgins and Sir John, as it will lead them to the truth they seek in relation to the murders and why they are happening. Under suspicion are the director of the girls' dormitory, her brother author, a sweaty and incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, a sniffer gardener and the Bannister. Some are false clues until they are discarded, throwing the viewer into a loop each time until the true brain is discovered. The end has multiple twists. <br /> <br /> Outside of the Krimi movies I've seen, THE COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is the closest to a giallo with its colorful killer, a convoluted plot that produces many surprises and possible suspects, and sordid shenanigans among adults and The university students in the bedroom. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond in this Krimi movie in particular with the secret hiding place of the villain's brain with a crocodile pit (... that is not used), the fake bible / water pistol, when opens, shoots the gas into the face of frightened victims, the Royles Royce of the Greaves, which has latches that make the fins darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the backseat, and the holes to spy on the girls in their rooms and while they swim. Many might consider Sir John a liability because of his clumsy and foolish behavior and how he often undermines Higgins' abilities to get to the truth (... perhaps mocking British inspectors who know everything that hurt a further case). to solve it) ... I felt that it was used as a relief from comedy, particularly with its attempts at psychoanalysis of suspects and potential victims, often misinterpreting what is being said. Higgins, using the skills adopted throughout his years as an investigator, follows the clues / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. Directed by the reliable Alfred Vohrer who keeps up the pace at a good pace, and the script is full of interesting characters and daring content ... the fact that many of the adults surrounding the bedroom are suspicious, any of them could be the one wielding the whip or calling the shots behind the executions of the murdered girls. I would say that this may be one of the best (if not the best) example of the Krimi genre, since it keeps you guessing, there is always one more ace in the sleeve ... the revelations discovered at the end are quite evident. - it opens (... and, even, you get a literal unmasking of the real mastermind pulling the strings to finish everything).
