This is probably the fastest and most action-packed rhythm of the German "krimi" series by Edgar Wallace, a cross between the films of Dr. Mabuse of yesteryear and the 60 popular thrillers like Batman and The Man from UNCLE. It reintroduces the scandalous villain from a previous movie who wears the habit of a stylish monk and breaks the neck of the victims with the curl of a deadly whip. Located in an elegant girls' school full of lustful middle-aged teachers, and with the police caressing their hot secretaries at every opportunity, it's certainly a throwback to those wonderfully politically incorrect times. There is a definitive link to a later film based on Wallace, the excellent giallo "What happened to Solange?", Which also refers to students who are corrupted by (and corrupt?) Their elders. Very appropriate for the subject of the monks, the villain of the mastermind uses Bibles with booby traps to deal with some of the deadly blows, and also maintains a dungeon full of reptiles to amuse his captive audiences. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer was always the most playful and visually most extravagant of the directors of the series, and here the cinematography in color is the true star of the show. The monk appears with a delusional hood and a scarlet robe, putting on good taste the bright white whip, while appearing against purple night backgrounds. There is also a turquoise-friendly pool for the voyeur that looks great as a bright medium for nubile students and as a shadow background for one of the murder scenes. The trademark "kicker" of hiding the "Ende" card somewhere in the set of the last scene is also quite memorable here. And there is a good score for fans of retro music. <br /> <br /> The fans of the series will definitely miss the character of Eddie Arent in these latest films. Instead, Chief Inspector Sir John assumes the role of buffoon, convinced that he has mastered criminal psychology after taking some evening courses. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski had also gone to bigger and better things. The Krimis had lost some of their unconventional subversive charm at this point, and now they worked on a far more brazen pop culture level, which will make it quite accessible for uninitiated viewers.
