Another Pokémon movie has hit theaters, and again, I hear the same old man: "Pokémon is dead, blah, blah, blah." The detractors of the franchise could not be more wrong. The children are still playing the collectible card game, they are still watching the television series, they are waiting for the Game Boy Advance games and they want to see "Pokémon, the fourth movie". <br /> <br /> That said: "Pokémon The 4th Movie" introduces us to two more "legendary" Pokémon: Suicune, the "wind of the north" of the story, and Celebi, guardian of the forest (and star of the show ). Celebi transports himself and a boy named Sam for 40 years in the future, to this day, where Pokemon's trainer Ash, his faithful Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty travel through Johto. Sam and Ash become fast friends, once they discover the mutual love of each other for Pokémon (Sam's vintage Pokeball with its screwed top is a great moment). Together, they decide to protect Celebi from the villain of the story, the Team Rocket agent, aptly named Vicious, who is bent on capturing Celebi for his own purposes. Can Ash and Sam protect Celebi from Vicious's dark balls? Where does Suicune fit in the image? Will Jessie, James and Meowth have bigger parts in this movie than before? And who is Sam, really? <br /> <br /> As with the first 3 movies, if you enter the movie by deciding that you will automatically hate it no matter what it is, simply because it is Pokémon (or simply because your son / niece / nephew / brother minor / etcetera "dragged" you towards you), then he will hate you because he has decided he wants to hate you. That may be, but blindly destroy "Pokemon The 4th Movie" simply because it is a Pokémon movie, and especially without having seen it, it is simply stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without having to know every last detail of the Pokémon world. I'm not saying that he WILL be a Pokémon fan again because of this movie, but that you CAN enjoy it, if you allow yourself. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first 3 Pokémon films, "Pokémon is the fourth one." The movie "is being distributed by Miramax, who I've heard is also working to guarantee the rights of the 5th. Pokémon movie, which was released last summer in Japan. Miramax claims to have some aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie", but all I've seen so far is a limited release, which does not include the usual Pikachu short at the beginning, which I was really looking for. Go ahead to this hour. I hope that Miramax considers it appropriate to put the short Pikachu, called "Exciting and exciting search of Pikachu", at least in the DVD / VHS release, if not with a future wider release of "Pokemon The 4th Movie". I hope that the current version is just the tip of the iceberg for this entertaining film.
