The late 30s and early 40s were a golden age for adventure films, due to increased budgets during the economic recovery, changes in screen entertainment since the production code was implemented and optimism General carefree of the times. While most of them were boastful about the savage, superhuman and often downright misogynistic exploits of heartthrobs like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in its focus, scope and tone. <br /> <br /> Part The secret of Gunga Din is the division of labor in his team of writers. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most skilled and celebrated writers of Hollywood's golden age. However, the real script was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, who, especially Guiol, had experience in comedy. What we get from these four is a plot that is well balanced and attractive, but that is also artfully enriched with comic touches. Most of the adventure films of this time were at least in part comedies, usually with one or two comic relief support players, but they did not use laughter the way Gunga Din does. Here, all the main characters are capable of being objects or creators of jokes. We see that the sinister threat of the bad guys suddenly spreads as the scene dissolves into a happy fight. The first main battle scene is a combination of action and jokes, in the style of the silent fans of Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., something that the vehicles Flynn and Power could not replicate. Towards the middle of Gunga Din, the action must necessarily take a break and there are many very talented scenes for the sake of the plot. However, the continuous incursions into comedy? Like the skewers routine? make this "slow" part bearable. <br /> <br /> The producer and director George Stevens was something natural in this kind of thing, since he himself hurt himself in the studies of Hal Roach and almost exclusively directed the comedy. So far. This was his first full-action show, and he does a surprisingly good job. In particular, its use of moving point of view shots makes battle scenes very stimulating. Does it also bring something you rarely see in action pictures of this era? a feeling of true fear and fear. Set this up with those steep, premonitory mountains that dominate many of the shots and dwarf the characters. The portrait of the abandoned village and the thuggee cultists shout "Kali!" It is truly disturbing. This dimension of fear plays with all the other emotions that operate here, which makes us worry about these nice characters and makes comedy a greater relief from stress. <br /> <br /> A real touch of genius is in the way the hero of the same name introduces himself to the audience. We are aware of Din visually, since he is prominent in several scenes before either of the characters addresses him or verbally refers to him. Because of this, we are given the impression that Din is not an important figure within the regiment, but quickly becomes a notable character for us, and a sympathetic character, since we see him risking his life and giving water to the dying men. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are, in vain, without a capable cast. Do not fear, because Gunga Din has a first class! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant adapted perfectly to the material, since their better roles generally were somewhere in the spectrum between the drama and the comedy. Grant, in particular, is at his best, largely credible, but only occasionally breaking into the exaggeration of the cries and whims that was his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not up to his heavyweight peers, but by no means is it bad. And, of course, there is Sam Jaffe, cursed by his appearance to play these strange little balls forever, but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity? I have not proposed to attack the adventures of the fans of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and in fact many of his images are absolute classics that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din does things that even the best of those fans could never achieve. Not only does it dispense with masculine leadership or the defiant cliché damsel, it successfully combines the genre of action with comedy and poignancy, in a way that few photos have done before or since. And that is fabulous.
