I did not know for a time in my youth everything that could be known in general about this movie, however, the way of making a film was not what actually caught my attention, which made this film one of the movies that I liked, even so far. The day I have seen was the heroism, the courage and the honor of having served in His Majesty's Service. This movie is not always what it seems and maybe it should be as it should be, however, I can not say enough about the value shown by Sergeant. Cutter in defense of The Uniform that he too would have sacrificed his life to save the danger in the same way that they and the troop were threatened with the appearance of this thugee group. <br /> <br /> To be sure, Sgt. Cutter is the kind of individual he can suggest something about and then he observes this unmistakable belief not only in one another, but in his Majesty the Queen of England. I think about all his lust for money and in the sense that that character was great. A reckless brave and reckless soldier who did not know fear. I think Grant was excellent in this role, a truly very capable representation that the uniform he wore was compelling. I never felt that Ballantine was a shoe, in fact, there was so much. Trust the assumptions that it may be good not to look to close because it is still just an image. What do I want to say? This image is just a moving image and I like the moments when these events occur and when the image that was actually made provides a view of how things were done at that time and what or why there are so many different opinions as to this moving image that will distract your attention. Both Ballantine and MaChesney are equal in their dedication to both men from time to time. Time provides an unshakeable audacity in regard to the works performed by men in the service of His Majesty. These three seem to get things pretty good and I think it's a useful interlude, even nice when Ballantine has a date with destiny or something like that. just to have the destiny as you would intervene. Is it credible? I do not know. I think it's very appropriate when the company has escaped the death grip in Tantrapur and they are dragging their tails when they approach the main Regiments Post doors when Ballantine lets the other two know that he is leaving the service, that She's going to get married and go to the tea business. MaChesney says she could sign up for another 9 years. It will make him a man. I like that feeling. <br /> <br /> I do not think there is any doubt as to what it means to have brave and reliable brave soldiers who represent your best interests. Where does this end? In fact, maybe never. These interests are so well placed as to what it is. It is important in this world that I enjoy this image today as I perhaps enjoyed the image when I was ten years old. I had never known the veracity of this film until recently when I went down in history and found the information about Kali. There is much to be learned, however, once everything is said and done about the historical meaning of the Goddess of Kali, this cinematic image acquires a quality that I refer to as intelligence. This is a very honest attempt to convey a belief in what is being attempted. I think this is an excellent movie. directed by George Stevens. <br /> <br /> There are some elements that must be taken into account. I do not think all the information is related to the story, however, when the journalist is addressed as Mr. Kipling things can get very emotional because the rest are characters, but this is Rudyard Kipling. George Stevens did everything possible to convey the time and the moment when these events occurred. The information is honest, compelling and not only attracts your attention but you will have to understand why we love Gunga Din. In the distance that the Black Watch is facing and they are approaching a more secure danger and a possible defeat, unless the troop can be warned.Sgt.Cutter is seriously injured and Ballantine, as well as MaChesney, are restricted . Having a deep wound in the base of the back as a result of a bayonet inserted deep into his body from behind, depends on the need to warn the Colonel of an imminent danger. With an effort worthy of our most sincere wishes in this life, Din climbs slowly and manages to climb the belfry that rests like the top of the tuggee temple. The sound of the Gunga Dins horn allows the army to be warned that it is approaching. A very large battle of scale occurs and the enemy is annulled. It is such a dramatic and tense position that, as Gunga Din lies dead in a pile of rocks that now shows his body full of bullets, the Sergeant. a more dramatic moment, not one where we learn what sacrifice means when the troops are aware of the imminent danger. <br /> <br /> The end is far from being anti-climatic, meaning who Gunga Din is and what it means. now to the men honored in uniform for whom he sacrificed himself voluntarily. Ballantine knows his heart and asks the Colonel to take care of his enlistment papers, which makes MaChesney very satisfied that the Colonel is honest and that the enlistment papers are placed in his pocket, perhaps at a more appropriate time . The Colonel says that in the place where they are now all assembled, we have made enough soldiers for a long day and more comments on how happy the defense efforts were. Mr. Chesney says he would prefer here than from the colonel to get a bloomin medal. This is a very sober point and then it comes to Din. Now here is a man who does not have a real status, so I will name him a corporal and his name will be written on the scrolls of our honest dead. The poem i I read it as if it were written by Kipling himself, who is next to the grave with the colonel and the rest of the men. Munga Din Bravo!
