I would love to give this movie a 10/10, but in its current state I can only get to 8/10 tops. The post-Code edition (read: destruction) of this film guarantees a demerit of 2 points. <br /> <br /> From my very limited knowledge of film history, Baby Face was apparently one of the two films that finally broke the camel. He returned and launched the full wrath and the implementation of the Production Code in 1934. (I do not know what the other movie was). As a result, the film in its original incarnation was never authorized to be reissued after 1934. It was cut and edited into bits, and it is not known that an original version exists today. The best we can see today is the version that shows TCM (Turner Classic Movies), but is edited shamelessly in several scenes and has a "happy ending" really disappointing at the end. <br /> <br /> Having said all of the above, the movie is still quite good and very funny to watch. Barbara Stanwyck is, as always, absolutely amazing and wonderful. She is so beautiful and powerful; She only owns the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been used by men all her life, starting with her father attacking local steel workers in Erie, Pennsylvania, as well as local politicians in a quid pro quo of 'if she does not close the door. I will easily talk about letting you sleep with my daughter. ' When the father dies in a blast of fire near the beginning of the movie, the smile on Stanwyck's face is priceless. <br /> <br /> After the fire, Stanwyck leaves Erie with her maid and heads to New York City. She sets her sights on a skyscraper and literally begins to make her way to the top. Starting with the employee of the human resources department, she sleeps with him to obtain an entry-level position in the bank. From there, she sleeps with man after man after man (including a very young John Wayne) who uses each new man to help her get a better paid job on a higher floor of the skyscraper, with male bosses becoming more powerful than men. sugar daddies. Stanwyck does not stop at anything in his climb to the top. It's great fun to see her and her maid with increasingly stylish clothes and apartments as Stanwyck moves up the corporate ladder. Stanwyck is the best femme fatale woman, manipulator, vixen in this movie! If you see this movie, I recommend you stop when you see the character of George Brent (Courtland Trenholm) die in the arms of Stanwyck. Skip the remaining 3 minutes or so! The "happy ending" about the end of the film for the post-Code hearings is an insult to the intelligence of the audience and beyond the credible: the board members of the bank are sitting around an exposed table about the donation of millions of dollars from Mr. and Mrs. Trenholm. The bank and how they are living happily but poorly in Erie, with the former vice-president of Trenholm now working in the steel mills. Perform exactly the same images of a steel plant that we saw at the beginning of the film: "The End". PUH-LEEZE - HOW LAME! The film originally ended with George Brent who succeeded in his suicide attempt. I think the ending fits the overall mood of the movie much better than at the end of the later code. <br /> <br /> I certainly hope that a copy of the original version of the previous code of this film will be discovered during my lifetime (update: the original has been found and should be available on DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). Until then, I will enjoy the TCM version and turn it off before the post-Code ends.
