Escaping life from being harassed by her father (... and the carefree waitress) dying in an explosion, Lily Powers (Barbara Stanwyck, who is simply dazzling) works her way through the branches inside a bank in the great Gotham City When a possessive lover murders who was supposed to be his next father-in-law (and Lily's new lover), the sky is the limit for Lily, since she has written her various relationships in a diary and the subtlety makes it known that the papers will receive. if a certain payment does not reach your hands. Courtland Trenholm (George Brent), recently named bank president, sends Lily to Paris instead of paying for a lot of money, but soon falls in love madly after several encounters with her in the City of Love. This makes the mouth Lily is filled with tears, because now she will have reached the pedestal of success seducing a man of wealth and prestige to bring wealth in his way. However, there are circumstances that will lead her to make a decision that threatens her successful way of reaching those riches ... Stockholm, now her husband, is being accused of imprisonment and has lost the bank. He needs the money that Lily now has in his possession or he will have absolutely nothing. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck is the whole movie despite that usual polish of Warner Brothers. Being established in the previous code era gives filmmakers the opportunity to develop taboo subjects, such as a woman who uses sex to achieve success and how that can lead to tragedy. The good direction of Alfred E Green is shown through subtleties in different ways and speaks through a good performance of Stanwyck's seductive performance on how to organize something without actually showing the explicit act. Obviously, the film shows that money is not everything and all that jazz as love enters the heart of Lily's dead heart. The end that Lily achieved the miraculous metamorphosis in someone in love did not sound faithful to me. She has spent all this time to reach that platform only to fall in love with a man who was essentially no different from others she had used before him.
