The preliminary version of "Baby Face" of 1933 would be an ideal introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Mentored by a Nietszchean teacher, Lily Powers rises from a life of easy virtue in her father's clandestine to a rapid rise in the corporate scale of a large bank. Because each rung of the ladder is an executive with his brain under his belt and his ethics locked in the vault, the film has no victims, except Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by an abusive and exploitative parent. The destructive relationship with her father suggests Lily's hidden motive for using men to move forward regardless of her fate. While Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach, the men she attacks voluntarily betray their wives and boyfriends to exchange jobs for sexual favors. Perhaps bank failures in the 1930s were due less to the economy than to corrupt executives morally distracted by ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot moves fast, and the camera moves from one window to another through the facade of the office building as Lily rises higher and higher. Barbara Stanwyck delighted in tough, tough roles, and she's in top form here. The feeling does not intrude when it is ready to climb to the next rung. Only his African-American confidante, Chico, receives Lily's affection, trust and loyalty. In more enlightened times, the fresh natural beauty of Theresa Harris, who plays Chico, would have caused men to throw skins and penthouses at her. Stanwyck often appears excessively stiff and rigid compared to Harris. However, despite Stanwyck's tough attitude, obvious tactics and artificial face, he manages to leave a trail of deceived and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook and a young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The preferred version of "Baby Face" is the restored 76 minute cut. The edited version of the film shyly withdraws from the concrete facts, which the longer cut restores and makes explicit. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under a false name, tried a lesson citing Nietszche, whose opinions on women were controversial. However, despite the lectures and advice of Alphonse Ethier not to be defeated by life, Lily's power and money were probably due more to her education and to her father than to her teacher mentor. However, philosophy is nothing more than a distraction. Short, fast and entertaining, "Baby Face" is as contemporary in its morality as "Wall Street". He replaces Gordon Gecko with Nietszche, and Lily could have declared that his philosophy is "greed is good".
