Is this considered a key movie of Pre-Code? from the director who later made the musical biopic THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the science fiction paranoid INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! ?? and presents one of Barbara Stanwyck's best early roles. <br /> <br /> Is it supported by an excellent cast that includes popular actors and artists of valuable characters of the time? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point he addressed Stanwyck with the titular nickname, derived from a popular song that is constantly heard) in the previous category and, in the latter, Robert Barrat (like Stanwyck's father), Donald Cook (as his most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (as his elderly mentor later), Arthur Hohl (as a lustful politician) and Henry Kolker (as Cook's boss and father). Law, to which Stanwyck also seduces). Interestingly, the scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared were subsequently removed at his own request, when the film ran into problems with the censors. <br /> <br /> Challenged by the clicks, that is to say, the hard dialogue and the realistic games of Anton Grot, the narrative contains unexpected nuances of the Nietzschean philosophy fed to our heroine of a small town by the Ethier intellectual (Stanwyck he complains about it from the beginning that it is not a "fireball" that, of course, contradicts his later comedy directed by Howard Hawks and his colleagues). starring Gary Cooper of that name!). Under Ethier's auspices, she quickly becomes an essentially ruthless character who determines that nothing will stand in the way of success; The symbolic representation of his rise in stature in the New York firm with which he finally works is reminiscent of a similar sardonic one? In relation to the desire for power of a statesman? in October of Sergei Eisenstein (1927)! Sociologically, it's also interesting to see Stanwyck constantly peeping at his black servant / companion. <br /> <br /> The first two thirds of the movie are just great; At the beginning, I found the last stages somewhat disappointing. because he expected to see Stanwyck get his due for the character of George Brent, who showed up late, while he ignores her, but, like everyone else, he'll soon be under his spell! On the second visit, however, this aspect felt less jarring? since it is evident that Stanwyck has been affected by the two deaths that her selfish behavior has caused, and that her stay in Paris has softened her (even if she tries to cling to her hard earned wealth as long as possible). /> <br /> Released on DVD by Warners as part of its Hollywood FORBIDDEN VOLUME 1 COLLECTION, is the film presented in two surprisingly different editions? a recently unearthed pre-release version and a more moderate version of Theatrical Release. Among the considerable shots cut from the latter is the dialogue about Stanwyck's life as a vagabond at the age of 14 (although it is heard in the trailer that accompanies it!), While many other scenes have been shortened (it is to say, censored by the content): the violent punch that develops between Stanwyck and Hohl after she resists his advances; the seduction in the railway car; the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised with Stanwyck by Cook; the shooting, followed by suicide (only shots are heard in the shortest version); Stanwyck is thinking about his conquests while the phonograph sounds (again, only Brent appears in the version released to the cinemas), etc. Does the latter, then, use alternative shots for some scenes? and it includes a plan of establishment of the city that is missing in the longest version; however, we also have a happy ending obviously added (the Pre-Release version ends abruptly with a very effective open note) and an equally unconvincing warning letter sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York that basically has the function of replacing all references to Nietzsche!
