"Baby Face" is a pre-codified melodrama starring a very young Barbara Stanwyck, an almost unrecognizable George Brent and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to the city to do good ... or should I say make time. Stanwyck's father has been fooling her for one reason or another in her whole life in the dirty, depressed and dirty Erie, Pennsylvania. After his father dies, an older father who knows what has happened and really cares about his future advises him to go to the big city and take advantage of the opportunities there, and not the easy ones, and take the best path of life. . (Note that I saw the censored version and not the uncut, this part of the film was remade for the censors). She and Chico (Harris) go to New York, where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides that the low road is much smoother. and it will take you where you want to go much faster. In the movie's most famous scene, the camera takes us up the corporate ladder to take us from floor to floor while Lily sleeps to the top. She finally corners the great man and can quit her day job. The problems continue, and soon she is involved in a big scandal. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck wears a lot of makeup and for most of the movie he's great as a cucumber, as he seduces one man after another without regrets, and he's great at playing the innocent victim. In one scene, she sits looking at the rescue of a king in jewelry while wearing a black dress that seems to be decorated with diamonds on top. Then he asks Chico for another case, and that is full of more jewels, as well as values. All in one day of work. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent: she could be belittled or glamorized, and she was also a talented singer and dancer. Here, she sings or hums the theme of the film, "St. Louis Woman" in everything. She worked literally in dozens of movies and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck, her best work is in the era of the precodes. As a strange byproduct of the code, blacks were often given less to do in the movies after they were launched. <br /> <br /> Precode movies could be more sexually brazen and, therefore, although they are over 70 years old. It seems more modern. Although these films did not have to have a moral ending, Baby Face learns its lessons: what life is like, after all. There were several endings of this movie, all with the same message. The one I saw had an additional scene, but apparently, there were two other endings that did not pass the censors. (There was not a code, but there were always censors). In any case, it's a good surprise. "Baby Face" is an important film in the history of cinema, a must see.
