I'm going to review the 2 films as a whole because I think that's how you should consider and see them. When I talk about 'the movie', I'm talking about parts 1 and 2 together when they look one after the other, as they should be. <br /> <br /> Thanks Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Toro. <br /> <br /> This movie is a refreshing, bold, gritty and true movie. And, a new filming style is agreed upon. There is no Faux drama. There is no swollen soundtrack. It is not a false documentary style. Only clean shots and an attempt to stick to the facts. I've been reading "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" by Jon Anderson and I recently finished the biography of Fidel's Auto, and this helped me soak up this movie correctly. But I have to say that it is the exhaustive, penultimate and wonderful biography of Jon Anderson that has given this film the true historical backing. Anderson was a consultant in this movie (or these 2 films). What makes this film a truth is that it is clean. Without swollen music or slow motion photography to increase drama, and even more important; No false unstable camera documentary. Only square shots and straight shot style. The type of camera used makes you feel right in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should receive all the honors, I never doubted him as Che in the whole movie ... not once. He did a wonderful job and I will respect him forever for this. Some people complain that the movie only deals with 2 parts of their life and not at all. But I think this is one of the true beautiful aspects of this movie: it does not try to be everything. It is not about 'telling the story'. A person's life is too multifaceted to try to count it in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beauties of this film, it resists that temptation and focuses on the intention of letting ourselves be felt by CHE, its development of the military mind and the forces that surround it. It focuses on 3 parts of time: the battle to defeat Batista, Che's speech at the University of the United States and the preparations of the gorillas in Bolivia. "Motorcycle diaries" I already told your young man, and I applaud S. Soderbergh for focusing on other aspects. I still refer to Jon Anderson's book and the movie is still true. The only weak link for me is the casting (not the performance) of Matt Damon. In a film so loaded with real performances, an American, (Matt Damon) play a Bolivian is a clumsy stretch: it goes well, but after so careful in the casting, this was an exaggerated site. Small and completely forgiven. The reality that the rest of the casting offers you and, above all, the incredible work of Benicio Del Toro, puts this film at the top of my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film was almost direct to a video says it's something about how the ethics of the Cold War would never allow the 'revolutionized Cuba' to become what it could have, He is still working keeping the story quiet. If it is not outside the clandestine buffer, then, outside of the effects of the well done propaganda that has harmed this issue. <br /> <br /> This is a must-see movie, and "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" by Jon Anderson is a must read if you want to begin to understand the initial effects on the global mindset regarding the expansion of the international / political financial chess movements of the 40s, 50s and 60s that exerted unfair pressure on our South American neighbors and the effects were encouraged
