This is such a fantastic movie, a western about a worried man (Jimmy Stewart) who goes up to the Klondike in search of gold. On the way, a local sheriff in Alaska annoys him (John McIntire, who has a wonderfully evil performance), whom they annoy him. McIntire threatens to be a dead man if he ever returns through his city, which is, unfortunately, the only way back to the United States. The main part of the story is about the peaceful city of Dondson, in Klondike, which the new residents of the town of McIntire turned around. Ruth Roman, for example, who has come with Stewart and her two companions (Jay C. Flippen and Walter Brennen, who plays Stewart's best friend), builds a living room (a Hollywood front for a brothel) and tries to direct the restaurant in the city and resting place outside of the business. She paves the way for McIntire and his thugs to come too. In 1953, Jimmy Stewart and director Anthony Mann achieved one of the peaks of the Western genre, The Naked Spur. The Far Country is only a little bit less, and it contains 99.9% of what made that film so special without, of course, feeling like a cheap copy. Like The Naked Spur, The Far Country has a beautiful cinematography in place. The landscape is beautiful. Stewart offers one of his best performances (almost equal to his greatest success of 1954, the rear window). I suppose it could be considered a cliché, since it begins as a selfish loner and learns how that kind of existence develops in the end. Still, Stewart interprets it very well, makes this character very human. And the support actions are universally fantastic. In addition to the ones I mentioned, the adorable French actress Corinne Calvet is very good. And I should also point to Walter Brennen. It seems that he has specialized in playing best friends. His relationship with Stewart is very moving, since he is, at first, the only character that can take humanity out of the cynical man. The script is very well written, and Mann's address is impeccable. A masterpiece. 10/10.
