Possibly the most brilliant part of Che: Part Two, since we began to integrate it with Part One in our minds, is that it is not clear why Che chose to escape Cuba confidentially after the revolution, there is no reference to his experience in the Congo, does not clarify why he chose Bolivia as his later stage for a coup d'état, does not allude to the political decisions he took when he was young on motorcycles in South America, which Walter Salles has given him a prominent familiarity. Special attention is paid to Che meeting with the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions. However, almost no effort is made to individualize them as individuals, to establish involved relationships. He is reasonably unreasonable. Che impels an unbreakable doctrine so as not to leave behind any wounded man. But there is no sense that he is deeply interested directly in his men. It is the concept. <br /> <br /> In Part 1, in Cuba, the rebels are welcomed by the people of the villages, given food and coverage, supported in what becomes a victorious revolution. Here, in Bolivia, there is not much apparent understanding. The villagers expose it. They protect the troops of the government, not theirs. When he expounds on the unilateral nature of the government's medical system, his audience seems disinterested. You can not take a people to the revolution if they do not want to comply. Soderbergh shows military advisers from the United States who work with Bolivians, but he does not criticize the United States for the collapse of Che. It seems that Che has just distorted his struggle and the place where he wanted to have it. <br /> <br /> By showing both wars, Soderbergh does not build his battle scenes as actions with specific results. Che's men attack and are attacked. They exchange shots with distant assailants. There is usually a cut to the group in the combat replica, its death toll is not stopped. This is not a war movie. It is the reasonably unreasonable impulse of a man to endure. There is no elaborate cinematography. Soderbergh looks firmly at Che's unyielding dedication. There are notable sporadic visceral shots, but being few, they are all more powerful, like Che's POV shot during his last shots. There is a large amount of land, where these men live for weeks at a time, and the effect that consumes everything is languor, Guevara himself has malaria part of the time. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the producers of the film, gives the performance of a champion, among other things because he is modest. He does not present himself as the edge like most epic heroes. In Cuba, it arises in the conquest, in Bolivia, it falls backwards, and sometimes it is really difficult to distinguish behind a tangle of beard and hair. Del Toro does not illustrate both an identity and an attitude. You may think that the movie is too long. I think there is a genuine cause for its breadth. The affairs of Guevara in Cuba, and in particular in Bolivia, were not a sequence of episodes and sketches, but a commitment to maintain power that could virtually be considered madness. In the end, Che in its entirety or in parts is a commercially ambiguous film, in which its director begins by understanding the innate limits in the cinematographic biography and working progressively within those media.
