I sat through both parts of Che last night, back to back with a short break in the bathroom, and I can not remember when they spent 4 hours so fast. I had to make myself a psyche a week in advance because I have a real "thing" about the directors, producers and editors that continue to face us, along quasi-long epics in front of us and I feel that, in general, 2 a 2.5 hours is the right thing for a movie. So 4 hours seemed to be pushing the limits of my tolerance and I had many doubts about the whole company. But will I say in advance that this is very nice? I could say lovingly ?? I made a movie and I'm very glad I saw it. Director Steven Soderbergh must be congratulated for the clarity of his vision. The battle scenes buzz as if you were dodging the bullets. <br /> <br /> If there is a person on the planet who does not know, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was the Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro overthrow Fulgencio. Batista through the Cuban revolution of 1959. When he was a child in the 1960s, the image of Che was everywhere; On posters on the bedroom wall, on shirts, on magazine covers. The image of Che must be one of the most exploited in history. If the famous images are reliable, then Che was a very handsome guy, the epitome of revolutionary romanticism. If it had been so ugly, I wonder if it would ever have been so popular in the public imagination. Of course, help young people to die. <br /> <br /> Movies have been made about Che before (especially the excellent Motorcycle Diaries of 2004, starring the incredibly cute Gael García Bernal as the young Che, touring South America and seeing the endemic poverty that shaped his politics Marxist) but I do not think anyone has dealt with the whole story from beginning to end, and this double party is an ambitious project. I hope it's worth it for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that instant commercial success may not have been the most important thing in his mind. <br /> <br /> The first movie (The Agentine) shows Che meeting Castro in Mexico and continues his trip to Cuba to start the revolution and then the trip to New York in 1964 to address the UN. Black and white images ingeniously taken look like a contemporary movie but they are not. The second film (Guerilla) resumes in 1966 when Che arrives in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second film takes place almost entirely in the forest. As far as I can see, it was filmed mainly in Spain, but I can still believe that it must have been quite exhausting for the movie. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, a part that seems to have been born to play. <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt that The Argentine (that is, the first part) was much easier to see and more "entertaining" in the film strictly felt, because it is optimistic. They are winning The Revolution will be successful. Che is in his element leading a disparate band of peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. The second part is much harder to see because of the inevitability of his defeat. In the same way that the recent Valkyrie, although it was a good movie, was an exercise to witness a heroic failure, so I felt the same about the second part of Che (Guerrilla). We know from the beginning that he dies, we know that he fails. It is frustrating because the way in which the story is told is evident from the beginning that the promotion of the revolution in Bolivia is doomed; Che is considered a foreign intruder and fails to connect with indigenous peoples as he did with Cubans. He persists tenaciously, which is frustrating to see because I felt that I should have known when to resign and move on to other, perhaps more successful companies. The movie does not romanticize it too much. He kills people, executes, fights against his asthma and follows a lost cause long after he should have surrendered and moved on, leaving his wife alone to raise five children without a father. <br /> <br /> But in general, an excellent exercise in the making of classic films. A note; As I watched the Bolivian soldiers trained in the United States move in droves to topple Che and his small group of warriors one by one, it reminded me of the end of Butch Cassidy. I almost turned to my husband and said it, but I hesitated, thinking that he would find such thoughts trivial and out of place. When we left the theater, he turned to me and said: "You did not think the ending was like Butch Cassidy ?????????????"
