Many of the reviews I've read reveal that most people like Part One better than Part Two. I feel exactly the opposite. The first part played a little bit trying to find different ways to show the personality of Che Guevara through different types of films, different locations and cutting between an interview and the Cuban revolution. For the most part it was finely structured but somewhat distracted. In Part Two, Che enters Bolivia and, along with the change of geographic location, the rules and structure change. The spatial leaps and the change between the existences, the "documentary realism" and the treaties are over. Instead, we are now literally stuck with Che in a desaturated and unpopulated landscape where the only people that exist are too burdened with their lives for anything, except survival, to be an option. I think it's the dark turn of Che's life the real reason why most people prefer Part One to Part Two. <br /> <br /> The change in geographical location also means, for me at least, that Che: Part One and Che: Part Two are, in fact, the first two acts of a three-act structure initiated by Motorcycle Diaries Motorcycle Diaries is the age of Che (or more appropriately, the arrival of ideals) in Argentina, Che: Part One is his military leadership in Cuba, and Che: Part Two is his downfall in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (we are missing his experiences in Guatemala and, more importantly, in his opinion, his executions of the Cuban revolution), but they create a very detailed exploration of the controversial aspects of his character and nature as a world symbol It symbolizes both idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression and revolutionary failures in the third world countries after the Second World War and its obstruction by activities such as, um, the intrusion of the CIA. <br /> <br /> But, once again, all that is projected onto the screen in this case, not through long scenes of dialogues and speeches, but through a much more intimate and long-suffering description of Che in the end. of his thread and his life. Again, the rules have changed, and in this case it is difficult to know if there was any chance of success. The number of times the camera shows people literally trapped between a rock and a hard place and the desaturated and trembling shots involve the audience in the narrative of people imprisoned in a hostile landscape, an existential hell, where revolutionary beliefs finally take the second position. Degree to the despair of the people hunted dying of hunger. It's just not an easy movie to watch, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
