Following directly from where the story was left in the first part, the second half, which tries to count the inevitable fall and much more dismal side of the legacy of man, is exactly as such. In direct contrast to the first characteristic, the second part represents a change of Che, the pride and glory of a revolutionized country, the liberator who fights in a country to which he has no previous ties. The change of scenery is not only aesthetic; From the autumn and spring gray of the forests there is a change of tone and heart to the characteristic, which replaces the optimism of the predecessor with a cynical, battered and bruised reality, aligned with a completely new struggle. However, as Che would continue to say to himself, such a fight is best told exactly like that fight. While Part One certainly helped to document that initial increase in power that the revolutionary guerrillas acquired with just that, Part Two takes a much more refined, insensitive, and grim segment of Che's life and ambition, and gives it a Assertive portrait that is both touching and tragic. in a tangible way and easy to understand. <br /> <br /> While the tone of the film in some ways deviates and differs dramatically from Part One, the same documented approach adopted a month ago that avoids melodrama and fabrication as much as possible remains. This somewhat distant and cold approach to telling Che's story and struggle will undoubtedly discourage some viewers; In fact, I keep reserving myself on whether the feature itself should have been named in honor of one man, in any case, the whole of Che, as a whole, offers a story that goes beyond mere biography and, instead, , documents the struggle of a man. Those who helped take him along the way. No way, Soderbergh tries to paint a humanist portrait here similar to what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a decade ago (excuse the ironic contrast); Che is a slow, reserved and meditative approach to telling a history lesson that is simply narrated by the only man who possibly drove the whole thing. <br /> <br /> However, as we move from the exuberant green landscapes of Cuba and back to the bleak and decadent background of Bolivia for Part Two, the story inevitably takes on a clearly contrasting tone that does not feel very disconnected from its predecessor , but it does enough to give it its own reference points. Here, the basic structure of Part One is repeated: there is the initial struggle, the battles, the fallen comrades and the recruitment of those to replace them, while we see some glimpses of the man behind the movement. However, as anyone with the vaguest idea of ​​the real story behind the feature will know, Part Two is bound to end on a much more disappointing and disturbing note. This difference, combined with the similarities with Part One, creates a convincing and memorable set; In any case, both can be digested only one (and congratulations to Soderbergh for achieving it) and enjoyed as they are, but taken as a statement, Che offers exactly what he intends to achieve. <br /> <br /> In fact, everything that made Part One become a gift that was a month before is still evident here, from the subtle but fascinating performances from the central cast to the slow construction, the Realistic combat scenes, the drama inherent in the characters on the screen is just as vague and indiscernible, but with a feature like this, Part Two proves once again that avoiding such elements does not necessarily harm a movie when there is a plot and a enough reflection on other elements to keep the viewer involved. In fact, in writing this review, I did not agree on whether or not to simply add a paragraph or two to my initial revision for Part One, and title the revision as a whole, however, I felt that doing so would only serve to disappoint those who can sit and watch the totality of both films consecutively. <br /> <br /> That said, I can not decree with reason if Che is committed to the task of attracting an audience for its extended four-hour period. execution time, but seeing both segments can at least attest to the ability of each party to do just that. With a reflective and intricate script, combined with an endless fascinating photography and nuanced performances that do justice to the characters of the film without attracting attention, Che Part Two is as convincing and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic image but encouraging. Reafirmante conclusion suitable for the pages of history of the film. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
