Ironically, the most commented American film at the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The controversy of the extra long film began at the Cannes Film Festival. There were notices of love and hate, and considerable doubts about the commercial prospects. As a consolation, the star, Benicio Del Toro, received the award for Best Actor there. I'm talking about Steven Soderbergh's 'Che', of course. That is the name used in this version, which is shown in New York as in Cannes in two segments of more than 2 hours without opening the title or the final credits. 'Che' is certainly appropriate since Ernesto "Che" Guevara is in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive, relies reliably through thick and thin, from days of glorious victory in the first part to months of humiliating defeat in the second part, attractive and friendly in all its various manifestations, even disguised as a bald man and gray to infiltrate Bolivia. . It is an excellent performance; One would wish that it had a better configuration. <br /> <br /> If you have enough patience to sit for more than four hours, with an interval between the two sections, there are rewards. There is an authentic feeling throughout the world: fortunately, Soderbergh made the decision to film in Spanish (although some of the actors, oddly enough, especially in the English segments, are made of wood). You get a good summary of what guerrilla warfare was like, Che's style: teaching, the recruitment of peasants, morality, discipline, difficulties and struggle, as well as the gradual transformation of Che from the company doctor until the full. full-fledged military leader. The use of a new "high-performance digital cinema camera" of 9 pounds of 35 mm that was just made available in time for filming, allowed PD Peter Andrews and his team to produce images that are a bit cold, but sometimes they still sing, and they are always clear and soft. <br /> <br /> The film consists of two parts: Soderbergh calls them two "movies" and the plan is to commercially launch them as such. The first is 'El argentino', which represents Che's leadership in the jungle and the combats in the cities that led to the fall of Havana in the late 1950s, and the second is 'Guerrilla', and refers to the Che's failed effort almost a decade later in Bolivia to head a Revolution, a fruitful mission that led to the capture and execution of Guevara in 1967. The second part was having been the original film and it was written first and, I think, first. Producer Laura Bickford says the second part is more of a thriller, while the first part is more of an action movie with big battle scenes. Yes, but both parties have a lot in common, too, since both spend much of their time following the guerrillas through a difficult country. Guerrilla an absolute defeat since the Bolivian rebellion from the beginning. The group of Cubans who tried to lead it did not receive a friendly welcome from the Bolivian peasants, who suspected they were foreigners, and considered the Cuban communists as impious rapists. There is a third part, a kind of black-and-white interval of celebration composed by Che's speech at the United Nations in 1964 and interviews with him at that time, but that is inter-cut in the first segment. The first part also has Fidel and is considerably more optimistic, leading to the victory in Santa Clara in 1959 that led to the fall of Fulgencio Batista's dictatorship in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During the "Guerrilla" I kept thinking how this could work as a European-style quality miniseries, which could start with an abbreviated version of Walter Salles' 'Motorcycle Diaries' and continue to the fateful Guevara meeting with Fidel in Mexico and the enlistment on July 26. July movement. There could be much more about his extensive travels and diplomatic missions. This is far from being a complete picture of man, his childhood interest in chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, the books he wrote; Even his international fame is only touched. And what about his cruel, cruel side? What really interests Soderbergh is not Che, but revolution and guerrilla warfare. The lasting impression that the more than 4 hours leave is to crawl through forests and jungles with wounded and sick men and women and an idealistic dedication to the cause of ending the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned that Terrence Malick was reminded of "The Tin Red Line" by Terrence Malick, and yes, the episodic and meandering battle approach is similar; but 'The Thin Red Line' has stronger characters (almost no one emerges with strength besides Che), and it's a really good movie. This is an impressive effort, but unfinished and unsuccessful. <br /> <br /> This highly researched love work (8 years of gestation and research) (how many more must Ocean pay to pay for it?) It's a vanity project, too long for a regular theatrical release and too short for a miniseries The radical edition, or a great expansion, would have become something more successful, and as it is, it is a long work, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> It is clear that this work could have been cut back. down, although it is not clear what form the resulting film would have taken, but with a bit of luck it could have been pretty good.
