Carefully skipping everything from the coup in Cuba to its covert entry into Bolivia, the second part of Che Guevara's description of Soderbergh is that of the tragic hero. As with Che? First part: this rather divergent guerrilla warfare escape through the colorful mountains of Bolivia is probably destined to disappoint more people than it would satisfy, then why the film (and in particular the performance of Benicio Del Toro) ) was so praised in Cannes? <br /> <br /> James Rocchi, for example, called it, a work of art that is "not only the story of a revolutionary," but "a revolution in itself." Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian called it a "defective masterpiece". Back to my original argument for Part One? that the value lies particularly in the representation of a hero figure. And at a time when there are a lot of models of poor heroes, would not it be healthy to see a very honorable one, even if you take away some of the less attractive episodes of your life? This is the psychological hero consecrated by the great Scottish essayist, Thomas Carlyle, in his seminal book, Heroes and Hero Worship. The heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere in between). But it should genuinely inspire us to higher goals, to a higher purpose. Compare this with the unrealistic "heroes" of the standard Western narrative: where does a person experience trials and tribulations before obtaining a scarcely credible reward? In general, eternal love or material wealth? As by divine intervention of study. Do true heroes have an excess of moral courage? no Lost Dare Devilishness or James Bond super-toys. They get up, and empower others to rise up, to be the best they can be. In Part One, Che succeeds. In the second part, he fails. It is not for lack of moral value, but as a) not all good plans can succeed and b) be human, mistakes are inevitable. <br /> <br /> The intellectual clarity of Guevara is wrong when it equates the conditions that justify the armed struggle. Conditions that make that armed struggle succeed. It is a serious miscalculation. <br /> <br /> At the top of the mountains of La Paz, the colors are impressive. There is an air of mise-en-scene authenticity that was occasionally missing in Che - Part One (the United States would not allow Soderbergh to film in Cuba). Visual views increase by maximizing natural light and the extreme flexibility and realism offered with innovative Red Cameras. This is a high-performance digital cinema camera with the quality of 35mm film and the comfort of pure digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs just 9 pounds. "Shooting with RED is like listening to the Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "RED sees the way I see it ... so organic, so beautifully in tune with the most natural of phenomena: light." If Che had stopped with the successful Cuban revolution, he would have wrapped it in an almost mystical invincibility. The fact that it fails in Bolivia demonstrates not only that it has human limitations, but that it is its moral virtues that are remembered, not political triumph. Critics will say ?? and with some justification, that their armed struggle inspired much less noble characters to achieve tin dictatorships. Their development of guerrilla fighting tactics is neither good nor bad in itself (and since then they have been used for both). <br /> <br /> But despite all their praise, the film often seems to lack dramatic and narrative tension. We stumble from one getaway to another, knowing that eventually he will meet his death. I found myself looking at my watch and thinking it could have been shorter. But the work that has gone into this? Interviews with people from all sides and even getting one of Guevara's former colleagues to train the actors about the details of Bolivian operations? Make the film a commendable achievement. It may not be high-flying entertainment, but it shows integrity by documenting an important part of the story. <br /> <br /> There is also another very important point in the figure of the "hero" of Che. It's about failure. That if you do everything possible, even if you fail, your effort will not have been in vain because it can give hope and moral courage to others. It could be cynically called a "martyr" complex, and it is, of course, found in many religious figures as well. But Che does not "sacrifice" himself. He does what he does best, the best he can, is not an inconsiderate ability, and therefore provides an example. Success or failure in any particular case becomes mere details. <br /> <br /> With the illegal and illegal blockade of the United States against Cuba (all in the name of "freedom"), I am tempted to write that the Parties of Che 1 & 2 are too good to waste on the United States. But that would be inviting an argument that the film has tried so hard to avoid. One must hope that many spectators have the ability to see Che without politics and the bias that inevitably breeds. Whatever its faults, rehabilitates Soderbergh from the absurd populist Oceans 11. <br /> <br /> But if you have not heard about Che Guevara or seen Part One, or if you can not pass the phrase 'Marxist assassin' without Foaming in your mouth, you might have trouble imagining what you would get from this movie. The same can be said of many who have, and can.
