Now, certainly, I am not a fiery student of the genre. In fact, I've always tended to stay away from Westerners because, despite all their critical prestige as primordial stories of the United States (or whatever), it seems to me that they always get tired in retreads of either of the two Injuns. , "" the great shooting "or" Hey, let's make a gang! In other words, it always seemed to me a genre so ingrained and linked to the convention that it left a precious space for surprise or originality. (And yes, I've seen at least some of the so-called "greats", and without apology I grouped them in this negative evaluation, such as Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine and, of course, the infamous [but deeply boring] Clint Eastwood -Sergio Leone joined the teams in the 60s.) <br /> <br /> But when I saw this movie on TV, as part of a memorial weekend for Jimmy Stewart after his death, I finally understood it I understood, at least in theory, what Western myths have to offer as a serious thematic concern (apart from action and emotion). It is the impulse between the lack of law and order; The American West represented freedom, but also the perspective of the wild, the indomitable. Respectable people could get hurt. Which, of course, meant that perhaps, just maybe, it was not for respectable people, and that the only residents should be the amorals and the mutes, those who dispensed justice strictly from the barrel of their revolvers, and where they killed or murdered would always be the law of the land. In such an environment, of course, the true heroes are those who are intricate enough and free-spirited to be there in the first place (and thus reject "society," at least as manifested on the east coast), and yet, he has enough sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is simply NOT CORRECT. Capturing and examining that disparity between law and disorder IN THE SAME MAIN CHARACTER is, I believe (after watching this movie), the highest and true goal of any Westerner. Unfortunately, this is often not the case, since the white hats are completely white, the blacks are completely black (and we do not even begin to talk about the Indians, ok) and there are precious little shades of gray between them. <Br /> <br /> Not in this one. Jimmy Stewart plays a flagrant fortune-hunter who follows the trail of miners who find themselves in the wild in Alaska to search for gold. He joins this with his lifelong friend, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps the character of the western cliché to kill everyone, but nevertheless, it's nice here, as always), and no one else. Featured, they are outside of themselves, and while Stewart shows his patented charm (come on, we could never get upset, right?), We're left with little doubt that his is basically self-centered, self-centered. interested character: none of his humanism "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" is allowed. Or, rather, you have to WIN, at the end of the image, as I described earlier. It must face anarchy in itself, and weigh the need for order and justice that they lack so blatantly in the border city that serves as a starting point for the miners in their trail of gold dust. This city is firmly ruled by its evil sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best "bad boy" performances I've ever seen. He comes with so much charm and humor, and has such a relaxed and interesting relationship with Stewart, that it actually takes a while to recognize that * he * is * the bad guy - so that when he finally sinks, he does it with double force. In addition, by establishing a kind of carefree camaraderie (if necessarily kept) between McIntire and Stewart, the film shows the notion of how close the temperament really is, and what moral distance Stewart must walk at the end of the film. . <br /> <br /> I'm not going to make all the twists and turns that the plot takes: check it out for yourself (as well as for the steep and beautiful Alaskan landscape: filmed at the location, of course, not cheap still photos that the study composed). What is key here is how much this story focuses on the character, with a great dialogue and character interaction that replaces the weapons games most of the time, although the film has enough action and adventure to avoid it being static ( read: "talky"). Definitely, one of the best performances I've seen of Stewart, proving he could play the renegade, the "man of man" as convincingly as the decent, straight boy next door. In fact, in any case, his qualities of "common man" confer a greater strength to his characterization, making it seem less mythical or exaggerated, as, for example, Eastwood or John Wayne, and more a three-dimensional character. His relationship with Brennan is well-interpreted: discreet, yet poignant (with a slight suggestion from George and Lenny of "Of Mice and Men" - a completely different kind of "western"). <br /> <br /> I certainly have more Westerns to watch, but this is by now my favorite, and the criteria by which I will necessarily judge all others. It deserves to be much more known and appreciated than it is.
