Of the filmmakers who brought us The March of the Penguins, I suppose that came with many expectations for The Fox and the Boy. From the harsh winters of the South Pole to the exuberant desert of France, the narrative now becomes a documentary part and partly a fairy tale, which narrates the friendship between the two titular characters, Renard the fox and his friendship with the child who christening. interpreted by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. <br /> <br /> The story is frankly quite simple, and sometimes this movie would have looked like the many Japanese movies in which various animals and children become friends after the development of trust, and how they engage in Hanging to each other, dealing with the respective adversaries and the "I like". Here, the girl meets the elegant fox near her house in the mountains, which provides a lot of beautiful perfect postcard shots that a filmmaker will have to use to capture. <br /> <br /> But while we allow ourselves to enjoy a melancholic landscape, the characters fail to establish that level of confidence from the start, and we have to wait a few seasons for them to pass, and 45 minutes after the movie, before they find a leveler in the food. The child persistently tries to establish a link with the goal of tame the creature for its own fun, but the fox, well, like other notions, of course. Although I thought that the narrative was quite weak, unlike March of the Penguins, which has that human narrative interpretation of what is happening on the screen, what stood out here were the documentary elements of the film, tracing life and times of the fox as a predator, and a prey. <br /> <br /> Between the two, the latter was given more tension and drama, especially when it came to traditional enemies such as wolves, and granted, those sequences were quite intense, especially when the child was involved in that. Otherwise, it was simple to navigate and quite boring when the two play together, in shots that they know have undergone some magic film editing. There were surprisingly dark moments in the film that were not very suitable for children, since those in the same room witness it suddenly, so, parents, you should take note and not let your little one bother your eyesight. The rest of the movie viewers. <br /> <br /> As a movie, I would have preferred it to be a complete documentary like The March of the Penguins, but I think the way it suffered, probably had the goal of warning us not to get in the way of nature, and that some things are simply not meant to be, and they should remain as such. Decent film that relied on the strength of chemistry between Bertille Noel-Bruneau and the multiple foxes played by Renard.
