THE FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest film by French filmmaker MARCH OF THE PENGUINS, Luc Jacquet. The film, which features only one human being in its cast, the young actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the story of a rather odd, albeit seemingly credible, relationship between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Part- Documentary about nature, and partly fairy tale, the film focuses on L'Infant, the girl, who on her way to school one day meets a wild fox in a picturesque setting, possibly in France, although the exact location is never mentioned. Over the next few weeks, the girl revisits the place where she found her fox with the hope that one of these days she will see that fox, whom she begins to call Lily, once again. And so on. The days become weeks, and then the summer disappears, becomes autumn and then winter, promises an excellent photograph of the immense white winter landscape. Over time, spring reappears, and the little girl finds her fox and, in fact, establishes a friendship with the animal. And so on. <br /> <br /> I had little or no expectation for THE FOX AND THE CHILD. I had seen MARCHO DE LOS PENGUINS and was simply amazed by the performance of the film contained in that film. Luc Jacquet is an enormously talented and, in fact, exceptional filmmaker, and he expected magnificent and impressive cinematography, panoramic views and brilliant recordings of the wild life. This was delivered in spades. But here, Jacquet has a credit for writing the screen, and since he did not know anything about the film before the screening, he expected something a little different from what had previously been seen in 'March'. A story of fiction. <br /> <br /> The child and the fox And the story is simple. A small girl, apparently lonely, lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and walks to school, apparently alone, every day, seemingly carefree in the seemingly perfect world. Without the insinuation of an adult in sight. Sparkly. So he befriends a fox. <br /> <br /> With a movie like this, you should discard your own opinion of the film and put yourself in the place of the target audience. This is a film that is aimed directly at children from the age of, say, six years or more. Or to families who want to go to the cinema with their race on a Sunday afternoon. There is a 31 year old man who has fun with movies like the recent, brilliant WANTED and the like. But, being the novice critic of London, I put myself in the shoes of an emotional eight-year-old girl for the 95 minutes of THE FOX AND THE CHILD. Now, I have some problems with this movie. As a 31 year old, and a loyal lover of everything cinematic, I loved the photography of the wildlife and the landscape. It is visually stunning. The direction of the animal characters runs brilliantly, as good as you will find in any of Attenborough's efforts. As a brief and impressionable attention spanning eight years, I loved the first half hour, then lost interest. It is a bit repetitive and in quite distressing and bloody places for a smaller child, especially the rather dark ending. As a 31 year old man, I was a little scared in some places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So, it's not a children's movie. It's not really an adult movie and I felt a bit disappointed. Is it a good family movie? It depends. Maybe it's educational, and the movie carries a message. Definitely not a movie that would pay for the green that cost me so much to win to go see it, and I am tormenting myself to try to recommend it to a certain type of spectator. It's difficult, but I know some will go and see and fall in love with this movie. It has a very European feel and, no doubt, if you are a fan of wildlife themed movies, give it a try. Unsafe? Well, I would wait for the DVD for a wet Sunday afternoon back then. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
