I really wanted to like this movie and I do not think I was very disappointed. Being a professor of American history, I almost felt compelled to watch this movie and, as far as the story goes, it was not bad. Of course there were some mistakes here and there (especially with the timeline: the film only lasted a few months or maybe a year, no more than six years of real fights), but the general spirit of the film and the battle The sequences were excellent Unfortunately, the film ALSO included a nonsensical secondary plot that involved a hard-to-believe romance between a poor patriot and a rich loyalist. For the most part, it really served to distract the attention from the general plot and simply seemed "added", as a plot device rather than a true romance honest to kindness. In fact, as much of the romance was reduced to the stupid "love at first sight" cliché, it was a bit annoying the more I think about it. <br /> <br /> However, despite this romance, the film is really interesting and inspiring. Also, in many ways, it seems that the movie much later, THE PATRIOT, was copied from this Griffith movie. Both films followed the exploits of an evil leader who fights for the British and uses horrible and evil tactics against civilians, and both have the secret intention of using this as a "springboard" to start their own nation in the United States! The only important difference is that this movie is set in the North and THE PATRIOT in the Carolinas. Surely it would have been nice if Mel Gibson and the rest had acknowledged their debt to D. W. Griffith for the ideas of the story. It just does not seem so likely that the two stories were created independently of one another. <br /> <br /> PS: Even though I like this movie and some of the other Griffith films, it deserves once again "Blaze in Hell" for having the white actors represent all the black servants in the film! This is a sick and intolerant thing that Griffith did in many of his films, especially in BIRTH OF A NATION. I have to assume that, according to this and the way he portrays the blacks, he was A-OK with slavery and was a great apologist for this "picturesque institution" (do not get mad at me, this is understood as sarcasm ).
