In 1930, Europe received a great shock when it launched 'L'Age Dor' by Luis Bunuel, which caused a riot in Paris when it was screened there, which resulted in its banning for about forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe had overcome the commotion, he once again turned to his ear with 'Ekstase', a symphony (of some kind) for love. The film was starred by a young and unknown German actress named Hedwig Kiesler, who would later change her name to Hedy Lamarr, when she moved to the United States to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler, as Eva, a young bride who has just marry a distant cold. husband without love (played by Emil Jerman), only to discover that she has made a big mistake. A divorce later, Eva is free and extravagant and one day goes swimming in a lake when she discovers Adam, a handsome young engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who takes pride in her (and her, him, him). After a wild night of passion, Eva's ex-husband appears once again, hoping to get Eva back, only to discover that he now has a rival. I will not spoil what transpires. The Czech director, Gustav Machaty (who directed the original screen version of 'Madam X', another parable in romantic obsession) directs a script by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty, from the novel by Robert Horky. The velvety cinematography of the film (which reminded me of Avant Garde's photographer, the photos from the time of Man Ray, which has a lot to do with the impressionistic use of light and shadow, a lot) is by Hans Androschin and Jan Stallich ). The energetic editing of the film is by Antonin Zelenka and the art direction of the films, which looks exuberant, almost Art Deco, is by Bohumil Hes). If I have any peculiarity about this film, it is the musical score, by Giuseppe Becce, which gives a melodramatic touch that becomes faster (certain themes are repeated again and again, wearing them is welcome, fast, something like the use excessive of certain musical themes of David Lean, especially in 'Lawrence Of Arabia' and 'Dr.Zhivago'). A few years ago, a new restored impression was composed of the best source material, assembled from several existing impressions in Europe, restoring it to what is possibly the version more similar to what it originally looked like before the Vatican condemned it as "decadent" (yes, of course ... as the Church never did anything wrong), and Hayes' office cut it into ribbons, when it was finally released in the US. UU in 1936, in a court approved by the "Office of Hayes" (likewise). Minimal dialogue in German with English subtitles (it was thought to be a mainly visual experience). Not qualified, but it contains that infamous thin and naked immersion scene of Hedy Lamarr (done with pleasure, of course) and some suggestions of sexual content (in the same way) that would hardly give her a PG-13 rating, nowadays . It's worth checking out if you have any interest in early European cinema, or in Avant Garde / Experimental cinema.
