['I can not comment on this film without discussing its meaning for me personally. As a child, poor health prevented me from going to the movies. The first time I found films at the end of the Second World War was through the splendid book &quot;Film&quot; by Penguin, by Roger Manvilles, who gave me so much pleasure that my health began to improve and I would like to buy another copy to read again today. My introduction to many classic films such as The Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (the magnificent documentary by Grierson), Metropolis, The Cabinet of Dr Caligari and Ecstasy; I went through this book first and then in my Art-house University cinema. Ecstasy had provoked the wrath of the Vatican, for approving Eva&#39;s defection of Emil, her subsequent divorce, and the brief bath she took in the amateur, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial matters and spoke of the film as a triumphant visual image. , amazingly beautiful. love - a view that many IMDb users echo. A very lonely young man, when I saw him, I volunteered. There were no more opportunities to see ecstasy emerge until the introduction of home videos: by then it had become a treasured memory not to be disturbed. Recently, I finally added Ecstasy to the collection of videos from my house and I found this evaluation very superficial. Ecstasy is much more a parable about the continuity of human existence, against which individual lives are insignificant, perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw in his aggressively agnostic writings used to call &quot;The Force of Life.&quot; <br /><br /> Ecstasy portrays a young bride who marries a middle-aged man whose sex drive is no longer strong. Disappointed, she returns home and divorces him. Soon after, she experiences a strong mutual attraction for a young man she knows while riding a horse. She makes love for the first time and it is an overwhelming experience. Her ex-husband can not face the rejection and gives the young man a push in his car with the intention that a passing train will kill them both at a level crossing. But the train stops in time and the apparently ill driver is taken to recover at a nearby hotel where he then commits suicide by shooting himself. After these exciting climaterial sequences, a soft, predictable and almost inevitable ending emphasizes that while individual human lives show both joy and tragedy, collective life continues to make us move forward in its current and only by contributing to this current can we be truly happy. This story is trivial, the performance is just adequate; and normally, such a movie would have disappeared in the trash, like most of his contemporaries, a long time ago. What has given Ecstasy its classic state is an exceptional cinematography, a continuous lyrical score and a very careful loving direction, along with something fortuitous but in cinematographic terms very important: it appeared just after the introduction of the sound and probably was planned as a silent movie. It is subtitled and its director has exploited the impact of short verbal sequences that accompany some subtitles, and sometimes breaks into the score that carries the film with such fondness. This makes it not only almost unique, but extremely rewarding to watch. The parable in the story is underlined continuously but so subtly that only by reflecting after seeing it, one becomes aware of it. For example, the names - Eva and Adam; Emil&#39;s obsessive behavior on his wedding night, which shows that trivialities have become the most important thing in his life and preach his possible suicide, since he has no adequate purpose to sustain it; the ongoing series of beautiful sequences that show erotic images (a bee pollinating a flower, a key that enters a lock, a necklace that breaks during the sequence of virginal love of Eve with Adam, etc.); and the final post-suicide sequences that could have been filmed in many different ways, but that serve to praise the importance of individuals doing some kind of work that contributes positively to the Society, as well as creating a new life to sustain this society after we ourselves Transmit. <br /><br /> As a 1933 film, I would rate this at 9, even comparing it with contemporary works, I would not reduce this below 8. For me, the film will always remain a &quot;must see&quot; (although you may feel that my background comments indicate something bias in this trial). Unfortunately in North America, contemporary evaluations of this film have been distorted by the extreme reaction of the 1930s to the very brief and relatively unimportant nude scene of Hedy Kiesler who had difficulty living in Hollywood (some critics, who they have clearly not seen such classic films as Hypocrites Hula, Back to God Country, Bird of Paradise or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB deMille, have mistakenly referred to this as the first appearance of a naked actress in a feature film) . This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the film would have been very different if the director had chosen to rewrite it. <br /><br /> Two more thoughts; First, it is a Czech film, released there in 1933. Its final message about the hard work that generates positive benefits for society must have seemed very shallow for its viewers when, a few years later, their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and was practically destroyed. At least two generations (I do not remember that these sequences were projected just after the war when I saw this movie for the first time, were they eliminated from the copy I saw then?). Secondly, for me, your main message today is that things of true beauty are often very transient, although your memory can stay with one for life. We should all be grateful that today some of them can be captured in the camera and see again at our convenience.']
