First, let's remove the "fuss" from the road. Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women and movies were a perfect medium for many to see their beauty on the screen. Here we have Hedy as a young newborn. 20 years old, he spoke in his native Austrian. I recently bought an uncensored 1990 version of this 1932/3 classic. Yes, we see a brief approach of Hedy naked from the waist up, but although she filmed the swimming scenes and fugitives of naked horses, the director Gustav Machaty uses the top of branches, reflections in puddles, medium and long shots to show it like this in this famous scene; so do not go imagining that there is some lewd approach or remorse. Her boyfriend, Pierre Nay, keeps his clothes on all the time. Yes, quite daring for its time, but how innocent it looks now through the eyes of 2003. <br /> As other learned criticisms have pointed out, this film must be examined by imaginary, expressionistic and allegorical images what it does with images of water droplets forming a wave on the surface of a pale water, agricultural machinery, landscapes, etc. The sweet sound strings extend for most of the length of "Extase" and the film has a "feel" of a transition between silence and sound in its direction and concept. The script is highly minimalist and economical. The story is mainly given through facial means and body gestures with a few words of German spoken by the actors with English subtitles below. Even these few words seem almost superfluous in the general lyrical vein that runs through the film. <br /> <br /> In short, this is the story of a girl who either marries a much older man (why is she never told and what Eva saw in him anyway? Money?) , who is trapped in a marriage without love and without love. Then he returns to his father after leaving his husband and his father has to lie to his son-in-law. After a ride on her horse, Eva decides to take a dip in the buff and loads her clothes on the saddle of her horse. However, his horse acquires romantic notions and moves away to greet his companion. He leaves the lake naked and tries to recover his mount, but an engineer at work sees and recovers the horse and looks for its owner. And that's how romance is born. Her husband, seeing that his rival must win Eva, later decides to shoot himself. but I thought that this was quite illogical and its main weakness considering its previous relationship without love with Eva. <br /> <br /> Despite being a reissue title on VHS in 1990, the sound is 70 years old, it is a bit soft and with crunchy background, in line with the films of its time. After a period The mourning period for our handsome boyfriend is obviously so enamored with Eva that he imagines her as a mother with a baby, so we must assume that they will live happily ever after. Just let the imaginary bathe you and disabuse your mind of the style of the movies. It is a lyrical piece that can be enyoyed for its own sake and not just for its striking title. I gave him 7/10.
