I can understand how the fans of the filmmaker Roman Polanski could love this movie, and I could understand how some could hate it completely (Ebert was one of the few who could not understand why people were not leaving the theater). After a first visit, I'm not sure I can fall into either of the two categories, however, as someone who never tires of Kafka and the strange dark comedies of paranoia, The Tenant is efficient enough to run. Or maybe not, this is one of those cases where it could have been more of a masterpiece had it been a half-hour episode in the Twilight Zone, with Serling delivering the coda as Terkovsky (or whoever ()) writhes in Your Bed in bandages. It is very similar in the treatment of the condemned protagonist as was Repulsion, however, one could argue that there was more ambiguity, more sensation of the surreal that arises through a sustained disintegration of character and location (and, frankly, better main performance) than the tenant. <br /> <br /> In its current form, The Tenant has an intriguing premise, of the kind one does not tire of telling other people: Polanski is a Polish émigré to Paris who takes an apartment that was recently acquired by Simone Choule, who jumped at her almost through the window and died shortly after. But the other tenants are conservative to the maximum in terms of noise; After a Saturday night in Terkovsky with some friends, there are complaints of too much noise. It will not happen again, says Polanski's good-humored but slightly nervous tenant, but there is no peace even when moving a cabinet or a chair. Soon complaints are recorded against another tenant, but from him? Can you register complaints? This is a case of not so much mistaken identity, but of lack of peace of mind with oneself and with the people around us. As the downward spiral progresses, Polanski increases the tension (and, dare I say, laughs at black comedies) by showing Terkovsky in the middle of a horrible dream, one of Polanski's strongest scenes of the time, and when finding teeth on the wall. , not to mention the bathroom on the other side (which, I must add, is always a cinematic meeting point of horror and surreal madness). <br /> <br /> But somehow, the movie never feels so significant aside because of its excessive design as a possible mental machine, and Terkovsky's tenants seem not to be what they seem for a while: there's So much suspense to discover that they really are not up to the task. He, which makes paranoia more self-fulfilling. At least once or twice I also thought "why did Polanski take the lead role for himself?" Not that he is a bad actor, and has appeared in several movies and plays that are not his own. But aside from being great at looking clumsy and tense, like at church, or at his flirting moments when he thinks they're really trying to kill him, his transformation is less creepy than ironic. , a test of himself to see if he can achieve it, which he does not do at all. Although Polanski did well to look like Tereksky, a meek and exhausted, I could see at least some other actors who could do it with more subtlety and affecting the personality. The moment you see him crawl, he goes between a worthy and real field, especially when he goes to the double climax at the end (which, of course, is not surprising). <br /> <br /> And yet, it's a pleasure for the movie fan and for the Polanski fan to see the supporting cast try and delve into the much more ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas make this the best way, even when they have to draw limited characters). Unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani get hot and heavy during a Bruce Lee movie, or when he gets really drunk, or in an almost random scene where he hits a child near a fountain, they are pretty bright themselves same. It's a very good movie, and one that might get my attention when I drink too many coffees after midnight. But an essential movie? Not quite.
