This was the second time I saw the film (through the French version instead of the first one, which was dubbed in Italian) and I think it improves in later presentations. <br /> <br /> It is convincing if it is built slowly. The study of characters is very well filmed and the Parisian configuration is equally impressive. In the long run, it's not first class. Polanski and I would classify him at number 9 in his filmography, but it's still a sure mix of subtle chills and, surprisingly, often broad comedy. He also has a fine cast, all of whom are in good shape, but especially Isabelle Adjani, Melvyn Douglas and Jo Van Fleet. <br /> <br /> Even so, I am a little puzzled by the sudden compulsion by Trelkovsky to 'change' in the previous tenant; Apart from the owner of the cafe in front of the apartment building, where he is given what Simone used to have without asking him if he wanted something different, there is little to indicate (as far as I could discern) that this is what everyone wanted from him! Okay, then he discovered that Simone's belongings were still in the apartment, but what was it that led him to wear his clothes and take care of her (although apparently he started doing it unconsciously)? Following his nightmarish visions in the bathroom, the last section of the film (where almost all Adjani disappears) is almost anti-climactic, especially in the scene where the owner and the other tenants are witnessing his suicide attempt as if it were a Night at the Opera. , a concept that had already been used 46 years earlier by Jean Cocteau in THE BLOOD OF A POET (1930)! <br /> <br /> The ending, then, is both predictable and unresolved: just what it did to the two occupants. Does this particular apartment jump out the window?!; I remember that this factor bothered me also in the first visualization, and I regret to say that now it is not clearer! Of course, the first two thirds of the film are quite solid, but I would like Polanski to have depended less on the dark plot points at all times.
