One thing that I am sure that all who have seen this movie will agree is that it is very creepy. The other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are also spooky, but they are all different in what makes them scary, but they are all about the same, they all deal with the mind. Definitely people who stare are very creepy, each of them sent chills down my spine that made me unable to sit still. Again, if you have seen the other two films mentioned, I am sure that this will seem quite creepy, because you start to expect the typical Polanski traits that you think you have captured, he is aware of this and will continue to bother you. with simple things, personally, every time Trelkovsky turned slowly I prepared for a jump, maybe it's just me, but I had the intention to do that, although it was quite subtle, there is no accumulation of music in those moments. <br /> <br /> The acting in this was quite good, mainly Polanski, of course, the other characters in the film do not have much time to outshine the leadership. Polanski really demonstrates himself as a great complete filmmaker, not only can he direct and write great films, but he can also act. I do not think there is another better person who could have achieved the character of Trelkovsky, Polanski was perfectly established. I like watching movies where the director is also part of the main cast, for me he really highlights his fantastic versatility and talent, which I respect a lot. <br /> <br /> One thing I did not like about this movie is how it was done in English. For those who do not know, this is a French film, financed by the United States and, in addition, to make it more commercially successful, it was mainly done in English. There are parts in which it is very obvious that there has been dubbing, and I do not know why it is, but 3/4 of the time, when there is a dubbing, they make the completely wrong person do the dubbing. There is a woman in the film who when she speaks is obviously a dub, but they got the most annoying person to do the voiceover, it was a great pain for my ears to hear her speak, I had the loudest voice. Some time ago I heard that it almost seemed false, but I do not understand what it was, it was a rather small character. Honestly, I would prefer that they leave it as it was filmed, parts of it in French and parts of it in English, because the dubbing in this movie was a pain and it was not close (two completely different movies, I know) the high level of another movie that did something similar, which was, The good, the bad and the ugly. I realize that it is not a big problem, only when you realize it, it becomes annoying, but I'm sure you will not sit there for a long time trying to read what they are really saying, regardless of whether you know French. <Br /> <br /> The wonderful thing about Polanski is that he will make you believe that you know him, that you know his style, what in some aspects you do, but in reality you can not see what is behind that corner. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two films mentioned, which I think really strengthens this one in particular. Personally I think this is the best of the three, I'm not sure what comes next, but they are all relatively close in their level of greatness. The ending is fantastic, it is very easy to decrease it for a long time to get anywhere. I choose not to think too much about that, just to have my personal opinion and leave it that way. <br /> <br /> I was wrong, and I really have not given any idea what makes this movie so great, I do not think so, so I'll quickly do it here. If you liked Repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee you will enjoy this movie at least. For those who are too unfortunate to have seen them, I recommend that you watch this movie if you are looking for something that is quite creepy, that is quite intelligent, especially the end, and also that they look for something that has to do with the mind. Even paranoia, although that fits better with Repulsion.
