The westerns of Anthony Mann with Jimmy Stewart are slowly gaining for that director a position with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best film director in that genre. No doubt he knows how to give dimension to good boy Stewart. In the Mann films, there is an advantage for Jimmy that is slowly shown to the audience. In WINCHESTER '73, it was Stewart's relationship with his brother and the way he makes him a revenge figure. Here is a "I only trust myself" attitude, which leads to one complication after another. Even before the movie starts correctly, he (like Jeff Webster) kills two of his contracted cowboys who were helping out on a cattle trip to Seattle because of some dispute (we never got it clear, whether they wanted to leave the vehicle or I did not try to steal the cattle). <br /> <br /> Find your party in Skagway, the port you have to reach to take your flock to Dawson. The Skagway boss is a supposed lawman named Gannon (John McIntyre) who remembers the real boss of Skagway in the "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would have become as sordid as Gannon by turning every opportunity into an opportunity to earn some money. Stewart's herd interrupted a public suspension, so (as a penalty fine) the herd is confiscated (to be later sold to Gannon's benefit). <br /> <br /> Stewart is a partner of Ben (Walter Brennan, who oddly won his last Oscar as judge Roy Bean). They are also joined by Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and also meet two women, the sophisticated Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and the friendly and helpful Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but she had previously helped Jeff run away from authorities in Seattle. However, she has an attitude similar to "I only trust myself" with Jeff. She offers him a job to get supplies for her to Dawson. He, Ben and Rube go but at night (while others are asleep) they return and steal their cattle. Renee follows them and warns them that Gannon and his associates are following them. Jeff holds Gannon long enough for the herd of cattle to cross the Canadian border, although Gannon points out that since Jeff has to return through Skagway, Gannon can wait until he hangs up. <br /> <br /> The reunited party of Rhonda and Jeff was divided in the way to take to Dawson, and Jeff chose a longer and sure route. After demonstrating that he is right, they go their way and arrive at Dawson only to discover that there is an element without law that threatens the community due to the gold fields. The herd is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee begin the survey. Soon there are two groups in the city of Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson want to build a decent city. But the Mounties will not set up a station in Dawson for months. The other, centered around the "dancehall" led by Rhonda, is in connivance with Gannon, who has a vast plan of jumping of claims with his gang of gunmen (Robert J. Wilke: really scary in a sequence with Chubby Johnson and Jay C Flippen, Jack Elam, and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to stay away from both, and go with his new wealth and Ben for a ranch they want in Utah. But will they get there? And will Jeff remain neutral? <br /> <br /> The performances are excellent here, including Stewart as a man who is willing to face all concerned, but otherwise it would be peaceful enough. Brennan is playing with one of his old patented coders, whose love for good coffee has unexpectedly bad results. Flippen is a drunkard at first, but tragedy and responsibility put him in a better mood, and one who has the opportunity to verbally stab Stewart in the heart using Stewart's own words against him. McIntyre would achieve stardom on television at WAGON TRAIN replacing Ward Bond, but his work in the Mann films shows his skills as a villain (as his opportunist tradesman who excels at WINCHESTER '73). He is, as it is said in another part of this thread, very bad, but he has a sense of humor. Román is an interesting mix of opportunist and human being, whose destiny is determined by his best feelings. And Calvert is both a voice of conscience and a frontier "Gigi" aware that she is more than a girl, but a woman in the making. <br /> <br /> The best of all is the backdrop of the Canadian Rockies: as wonderful in its own way as the use of Monument Valley by John Ford. Mann did a first class job directing this film, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
