This is mainly a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and the Castle of Ronda (Ruth Roman). She takes an instant liking to Jeff in a brief encounter on the steam deck of Skagway, and a longer look when she hides in her cabin while the authorities look for him on the murder charge. They discover that they have some things in common besides an animal attraction. No one trusts a member of the opposite sex, apparently because both have been married to spouses who deceived them. Gradually, they learn to trust each other as they travel from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda clearly has close dealings with corrupt Sheriff Gannon and participates in some murky practices in his Castle room on Skagway. She finally has to decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a young naive French girl, also likes Jeff right away, but in return she only receives insults. However, she stays with him on his trips from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Along with Ronda, she nurses him back to health after Jeff is killed by Gannon's gunmen in his gold claim. Walter Brennan, like Ben, is Jeff's long-time partner. He does not have a substantial role, but it serves to soften Jeff's hard edges. His demise symbolically opens the door for a partner to replace Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntire (as Sheriff Gannon) makes him probably the most charismatic villainous villain he has ever seen in the film, lagging charm and humor. along with your intimidation. Evidently, he sees something of himself in Jeff, repeatedly declaring that he will like it. He makes a credible incarnation of the infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway, as one of the best swindlers of his time. <br /> <br /> Jeff is the anti-hero par excellence, a loner (with the exception of a fellow Ben), who does not want to stick his neck out for others, even when he knows he's the right man for the job. In this sense, it is very similar to the character of Burt Lancaster in "Vera Cruz", for example. Therefore, Jeff not only rejects Dawson's commissioner's job, but is convinced to leave Dawson after the Gannon gang moves in with clear intentions to take over the under-legal gold claims of all, while get rid of some miners and suggest that the rest hurry. Departure from Dawson. Even Ronda suggests that she and Jeff rush out of Dawson while they're still alive. Then, Jeff has a sudden change of heart, apparently still nursing the desire for revenge for the murder of Ben and himself. Change from antihero to hero to lead the expulsion of Gannon's Dawson gang. In this sense, it differs from Lancaster's character, who never reforms (but does Jeff really change, or is he simply distributing revenge for mistakes made against his own interests?) <br /> <br /> The main problem I see with the plot They are the 2 women of the beginning. Clearly, Ronda is prepared as the right woman to tame Jeff. Although she is clearly characterized as a "bad" girl, Jeff has a recent checkered past, shot at least 5 men in the US. UU Or Yukon, and he stole Gannon's cattle. Ironically, shortly after Jeff changes from antihero to hero, Rhonda makes a similar change in running to the street to warn Jeff of the impending ambush. As a result, she dies and Jeff asks her why she did not take care of herself (her supposedly just abandoned her creed!). <br /> <br /> It is clear that Corine Calvert, like Renee, simply does not succeed. A credible substitute for the Dead Round, in Jeff's mind. However, the apparent implication of the farewell scene is that they come together, although Jeff never gives him a kiss or a visible hug. Her image as a good woman, though naive, is somewhat compromised by her work on the Rhonda salmon of the miners who weigh their gold dust, pushing the dust spilled on the ground and recovering it later. Nor am I very clear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged miner who follows her and works with her. (He is not his father). <br /> <br /> Another problem is the amateur handling of The Shooting Between Jeff and the Gannon Gang. If Gannon had any skill with a gun, he should have killed or seriously hurt Jeff under that boardwalk, before Jeff did the same to him. And how was it that Jeff's ill-disposed right hand suddenly became well enough to shoot a gun with apparent ease? I also wonder what Jeff and his friends did to help save the victims of the avalanche. They were too far away to get them alive from under the snow. And why were not most of Ronda's pack horses and mules buried by the avalanche? <br /> <br /> You will see a lot of probably anonymous but familiar faces between the miners and the Gannon gang. The sequences taken in the Canadian Rockies provide an impressive backdrop for the action. In general, a very entertaining western, with most of the major faults concentrated at the end. Undoubtedly, this film takes some great liberties with history and geography, especially, the part that takes place in the Canadian Yukon, which in fact was much more moderate than the American Skagway.
