Fascinating drama, with a script by William Mastrosimone based on his theatrical work, in which Farrah Fawcett plays Marjorie, attacked in his car by the rapist Joe (James Russo). She manages to escape, but the police inform her that there is nothing they can do. However, she realizes that Joe got his wallet and knows where he lives. When his housemates Pat (Alfre Woodard) and Terry (Diana Scarwid) are at work, Joe visits him to finish what he started. After Joe humiliates and degrades her in a variety of ways, she has the opportunity to counterattack and imprison him. Knowing very well that he is in another situation of "his words against his own" and that a rape did not technically take place, he has no intention of taking it calmly until he confesses to Pat and Terry what his intentions were. <br /> <br /> The movie finally amounts to a confrontation between his two opponents. As she progresses, Marjorie shows such cruelty that one has to wonder if he has not become as deranged as his nemesis. Fawcett does a sufficiently creditable job, while Russo is truly excellent as the depraved who does everything possible to manipulate the situation. With only two characters on screen for much of the execution time, the film has an intimate character that suggests it would work even better on stage. Director Robert M. Young does not shy away from the ugliest and most exploitative elements of the situation; The movie becomes uncomfortable to watch sometimes. And when Marjorie has the advantage, things change enough so that it is no longer so easy to encourage her to look for blood, and one hopes that Pat can make her see reason. <br /> <br /> "Extremities", I felt, was a pretty good movie that at least kept the interest and a fairly high intensity level. Woodard and Scarwid are well supported (Scarwid has a great time in which Terry reveals herself as a rape victim), and the pace is constant. Of course, the dialogue is not always very clear, but the material is convincing every step of the way. <br /> <br /> 8/10
