EXTREMITIES is the disturbing but fascinating screen version of a work by William Mastriosimone (who adapted his own screen play) about a woman who is attacked in her car one night by a possible rapist on her way home and he terrorizes when he realizes that the man got his bag and knows where he lives. After her roommates go to work the next day, the guy shows up at her house and tries to rape her. The story takes a surprising turn when, in a moment, the woman turns the man over and can defeat him; but when he realizes that there is no way to prove the attempted rape and if the man is arrested, he will simply leave, she decides to keep him prisoner in the house until he can confess. Improbable? Perhaps. Disturbing? Definitely, but there is a wonderfully claustrophobic feeling in this movie, especially in the central part with only the woman and her attacker, that you can not help feeling completely part of what is happening. I did not see the play on Broadway, but I imagine that a piece like this works better on stage, but that does not make this movie a less fascinating experience. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses who played the role on Broadway, received the role of Marjorie in the film version and offers a tense and poignant performance as the victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics felt that Fawcett's performance was one-note, but for me, Marjorie is a woman completely numbed by what has happened and the interpretation works for me. James Russo, in the course of his career, is slobbery and threatening as the possible rapist who finds Marjorie a much greater challenge than he assumed. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid co-star as Marjorie's roommates, who return home after Marjorie has beaten the man and tied him up and put him in the fireplace on arrival. And it is the arrival of the roommates that takes the story to an unexpected level because they did not see what we saw happen by Marjorie and, therefore, they think that I should call the police and let them take care of the guy. It's not for the faint of heart, but if you can handle it, a thrilling movie experience anchored by a lead performance that will surprise you.
