This revision owes its existence in its entirety to a revision. We take a weekly TV magazine to see what is coming, and we decide what we will see. Obligingly, there are brief reviews of most of the films scheduled to be shown on the five main terrestrial channels. In addition to prose, each film is assigned a rating of 1 to 5 stars. 5 means Do not miss (above 4 for Excellent!), Up to 1 for Poor. We have learned from the vast experience that, with few exceptions, stars are awarded for taste, rude language, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood and guts, and especially for killing heroin / heroin when everyone was about to live happy after. (If that is not done, the movie is called "predictable": the worst insult imaginable!) <br /> <br /> Brave New Girl received only 1 star, suggesting he was a worthy candidate of our Time and attention. This was confirmed by the reviewer's description of the film as "a truly awful story" and "Stupid, just stupid." We saw it, and my wife and I were glad we did it. The reviewer of the television magazine also affirmed that the film "was not a reworking of War and Peace", with which we have to agree. Upon reading the reviews of this title one or two days later, the need to raise my pen (so to speak) to add my halfpennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable) to the uninitiated) became overwhelming <br /> <br /> Why did we go to this movie? Well, it's just a matter of taste. We like attractive characters, credible relationships between them, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, the triumph of good over evil, etc. We liked the integrity and personalities of Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mom (Virginia Madsen), Ditz (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and the two male teachers involved in the story. So, what if the story includes a 'wicked witch from the west' in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), as long as she plays the role with some conviction? We appreciate the friendship represented between the two roommates, one of whom has an education economically challenged by a single loving mother, and the other has all the material advantages but receives little time and affection from the parents. Is it any wonder that Ditz felt like her about Holly's mom? Is it surprising that Grant should immediately take an interest in Holly, considering the manner of their initial meeting, Holly's dazzling smiles, and her lively self-possession? I think these issues and events are credible enough, but it is necessary to pretend that scholarship and other circumstances are realistic so that history has an environment. <br /> <br /> My wife and I are very blessed for not having any meaningful music education. This allows us to enjoy the sounds produced by instruments and voices without our critical faculties interfering unduly with our listening and, therefore, ruining the experience. We enjoyed both classical and pop pieces, which worked well on television, and we were not surprised by any lack of talent. Also, it did not matter that Holly's classic voices were dubbed by someone else. <br /> <br /> We enjoy the movie enough to search for a DVD. The average delivery price we have paid per disc for the films in our collection is currently £ 4.9484 (rounded to four decimals). Brave New Girl was available from a trusted Amazon Marketplace provider for £ 1.3516 (rounded to four decimal places) above this figure. Such a purchase would increase the average. Why should I resent, this is a mystery to me, but it is a testament to our enjoyment of this movie that we placed an order anyway. I have awarded this movie 7 stars out of ten, after having attached one for the enthusiasm for the reception of the presentations by the public, one for the advertising of Britney and another for something else that I can not remember at this time. (In case it has not fallen, this revision is a hymn to celebrate the use of brackets).
