The penultimate collaboration between director Anthony Mann and star James Stewart (excluding the few days that Mann worked on Night Passage before saying goodbye to the star in less than friendly circumstances), The Far Country belies its overall appearance to offer another portrait of a bitter man dragged reluctantly to his own redemption, fighting every step of the way. This time he is a cattle driver whose response to work problems (challenging the troublesome cowboys in a gunfight at the end of the road) causes his cattle to be confiscated by John McIntire's larceny judge from Roy Bean's law and order school . By stealing them back and taking them across the Canadian border, he is soon involuntarily involved in the growing conflict between the seekers and the judge, while cheating them or killing them for their claims ... <br /> <br /> Although not It is thus a big surprise how Stewart turns at the end, he is a surprisingly insensitive bug on the road, even using his desire to stay alone to apologize to a group of seekers for an impending avalanche when he has the opportunity because it is not his problem. . For most of the movie, there's only a bit of width between him and McIntire, something the judge immediately recognizes, reveling in the company of a kindred spirit, even when planning to linearize it. In many ways, the people of the town who trust him probably also recognize him, despite his appeals to his best dead and buried nature, there is a tacit acknowledgment that the only person who can face the judge is someone as bad as him. . he is. <br /> <br /> As usual in Mann, there is an exceptional use of the locations of the high countries, although for once the final showdown takes place on a level plane, and the film is almost perfectly projected with the strong support of Walter Brennan. Harry Morgan and Ruth Roman (although the romantic interest of Corinne Calvert deviates to irritation). Unfortunately, the great Canadian Rockies filmmaking is done with few favors thanks to a clearly average DVD transfer, with only the theatrical trailer as an extra.
