This first-rate western tale of the gold rush brings great excitement, romance and James Stewart to the screen. "The Far Country" is the only one of Stewart-Mann's five westerns that is often overlooked. Stewart, once again, gives a new look to the ever-present personalities he had in the five Stewart-Mann westerns. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is indifferent, always taking care of himself, that's why he is surprised when people are kind and kind to him. Ironically, he carries a bell in his saddle without which he will not travel. This shows that he could take care of only one person: his partner, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, since Tatum is the one who gave it to him. Mann, once again, puts a new look at the ever present personalities that he put into the five Stewart-Mann westerns. It shows violence, emotion, twists in the plot, romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, end up in the city of Dawson to get rich quickly, along with their gold partners Calvet and Flippen, and Roman is not good, but beautiful, and his men hired . They can not leave, because the crooked bailiff, Mr. Gannon (McIntire) and his "agents" will hang them, since the only way out is through Skagway, which is the city of Gannon. But, finally, McIntire comes to them, but not to charge Stewart and / or his fine that he supposedly owes to the government. What is McIntire for? He is there to cheat the miners of their claims and money. The people are killed. A sheriff of Dawson is considered necessary, and Calvet chooses Stewart because he is good with a weapon. Stewart, however, rejects the job because he plans to get all the gold he can and then retire. He also rejects it because he does not like to help people, since law and order always cause someone to be killed. Then, Flippen is chosen instead. A miner is killed because he tries to confront one of Gannon's men, an elegant and evil and mustachioed gunman named Madden, who carries two weapons, played by Wilke. Flippen tries to arrest Madden and see that justice is done, but he can not face it, so he becomes the drunkard of the city. A man named Yukon replaces Flippen. Stewart and Tatum begin to retreat, but are ambushed by Gannon's men. Tatum is killed, and Stewart is wounded. Stewart finally realizes that he must do something, or Gannon will take over Dawson, establish his own rules and become his city, just like Skagway. The public also realizes what Stewart must do. Another thing that the public realizes is that Stewart is the only thing that stands between the townspeople and Gannon. If Stewart leaves, Gannon would take over the city. If Stewart stays and continues doing nothing about it, the townspeople will be killed one by one without mercy and useless. This is where a great scene occurs. Stewart enters his cabin. He has a sling in his arm. For a few seconds, his gun, in his belt, hangs from a pole beside his bed, the gun is near, Stewart is at the bottom, just inside the door. He looks at it for a few seconds. He throws the sling away. The sling falls on the back of a chair and falls to the ground. This is symbolic, because he is wasting his old life, which consisted in not worrying about anyone but himself. He enters his new life, to help people when they need help. What ends with the film is a furious show of fury against evil and a genuine feeling that everything will be fine.
