Definitely spoilers in this review! I adore ** the American Gothic and I have done it since the first time I saw him late at night, when he first aired on Ch4 in the UK when he was 14 years old. The comparisons with Stephen King are almost correct. It's a supernatural little city, but with fantastic characters in layers. Best of all, and the reason I love it, is that it had the guts to never be black and white. Lucas Buck, although he lacks conscience, often works, as he says, giving people enough rope to hang themselves. Its manipulation only works because of other people's weak morals. Caleb, although generally a thoughtful, kind and insightful child can sometimes show the latent dark side inherited from his father. None of the characters is completely good or bad, even with the angelic Merlyn showing an angry side through reckless revenge on The Plague Sower. Not only that, but having Gail, the closest thing to a mother figure for Caleb, not only sleeping with Lucas but falling in love with Lucas despite everything he knows, made me realize that this show would only go there and not be I would apologize for that. I'm a big fan of Buffy, but when that show tried to become really "dark" in recent seasons, it failed miserably because it lost its comic side and did not fully commit to its ideas. AG shows that you can have a morally bankrupt character right in the center of the program, and still you can laugh a lot doing it. <br /> <br /> I can not even think about why it was canceled because 'I'll just get mad at the ridiculousness of all this. So much garbage on television and good original programs are kicked and stamped. Thanks to the appearance of the DVD, at least I can see the program in its entirety! Yes, some of the images seem outdated now, but the story lines provide a strange and spooky atmosphere. All actors also offer interpretations so perfect that more than compensates for the strange camera work. <br /> <br /> The only reason why I think someone does not like this show is that it is not like the X- files in which there are cases to 'solve' or Lost where there are huge unanswered questions. It's pretty obvious from the start that Lucas Buck has some kind of evil powers, and that the program tries to fight for Caleb's soul. Therefore, this program could frustrate people seeking a purpose or an unknown "truth" to find. Yes, there are some mysterious aspects without answers, with some like the truth about Gails parents being solved, but unlike Lost and X-files, this program does not try to find out more "facts" about what's happening in the IMO. It's about the characters and the way they have to face the moral choices in the twisted world of the Trinity. Personally, I would love to see Lucas take advantage of every situation. <br /> <br /> In general, the main thing I have to say is CHECK IT OUT. I'm pretty sure that most fanatics of fantasy and terror will LOVE it. Also although it was canceled, all the characters have bows and there is enough in the end to give a small sense of closure. The only hanging thread I felt was Dr. Matt. Having it not being in the final episodes is strange. <br /> <br /> I would have done anything for a second season, but there are at least 22 full episodes and, perhaps, considering how embarrassed some TV executives seem to be, I should be glad that it was done this wonderful show! !
