This time, Blackadder is no longer real (he's not even close to being) ... instead, he's a butler of the Prince Regent, played by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerny, whose presence is very strange, and that hole it never fills ... his character had an innocent charm ... even though he was an imbecile and complete imbecile, we can not stop caring for him, which is not at all true for his replacement) for being intolerably Daft (which apparently was, according to the Trivia page), not to mention the high voice and absolutely non-threatening. Edmund can now do what he pleases, and he does. Why are you so frustrated and angry (honestly, sometimes it becomes depressing)? Yes, his master is a buffoon, they always are. He does not seem to lack money, nor is he in danger. In the second series, the queen was naughty and childish, and would cut off someone's head, or marry them, on a whim. Here there is simply never enough at stake for any of the conflicts to be exciting and interesting. There are still comments and even a little satire. All too often, it seems as if they thought the story was funny enough by itself, so they just rethought it, without bothering to turn the facts into jokes or jokes. And I can not tell you how many of them I discovered before they ended, literally over a minute. It is not usually positive when the auction line is known before it is delivered. Baldrick has not changed since last season ... he is still quite pathetic and stupid, which leads to "silly" humor. Frankly, the amount goes through the roof. Do not make me start with the disgusting things. Sarcastic and verbal ingenuity can still be great, although much less than before. I would say that about half of the episodes were quite funny and quite funny, while the other three did not involve me at all. I was disappointed at how predictable some of the plots and developments were ... I could see that many of them would come a mile away. Some of the material is too hard to be fun and ends up being incredibly forced. This continues with the tradition initiated by "II" of letting the plans work occasionally. The theme is the worst of the group, the credit sequences are the least creative. All in all, this is by far my least favorite of the four. I recommend it to fans of the franchise and British comedy in general. 7/10
