Just saying you have a movie about John Holmes is a guarantee to put some people in front of the screen, but writer / director James Cox offers much more. A "Rashamon" from the sordid Hollywood scene, the film divides the Murder of Wonderland of July 1981 through a variety of angles (and movies), but mostly through the weasel brain filter by John Holmes . In a movie full of bad guys, Holmes is the vilest, the most pathetic or both. Several versions of the story emerge and merge as Cox flashes cuts and twists of titles in the midst of effects and emotions. The dialogue is quick and naturalistic and never once sounds false. While the film takes place two years after Holmes had fallen out of porn and turned into a truly malicious depravity fueled by drugs, Kilmer relentlessly exudes a sexuality so intense that it can be measured in inches. This sexuality at its edges creates a sense of foreboding that hovers over the entire movie almost as strongly as the violence at its center. These murders are the object of ridicule throughout the film, although they are never clearly shown, even in the climax, although their violence relentlessly infuses the entire image and a lot of blood is splashed through the walls and photos of the film. crime scene. Once again, Val Kilmer as Holmes shows that he can act better than anyone who works. Strutting, shrinking, boasting or begging, Kilmer is constantly in his character and the character is constantly a fascinating car accident. Outstanding performances with Kilmer definitely include Ted Levine as the lead policeman in the investigation and Lisa Kudrow as Holmes' estranged wife. The trio of criminals with whom Holmes finds himself includes the dreadful Josh Lucas, the always interesting Timothy Blake Nelson and the utterly unrecognizable Dylan McDermott in a pivotal role as the teller of another version of the murders. Cox suggests that no matter how much we learn about Wonderland, there is always a worst possible version, but looking through the debauchery that surrounds it is much more fascinating than understanding the truth.
