Unfortunately, in cases like these, there are so many conflicting stories, since everyone tries to blame others that it is almost impossible to get a clear picture of what really happened. This movie is a victim of such circumstances. The writers (many of them) have decided to take ALL the stories and deliver them to the audience to allow them to decide which version of the truth they like the most. As in the case of real life, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the audience is left with a general feeling of not being fulfilled (such as coffee without caffeine or sex without a climax). People who are not generally frustrating and make you wonder why someone did not research before publishing. At least promote your movie as a fiction if that is what it amounts to (and this does). <br /> <br /> That does not mean there are not some great performances here. Kilmer (like Holmes) plays an outstanding role in bringing something of humanity to what is otherwise an unpleasant character. Kilmer, and the lovers and real-life friends who consulted about the film, let the audience see a selfish human being with problems that, although his faults were many and great, he was loved and cared for by many people (except him same). Kudrow, as Holmes's wife, only gives a glimpse of the dramatic actress that can be, but it is a very remarkable and unforgettable flash. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as it could have been and needed to show more internal conflict to give credibility to what finally happened between Dawn and Holmes (she delivered it 6 months after they fled to Florida). Bosworth's apple action on the cheek is both annoying, sometimes moving, but it shows nothing of the spine that the real Schiller must have possessed. The other characters fade into the wood, which is a pity. Lucas is a great performer who could have sunk his teeth in this role if it had developed for him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable in his role as a drug trafficking motorist. <br /> <br /> The failure of this film does not reside in this cast, but in the writing. Too many cooks spoil the soup, and this kettle, full of so much promise, finally leaves you hungry. The story and the characters may have been less than compassionate, but in which movie of this kind are they not? Other films, such as the 1989 pharmacy cowboy, starring Matt Dillon (who was asked to take on this role and refused) worked on a similar theme and mastered it to such an extent that he felt a kinship with the main character at the end of the film despite what he had done. Van Sandt could have given some lessons to James Cox and his team. If someone had bothered trying to find the truth, this would have been an intriguing story. As it is, you will find the WADD documentary that accompanies it most pleasantly (on the 2 disc DVD) and much more informative. You will notice the DVD that Holmes was not a bad guy, but he is not very good either ... as most people are.
