John Holmes is so famous, he is infamous (as the Three Friends would say). This is a story similar to Rashomon about the events surrounding the Wonderland Murders of the early 1980s, in Los Angeles. The story is united from the narration of some of the participants. There is a story from the perspective of a friend, namely, David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is a participant in the robbery assault at Eddie Nash's place (Eddie Nash is an infamous drug dealer, and is supposed to be the same character as Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights) and is very involved in the drug scene. There is the perspective of John Holmes (played by Val Kilmer), which makes him a pawn trapped between two kings (with a serious case of cocaine cravings). There are also the mosaic memories of John's wife (Sharon, played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn, played by Kate Bosworth) that fill the gaps between the two stories. Basically it's the same period of time we're looking at, just the version of each character. The only thing missing is the perspective of the dead. <br /> <br /> Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights portrays John Holmes as a slightly heroic character, with a tragic but comic karma. It is a caricature of a real person. He was more or less, a confused child who got what he got through his "great" endowment. The director James Cox turns off the comedy and turns this episode of John's life into a nightmare for all of us who are watching. The details of the real-life murders make this movie even stranger. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer took what he knew from Jim Morrison of The Doors, improved the performance for the Salton Sea, and then improved it even more for Bring us the deterioration of John Holmes through cocaine. All the actors make very realistic portraits of cocaine addicts. The performance of Josh Lucas stands out as one of the best in the film. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character is supposed to be the same as the character of Thomas Jane of Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the gang, he loved having John Holmes as a novelty and a craving for cocaine as sharks enjoy blood. Cocaine use seems so realistic as to make people think. Did you really use Splenda? <br /> <br /> Where Boogie Nights has a gum feel (a lot of color and nostalgia for the 70s), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, with many jumps. It is twitchy and grainy. There is no comedy, only an endless rhythm, as if the director was trying to get us on top of the nervous and nervous cocaine to make us feel what the characters feel. This is a graphic movie. It has one of the most violent scenes I've seen in a movie. Actually, it shows the murders in themselves (through the eyes of John Holmes at the beginning and then from a third person perspective). It's so graphic that it looks like a police proof of a crime. I had to stop after this scene and remind myself that this was just a movie. This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those interested in the other sides of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Rehabilitation of celluloids
