Lately I have become accustomed to buy any interesting DVD that launches the company Criterion. I imagine that even if I do not like the film, Criterion usually provides enough additional material to compensate for any deficiency in the real movie. I read about them and buy the ones that interest me the most. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my last purchase, and I must say that I was not disappointed with the movie. It is cheerful, fun and romantic. Everything is quite excellent. The songs are wonderful. If I understood French, I would probably hum and sing them all day. The acting is very good for this type of movies. The American musicals of the classic Hollywood era were based more on song and dance than on the real characters and history, but in Le Million, the characters are quite well developed and the story, although not impressive, is not lacking you are welcome. I loved the development of relationships, especially the relationship between the best friends, Michel and Prosper. The romantic moments are also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with several very memorable moments. Probably the most perfect scene in the movie happens right after the main couple has an argument. They hide on the stage of an opera performance, and the opera singers sing the lines that the couple, Michel and Beatrice, interpret to their own situation. This is definitely one of the highest points in the history of cinema. The scene managed to make me laugh, win me with a very sweet romance and make me smile at how smart the director was. I give this movie a 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in the Criterion as me and who is planning to buy it. Among the Criterion discs that I now have, Le Million contains the least amount of functions. All he has is a gallery of photos (not so useful, one could browse through it once) and a rare television interview with Rene Clair, the director. This piece is of some interest. He was one of the many directors who had started in silent movies, and when the talkies first appeared, he said they represented the death of the movie. I think most people who are knowledgeable about cinema understand what these directors meant when they said that, but it's interesting to hear it explained. Also, if you have read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, keep in mind that you made a mistake in one important aspect: you do not sing all the lines of the movie. In fact, it does not contain more songs than a regular musical. It's actually much more like a movie by Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. My reviews of the album are not that important. Hell, Criterion has the right to hit me for making those complaints. The fact is that his people probably spent hundreds of hours fixing a movie whereby only 20 people (now 21!) Have voted in favor, and only about a hundred people, if ever, will see the movie. If you look at the Criterion website, Le Million is nowhere to be found. I have no idea why not. It's something they really should be proud of (of course, their website is surprisingly horrible). They did a good job in this movie. Bravo! They deserve all the money I can bear to give them!
