It is said that David Lynch's films and shorts will not attract everyone. Neither will Dumbland, maybe more than ever. I have a feeling that Dumbland, when people find it, will be a true brand of "I understand" or "What the hell". It is not surrealism exactly, but absurd to the point of no return. He is also very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity can be a kind of ironic intelligence, that the creator knows very well how childish and disgusting it is, and this self-awareness is an advantage, not a detraction. <br /> <br /> It's just a bunch of crudely drawn shorts, the kind that might not even reach Hertzfeldt and Judge's Animation show (which, I might add, Lynch has a lot in common with both directors in their focus on a lummox with an IQ of 20 that has a wife who trembles with fear constantly, and a child who looks like a cross between the gingerbread man and / or an alien.The episodes include small situations like a defective treadmill, a salesman who can recite the address of Gettysburg, guarding a sick brother-in-law, hallucinating ants, and simply wallowing on the couch with noise around him. Meanwhile, Lynch continues to experiment, as he was constantly for better or worse during the Period of five years he did in and out of the Inland Empire. <br /> <br /> On the one hand, he returns to the roots of his first short film, Six figures getting sick six times, in the use of the repetition as a means for an end. This sometimes works very well, and sometimes not. Sometimes, as with the episode of sitting in the house doing nothing, as the teeth bleed and the fly vibrates around, the absurdism grows and disappears without much effect. And even an episode like with the friend of the approaching kid is funnier for the comparison of Beavis and Butt-head (both laugh like idiots and are equally absorbed in killing things like fish and sheep). What ends up working is how Lynch shows delusional abstractions in the most crude way imaginable, and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> In what is closer to surrealism in "ants", the guy is mistakenly sprayed against insects (called simply "Kill", one of Lynch's very cheap but fun strokes at the conventions of the society) on itself, and foresees Ants in musical choir, single included. And one of the most frightful and funny things I've seen from the filmmaker is "get the stick", where we only see the boy, encouraged by his son, who sticks a stick in his mouth. Soon the neck breaks, the eyes open, and once it is said that the cane is removed, it is not careful with traffic that moves like a wellhead. Other moments appear in this way in unexpected cracks, and are drawn as if they were in a cheap paper with an impetus to surprise with a rude language (mostly of the man, as well as of the "grandmother", that in one of the voices of Lynch for the character is the deepest of all), and an unstable quality reminiscent of the cream of the (early) Hertzfeldt crop. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I'm still not sure if Dumbland is something I'd put in someone's hands if they have not seen much of Lynch and much less for him. There are some small points in society made through complete exaggerations that may or may not be in Lynch's mind closer than we usually think for those in real life. However, in general, there is not much to be read, so I would say that more than half of those who see it will hate it with passion. Those who dig the bottomless wells of the animated comedy, be prepared have a blast.
