Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears a 'Hulk' shirt and walks away every day to fulfill his duties as a garbage man. Use your physical power to pick up the trash of others and drag it to the city dumpster. Read stories of comic book heroes and love wrestlers and fight, going to WrestleMania with her twin brother Eugene on his birthday is an annual tradition. Speak kindly to the many people you come into contact with during the day. Read comic books, which he finds in the trash, with a child who often goes through the garbage route. Unfortunately, Dominick has a diminished ability to use his mind. Have a disability <br /> <br /> Dominick's disability occurred as a result of a head injury for which he suffered a traumatic brain injury (TBI). This injury slowed him down, although his main characteristic did not change as a strong individual who helps protect others. Dominick is actually more able to live independently than he seems at the beginning of the movie. Live with Eugene, who is studying to become a doctor. Dominick provides the main source of income, while Eugene is studying. Eugene must face the fact that he must continue his education in a different city, and that he must get away from Dominick. Eugene also develops a romance that begins to separate him from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film is specifically about domestic abuse and how it can affect individuals, families and then society in general. The tension that increases between Eugene and Dominick when Eugene realizes that he should eventually leave Nicky, exploded on his birthday night. Eugene yells at Dominick and throws him against the wall. At this time, Eugene must face his own fears of being like his abusive father, the father against whom Dominick protected him while he himself was the victim of abuse. This event consolidated the love between the two brothers, who from then on became the best friends. Although they needed each other, they also needed independence and the ability to grow and develop a relationship with others. The fact that they must separate became a very real emotional tension. However, at the end of the movie, Dominick can say goodbye to his brother and wish him luck. Eugene can leave his brother with the confidence that he has begun to form a social network of people who care about him and help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominick witnesses his friend's abuse, he is forced to come face to face with the cause of his own trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick almost goes off. Then he runs after the ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. After learning that the child has died, he confronts the abusive father who, fearing his testimony, tells him that he saw nothing, does not know anything and that he should not say anything, and that if he does, he will kill. the. Now that his own life has been threatened, he goes looking for the gun that Larry used to kill the rats. He goes to the wake of the deceased and, at gunpoint, kidnaps the dying family's baby. He escapes from the scene and hides in a building. When the police surround him, Eugene enters the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominick's disability and brings the baby back. The abusive father wielding his own weapon threatening to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him and Dominick tells the crowd that he saw the father throw his son down the stairs. <br /> <br /> Through the climactic ending, the issue of dysfunctional behavior appears. Although Dominick's instinct to save the baby can be understood, we also see how damaging this response is. Dominick put the baby's life and his own life in grave danger. The major social consequences of these events are not directly involved, but are shown through the end of the films. Despite the more optimistic final description, it is likely that another sequence of events has occurred, in which Dominick is accused of kidnapping and possession of a firearm. It's a little hard to believe that this has not been accounted for completely. Also, even if Dominick is not accused, there may still be a stigma against him within the community, not that there is not one before these events. Instead, the film shows that we must be able to recognize the problem behavior and act to stop it. <br /> <br /> Dominick and Eugene debuted in 1988, the same year as another film, Rainman, which won 5 Academy Awards. . While Rainman was an achievement and helped increase visibility with people with disabilities, it could be argued that Dominick and Eugene have more valuable lessons for society. While Rainman showed that the main American society could learn and care for a "wise", if the "wise" is the heir of a large property. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with a disability could care for and help save members of American society. The message of an independent person with disabilities may have been too strong for 1988. Let's hope that someday society will see the strengths of people with disabilities, not as a threat, but as an imperative for the strength of society.
