I collect horror movies from all over and I have seen the good and the bad: Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Sure, the acting is bad, the story is basically a mix of all the zombie movies thrown together and the quality is low in some places. What seems to be missing is that it is still entertaining and really fun. The effects vary, as someone here has said, pale-faced zombies that look like rejects from KISS to really good ones with incredible latex work. But the reason why you buy a movie with a title like this is for the gore and this movie is amazing in that area. The effects are very good for such a small movie. Somebody called it a party movie and it is. 100% fun party movie. I have heard from several websites that this is actually a "roughing" of the film that had a general release, but the current "cut of the director" comes on DVD and is of very good quality. I will buy it and judge by myself. <br /> <br /> The story is basically a nuclear power plant that gets bad and makes zombies. The government closes it, hides the history and sanctions the houses that will be built on it. Part of the plant is still underground and these undead go up and attack the area. Some actors do a great job, there are some fairly direct social comments that are insightful and true, good music, good lighting, some effective suspense and tons of blood and sick blood. A boy is attacked and ripped from the bottom area to the top, if you know what I mean. Then his entrails are taken out of his mouth. Another is divided in half, as in Day of the Dead, and they did a great job in that regard. There are a million gags and it is almost ALL the action. I say stop being a rude person, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat market. Two great epics not dead. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE! I just received the DVD and this is what I thought: <br /> <br /> A LOT of better picture quality and for once I could see the real DIRECT COURT of the film and it's a much better movie. I liked it before, but now I can see what Todd Sheets was trying to do with this one. And the comment also helps, listen to Sheets talk about the film in detail. He knows it is a zombie movie of poor quality, but shows respect to all the people involved. In addition, Sheets has a great sense of humor and a humble integrity that others could learn in the field of the film. The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is also quite fun. I felt it was almost as entertaining as the movie it was made for. There are some great interviews and scenes behind the scenes, combined with news about the film from some important places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Above all, a funny little movie that is VERY rude, but that still made me laugh and enjoy the trip. I have seen many DV movies, and some video film shots, and many are quite boring, but this really was not. While newer DV movies are technically superior, they are just not that fun! <br /> <br /> PS: Did you hear that you are now remaking this with a big budget?
