I just received my copy of this set of two DVD discs and, although it is not perfect, I found that the overall experience is a fun way to waste time. I must say from the beginning that I am a big fan of Zombie movies, and I really believe that the good people who made these movies should also be. I also have a weakness for people who try, sometimes against all odds, to live a dream. And again, these people are doing it. Is this an award-winning collection of incredible film? No. Not even close. But for what they do in their meager budgets, these films should be recommended. For me, the conclusion is always, am I entertained? Did I have a good time with this movie? And here the answer to both was "Yes." The first in the series is also the most raw. It opens with some kind of accident in a nuclear facility and people melt or something like that. It cuts some years later and a new housing community is built on the former reactor site. Some children who make a video fall into a hole and find themselves trapped in the lower levels of the installation. They are rescued, but the hole is not sealed and people from the opening start to come out of the hole. Soon, the whole city is overtaken by the undead. And these zombies are fun. They go from the makeup of the cold rot to the cheaper slap of the white face, but they are fun. The whole movie culminates in a confrontation between the final survivors of the area and the undead, with our heroes entering the lower levels of the reactor to eliminate the zombies that eat meat and seal the hole forever! Quite cheesy, but I think it was meant to be. Still, it moves very fast, has buckets of horrifying effects and really tries to have some style. The acting is uneven, but some good performances shine and one should listen to the comments track. I came back and saw it again with that and discovered that it was a good amount of information about the tests and the fun that the team and the cast experienced in the film. The director Todd Sheets seems quite proud of this, his first film, but he does not have delusions either. He knows it is a zombie movie of poor quality, but shows respect to the people involved. In addition, Sheets has a great sense of humor and a humble integrity that others could learn in the field of the film. The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is also quite fun. I felt it was almost as entertaining as the movie it was made for. There are some great interviews and scenes behind the scenes, combined with news about the film from some important places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Above all, a funny little movie that is VERY rude, but that still made me laugh and enjoy the trip. I have seen many DV movies, and some video film shots, and many are quite boring, but this really was not. While newer DV movies are technically superior, they are simply not fun! In general, this is a solid release, although a bit defective, with many extras and TONS of blood and splashes. Although I did not break any great rule of making moves, I found the series fun and always a laugh, so I give this set a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets was not trying to make art win prizes here, he was trying, sometimes against all odds, to make the budget of zero fun, the horror of the splash and to that end, he has succeeded.
