Therefore, Todd Sheets once said that he considers his Zombie Bloodbath, his 1993 Z-Epic video film, his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how false that claim is. I mean, what makes this much more superior? Well, once again, Zombie Rampage does not include that mullet, right? <br /> <br /> For one to understand exactly why Zombie Bloodbath really is considered a curse, one must remember how the 90s were for lovers of bad horror. A decade that we almost said goodbye to B and Z-cinema as we knew it. Technological advances, uncomfortable trends and the Internet would abolish the mysterious charms of the golden years of the big box. And anything that remotely resembled the quality of a schlock was too self-conscious for its own sake, basically defeating the purpose. Luckily, not everyone changes with the times. Enter Zombie Bloodbath. <br /> <br /> And I guess this is the part where I explain the same premise of 500 other zombie movies from the last 40 years. Well, then, some kind of accident in a nuclear plant infects everyone in sight, turning them into meat-eating zombies, which go out of their way, causing some of the most frightening and humorous gore scenes of the 90s. The first 20 minutes are filled with the most uncomfortable conversations you can imagine. Conversations that let you know that this is not just a low budget zombie movie, it's a Z-grade disaster, dude. There is a lot of hysterical action, nonexistent, and that triples for Mr. Mullet. That guy is really the highlight of the night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets seriously considers that Zombie Bloodbath is so superior to Zombie Rampage, I do not find it funny. I mean really, both are complete jokes about celluloid, but again, so is Redneck Zombies, so obviously, Todd Sheets is in the company of the awesome. For 1993, such a bad movie would undoubtedly be a total parody, but Mr. Sheets stands firm, giving us a bit of old style, as he was meant to be, unconscious, clueless and useless. God bless Todd Sheets. For anyone looking for surprisingly valuable B-Horror of the 90s, Leif Jonker's Darkness should be at the top of his list. As for Zombie Bloodbath, if you're a gorehound who got bored sometime around 1990, then '93 would be the perfect time to learn. 8/10
