['One of my characteristics of an independent horror creature of all times, so ridiculously evil, that is totally kind, the cheapo and stinko Nickel&#39;n&#39;dime Nickel&#39;n&#39;dime, a tremendously awful wonder that was thrown by the formidablely fecund suit of Crown International Pictures exploitation so that it could reproduce numerous double shit tickets in innumerable drive-ins in the 70s and, finally, ended up being repeated like crazy in several small secondary cable stations throughout the 80s Naturally, for the first time I saw this glorious and frightful abomination on the television of the night, a fateful Saturday night while I was a teenager and since then I have had a deep, though completely irrational, affection since then. <br /><br /> A meteor falls from the sky and crashes into the calm waters of a quiet rural lake, which causes a latent dinosaur egg to hatch so far. Of course, the dino baby immediately becomes a prehistoric giant of fights, grunts and teeth creaking with ridiculous fins, an outstretched neck and a huge mouth full of tiny, jagged, jagged and stalagmite-shaped chompers. Our cousin-fried southern male of the Loch Ness Monster begins to quickly eat up several lucky yokel locals from a previously quiet and sleepy tourist town of Hillbilly. Sheriff Richard Cardella depends on the feast, assisted by the idiot duo of hayseed straw comic assassin idiot Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigel, the galician Kacey Cobb and the insipid nerdy scientist Bob Hyman, to get to the bottom of The things before the oversized gluttonous Jurassicbackback ruins the tourist trade by eating all the campers and fishermen from whom the Hick Hamlet gets his money. <br /><br /> The director / co-screenwriter William R. Stromberg shows a wonderfully sad and totally confused incompetence in regards to rhythm, atmosphere, tense narrative construction and especially provocative sound, a credible performance of his unavoidable level of community theater amateur. The performances are uniformly abysmal: Cardella is too soft and wooden to cut her off as a solid and heroic advantage, while Roberts and Seigel&#39;s unfortunate nonsense provokes moans of disbelief: you&#39;re not laughing at these two things. Assault the clods as much as they do, particularly when the unbearable imbeciles discover a severed head that swings up and down in the murky water of the lake. Better yet, a clumsily integrated subplot in relation to a ruthless criminal that leads to a spectacular heist scene in a supermarket that degenerates into a hilariously stupid mini-massacre when a young buyer interrupts the artist. in the middle of the robbery! A subsequent car chase is also badly damaged; It is so brief and unimpressive that one feels more relieved than scared when the monster appears abruptly to devour the infamous fugitive. In addition, the dinosaur of David Allen&#39;s funky herky-jerky stop motion animation is the real twisted article, which projects a certain raw charisma, a sly reptilian personality and a blunt presence on the screen that makes all the terribly disappointing human characters look like pathetically incomparable to which nobody gets bored in comparison. And as for the poignant conclusion that the sheriff confronts our enslaving beast with a bulldozer, the key word to this exciting confrontation is boffo.']
