There's not much more to say about this movie than all the comments on page one, except that, as Jesse says, "it's the berries." All the commentators on the page wrote eloquently, almost to the same extent that the dialogue is in this film. This may be one of those illusory things we hear so much about, but they are usually made by the actors that offer the lines: a beautiful script. Perhaps Robert Redford exerted a strict influence on the actors / actresses during the filming of this film, so that the beauty of the story would not be lost. <br /> <br /> I also attended church when I was very young and in my teens. The pastor of the church spoke very eloquently and in a low voice as Reverend Maclean did in his church. That, in itself, is a totally different image that is portrayed from the Southern Baptist churches, there are no religious activities in my church. It was a large church, with many different programs to keep its congregation busy; Perhaps the most inspiring was the music department with its great choir and its almost classical hymns. Also, the congregation on Sunday night was almost entirely younger people. Do you know that it was once safe to go to church on Sunday night? How I wish it were still! Seeing "A river goes through it" is very similar to hearing a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are totally involved in life. As it has been written so beautifully, the sermon of this film is the beauty of Montana's open spaces. However, are not there also missiles-silos there too? Fly fishing or any other activity that brings family members closer to a happy life, and a deep understanding of others, becomes a blessing. Although you also see some of the darker aspects of life, the simplicity of the story paints a lasting impression on your heart, if you leave it. The follies and prostitutes are countered with the simple meetings of community picnics and outdated that this film contains, which contrasts with the modern families who take their children to Disney Land to enjoy the walks in flames and call it "a day together" . There is nothing wrong with that, but as "River" shows, part of its taciturn beauty can not do more than enrich life. This is the third film I've seen in which Tom Skeritt (?) Plays a father, with different styles and with a brilliant performance. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, mostly a talent to discover, except "Thelma and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black", and all the cast members deserved many awards. Small stories superbly told will get 10 out of 10 of me about any movie with violence, rude language, ugliness and "action". I'm thinking particularly of "Crash" and most of the "Arnold" movies. What a savior for peace is this movie.
