(There's not much in the way of spoilers, since there's no plot to reveal, but even so, I think I describe something that happens so ...) This is it. This is the most absurd movie I've seen. There are simply no words to describe this movie, although "bizarre", "ridiculous" and "ego trip" are pretty close. the half hour of opening are really strange music videos, without plot or continuity, apart from that MJ falls in some of the previous ones. One of the highlights of this part of the "movie" in the section where MJ is flying on a carousel plane through what appear to be rejections of introduction of half-way bonuses and sections cut from Yellow Submarine ( dear sir, you could not do this up). <br /> <br /> Then, when there is little more than an hour, the "movie" begins, with a lot of words (some of them really creepy) that detect our "hero" and chase him in search of an autograph. Obviously, this leaves us a little worried, and he manages to temporarily lose them. Lucky for him, because it means he can witness a shooting star and, once again, I'm not inventing it, I become a rabbit that cries out. He uses this clever disguise to try to sneak away from them, but, for reasons I can not remember at this moment, they see him (oh no!) And the creepy chase begins again. Cue another song (big impact there). <br /> <br /> Shortly after the end of the chase, MJ somehow brings the rabbit to life, until he is arrested by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because it seems illegal to dance there. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is just as strange, among which MJ highlights that he cleans a bar to the rhythm of Smooth Criminal, which includes shooting a man with his finger, not only killing the guy, but burning his shadow on the wall, like nuclear fission weapons. Another good moment is when MJ, seeing, Mr. Big (Joe, "what the hell happened to his career at this time?", Peschi) kidnapped one of the children he was friends with, magically creates a weapon of stuffed animal and in another moment of violence. That pepper this seemingly random movie, opens fire to everything that moves. One last moment I will mention is when MJ, surrounded by Mr. Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him, and they're disguised more as commando units instead of mobsters, which I suppose so. How does he come out? Therefore, it becomes a robot, complete with weapons and shield. This is the third of the four transformations that she performs, almost always when she is supported in a corner and / or in the race. <br /> <br /> This movie is quite, quite surreal, with little plot and practically no continuity
