Oh, Moonwalker, I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, Thriller was the first music video I apparently saw. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was like a God to people, a moment when women fainted when they saw him before he fainted before seeing him, sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker was what began to be a tribute to all the success of Michael at the time just when he released his famous album Bad, which broke all records, was the first album that had 6 top 10 singles. Michael is an amazing artist, no doubt, he writes, he sings, he dances, but when it comes to acting or keeping a story directly with his audience? Not that much. <br /> <br /> We started quite simple: the music, the life, the career, the success and the mania of Jackson, who was the biggest star of the 80s in the world, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a 1930s-style gangster who uses his powers as a crime figure to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to be near the children, we cut him off playing in a field with the children and their dog. The dog flees and, in his search, Jackson and the children discover the lair of Mr. Big, Frankie Lideo, a mafioso drug dealer with an army of henchmen who wants the entire population of planet earth to be addicted to drugs. starting with the children. Mr. Big discovers Jackson and the children, but they escape; Jackson tells the children to meet him at Club 30, which turns out to be an enchanted nightclub abandoned since the 1930s. The story goes back to the mobsters' attack on Jackson, and here it is revealed that Jackson is in actually a magical gangster, who gets his power from the shooting stars. When one passes by the club, Jackson transforms into a sports car and knocks down several of Mr. Big's henchmen. The story begins with the kids in Club 30, and at first the kids are scared, but when Jackson shows up, the club's scary atmosphere transforms and the kids meet in the 1930s. The club is now full of zoot. swing suiters and dancers. Jackson participates in a dance with the other members of the club, which serves as a music video for "Smooth Criminal." At the climax of the song, Mr. Big makes room for the club and kidnaps one of the girls, Katie. Jackson follows them to Big's lair and ends up surrounded by his henchmen. Mr. Big appears and mentally tortures Jackson threatening to inject Katie with highly addictive narcotics. While Katie manages to grab Joe Pesci's glasses and get rid of the injection, Mr. Big decides he has had enough and orders his men to kill Katie before killing Jackson, but not before a shooting star flies by. . Jackson transforms into a giant robot and kills all of Mr. Big's soldiers. Yes, ummm, do you want more oddities? Watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is fun for the first half hour, seeing Michael's success and all his hard work really makes his fans appreciate him one more time. Is it mostly to exaggerate your album? Yes, I love how he spends the first 25 minutes praising how wonderful it is, then we go to his song called "Leave Me Alone", which is a little hypocritical, it's not that it's not a great song, just a small turn of events . . Then, when we skipped the bad performance, the story was incredibly weak: the villain spells his name out loud, while Michael and Katie are spying on him, lol, Michael is a transformer suddenly, the villain's big plan is to make Children, high? The villain also has some kind of massive ray weapon that would make Marvin the Martian blush. But if there is something new that is incredible that the movie gives us, it is the new Smooth Criminal video. This music video is perfection, choreography, stage, song, smooth style, Michael always goes beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal was amazing. I loved Moonwalker when I was a kid, I still see it for fun until today, but it's not the best movie, it's pretty silly, but it's also good if you're a Michael Jackson fan. <br /> <br /> 7/10
