SAPS AT SEA is obviously a play on words in a Gary Cooper movie, SOULS AT SEA. The title aptly describes the protagonist team, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. They go on a trip across the ocean to calm Ollie's nerves only to meet the runaway murderer Nick Grainger. As interpreted by Rychard Cramer, this criminal is funny and chilling, which makes him an excellent character for the comic characters of the Boys. Despite his powerful presence, Cramer never eclipses the Boys, a tribute to the seductive charisma of Stan and Ollie. This is how it should be, since the Boys are supposed to be the protagonists in this movie. <br /> <br /> Such is the charm of the people of Laurel and Hardy that raise the average material. For SAPS AT SEA has its slow points. For example, as one previous commentator has pointed out, a little where a doctor (the charming and nervous James Finlayson) proves a balloon called "lung tester" in Ollie, lacks strength. The stage is very episodic, with the first part, which takes place in the Boys' apartment, almost unrelated to the second part in which they go to sea. But in general, the movie is a very nice entertainment with a short enough execution time so that it does not wear out. <br /> <br /> There is some shock at seeing the final collaboration between Laurel, Hardy and the producer. Hal Roach. I have not seen all the Laurel and Hardy movies since 1940, but the ones I've seen are not up to the weaker Hal Roach products. In these later films, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in a strange environment, deprived of players as colorful as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately and the incredible musical scores of LeRoy Shield. Neither are the well intentioned and optimistic packages that we know and love, but in the latest films, they are exasperating fools or maladjusted. <br /> <br /> It's a shame that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy movies are now generally not available to the public. Even in a minor entry like SAPS AT SEA, you can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. This was because Hal Roach, for the most part, allowed Stan Laurel, the team's guiding force, to complete artistic freedom. Once Laurel lost her autonomy in other studies, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
