This is my third comment here that attempts to connect two legendary film comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is the year 1940. That is the date on which the first had his last film from his old studio at Hal Roach's house. I will mention the meaning of the latter later. Besides being the last time that Stan and Ollie worked on Lot of Fun, this is also the last time they would appear with well-known players such as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson who appeared in most of their films. It is also the last time that Art Lloyd would act as a cameraman and Marvin Hatley, who composed his song that would be known as "The Cuckoo Song (Dance of the Cuckoos)", his score. And it would be the last time that Stan Laurel would be allowed to exercise complete creative control over what happens in the film. If in this L & H movie there is a more saturated structure than usual, it is good to know that most of those jaws are really funny. That includes most of the sound and visual effects, the last one provided by Roy Seawright, a longtime member of Roach. In this, Ollie has "hornophobia" of working in a factory of noisy horns, so Dr. Finlayson prescribes that he go out to sea to rest. Ollie does not like to go on a boat trip, so Stan suggests that they just rent one that is docked so they do not have to go anywhere. After finding one they like, we discover that convict Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just escaped ... I will stop there and say that this was a good ending to the long-standing L & H home that one might expect. It's very funny, mainly from beginning to end, and knowing that this would be the last for the man responsible in part of his teamwork is really moving when you think about it. Oh, and I have a couple of other last ones: it's the last film appearance of Harry Bernard, who plays a patrolman in the harbor after years of meeting Stan and Ollie as policemen, and Ben Turpin, the cross-eyed comedian I was born in. New Orleans, which is a couple of hours away from my current hometown of Baton Rouge, whose second appearance at L & H was having "married" with the children of Our Wife. This last interpreter has especially a real comic moment. Okay, I mentioned that 1940 is the year that Stan and Ollie released their latest film from Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year that a comedy team, both born in the state of New Jersey, would make their first film in what would be their home studio, Universal. The director of that film would be the same one who guided L & H in The Flying Deuces the previous year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. PS It was during this filming that script supervisor Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident with a rolled carpet. That incident caused Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send roses to his hospital room. They fell in love and got married on March 7, 1940. It lasted until Babe's death in 1957.
