Follow BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, two films that are hard to beat. It's not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie, it's the last good comedy (unless you insist on JITTERBUGS or another of the later films) that Laurel & Hardy did. It's just a small release film, without the crazy and destructive crescendo of BLOCK-HEADS or the amazing insight into Stan's "real" personality in A CHUMP AT OXFORD to delight. At 57 minutes it is shorter than the other two. It films a little, but that really is not a bad point for it. You have enough time to hit the right notes. It's just not as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work in a factory that makes horns. I suspect that there was some influence of Chaplin in this sequence (one recalls a similar incident in an assembly line in MODERN TIMES, only four years earlier). Ollie's nerves finally break, and he goes on a rampage. He goes home and (naturally) his roommate Stan does not help. Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric teacher on his instrument (he already has it, a trombone). After hitting the poor teacher, Ollie has problems with the incompetent janitor / engineer (Ben Turpin in a nice, brief appearance), and then confronts his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nerve analyzer (a balloon that inflates eject air). Ollie's stomach). Finleyson announces that it is a serious case of "horniphobia", and Ollie needs a very calm vacation and goat's milk. They end up going to a boat, but Ollie and Stan do not know anything about sailors, so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat gnaws on the rope until it breaks and the boat sets sail. Also unfortunately, on board is Richard Cramer, a dangerous criminal who escaped. This is not going to be a peaceful vacation. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (as A CHUMP) could have been three shorts, one in the factory, one in the apartment and another on the ship. Each would have been a successful short film, and they all make a funny movie, but the sewing of the parts together demonstrates. There are some very funny moments in the film: the discoveries of how Turpin's ineptitude causes several mishaps with the water taps and the stoves in the apartment; the accidental comments of the building manager, Charlie Hall, when Stan or Ollie run to his side and ask for instructions ("Can you help me find the basement?" Stan asks: "Certainly, you can not miss it, it's down ! ", says Hall., who realizes that it is a stupid comment he has just made); and the mistreatment of Cramer to his two hostage slaves. Call Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (an allusion to the Deans Brothers of the Cardinals of St. Louis teams of the 1930s, see "THE PRIDE OF SAN LOUIS" by Dan Dailey). Cramer asks the children to prepare him some food, and they make a synthetic food (for example, laces for the spaghetti) to make him sick and be overcome. When he realizes what they have done, he forces them to eat the food themselves. Your reactions are brilliant. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not on par with the top line of the Laurel & Hardy films, but it's a good movie in general, and a good conclusion to the best years of his film career (1927) - 1940) when they were with Hal Roach. In the couple of years immediately before it appeared, the children and Roach had serious problems related to production costs (OUR RELATIONS, where Stan was the film's producer), artistic problems (scenes of SWISS MISS were eliminated without meaning ) and contractual arguments (which led to Ollie appearing with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie returned the blow with THE FLYING DEUCES, where the production was not of Roach but of Boris Morros. Finally, an agreement of two tables of A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded the arguments and the problems, and on a high note the boys left Roach. Unfortunately, they never found a subsequent film relationship with a producer as satisfying as this one.
