Spider-Man is in my opinion the best superhero, and this game is the best superhero game. While it can be easy, you have to play it several times to get all the costumes and covers of comics, which makes up for how easy it is to get through the game. It may seem difficult to control at the beginning, but once you learn to do it, you will get entangled like the Spiderman himself. <br /> <br /> The bosses, while the levels are somewhat easy, are fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to beat, which should not be because, as fans of comics know, Scorpion is one of the deadliest villains of Spider-Man. The second boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss is Venom, which in my opinion is the easiest boss in the game, which definitely should not be. The fourth boss is poison again. This time, it's a bit harder to beat but it's still easy. The fifth boss is Mysterio, who I think is the most fun boss to fight in the game. He is also one of the most difficult bosses, but, once again, it's still pretty easy. The next boss is Carnage, who is, you guessed it, easy to beat. But Carnage is really fun to fight. The seventh boss is Doctor Octopus, who is like all the other easy bosses, but not as easy as the others because he has a shield. The eighth and last boss is exclusive to the game, never in a comic or caricature. I will not ruin it for you for those of you who have not played the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game who is not too easy. It took 4 or 5 attempts to win, while the others I won in the first or second attempt. <br /> <br /> In general, a very good game. I gave it an 8 out of 10. The reasons why I did not give it a 9 or 10 are that once you get all the costumes and the comic book covers it gets a bit boring (getting all those things will take a while), it's not very accurate according to the comics or the cartoon program, the bosses are too easy, and should have used Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as boss, I think it would be fun to fight someone flying in the air! They also did not use them in the sequel to this game! Well, Green Goblin is the villain of the upcoming Spider-Man movie, so I hope they make a video game based on the movie.
