Jacknife is a war movie that is as far from war as war movies. It can hardly be classified as a war movie, because the only way in which any war has an effect on the story or on the characters is in their memories of it, and even these are almost never shown to us. It raises very interesting questions about life, especially in the way the movie slogan says that only one of them is really alive (and, by the way, although the slogan refers only to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro), it's about the three characters in the movie). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs has returned to take Dave on a fishing trip they've been planning for much longer than you could have imagined. <br /> <br /> DeNiro provides a perfect interpretation of the character of Megs, of whom we are not really sure if we would like or if he is really as crazy as Martha thinks he is. Dave reminds Martha several times that Megs is not her friend, only someone she knows. There's a big scene at the beginning of the movie where Megs went out to take a six-pack of his car for breakfast, and he's around the corner of the room when Dave says this. Megs stops for a moment and then enters the room with a smile and a big wave. It's not until later that you realize how Megs must have felt when he heard that, having been the only one to remember what they had planned to do that day. It reminds me of the falseness of the old, 'Sure, let's do that', which people say to each other, without having plans to do something like that. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris offers a marvelous performance as Dave, who never overcame the effects the war had on him. Even many years later, he has not managed to overcome the death of a friend during the war, he has blamed himself so far and drowned his life in alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All he wants, he says, is for people to leave him alone. This is not a man who lives his life as he wants, whether people really leave him alone or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he is alive, to separate himself from the world of living beings as much as possible. <br /> <br /> Her sister Martha reminds me of myself, at least in terms of my roommates. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old, and both act as if they still live with their mothers, hoping their problems will simply disappear when they leave the room for a while. One in particular (the oldest, unfortunately), has absolutely no idea how to take care of himself, I'm surprised he does not have to clean his chin while eating. Martha has to do the same for her brother, whom she waits with hands and feet while he staggers in life from one hangover to another. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life and neither of them can get out of it until something important changes, and Dave needs to make the change. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about romance in movies where it just does not belong as much as Roger Ebert complains about those pathetic low-voltage devices, the red digital reading. But in this case, I do not think the romance that develops between Megs and Martha has any adverse effect on the rest of the movie. On the contrary, it made it much more interesting, because it was not predictable. The problem with the romantic subplots in Bruckheimer's films and other things is that they are so predictable that you just wait for the obvious end and expect something interesting to happen along the way. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something will happen between Megs and Martha because we do not know enough about Megs. Martha could be right about him, he's one of Dave's crazy war friends and he's not the kind of man she should be dating. Dave certainly encourages this idea. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) A couple of years after this movie, DeNiro made Cape Fear, where he plays a crazy criminal for revenge against the lawyer who took him to prison, a character that in retrospect, makes it's easy enough to think that at the end of Jacknife, Martha realizes her mistake, gets rid of Megs and she and Dave reconcile because he saved her from a horrible relationship and then decides to clean up her act. Because he has done something good for her. I was half expecting this to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs ended up together and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs asks Dave all the questions about what they had planned to do after the war ended. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, this is a slowly moving drama, but Jacknife is entertaining along the way and has a great reward at the end, which amazingly manages to be happy without being cheesy. There is an excess of emotion at the end of the film that hardly fits the rest of the film, but it is so good that it does not confess anything that the film has achieved until that moment. Everyone involved gives a wonderful performance, and it's one of those rare movies that almost make you want to get up and shake your fists victoriously in the air.
