The combination of reading Novella and watching this movie has inspired my wife and me to new levels. Recently I was reflecting on a statement made by the artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspiring books; He states: "You and I were not designed to breathe the foul air of the five o'clock traffic, nor do I believe that God had banal television shows, media hype, worthless shopping, and soul contamination in mind when he created the universe. "I had not seen" A river goes through "in a couple of years, but after reflecting on Kinkade's statement, something led me to see the film with a spiritual eye. I saw it and saw a completely new world in the movie and it inspired me to read the book (a required reading). I have always felt frustrated in Southern California, but somehow I have been trapped in their materialistic society. The film really puts into perspective how we should really experience God's creations. A combination of the history of Macleans and my desire to return to the Northwest has led me to move to Montana. I want my future children to be able to dominate the landscape, go fly fishing, ride horses in nothing more than open lands and serene lakes located on the mountainside. A place where you rarely worry about crime. I look around SoCal and all I see are shopping centers, rude people snarling in Mercedez Bens, miles of cars on congested highways, gangs, racial turmoil on the verge of a violent eruption and all skeptical of the intentions of others. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the film is very inspiring with a brilliant performance and a deep story about the fragile connections of loved ones. There is a lot of deep thought in this movie. The landscape is worth seeing alone and actually helps relieve tension. You should finish this movie relaxed but full of ideas for your own life. It takes a compassionate, intelligent and spiritual person to really understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and how a director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, scenery, angle / movement of the camera, etc. So, this movie probably is not for the public who thinks "The Fast and The Furious" is the best movie. Of course, it was entertaining but superficial. <br /> <br /> The conclusion: this movie helps you realize that life is not about how much money you have or what things you own. Rather, it is about your relationships with family and friends and the experiences you share together. QUALITY NO QAUNTITY
