'The Italian' is among the great or near-great 1915 films available today. The year was a turning point for the film, especially in the United States: 'Hypocrites' by Lois Weber, 'The Cheat' by Cecil B. DeMille and, of course, D.W. The birth of a nation of Griffith established new points of reference for art. In addition, that year, the Russian filmmaker Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best films, 'After Death' and 'Daydreams'. The French series 'Les Vampires' also has fans today, although I do not agree with them. The appearance of the film was directed by Europe, mainly Denmark, France and Italy, but the domain of this market and, to a certain extent, the art went to the other side of the Atlantic in 1915. <br /> <br /> The achievement The most important artistic feature of 'The Italian' is its impressive and often innovative cinematography. There are some picturesque sunsets, mobile frames, which include a brief angled photo of the Italian race to buy a wedding ring and another picture of him holding a car in motion, and, in general, there is an intelligent use of the angles of varied and expert camera. Lighting in everything. A particularly surprising shot is a close-up of the enraged Italian as he slowly approaches the camera for an extreme approach, in reference to D.W. 'Pig Alley Musketeers' by Griffith (1912). He is so enraged that his surroundings even begin to shake around his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the director of photography seems to be unknown. The director, although originally he did not have credit in the film, now it is known that it was Reginald Barker. Five of his other films made for Ince are also available today, but they are quite unremarkable. 'Civilization' (1916), in which he worked, was a great production, but a very defective film. By the way, I suppose one or more of the various filmmakers who worked on 'Civilization' also photographed 'The Italian'. <br /> <br /> In addition, all production is very advanced by then. Venice and New York are well represented even though the film was filmed in Los Angeles (for romantic Venice) and San Francisco (for the ethnic slums of New York). There are extensive flashbacks, although perhaps one or two too. I especially like the intelligent framing of the narrative, which is read in a book by a character played by the same actor, George Beban, who is also the protagonist of the main internal narrative. The reading of the story is more briefly framed by the opening at the beginning and the closing at the end of the curtains, to the theater, which is reflected within the internal story during the climax of revenge in the child's room, with the opening and the closing. of window curtains. The parallel edition, the solutions in camera and the lilies and others are handled by experts. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams, as his wife, play their part well. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, 'The Italian' has some drawbacks. The first moments of the film's comedy collide disharmoniously with the last parts of the heavy and harsh melodrama, although the environmental changes from romantic Italy to New York naturalist work well, mainly because it is backed by lighting and photography. The harsh dissolution of the American dream in this film, enhanced by stark photography, must have been poignant for the immigrant classes that formed a disproportionately large population of the public who went to the movies at the time. The character of Corrigan should have been announced more; His brief introduction to the campaign by another politician seems inadequate because of its later centrality in the revenge of the Italians. In addition, the filmmakers were medically naive or careless not to explain the lack of breastfeeding of the baby and unjustified faith in the healing powers of tranquility for the other child. Apart from the deficiencies in the plot, 'The Italian' is exceptionally well done.
