Have you seen the graduate? It was hailed as the movie of his generation. But A River Runs Through It is the story of all generations. Long before the character of Dustin Hoffman became involved in the traps of modern suburbia, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul faced the same crushing pressures of growing up when they tried to find their place in the world. But how could a place like the WW1 Montana post be a showcase for the American family, at a time when the Wild West had not yet completely disappeared? What has Maclean taken advantage of to understand who we all are and why we have to go through to find ourselves? When the movie begins, Norman is an old man, fly fishing next to a running river, trying to understand the direction his own life has taken. The movie is, literally, a journey through your own stream of consciousness, against the tide of time and when you were a child. He and his younger brother, Paul, were children of a Presbyterian minister and a devoted mother. Parents fit perfectly in their roles. Mom takes care of the house and the home. Dad does the work of the Lord. Children reflect on what they will be when they grow up. Norma has reduced him to a boxer or a minister like his father. Given the choice, little Paul would be the boxer, since he is told that his first choice of pro flyfisherman does not even exist. Children grow up and get into trouble with their jokes, struggle to see who is harder and do the things that brothers do, while attending church and participating in all other spiritual matters such as fly fishing. They are at similar points in their lives before college. But when Norm returns from his six years at Dartmouth, things are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master fisherman with fly. Graduated from a nearby university and reporter of a newspaper that knows each policeman to the rhythm and to each judge in the bank. Norman is incredibly well-mannered for his day, but he has little idea of ​​what to do with his life, even when his father yells at him about what he intends to do. You stay with the feeling that, at least for Pops, God will call you to your life's work. But you have to stay open and ready to receive it, your whole life. The father has always led his children to reflect on the side of the river and contemplate the eternal words of God. "Listen," his father urges him. It is both Zen and Quaker. Quite radical for a stoic cleric. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and even though the Maclean are truly a God-fearing home and have regard to the Scriptures, how is it that the Reverend Maclean's family is falling apart? Paul is the true perfection when he fishes the river, but he feels the attraction of gambling and alcoholic drinks, while his family does not know how to prevent him from ending up where he seems to be headed. Mom, dad and brother seem to have the same despair of not knowing what they should do and why they can not seem to help. Pauly simply ignores him with a smile and his irresistible charm. But the younger brother is losing control. Norman begins to track his life, finds love and career, but Paul continues to slide. The family that loves him looks helplessly. Mother, father, brother fight their way trying to help, but none very effectively. How can a family that loves itself be so ill prepared to handle this? How can someone be so ingenious and full of grace when he is in the nature of God, and yet, be unfit or unwilling to fit into the structures of society that the people of God have made for themselves? These are all the questions that Norman will meditate on throughout his life. The eternal words beneath the smooth stones of the river pursue him forever, but they keep their secrets. The movie is beautiful to watch. This is certainly the country of God, and filming it won an Oscar. The director Robert Redford plays with the story of the book and makes a little mockery of the narrative to follow the emotional pattern it presents, and it works well. But go back and read the book, too. You'll see that Norman made connections with his father even beyond what the film might suggest, and you'll see the places where the words of the storyteller gurgle and sing off the page with the exuberance of a river running through it. Towards the unknown.
