I read the story by Norman Maclean and the film did justice to the writings of Norman Maclean. My husband tends to reread it from time to time, and I've read it myself and the scenes in the movie come to mind. We have videos of many of Redford's movies and we've seen "A River goes through it" many times. Redford is part of the "family" as it is always close. We never tire of Redford's perception of the writings of Norman Maclean and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me very much of my own education, since my father had the same call as Mr. Maclean's father. According to "A River Runs Through It," "Methodists are Baptists who can read," a line that, by the way, is not in the story, but I think it's a fun line! My husband and I are good Baptists! <br /> <br /> I've heard a film critic claim that the pace of this movie is too slow. I do not agree. As a search for inner peace, this is the kind of film that will make you contemplate the beauty of nature in three or four rhythms of the metronome. Photography is outstanding! The acting is great. I love the scene in which Norman and Paul when they were children talked and wondered if one could be a fly fisherman or a boxer! Then, as an adult, Paul played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is the "perfect boy" who needs help with his alcoholism, but will not accept it. The same applies to Neal Burns, who uses worms as bait, he also needed help but did not accept the fact that he needed help. The scene in which Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the whole family has to wait an eternity to say grace! Finally, after hours, everyone kneels around the table to say: "Grace!" and they all leave. But the oatmeal remained on the plate! That scene where the two birds of love and their tattoos on their backs! That's funny! Sunburn! The road back home where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to go through the train line! Beautiful dialogue when Norman proposes to Jessie because he wants her to come to Chicago with him! <br /> <br /> Redford himself does an excellent job as a storyteller. I could not help comparing Brad to the young Redford (Barefoot in the park). The nominated Director, Producer and Actor is a visionary who deserves to be praised for his progress not only in the cinema in the USA. UU., But in the whole world. I'm happy to live in nineteen hundred because I've seen the beginning of black and white television, movies and all the technology and special effects, to be able to watch videos at home and live in the same century as Redford because they've had the opportunity to see his works. Redford does not need special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river for me means that line that separates life from death, memories and realities. Redford shows the hands of the Creator so magnificently and a river passes through it.
