Coonskin could be my favorite movie of Ralph Bakshi. Like the best of his work, it's on his face and he's not ashamed of it for a second, but unlike some of his other jobs (even when he's at his best, which was before and after Coonskin with heavy traffic and magicians), It is not very uneven, despite appearances to the contrary. Bakshi is taking the stereotypes and the perceptions of the race, of course, but he is also doing what seems to be a movie of carefree exploitation; Blaxploitation almost, although Bakshi does not stop there. If it were just a blaxploitation movie with inventive animation, it could be enough for a substantial feature. But the objectives of Bakshi are higher: to launch these grotesque and exaggerated images not only of black people but also of Italians / mafiosi, homosexuals, Jews, in general of the New York types in the urban neighborhoods of Manhattan in the 70s, He is not willing to do anything. realistic. The creation of more normal looking apparently "real" is, in fact, a naked woman painted red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> By making fun of these stereotypes and conventions and horrific forms of racism (ie, "tar -Brbit, baby" joke, yes joke, more black face), we are looking at abstraction to a large extent . And best of all, Bakshi does not take himself too seriously, unlike Spike Lee with a movie like Bamboozled, in delivering his message. This is the reason why, for the most part, Coonskin is a hilarious job, where some of the images and things done and sudden turns and, of course, scenes of uncomfortable behavior (I loved the scene where we talk about the three animated characters For the real-life white couple in costume and dress, who look "colorful" and the like, it's too much to not laugh at. It's not just the image, which is in itself incredibly "over" stylized, but the script is clear and, this is the key to Bakshi this time, as it has a fairly cohesive narrative to follow the improvisations and the madness. <br /> <br /> Using the first live action, then the animation, and then an extremely clever combination of the two (ironically, what Bakshi then looked for commercially with Cool World is made here to a T with less money) and a rougher border), Pappy and Randy are waiting outside a prison wall to a friend for is Capar, and Pappy tells the story of Brother Rabbit, who with Brother Bear and Preacher Fox go to Harlem and become thugs with Rabbit. in direct opposition to a character from the Godfather Jabba-the-Hut-esquire. Obviously, this is a takeoff of Song of the South with its intentionally carefree plot and animation, which are disarmed and shown here for the malicious and offensive they really are. <br /> <br /> However, Bakshi takes a break. in the combination of forms; the animated characters are behind and move along with live action funds; when violence, gunfire and fights occur, it is as bloody as it may be for 1975; When a dirty cop is in a bar and is drugged and dressed in black and wearing a dress, he stumbles in a way that Disney could not reach with Dumbo; a boxing fight with Brother Bear and an opponent such as the climax are filmed in slow motion; the archive footage from time to time of old movies, some and some of the 20s that have no flavor. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or, more recently, South Park, the Cokskin of Bakshi works as entertainment first and then the provocation of thought in second place. It is also a bold film on an independent scale; everything, from the long shots to the montage and the endlessly distorted designs for the characters (however, all based on the theme of the piece) serve the thought of the script, where their plot of the B movie opens much more for the interpretation. Calling it racist loses the point; It's like calling Dr. Strangelove the pro-atomic desolation or slavery of the Confederate States of America. And, for me, it's one of the best satires ever made.
