After finally seeing Walt Disney's Song of the South on myspace, I decided to see Ralph Bakshi's response to that movie, Coonskin-on Afro Video, which I linked from Google Video. In this, during the live action sequences, Preacherman (Charles Gordone) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to pick up Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, years before he professionally added Michael by his middle name.) as the last two escape from jail. During his attempt, Pappy tells Randy a story about Brother Rabbit (voice of Thomas), Brother Bear (White) and Preacher Fox (Gordone) and his adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of these Bakshi efforts, there is a combination of animation and live action that provides a unique point of view for the writer / director that will surely offend some people. Another fascinating animated character is Miss America, who is a blonde woman as big as she is gigantic in all senses, dressed in red, white and blue stars and stripes fitted to the skin, who has a grip on a little black man and makes him shoot in One of the most sexually violent ways that was surprisingly funny to me! There are many scenes of this kind scattered throughout the image of which another related to the frontal anatomy of Brother Bear also gave me great laughs. There is also a segment of a woman who tells her baby a "cockroach" she was friends with and who left her who was playing with that part that seems to be a tribute to the comic artist George Herriman. I was also fascinated to hear Grover Washington Jr.'s version of "Is not No Sunshine" heard as part of the score. The most convincing part of the image was to see the same Scatman represented with his head in silhouette during the sequence of opening credits, singing and dispersing a song that makes him use the word N in a satirical way. When I saw a VHS cover of this movie years ago, I had represented Brother Rabbit in insolent mode in front of what looked like Warner circles with the slogan: "This movie will offend ALL." This is a broad warning to anyone who thinks that all cartoons are for children. That said, I definitely recommend Coonskin to Bakshi fans and all forms of animation.
