A surprising realization occurs when some kind of phenomenon occurs! Anyway, the firecrackers are leaving, witnessing a robbery, a hurricane that blithely obliterates everything in its path, or, for that matter, any other spectacular event !! However, in the case of the Maclean family, the revelation was not more complex than their daily life. In the early twentieth century, the mountain was a difficult and fallen environment ... The Maclean family was composed of four people, the father, a minister, who was ideologically driven to raise his family properly. His wife was God fearing and obedient. The two guys were, well ... CHILDREN! ... What else can you say? ... Brad Pitt starred in this movie before he was really ELO !! Brad Pitt, and her acting as an actress in this film was, to say the least, remarkable! .. Her brother, Norman, was of a cerebral type, was moved by genuine emotions and motivated by a set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana agreed with !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was a misfit of compensation, and lived on the edge ... One would think that Montana in the 1920s had no such thing, but somehow, the game, the drinking and the violent confrontations, were part of Paul, as was his fly fishing rod !! Fly fishing!! I have said that? Parenthetically, this was the core of the theme of this movie! The recreation of fly fishing served as the cohesive bond that homogenized the kindred spirits of the Maclean brothers, and to a lesser degree, the father! I would describe the performance in this movie as incredibly believable, and the cinematography was beyond sensational. Speaking in this way, anyone who watches this movie will want to live in Montana. Impressive filmography more blue than mountains and blue currents that capture the youth. and the effervescence that the Maclean brothers had for life ... Rarely in a movie, you witness how feelings immediately invoke a stubborn tenacity to achieve whatever it is that someone wants to achieve ... The Maclean brothers lived life to the maximum, and by Better or worse, the father knew that this was going to be the only way in which the two could become men! ... Robert Redford directs this film, and tells the story of the Maclean through the perspective of the older brother, Norman. ... Norman is offered a position at the University of Chicago at age 26, and marries the woman he will always be in love with ... What this film also points out is that the younger brother, Paul, has achieved an achievement Nt of his own for being the personification of a remarkable fly fisherman !! The most sordid side of life prevails in the younger brother's existence, and it exerts an insidious form of consternation for the Maclean family. Like most human deficiencies, the Maclean family brought turbulent waters to light (literally) and thus established unity as a family, putting on the necessary blinders! <br /> <br /> The end of the movie "River Runs Through It" presents an epigram of life through the eyes of the older brother. For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a prerequisite for perseverance in his emeritus years. Such a fate is due in large part to the fact that reflecting on your life amounts to yearning for people who have passed away! The good memories of his brother, his wife, his mother and his father must now be seen philosophically !! For Norman, his life has been relegated to obstinate facts that have determined his doubtful perspective and his precarious resolution. Something as simple as the statement "This was your life, and that's how you lived it", is a dark reminder of the joy, the sadness, the regrets and the love that he gave, and also the recipient of it! The best thing is to put him in the last sermon he heard his father give, his father said: "We can love someone completely without completely understanding him". Whether you agree with what happened in your life or not, however, it happened! Norman Maclean must understand the fact that his life has been fragmented by misunderstandings! Norman Maclean has become a decrepit octogenarian who is polarized by the virtual conclusions of his life! The murky waters of Montana's scenic rivers serve as a ruthless and disastrous completion for their years on earth! Undoubtedly, the very prolific statement of "what seems complicated is really very simple" conveys a very harsh message in this film ... More simply ... The people and places that were important in Norman's life, now they are just a bittersweet memory ... just a painfully intellectual rumination of the events aggravated by the enchanted waters of the beautiful streams and rivers of Montana ... To those who, for the entire Maclean family, "all things merge into one and a river crosses it "
