Batman and Superman. Iconic. The best part of a century old. Who does not know about these two? There must be countless fans who would die to make a movie about them. Sandy Collora went ahead and put together a trailer for a film of this kind (which does not exist and is not being created, much less by this team). Perhaps what has more in its favor is how polished it is. Throughout, the cinematography is solid. The edition is correct. The values ​​of production, even with the costumes that are more like their comic counterparts than those of the films that present this character, are quite high. It looks pretty "hollywood", this trailer. The physical types are adjusted, as far as I can tell, to each character. The lines are reasonably written. The shots are well thought out, well achieved and quite effective. However, this has problems and, despite looking good, does not correspond to the energy and ability of Grayson (who only had the problem of staggering too much between a short and a trailer, as well as a rampant passion that leads to too many characters and ideas included). The performance is perhaps the most obvious. Not good. Even some of those who only have one line and / or almost do not appear on screen at all fail to deliver a good performance. The actors chosen in the parts seem to have been chosen more for the aspect they have of the characters they interpret than for their talent. Then there is the writing. Really, the plot, well, the tiny amount that there is (this and this character come together, something about some evil plot ...) is fine. There is a problem in the characterization. While most of the characters seem to fit, Two-Face is, well, more or less like crazy crazy (which is pretty simple, from what I understood, not what the character is) as it was in Batman Forever (and having his work portray any element of the Batman universe compared to the efforts of Joel Schumacher can be considered the biggest insult to a fan.) Also, putting that character in this will make comparisons between this trailer and that movie (honestly , Collora is practically "begging" to be done with a similar initial revelation) and, let's face it, this is lost in every respect, Michael Antonik definitely does not have the presence on the screen that Tommy Lee Jones has, and the makeup (which , in the aforementioned revelation, it is essential) is not as strong as the movie (whether or not it is good in the cinema is another matter) The sad thing is that although Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) seems to be much m s interested in comics, and obtain the depth of them, the better (not to mention it has more capacity to devise a convincing argument). Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films, or more), Collora seems to be the one with access to funds and the one most likely to have contacts (due to having non-independent credits in his filmography) to really have a chance to make a real characteristic of your trailer. I intend to see other works of Collora. But Fiorella is one of the two in which I will be most interested in the work. I recommend it to the fans of the characters. 7/10
