I heard about this movie when I saw "100 more metal moments" from VH1. In the segment, Gene Simmons (who played a cameo) and several other interviewees talked about how terrible this film is. Unlike most people, I'm often more curious to watch movies that are reputed to be ridiculously bad than, say, a movie masterpiece. The advantage of having that kind of attitude is half the time I discover that movies are not as bad as people say, and I end up enjoying much more than I initially expected. That was my experience with "Trick or Treat". Now, it's hard to make a movie about a teenager who receives messages from a dead heavy metal star by playing one of his old records upside down without people making fun of the premise. Sure, it's certainly a strange premise, but one that has never been done before! Give the filmmakers points for originality for Pete's love! If you are looking to buy the DVD, without prior knowledge of the film, do not be fooled into thinking that Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. However, despite the fact that Simmons has an ungrateful role, Ozzy has a funny cameo as Reverend (it's true, Reverend!) That speaks against heavy metal. On the one hand, it's funny to see Ozzy with short hair. And on the other hand, you can not help but laugh at the irony. Sure, it's a cheap shot, but effective. The acting is pretty good. I found the actions convincing. The teen characters are horribly cliché. So expect the usual range of athletes and nerds. And as in each of these films, the pretty girl is a decent person who feels sympathy for the alienated main character, but still dating his sportsmanfriend boyfriend. Why are you dating such a complete idiot in the first place? Because the plot needs an obstacle. There is no other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty pleasures is to see how the evil athletes disappear in these films, since I was an outcast from high school. The movie kept my interest for the most part, but the third act is too conventional and made me roll my eyes, as there would be one foreseeable situation after another. But all in all, the movie is not bad at all and it's definitely worth seeing on a rainy day. (7 of 10)
