The best film about the battle of San Antonio, Texas, in March 1836, was John Wayne's 1960 epic THE ALAMO. In a job as a producer director, which tied him temporarily, Wayne showed that he had a talent for making films outside of his acting icon as a character personifying the West. <br /> <br /> I have commented on that movie. in a review the other night, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the scriptwriter) addressed some points that were barely mentioned in previous movies about the battle. They brought the subject of slavery. Finally, they also discussed the contribution of the Mexican land owner, Juan Seguin, as an important leader in the War of Independence on par with Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was a weakness (although well hidden) in the movie. Wayne worked hard to launch it correctly, thinking of many people for the main roles. But, he did not properly handle the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by an unknown actor, Ruben Padilla (on this board, his thread shows only three credits listed). Padilla had no spoken dialogue (not even in Spanish). And although he has one of the last shots of the movie, he is only shown as a silent tyrant, watching the burning of the bodies of the Americans and their allies. <br /> <br /> Despite several bad decisions in the casting of this film for television (THE ALAMO: THIRTEEN DAYS TO CLORY), it is the best movie that shows the man who was (between 1836 and 1854) a leader of the men of the American policies. Raul Julia was a wonderful theater actor. I was lucky to see him in a production (in the late 1980s) of ARMS AND THE MAN in Manhattan, like Sergius. It was never boring, and it is generally first class in its performance. <br /> <br /> Here we see the selfish monster at its worst. Nothing is acceptable that does not conform to the wishes or activities of Santa Anna. It may be the failure of an orderly in the army to bring in an item that he requested fast enough, or it may be the recklessness of these "foreign bandits" (as he saw the Americans) by not crowding himself, "the Napoleon of the West " <br /> <br /> Santa Anna was president of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He affirmed that he first became involved in the overthrow of a president because that president was not up to the constitution of the country, but it was the power that kept it going year after year. It is a sad commentary that he was Mexico's most important historical figure in those two decades. No political or military figure would rise to annul it until Benito Juarez did so in the late 1850s. Initially, he affirmed great liberal ideals, but once admitted that Mexicans were children who needed guidance for a hundred years before they could govern themselves to themselves (and, therefore, it sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS talking about the people he helped lead against José Ferrer). The amazing thing about him was that he managed to keep coming back. His policies were disasters. While we know of his attack on Texas (to quell a revolt there), he also tried to expand into Guatemala (and probably saw himself controlling much of Central America). He won at the Alamo, but at a great cost of lives. His massacre of Colonel Fannin's men in Goliad was inexcusable (one could defend the destruction of the Alamo defenders who were fighting to the end, but Fannin had surrendered). Then came the San Jacinto disaster, where his army was wiped out (he did not take the proper precautions to keep an eye on the US troops). He was captured and humiliated, and forced to sign a surrender from Texas. Houston was kind to him: the troops wanted to tie him up. <br /> <br /> Except for losing a leg in a battle against the French in 1838, he managed not to be hurt in most of his wars. He repudiated the forced surrender of Texas, but could not do it unduly militarily. Instead, it would lead Mexico to defeat in the 1846: 48 war against the Americans, which led to the Mexican session. The United States was "decent enough" to pay Mexico $ 15,000,000 for the southwest, but Mexico lost half of its territory. He would be the president for the last time in 1853, in time to give Franklin Pierce's horribly bad administration a moment of glory: Santa Anna sold the Arizona-New Mexico border (the "Gadsden Purchase") to the US. UU No other Mexican president (not even Porfirio Díaz) cost his country so much (Díaz sold himself to foreign commercial interests, but increased Mexico's economic capacity by doing so). He was exiled in 1855 and settled in Staten Island. There he managed to make his work more creative: he introduced chewing gum in the USA. UU., And it became a chewing gum. Some achievement! <br /> <br /> Julia's Santa Anna is younger than the cynical and schematic who became the best land-buying agent in the United States. He will not show up for the opposition and he will jump to furious tantrums at any moment. Most of the time his main assistant, Colonel Black (David Ogden Stiers, here an official born in the United Kingdom) is silent: he does not want to be in front of a firing squad, as he could be. But Stiers is secretly less than delighted by his boss. In the end, when he is alone with the newly widowed wives of the dead Alamo defenders, Stiers suggests that they tell the world what Santa Anna really is. And they did it!
