When I saw the film for the first time in the early 1970s, I was amazed at this movie. Visually it was amazing and events on the European and US campuses. UU They made you relate to what Antonioni was trying to say so visually in the last 15 minutes of the film: bursting into your mind the "tyrannical" establishments and the big commercial interests. The repeated explosion of the beautiful house in the middle of a desert, the female protagonist who enjoys the natural flow of cold water, painting a plane with psychedelic designs (even the serious British Airways did a few years ago) are some of the images that They were copied by advertising personnel from around the world for decades. Even Pink Floyd increased its number of followers after the film was released. <br /> <br /> You see this movie about 30 years later and start to wonder why the same movie has lost its appeal. Nowadays, the films against the establishment have more content: facts, documentation, excellent interpretations and excellent film scripts. Antonioni seems to be out of date; An imperfect genius. Even seeing Antonioni's "Blow Up" today gives you the feeling that he is here. <br /> <br /> "Zabriski Point" has to be evaluated for what it was when it was released. It was a great movie if you saw it on a panoramic Panavision screen instead of the dwarf television screens. The visual and auditory appeal (Mick Jagger, Kieth Richards, Pink Floyd, and others) of the film still remains. The main couple were not great actors, but they were cute and natural. One of them (Mark Frechette) died in prison in the USA. UU Extending the reality of the nonconformist values ​​that he embodied in the film. <br /> <br /> Today, Antonioni seems to be out of "synchronization". But watch carefully and appreciate the muffled sounds of the usual actors: Rod Taylor, G.D. Spradling, the ladies in the pool, the cops on the airstrip. The real sounds in contrast are of the nonconformists. Antonioni was relevant 30 years ago, but his understanding of the medium can not be questioned even today. He knew what he was doing.
