When this movie was made, the hippie thing had become widespread. The ideas of the counterculture were well established, that's why you could make such a big movie. However, he has something to say, and it is said very well. Apart from those who are only waiting for the masturbation material, this film receives recognition for its beautiful scenes (which in themselves are more than enough reasons to see the movie) by the majority. The soundtrack of this movie, which actually became more popular than the movie itself, is another advantage. "Beware of the Eugene ax" by Pink Floyd adapts very well to explosions, the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a good atmosphere of tranquility. But. It seems that the messages of this film have been overlooked by the majority. If you did not understand, what seems to be the case for most, I will give you some advice: the man (hard man, what's his name? Mark?) Is part of a "reality group". He leaves this group saying something like "I'm willing to die, but not out of boredom." Later he goes for a ride with a stolen plane, probably to look for some action. As he is in the air, he plays the dark star of Grateful Dead (from the album Live / Dead) (I think). This song contains the phrase "Let's go you and me while we can", although this is not heard in the movie. (Maybe stretch it too much, which means the appointment is essential.) On the plane, he checks a girl. (Daria), who drives in his car to a conference (about giving typical suburban families the opportunity to live in a super relaxing place in the desert, where everything is so simple and enjoyable. For the whole family!), Diving Down, almost hitting the car. He lands the plane, and joins the girl on the way to Detroit. They stop at the Zabriskie point, where they enjoy each other as living creatures and nature. Later it shows a family with a large car (the type you sleep with) and a speedboat visiting Zabriskie Point, the father saying something like "what a waste driving here" and the child sitting inside the car. smiling I noticed a "this was not much better than on TV" - attitude. Daria takes Mark back to the plane that is now painted in a psychedelic style, with the identity number changed to "no war" on one side and "no words" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane back to the place where he stole it, and tells Daria before leaving "I do not risk anything" or something like that, one of several indications that he does not care too much about his fate. (This is because he has the feeling that the environment that surrounds him does not give him anything: "I wonder what will happen in the real world"). At the airport, the police officers who shoot him meet him, although he has just returned the plane. . Daria listens to this on the radio, but decides to go to the conference in the luxurious mansion. Here she feels strange after the adventures with her recently murdered friend. She likes fresh water running down a rock, rather than the pool. Inside the house, once again the spectator is given a hint of antimaterialism. She looks through a glass wall, holding her hands on the glass as if trapped. You see the businessmen arguing, one side eager to do a big business, the other afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house and looks at it, visualizing it exploding. After the house, several other things explode, for example, a television. She smiles, happy to have destroyed what she saw after the meeting with Mark as something negative. <br /> <br /> To summarize: Mark obviously experiences that the "reality group" is not very useful since they just sit down and talk, do not take any action. He clearly has bad feelings about things being the way they are, and it seems he feels there is no use fighting that. He wants to go Help Daria, who is "in mind but not in action" to see his point of view. When his sense of being out of place results in his death, we can expect Daria to use the ideas in a way that is more constructive. In the film you see how a city (LA) is being contaminated by a commercial (it's a shame that you have to show the commercial to make the point), go to businessmen deciding what the future is, etc., and go to unhappy people With these and other situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I've only seen the movie once, so I have not captured all the points, but I certainly have an idea of ​​what this movie has to say. , and I find it strange that this movie can be called meaningless. If you say the points are too obvious, I can see why, this movie was probably meant to entice post-hippie radicals to "dig" the anti-establishment thoughts. Although it has a lot to say, and its message is still necessary at present, things evolve quite in the same direction as before the 1960s. Zabriskie Point is a really great movie, which tells a story about pretty normal young people (not far from the hippies who stumble on the acid, digging everything) looking for what they perceive as real, dissatisfied with the conventional . And it is done in a truly beautiful way.
