They told me it was one of those "you like it or you hate it" movies. Well, I loved it. Obvious hippie-era, dated and easy symbolism and everything. Therefore, he probably has no taste in regards to Antonioni, but this and La Notte (made exactly a decade before) are my favorites among his films so far. Two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point was supposed to be Michelangelo's great American epic. But apparently, it turned out to be a failure. I really can not see why. Before seeing it, I had read that it was quite boring, so I prepared for a very slow movie, although I love a slow movie. For my taste, Zabriskie did not have a tedious minute in it. As I watched, I made a mental note of how European it was on the part of the director to make such frequent use of billboards in almost every urban scene, huge posters that dwarf any human form in sight. This recurring visual element is obviously there to underscore the way that consumerism crushes the individual in American society. But then I saw L'Eclisse directly after, which takes place in Rome in the early 60's, and I noticed that Antonioni often included posters in it too. After all, the masterful use of landscapes, architecture and inanimate objects in every frame with or without human beings is a registered trademark of Antonioni. This is precisely the way in which it evokes the psychological states of its characters, with a more or less discrete power and a great visual impact. He is virtually insurmountable in this ability. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point starred in two very attractive tracks that should have become big stars of the 70s, but never did. Mark Frechette, whom I had already seen in the film Uomini Contro by Francesco Rosi, set in the First World War, had a very tragic life and died at only 27 years old. According to his biography page, he donated his $ 60,000 profit from Zabriskie to a community. Mark Daria Halprin's co-star, apparently also the wife of Dennis Hopper later, has the natural beauty and attractiveness of a young Ornella Muti. One of those luminous beauties that do not need a little makeup to attract attention. Like Frechette, she has only appeared in a couple of obscure movies and has never become a star, but at least she did not die tragically. In particular, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed, one that brings home a sense of youthful fun like few others have seen, as well as a powerful cathartic ending. It may be the most banal sequence ever recorded in terms of its symbolism, but I can not see how anyone can deny its beauty and its wonderful sense of emotional liberation. It has never had such a good explosion, and so poetic. It seems to be an explosion that restores order instead of causing chaos.
