There are not too many times when I watch a movie and say "huh, what?", But this was one of them. Maybe after seeing Zabriskie Point, I felt the same way as Woody Allen after watching 2001: he only liked the film after seeing it three times over a period of two years, realizing that the filmmaker was in front of him in what was happening. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his few attempts to make films within the United States (after Red Desert, he did Blow-Up, this film, China and The Passenger, all filmed outside of his native Italy), he could feel that almost He was trying to learn about the roads of the country through his own control of the environment. The results show that he does not lack the means to present images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds and a visual representation of this era. "The job of a director is to see," Antonioni once said. Whatever it means, does not disappoint the admirer of his work after the fifties (I say post-fifty since I have not seen any of his films before L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> What is missing is a point, at least the type of point that could be included in Blow-Up and The Eclipse. You have the feeling of what there is around these characters, what the themes are transmitting to their conscience, however, in this case, the characters and the actors do not contribute much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, from the hardest school, neorealist cinema, does what he can with his mostly non-professional cast (those who look like real actors are subject to the roles of corporate characters), but The Two Stars, Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin, it seems as if Antonioni had underestimated them. Maybe that was the point. The story is divided into three acts, fortunately not very confusing, as Mark escapes his existence around the dangerous life on campus that takes place in the area of ​​the 60 at the end of the 60, and Daria is sent from Los Angels to go to Phoenix to a business meeting. They meet by chance when Mark's plane (how does he know how to drive, maybe some background information there?) And Daria's car meet, and they spend some time together in a kind of rut in the desert. Apart from a stylistically fascinating and bizarre sex scene, much of this act is not terribly interesting. <br /> <br /> The two cables are just enough to look at, but what attracts others out of curiosity? The ideas that emerge (partly from a script co-written by Sam Shepard) are not too revealing, except for a brief moment in which drugs appear against reality. Then, the film is directed towards the third act, when Mark decides to do the right thing, in disastrous circumstances, and Daria arrives at the place of his boss, only to be in complete disillusion (without taking into account the infamous last five minutes of the film ). Although the film took time to tell its story, I did not have as much trouble with that as I did with the story only involving a certain type of viewer. I understand and empathize with the feelings and doubts and fears, as well as with the self-confidence of the "anti-establishment", but perhaps Antonioni does not know it at all. In some scenes, he as director and editor (and Alfio Contini's often astounding cinematography) finds that the setting and the backgrounds are more enlightening and fixed than the people in the foreground. Not to mention that the technical aspect of Zabriskie Point is not involved to some extent (this can make some feel drowsy, since Antonioni is probably much older as a documentary maker, since he is a theatrical director, as Francis Ford Coppola says). <br /> <br /> The deserts, the skies, the city and even the faces in close-up shots are recorded with the look of a filmmaker enamored with the art of putting things in the frame, bringing us. The soundtrack is equally compelling, with a master stroke that includes a sweet song by the Rolling Stones at one point, and then an overwhelming and surreal Pink Floyd song (re-titled 'Beware of that Ax Eugene, one of his best pre-Dark Side) in the sequence explosion. If the performances were not so unilateral, you might find that this is on par with Blow-Up or The Eclipse. It is a stroke of unconventional genius, on the one hand, and on the other, a boring vision of what was the hippie / radical movement of the late 60s. But hey, what can be boring for an American like me, born in the eighties, it may not be for others outside the US UU., Like, for example, Italy. And ask not to be discarded immediately after a visit.
