I know this is an unpopular position with respect to Zabriskie Point, but I LOVE this movie. I know, I know, I can legitimately be called an Antonioni fan. I love L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love Red Desert, I love Blowup, and I love Professione: Reporter (also known as The Passenger). The only Antonioni movie that I do not love, the only one I have given less than 8/10 (and one of the three that I have given less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse are the other two, although I admit that I have to see them both again, it's Beyond the Clouds, which can be called a horrible movie, however, there's no better horrible movie, if you get my drift, so if you're NOT a fan of Antonioni, you should just logically ignore me. However, even if you're a casual fan, and you're wondering if this particular movie, whose name, when spoken, is often followed by a spit, which is generally despised even by admirers of Antonioni, it's worth seeing, the answer is YES. <br /> <br /> Okay, the reason why people tend to hate him is because 99% of moviegoers only care about the narrative of a movie Well, that's not exactly true, if a movie is amazing in a particular aspect, let's say acting, cinematography or direction, and just decent in its narrative, the film's viewers could well love it. But a movie can be the most amazing visual masterpiece and have a boring or illogical story; that's another thing that has ruined cinema over the years: logic: then they hate the movie. I will really agree with that in some way. As much as I dislike and want to change my point of view, it is really hard to love a movie whose narrative I perceive as poor. However, other people tend to get angry with a loose narrative. This is certainly what should keep viewers away from Zabriskie Point. I could relate the story to you, but you would probably think it was foolish. It is, actually, but, for me, what made all the effort more fantastic and beautiful. In fact, I would compare it favorably with 2001, which is my favorite movie. However, 2001 is perfectly coherent compared to the narrative of this film. <br /> <br /> What Zabriskie Point has of swords is the state of mind. Music helps a lot; The score includes many acts of the day, including Pink Floyd. The mood is similar to that of Antonioni's other masterpieces, full of loneliness and desolation. Also the freedom that comes from that. The best sequence in the film is when the main man and woman (his name is Daria, I know, but I do not remember his name) stop in his vehicle next to a historic marker on a desert road. There is, beyond the stone wall that has been erected to prevent the cars from flying away, an old lakebed. It's basically a rocky desert, and the two are going to play in it. The stage is enormously beautiful. The woman says: "This is such a beautiful place, what do you think?" The man: "I think he's dead." There is no inclination to whether that is a good or bad thing. This is very similar to the feelings expressed in other Antonioni films: the characters wish to disappear or become invisible constantly. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of The Passenger, fed up with journalism, we have the young hippie fed up with the politics of his friends: he thinks they talk too much and do not act what they think is right, or at least he says he does It seems to me rather that I just wanted to get out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The movie is also simply amazing visually. Antonioni's films are all identifiable for only a few frames, but his visual style has always been built. I like The passenger more than Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point could be his last achievement in that aspect. Well, that may sound strange - L'Avventura and Red Desert are amazing pictorially. I think the movements of the camera are particularly amazing here. Obviously he made a lot of money in Blowup, which was the biggest success of his time, the biggest one at that time. He has a good time here, especially with his aerial shots. One of the film's most important sequences is about the man, who has stolen a man's private plane and bombarded Daria in his car. <br /> <br /> The only thing that can be criticized enough is the policy of the film. They are certainly easy. It's not that the hippies were easy, but that Antonioni's vision of the hippies (there were none in Italy, of course) are strange and, well, filtered through the eyes of a foreigner. There is a rather infantile criticism of advertising, but it is a criticism that still exists today. I say, can not you just ignore it? What hurts? Are you walking buying things you do not want on the billboards? Or there is also the criticism against capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that is stealing land in the desert, the land she and the man enjoyed to make cheap, suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very underestimated actor whose most famous roles were in The Time Machine and The Birds, plays his boss. The end, that I will not ruin (must see) is almost offensively cheap. However, I can understand the treatment the police officers receive. Not that I despised them in general, but at that moment they were horrible. They can still be terrible now. They have always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These trite arguments against the American way of life still do not affect my opinion about the movie much. I find this filtered view of America extremely interesting. I really do not think that a hippie would have disagreed with Antonioni. 10/10.
