If Saura had not done something like this before, Iberia would be a milestone. Now he still deserves inclusion to honor a great director and a great cinematographic curator of Spanish culture, but he has done much like this before, and although we can applaud the riches he has given us, we have to choose and choose favorites and stops. Among the similar points are films like Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). He would choose the Flamenco de Saura of 1995 as his most singular and powerful cultural document, next to which Iberia pales. <br /> <br /> Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of the music of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and, in particular, his suite "Iberia" for piano. Isaac Albéniz was a great contributor to the outsourcing of Spanish musical culture, its re-formatting for a non-Spanish audience. He moved to France at the age of thirty and was influenced by French composers. His suite "Iberia" is an imaginative synthesis of Spanish folk music with the styles of Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled making his compositions, which are a kind of beautiful standardization of the Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as the Ravel's Bolero, but moving in that direction. Naturally, the Spaniards have recovered Albéniz, and in Iberia, the interpreters reinterpret their compositions in terms of several ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is a tamed and diluted form of Spanish musical culture and dance, in comparison with the Spanish spirit of pure flamenco. Flamenco, which comes from the region of Andalusia, is a deeply felt amalgam of gypsy, Hispanic-Arab and Jewish cultures. Iberia is simply the peninsula comprising Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; The concept itself is more diluted. <br /> <br /> The flamenco of Saura is an unstoppable and intense ethnic mix of music, song, dance and that peacock form of noble preening that is the essence of the Spanish style, the way in which a man and a Woman are taken with pride. On the verge of arrogance, elegance and elegance, even the bullfights and the movements of the bullfighter are full of it, in a series of electric sequences without introduction or conclusion; they are simply Saura always emphasized the stupidity of his collaborations with the choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his 1995 Flamenco he dropped any pretension to a story and simply has singers, musicians and dancers who move in and out of a great sound stage with a beautiful lighting and screens, floors and mirrors organized by the director of photography Vittorio Storaro , another one of the most important collaborating Spanish filmmakers The beginnings and endings of the flamenco sequences are often harsh, but atmospheric, marked only by the rumble and the whisper of shuffling feet and a mixture of voices. Sometimes, the film is fed when a performance ends and the dancer is seen bowing, sighing or laughing; or someone simply says something unexpectedly. In Flamenco, more than in any other Saura musical film, it is the intense, intense interaction of singers and dancers, and rhythmically applauding the participating observers who shout the impulsive olive that is "history" and create magic. Because Saura has really done magic, and maybe it's better when he launched any kind of conventional story. <br /> <br /> Iberia has a style similar to some of Saura's purest musical films: no narration, no dialogue, only brief titles to indicate the type of song or region, starting with a pianist playing the Albeniz music and gradually moving to a series of dance sequences and a bit of singing. In flamenco music, the fundamental element is the unaccompanied voice, and that voice is the most unequivocal and unique contribution to world music. It is related to other songs of other ethnic groups, but nothing is equal to its ugly and beautiful cry unique, raw and strident, that challenges him to do anything that is not listening with the greatest attention. Then comes the applause and the foot stomp, and then the dance, combined with the other elements. There is only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you love Saura flamenco, you will want to see Iberia, but you will be disappointed a little. The style is there; Some of the great voices and the dance and the music are there. But the source and conception of Iberia condemn it to a lesser degree of power and make it a less rich and intense cultural experience.
