All I can say about the Necromaniac / Schizophreniac 2 series is ... if you are a remote "PC" or do not have a seriously messy sense of humor, then you probably do not understand it. As sick and disgusting as this movie is, it really is a comedy and not a "horror" movie. If you can appreciate someone who pushes the boundaries of good taste and political correctness to the most extreme limits you can imagine, to the point where it becomes so out of control that it is comical, you must see this to believe it. This movie is so out of control that a major movie studio could not touch this with a 10 foot stick (with a condom on the end). However, in my opinion, the most extreme works of art come from underground places. If you do not adhere to the same old formula that people are accustomed to seeing, then they reject it. <br /> <br /> I've seen lots of terrible, boring, Z-grade Indy movies, which were just a waste of a perfectly good VHS or DVD-R tape. I've also seen lots of stink bombs coming from the big name studios that were a total loss of millions of dollars. When a NO BUDGET movie like these two Ron Atkins / John Giancaspro comes out and blows all the other "shocking" movies completely out of the water, you really have to take a second look at the whole scene of the Indy movie. After seeing this, you can really see how much freedom an Indy filmmaker can have when they work alone. <br /> <br /> The funny thing is that even the other people who saw this movie and "hated" it. admit the fact that they laughed all the time through him. I do not think it's possible for anyone to get bored seeing any of these two. So, if you do not take everything you've seen in the traditional media too seriously, and you're able to laugh at a misanthropic and puppet psychopath that finally broke down, YOU HAVE TO WATCH THIS. He may only be able to see it as the independent cult classic that he is. Both Schizophreniac / Schizophreniac 2 are among the favorites in my collection of more than 1000 dvds.
