I was fortunate to see this film finally in the Turner Classic films tonight, as it is one of the films that won an Oscar (for special effects) in its annual month of Oscar-winning films. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is easily a continuation movie for the previous success of MARY POPPINS. That film was also a huge success and an Oscar winner (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). Like MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS has David Tomlinson, in a role where he learns about parenting. It's a fine mix of live action and animation. It is set in a last period of British history (if it was not the Edwardian - Georgian world of London of 1912, it is the coast of England during the summer of "Dunkirk" of 1940). He even has old Reginald Owen, here as General in the National Guard, while previously he was Admiral Boom in MARY POPPINS. Ironically, it was Owen's last role. <br /> <br /> The sequences of the Home Guard (not too many in the film) remind us of one of the British series DAD'S ARMY, which addresses the problems of the local guard in the early years of the war. The period is also well suggested by the appearance of the three Rawlins children as war orphans from the Blitz bombings in London. And (in the typical Disney fashion) in the musical number "Portobello Road", different members of the British Army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (still with metal drummer!)) Appear with Scottish and local women auxiliaries disguised <Br /> <br /> All of which, surprisingly, is an advantage. But the biggest advantage is that for Angela Lansbury, her performance as Eglantine Price is, finally, her only and true musical protagonist. In a remarkable career as an actor, Lansbury never got the true musical role he deserved as Aunt Mame in the musical MAME that came out shortly after BEDKNOBS did it. She had been in singing parts (in GASLIGHT with her brief UP IN A BALLOON BOYS, and in THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY with LITTLE YELLOW BIRD, and, best of all, in support and in conclusion of THE HARVEY GIRLS with the latest revision of ON THE ROAD, TOPEKA, AND THE HOLY FAITH). But only here plays the role of woman. So, when you listen to her singing with David Tomlinson, you can understand what we lost when she did not play Mame Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is pretty good, Tomlinson here learning that he can. At the height of the occasion after a life of relative failure. The three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) actually show more interesting sides in their characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (Weighill in particular, as a kind of incipient opportunist who thinks of blackmailing Lansbury after discovering she is a witch). The only surprising waste (possibly due to the cutting of scenes) is Roddy McDowall as the local vicar who is alone in two sequences of the film. With his possible role as a disapproving enemy of witchcraft, he should have had a more important part. We must also highlight John Ericson, as the German officer who runs a raid at the end of the film, only to discover that he faces something more powerful than he ever imagined in the British countryside, and Sam Jaffe as a competitor for magic . Formula that Lansbury and Tomlinson are looking for. <br /> <br /> As for the animation, the two sequences under the sea in a lagoon, and in the wildest football game ever drawn well deserve the view, with Tomlinson in the latter as referee, and getting pretty Severely hit on various charges and tears. Like I said, it's a good sample of the best work of the Disney studio.
