It is wonderful to see Roshan Seth (the strict father of "Mississippi Masala" in 1992), who once again assumes the role of father and head of family, and more, in such a long journey, set in 1971 Bombay, India. . In addition to very close family environments, the themes include the lost and found of a friendship; the unexpected death of a friend (somehow the smiling and calm face of a friend in death in the presence of prayers felt at peace, so Gustad Noble, the character of Roshan, was observed in a similar way); The chain of events of an artist on the sidewalk: "the wall as a latrine turned into a sanctuary, place in noises and ashes" was both prophetic and philosophical. It is full of life lessons in different aspects of varied relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and daughter; little daughter and father and mother; long-time colleagues; lost dear friends; even that of one man to another, one whose innocent and witty "fool". <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the movie era, it is a colorful film rich in substance, and the strength of the film. I count in textural layers with humor and suspense. For a director who is not Indian (Sturla Gunnarsson is Icelandic), he has made an Indian / Pakistani political film. Enter the bone marrow of the life of this Parsi played by Roshan Seth, whose performance has such nuances, subtlety and joy. (There is also singing). The rest of the cast is equally strong: from Om Puri, the mysterious friend of a friend; Soni Razdan the enduring wife; Vrajesh Hirjee the argumentative eldest son; Sam Dastor the old office mate; Ranjit Chowdhry the pavement artist; a superstitious "witch" a neighbor's wife; a foolish fool of a man; and a friend of the lost breast, is a world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson has shown sensitivity in the treatment of that period of time and the subject was well researched with attention to detail. It is fortunate that Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") Wrote the script. This is truly the journey of a film that is worth participating. <br /> <br /> In the line of cultural exploration (road movie style), Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic stay about a young Japanese man Who traveled the world in search of the specific place to present his last respects his parents, obediently following the rituals commemorating the dead. Such demonstrated reverence and intercultural attention to family ties are touching on this day and in the cybernetic age.
