Launched just before the repression of the Production Code in July 1934, Mitch Leisen's musical All-Star Paramount is lazily suggestive - some even claim that it is misogynistic - and highly entertaining. Two murders occur on the opening night of "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (one on stage!), But that does not stop the manager (Jack Oakie) from making a show while a lascivious police detective (Victor McLaglen) investigates. Everyone is hiding something and Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen this murder mystery in the backstage before she wrote "The G-String Murders" since the outcome is similar (although more satisfying here). Gertrude Michael, as a vicious diva, stops the show (in more ways than one) with her exotic "Sweet Marijuana" number and Duke Ellington ends with the "Rape Of The Rhapsody" truncated. The hit song, "Cocktails For Two", came from this movie. A bizarre and obscene camp classic highly recommended! Here is Louella O. Parsons in "Los Angeles Examiner" on May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> The pirouette of beauties selected by Earl Carroll about the screen of Grauman United Artists on a vine leaf and not much plus. But September Morn herself never had a better figure than these charming ones, which are made to please the eye, especially the eye of the tired businessman. But do not think for a moment that the girls of Carroll, au naturelle, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a musical comedy thriller, if you know what I mean: a murder mystery incorporated in a musical show. Everything happens on the opening night at the moment when the work is in progress and the search for a murderer begins. Only by way of suspense, a policeman threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new in police. All the time he is trying to locate the murderer, he keeps his eyes fixed on the beauties of the choir. The murder mystery is good except for the outcome, which is quite flat. Probably defective address. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the maid, is as melodramatic as the heroine in a show of ten, twenty and thirty. Without a good reason, she qualifies an endless close-up in the great dramatic scene. The girls' groups are good, and it is a positive relief to get away from the inevitable shooting from above. The costumes are beautiful; In fact, this is a musical that Paramount may feel is really your credit. As for Carl Brisson, well, it would be an addition to any show. I bet, with a pleasant singing voice and an easy and safe way, he is everything your press agents claim. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the protagonist of the show. Gertrude Michael, like the deep-eyed villain, offers an interesting portrait, although quite fictional. Jack Oakie, as stage director, is the same old, nutty Jack, but we would not change it. Jessie Ralph is excellent as the seamstress. Others in the cast are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The screen game is by Carey Wilson and Rufus King, and the direction of Mitchell Leisen. The music is by Arthur Johnstone and the lyrics by Sam Coslow. In addition to MURDER AT THE VANITIES, there is a Mickey Mouse caricature, a Paramount newscast and a double reeler, THE WRONG DIRECTION. <br /> <br /> I do not agree with Lolly on the outcome, it is satisfactory if the top. Why would he blame the director? Was she upset with the end of the story, or the way it was staged? And what is a "show of ten, twenty or thirty"? Consider the blow taken on Busby Berkeley and his "overhead shots". As hard to believe it is today, the public was tired of Buzz's affairs in May 1934. Mitch Leisen said: "If you are presenting a theatrical show that is supposed to be in a theater, you must stay within the limits from "The proscenium arch, and do not do a Buzz Berkeley routine with a scenario that is large in acres". <br /> <br /> Q: Do not you think the spectacular effects of Berkeley are justified by taking this freedom ? ML: Apparently they did it because they are reliving all their photos and not mine, but personally I do not like it.
