I have read many comments about the film and why it is so difficult for people to believe that it is a sequel to Henry Fool, and although technically it is, I think that Fay Grim must be considered as something completely different. movie. The fact that it is the sequel does not mean that it has to be a direct continuation of the first, and I liked that a lot. The main objective of the film was to change direction from the beginning, which makes sense because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, it is Fay Grim. Apart from that, I thought the movie was so well made and thought that it really surprised me. I was hoping to rent another film that was almost released directly to the video and have to endure 2 hours of bad editing and an almost hard-to-follow story line (also known as the last video feature directly from Parker, Oh in Ohio), but this was so surprisingly well focused that almost does not look like it, which I loved. There are so many nuances in the making and writing of the movie that I want to see in the movies, but I never see them. The cinematography was brilliant because of its simplicity and the fact that the film seemed "grim" in terms of setting. The writing was very well organized too, who said that this movie is not as ingenious as Henry Fool needs to see again and really listen; I can hardly begin to explain how really funny it was, and relevant. And well, Parker Posey, who could complain? The scene in which Fool and Jalal talked in the dark was so captivating and moving. And I thought that the espionage throughout the movie was so hilarious and successful (in retrospect, because I agree that at some moments I felt lost). What impressed me the most about the film, and I think the objective of the film was Parker's love and naivety towards Fool, who was so endearing and became, yes, very quickly, from the denial of absolute passion . The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Obviously there were things that were not excellent, but nothing is perfect; part of the performance was bad, and sometimes I thought that part of the new story and the dialogue about terrorism became a bit difficult to follow, but in the end he understood and did not even care that in the end the time that may have escaped of your understanding. (This may also have to do with Goldblum's tendency to talk extremely fast) In general, I would say that it was probably one of the best movies I've seen this year; stylistically nice, witty and witty, performances that were so impressive that I've now gained a new respect for some of the actors, and a truly moving movie, and do not forget, a complete deviation from Fool. What was the point?
