In general terms, Fay Grim is a very entertaining thriller that features two of the most inexorably nice names in American films, Parker Posey, incredibly beautiful and elegant, and the charismatic and inevitably hilarious Jeff Goldblum. They have many scenes in the first half of the movie in which we see these two insatiable, intertwined presences, even radiating enchantment when Goldblum slips out of the shameless information of Hartley's brazenly. However, if one deconstructed Fay Grim, he would see many cases in which innumerable scenes could have been squeezed out to obtain a much greater benefit than the result. <br /> <br /> This type of filmed joke is the sequel to Henry Fool by Hal Hartley, which took place ten years earlier. Posey the title character, Posey, forced by the agent of the CIA Goldblum to track the notebooks that were the precious possessions of his missing fugitive husband, the titular antihero of the predecessor. Available within them is information that could grant the security of the United States. Fay first makes Paris get them, but is involved in an authentic celebration of espionage clichés that range from car bombs to ambiguous assistants to following the girl to double crosses and triple crosses. <br /> <br /> The main attraction of all this for me is that it is a novel approach to the sequel to a film about a warrior and a novelist who fights in a small town. In the original Henry Fool, Posey played a simple woman leading a very simple life. Hartley's talents do not reach the heights of many of the other independent rookies of the 1990s, but I admire her wild creativity by making her an inadvertent sister of Nearne, which gives her a terrible situation, as she did with her brother. of his character. by James Urbaniak, in Henry Fool, since she is trapped between them whether or not she can love her overwhelming refugee husband and Goldblum's problematic but forceful plans. <br /> <br /> However, Hartley is simply riding on that. fragmentary idea Its plot, although complex and labyrinthine, faithful to the form of the spy film, seems to be completely capricious. The reason why I did not get bored was mainly due to the pace with which the story unfolds, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of Hartley's cast is that I can not seem to love the rest of them. It has nothing to do with how dark they are compared to the relative stellar power of the two said masters of charm, but with the way they do not seem to keep up with them, although Saffron Burrows certainly approaches. Most of the scenes that do not involve Posey or Goldblum are too light for their feet, they chain us together with the dumps of information that we have no choice but to listen to or otherwise be totally lost in the sequence of subsequent scenes. They are shot almost entirely at mosaic angles, as if Hartley were compensating for that implacable feeling of lack of material. <br /> <br /> However, Liam Aiken, who plays the teenage son of Fay and Henry, has a seduce for him, seems wise beyond his years, no doubt much wiser than any of the adult characters. Maybe Hartley was pretending that, or maybe it's just Aiken's presence. The problem with a Hartley movie is that you never really know what was intended and what just happens. As Scorsese said, "cinema is a question of what is in the picture and what is outside." One has to be able to trust that what we see is a conscious decision of the filmmaker to remain in the finished film.
