Very well, this movie is the representation of several things. To begin with, this film is about a disgruntled student who brings a gun to school and shoots approximately 9 students. A student survives and is in the hospital with extensive head injuries. The main character is what several people consider a 'solitaire / gothic', even though the film says it is not like that. She seems quite mysterious, but she was also the only unhurt student in the victimized classroom. She was interrogated, because she has a history of knowing the shooter and having a record of being on the phone with him the night before. In any case, he is a very short and distant person who seems to despise society. However, due to some, in the first unexplained events, he spent approximately one year out of school, failing the grade. She has a desire to graduate, and the principle practically contradicts her, since the only possible way to pass is to spend time with the survivor, the girl in the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two tracks are almost totally opposite, and they are quite that socially. While Alisha is a calm and disturbed inner-disturbed 'goth' girl who spends her time completely alone (although she seems to read quite often, a bit like a wardrobe / book bag), the other girl is a rich The popular "bubbly" girl "who always seems incredibly optimistic and trapped in her own fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and its realism to survive. I feel that both roles do a wonderful job representing most of the "cliques" in modern secondary school, but more importantly, it shows how two totally opposite girls who do not know each other open up to each other. While the wounded girl learns a deep and meaningful truth about her life that was once protected and the outside world, Alisha learns that the total abandonment of society and the blocking of everything is not always the best. <br /> <br /> Many people will look at the connection between these two girls and see one of two things. Or, a disgusting and hateful girl who wants the rest of the world to suffer like her, confronting an innocent girl, OR the story of a fantasized and seemingly trapped girl who meets an outcast from society and learns not only to judge , but in reality he is, perhaps, one of the most intelligent people he has ever met. In other words, people can see this movie as a focus on Alisha teaching the other girl a lesson about life, but it's not about that. <br /> <br /> This movie is about SEVERAL things. While it is all that I have said, it is also representative of how people face a great life-changing catastrophe. Truly, this movie is not very symbolic, but it is incredibly direct with your message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind and your heart to some emotions that you may not be familiar with being portrayed so miraculously. <br /> <br /> In general, this movie is one of the best I've seen in my life. The acting is brilliant, the plot and the representation are deep and meaningful, and the emotion that flows throughout this film will make anyone not only relate, but possibly cry. This film is, by far, heartbreaking and very shocking, and if I ever believed that a movie could alter a person's life ... this would be the first one that could have changed mine. <br /> <br /> I loved it Movie, if you ever want a movie that is touching and shocking, while incredibly entertaining and REAL, look at this.
