Hal Hartley's Henry Fool was an independent film masterpiece and certainly his best work. It has a depth of immense character, a subtle and complicated dialogue and an excellent and emotional ending that captivates. I remember stopping it several times during my first viewing to absorb what I was seeing and feeling. Henry Fool was a complete film from start to finish, and he did not need a sequel. <br /> <br /> Therefore, I was surprised when I found out about Fay Grim. Fay was not one of the main characters of the first film and seemed to exist more as the disturbing imposition of vanity and ignorance of the real world so that his brother Simon is forced to deal with him as he matures. In her own film, Fay matures to herself, although her maturity takes a very different path. Simon went from almost autistic isolation to a merely somewhat introverted genius. Fay begins her adult journey as an immature child, completely normal, pampered and responds to the onslaught of ridiculous circumstances by becoming a mature adult, completely normal and experienced that has no advantages. She deals with problems as any human does, with determination, a little thought and with tired disdain. While Simon learned to control his mind, Fay learns to control his emotion. <br /> <br /> The movie contains several elements of his prequel remembered with much affection, but it differs greatly in the tone of most of the film. Henry Fool showed you a rough, boring and ignorant world that contrasted with Simon's inner passion and creativity. In Fay Grim, the world is a lively, crazy and emotional place that shows the foolishness of its young life and, through contrast, discovers the wise woman who had not been developed or fed previously by her equally weak mother. <br /> <The film consists of two parts: the first is about the beginning of Fay's fight and the subsequent hardening due to authoritarian hostility, and the second is about his battle to soften just enough to get Henry back. At first, fans of Henry Fool may wonder how the film can be considered a sequel and think it is profane to follow such an intense movie with antics of spy games and physical comedy. But here is where the subtlety of Fay Grim resides. The sequel is about Fay's journey, and as I said before, his is to find life-giving sanity in chaos, not creative chaos in the order of truth. Parker Posey is an excellent actress who perfectly captures the humor of Hal Hartley. Elina Löwensohn perhaps overshadows her in an emotional engagement with the role, which allows Parker to play a heterosexual man and a comedian against the animated and scenic comedy that happens around him. <br /> <br /> With Henry's entry to the scene, the film begins to take a sober turn. Hal Hartley's films are all played, and each move must complete the circle. In the end, he is shown that Fay's newly developed character and integrity are the offspring of his time with the Henry, who is extremely intense, and whose penetrating honesty and unique passion ignites a spark in anyone he meets. <br /> <br /> Fay Grim is an excellent film that does not surpass Henry Fool, but shows through the range of Hal that the nuances of his art are proof of his genius. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I think that anyone who hits this movie not only loses the point. For a mile (and especially the subtlety in Parker Posey's performance), but he could not have been very interested in the Henry Fool movie.
