Maybe I would have liked this movie more if I was not so attached to the characters of Henry Fool. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I would not worry. As Hartley joked in his introduction to the film in TIFF, the film has many exhibitions and explanations. <br /> <br /> This movie is very heavy on the plot, which keeps the movie moving. There are many comic moments and the film certainly has the characteristic humor of Hartley and the rhythm of dialogue. Above all, a technically well made film that will surely satisfy the new fans of Hartley who are just beginning to explore their work. As for the older fans who loved their previous works like Trust and Amateur, this movie could go in any direction. I have mixed feelings about the film and Hartley's later films in general. What Hartley does best is to put his stories in small situations, focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic ways in which his characters interact with each other. Since the late 90s and beyond, his films have expanded in terms of subject matter. The mass media in No Such Thing, religion in the book of life and now terrorism in Fay Grim. I do not know if Hartley's talents adapt to such a big issue or if he is capable of doing it justice. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about A woman who goes looking for the husband she loves. The only problem is that I've seen Henry Fool and everyone seems incredibly out of place in this movie. It can be said that this film was written long after Henry Fool was finished without any intention of a sequel. Somehow, the terrorist conspiracy feels conveniently added through the use of Henry's confession books as a macguffin (in the Hitchcockian sense). Fay's motivations for finding Henry seemed to be motivated solely by the needs of the plot rather than being faithful to whom Fay was as a person in Henry Fool. <br /> <br /> I think I'm a little disappointed with the movie because it's not like that. faithful to the characters of Henry Fool and it does not work exactly like a direct thriller. There is too much irony and irony in Hartley's approach to such important issues as terrorism. It somehow works and does not work at the same time. All I can say is that you would love or hate the movie depending on your opinion of Hartley's work and how well you know Hartley's work. The fans of Henry Fool, be severely warned by a disappointment. For the rest, welcome to Hal Hartley's world and enjoy the trip.
