Fay Grim is, in his face, a story of espionage and intrigue told with a nod and a wink. Like the sequel to his extraordinary Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates a surprising mixture of film noir and hard espionage thriller that begins with a knowing smile and a great deal of laughter and becomes as moving and warm as any movie he has seen this year. <br /> <br /> Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, an involuntary Mata Hari trapped between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fool and the questionable intentions of a charming CIA agent. As a Fulbright agent, Jeff Goldblum is a master of wit and sarcasm, in a role that seems to be tailored to his talents. It has never been better. James Urbaniak is the brother of Fay, Simon, imprisoned but known for his very popular poetry books. His love for his work and his sister bring a shock of passion to contrast the severe nature of the spies that eventually populate the world of Fay. And Liam Aiken is the 14 year old overexposed son of Fay. Although that may be redundant. The understated style of Aiken is remarkably "old soul" for someone his age. <br /> <br /> The full movie is filmed in a Dutch angle, the off-center style made famous by Orson Welles and used mainly in horror films and psychological thrillers to impart a sense of foreboding. In Fay Grim, using that style from opening credits to closing is intriguing at first, and deceptively clever the next. Just as the viewer begins to fall in love with the perfectly synchronized comic elements and the ingenuity of Hartley's brilliant script, something happens. The film takes a dark but strangely comforting turn when these characters become magically sympathetic before our eyes. What began as a dark comedy becomes a romantic drama, and the transition is masterful. The slow pace gives way to an impressive action, and we are caught in the vortex. <br /> <br /> In the end, Hartley's sharp dialogue combined with the incredible performances of a perfectly adapted ensemble cast creates a delicious cinematic cocktail. With the luxury of someone who can write, produce, direct, edit and even compose music, Hal Hartley has created an intelligent and sexy story of espionage with a tongue just planted on the cheek. Fay Grim is a part of Dashiell Hammett, a part of Raymond Chandler and a part of Ian Fleming, agitated and perhaps also agitated.
