The plot is never the strong point of a film by Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but the script of "Follow the Fleet" is exceptionally mediocre. Fred and Ginger still do well: they play "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional association ended when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationship generates some funny comedy moments. But for much of the movie, they take a backseat in a tedious side-argument about Sherry's sister, Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's trust with another woman and a old schooner that Connie inherited from her. father. Although Hilliard is quite charming, this plot is not interesting. <br /> <br /> But at the same time, "Follow the Fleet" is blessed with an exceptional Irving Berlin score that gives stars many opportunities to showcase their talents. . Astaire gets two good solos with "We Saw the Sea" and "I prefer to direct a band". He sings expressively and, of course, dances electrifyingly, and the sailor suit makes him look a little more childish and athletic than usual. Rogers sings the catchy "Let Yourself Go" and later does a single dance of the same melody. <br /> <br /> The three duets really save the movie, even though they are all in the plot with silly excuses. Fred and Ginger win a dance contest by doing an energetic routine for another repeat of "Let go." Later, they sing and dance "I'm putting all my eggs in a basket" as if it were an early rehearsal of the number, changing the choreography to the comic effect. In the end, the film finally discovers how to get Fred and Ginger in night clothes for a romantic duo, making it part of a show within the show. The situation is artificial, but the song, "Let's face music and dance", is one of the most sinuously beautiful things that Berlin has written (recalls Cole Porter), and the dance combines with elegance. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers. <br /> <br /> It would be a task to repudiate most of the dialogue sections of "Follow the Fleet" again, and, in fact, it is not necessary, because the plot seldom drives the musical. numbers. But I could see the songs again and again.
