If you have to believe in Hollywood, being in the Navy is nothing more than a stain. Although the sailors may complain in chorus about the monotony of the ocean, it seems that their oceanic obligations are completely non-existent, and somehow Fred Astaire finds enough free time during the day to offer dance classes to a fleet of possible romantics. Such is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's previous film, 'Top Hat (1935)', completely ignored the Great Depression that was currently bringing America to its knees, and presented the public with a brilliant world of rich and famous; It was the optimistic view of the movie about life that perhaps contributed to its success. Likewise, here Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is difficult and exhausting, and instead replaces the duties of a sailor with a variety of light and sticky musical numbers. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship broke down after the latter rejected a marriage proposal. After Bake returns from several years of service in the Navy, he finds Sherry as a dance presenter in an unsophisticated San Francisco ballroom. While the two former lovers try to court and reject each other, the simple sister of Sherry, music teacher (Harriet Hilliard, with a pretty look) receives a complete makeover and tries to charm the superficial sailor Bilgey "Smith" (Bergge "Smith) (Randolph Scott) There are many of the usual swindles of the inflated comedy, some moments of mistaken identity, and even a friendly trained monkey that steals all the scenes he is in. Particularly funny is the scene in which Bake sabotages an actor's audition to create a window for him, girl unfortunately separated for both, is an unfortunate Sherry who drinks baking soda and loses her ability to sing. <br /> <br /> 'Follow the Fleet (1936) 'was the fifth winning collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and the third (out of five) in which Sandrich directed the couple, Irving Berlin provided the music and lyrics of and the movie, and each musical number is pleasantly joyful and entertaining, even if they are not as memorable as those of 'Top Hat (1935),' Swing Time (1936) 'or' Shall We Dance (1937). Astaire tries to break free from his typical character of the rich man of the city, without much success, but it is difficult to imagine the artist without the carefree and youthful charm that could only accompany him to be considerably rich. The side plot of the romance between Connie and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (who wears a brown wig to avoid colliding with Ginger's blond hair) has a couple of emotive solo numbers, including " Get Thee Behind Me, Satan, "which was originally written for 'Top Hat'.
