Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, Hollywood's leading dance team, used to dress from top to bottom and glide through exaggeratedly elaborate Art Deco sets in the 1930s. However, they go a little more down in this presentation of 1936, the fifth of his ten musicals together. This time, Astaire gives up his top hat, white tie and tails to become a chewing gum sailor named "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays the ballroom artist Sherry Martin, who was Bake's partner (dancing and others) before she enlisted. Consequently, unlike the stratagems of mistaken identity and the romantic vacillations that prevail in most of their previous partners, they are already a couple since the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mark Sandrich (who guided five of his partners), the film has a narrative similarity to "Roberta" from 1935 in which they are one of the two couples that appear in the story. In fact, Randolph Scott plays the other male lead in both films, this time as Bake's female partner, "Bilge" Smith. It is associated not with Irene Dunne (who understandably rejected this follow-up) but with Harriet Hilliard. Newly married to Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet, Hilliard plays Sherry's sister, Connie, who falls in love with Bilge. In the stupid plot, a discolored blond girl gives her a makeover, and there's a classic Hilliard trio, Ball and an adorable Betty Grable doll in front of a mirror. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the story, what there is of one is attributed to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor and says something like this ... Bake and Bilge are on a ground permit in San Francisco, where they end up in a ballroom with his scandalous Companions. Bake finds Sherry working there, while Bilge meets Connie first when she introduces herself as a disheveled spinster and then appears as a glamorous girl. Romance flourishes for both couples. Connie and Sherry inherit a steamer from their father, but they need money to stay afloat. Multiple misunderstandings occur in both relationships, but everything is resolved when they turn the steamboat into a theater and organize a music event to raise funds. It's as silly as it sounds, but it provides a good excuse for some memorable Irving Berlin tunes and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dances. <br /> <br /> The first two are informal, a set of dance competitions until the percolating "Let Yourself Go", in which they look mercilessly to win, and a physical routine of comedy on board set in the theme "I'm Puting All My Eggs in One Basket". However, his last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully set in an impressive arrangement of "Let's face music and dance". Interestingly, this film contains not only a single Astaire dance, but the only time that Rogers had a solo dance for herself in one of her films, a tap energy routine newly configured for "Let Yourself Go". Dressed in a creamy satin sailor outfit, she also sings the same song with more success near the beginning of the movie. As for acting, Astaire and Rogers are in a typically tasty comic way here. While Scott plays his role with his characteristic wild-eyed virility, Hilliard is an extremely boring presence, and as a former singer of the band, he plays two Berlin love songs in a frustratingly shy way. In any case, the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers at its best makes this visualization essential. The 2005 DVD has several good extras that start with a thirteen-minute article, "Follow the Fleet: The Origins of Those Dancing Feet," about how Astaire and Rogers started working together. There is also a live action "soundie" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and his Dance Orchestra", a cartoon with the theme of poultry called "Let It Be Me", and the original trailer.
