['Hundstage is an intentionally ugly and disconcerting study of life in a particularly sad suburb of Vienna. It comes from the former documentary director Ulrich Seidl who adopts a very documentary approach to the material. However, the film moves away from the normal types and presents the characters that are best described as &quot;extremes&quot;; some are extremely lonely; some extremely violent some extremely rare some extremely tortuous some extremely frustrated and misunderstood; and so. The film combines several episodes of the close-up plot that interlace from time to time, and each follows the characters for a couple of days during a sweltering Viennese summer. Very few spectators will leave the film feeling entertained: the intention is to point out the many things that are wrong with people, the many ills that afflict our society in general. It is a movie that makes you think and your conclusions are quite condemnatory in general. <br /><br /> An old and fussy widower fantasizes about his cleaning lady and wants her to strip him while wearing the clothes of his late wife. A dancer from a night club competes with the perpetual and jealous behavior of her boyfriend and pilot. A couple who suffer for their dead daughter can no longer communicate with each other and seek comfort by having sex with other people. An abusive man mistreats his wife, but she forgives him again and again. A security salesman tries desperately to find the culprit of some vandalism in a workplace, but ends up getting involved with an innocent scapegoat. And a woman with mental illness keeps traveling with strangers and insulting them until they throw her out of the car! The lives of these disparate characters converge for several days during an intense wave of summer heat. <br /><br /> The despair in the film is palpable. Many scenes are characterized by long and uncomfortable silences that are twice as effective as a full dialogue passage. Then there are other scenes during which dialogue and on-screen events leave you stunned. In particular, a scene during which the security vendor leaves the hitchhiker at the mercy of a vengeful boy, to be beaten, raped and humiliated (thankfully, off the screen) by vandalism that she did not even do. Sour taste, almost angry. In another scene, a man has a lit candle in his back and is forced to sing the national anthem at gunpoint, all as part of his punishment for being unpleasant with his wife. While we may wish to encourage this bully to receive his improvement, at the same time we remain dismayed and bewildered by the nature of his punishment. In fact, these contrasts so rigid could act as a summary of the entire film: every moment of self-assurance is countered with a moment of coldness. Each fragment of hope is countered with a feeling of despair. For each character that may like or feel sympathy, there is another that promotes nothing but anger and hatred. We might want to get away from Hundstage, dismiss it as an exercise in misery, but it also points out some uncomfortable truths and that&#39;s why it should be applauded.']
