This film has to be classified as one of the most disturbing and fascinating films in years. It's one of the few movies, maybe the only one, that really gave me the creeps: not even Pasolini's Salo, with which this movie has a comparison, affected me that way. I saw echoes in the film of filmmakers like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself, what was it that made me feel like in the movie? I think the answer would be that I was watching a horror movie, but that it defies or even reverses the conventions of that genre. Typically, in a horror movie, horrible and terrifying things will happen, but on the margins of civilized society: abandoned houses, deserted hotels, castles, cemeteries, morgue, etc. This handling of the subject in horror is, I believe, a kind of defense mechanism, a principle of darkness and opacity that functions as a kind of projective space for the wishes and fears of the spectator. So, from this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror movie; It takes place in a perfectly normal society, and therefore does not get into the histrionics of the horror movie. But what he sees is the displacement of certain key themes of the horror genre, especially in relation to the body and its violation, the stages of fear and torture to which it can be subjected. What Seidl does is to use the adjustments of a middle-class everyday society as a scenario in which a repetitive game of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack and violation of intimacy and integrity is transmitted: precisely the themes you will find in the horror, but subject to a principle of light and transparency from which there is no escape. It is precisely within this displacement that the power of Seidl's film resides. Hundstage deals with these issues according to the everyday, shows them in daily repetition, instead of sites of extremities and catharsis, a movement that would find in this genre of terror. An important point of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way of mixing the political with the personal in his films, a tactic of melodrama that allowed him to deal seriously and even morally with political issues such as racism, domination, desire, questions of property, sexual property and control, fascism and capitalism, etc. Seidl's tactic of making the mechanisms of everyday society the subject of his film puts him very close to Fassbinder; Like this German ally, he has a kind of political vision of society that he believes it is his responsibility to present in his films. During a seminar at this year's Gothenburg Film Festival, in which Seidl was invited, he was asked why he would have so many cases of women raped and subjugated in Hundstage, but no case of a woman counterattacking, freeing himself. Seidl responded that some may see it as immoral to show violence against women, but that he himself felt that it would be immoral not to show it. An artistic statement as good as any, I think. Thank you.
