To shorten and not spoil everything that this film is about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief, which ruins a large delivery of stolen cars (50 in total). Then he is threatened with being killed by the man who gave him the "order". The goal now is to get 50 stolen cars in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a reinforcement of retirees and also the brother of Kip and a couple of old friends of Randall. As you can see, this is the same thing that the old and big brother needs to get out of trouble routine and, of course, Randall is the best thief that ever existed. Of course, as in all other movies, there are also some setbacks and surprises that you would never have thought, but sometimes it is also predictable, so there is nothing special about the story. <br /> <br /> At this point, you're probably wondering why this is about 51 times bigger than HOT, since there are only 50 beautiful, fast, great and expensive cars to be stolen. Well, the other important element of this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who will be a great STAR (trust me)) She is not only very convincing in the role of car theft, but she is also very good. It's not as hot as it is beautiful, but it's cold and sexy, she was very credible in this role, probably because she's also a kind of wild woman in real life (do not believe me, read her biography) and, her sexy part, just see for yourself, man, I only know that she plays the kind of girl that I like in this movie, because it's not too conventional, it looks a bit alternative and even comes with a tattoo. > <br /> OK, the only disadvantages I felt While watching this movie, there is not much action, there is a totally unreal scene, the story is just fine and there are not many jokes ... Hey, but after watching the whole movie I must say: WHO CARES YOU, why should I say that, well why Was it still entertaining? Had a couple of cold chases in good car music; some scenes of Bruckheimer (where the combination of music and the lines of actors make your eyes get wet); good actors who all did their job; Pretty cars a sexy lady, wild and sexy (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and last but not least, very nice tools to drive the cars. So some disadvantages here, but it's still a pretty good and entertaining movie. In general, the best way to describe this movie is that it is a general movie that is good, with a great image. Final Feelgood. <br /> <br /> As for Nicolas Cage, good? He is currently one of my favorite actors in the action genre, after such good films as The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally this one. Also, what actor has had so much good action / suspense in recent years and so many successes? Well nobody! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he's one of my favorites too. One thing that is true about the films of Mr. Cages Bruckheimer is that they continue to get worse. The Rock, it was a clear 9, the air of Con was a good 8 and this well, clearly is a 7. It is not that that mark is bad. Does not it show that his films under Bruckheimer continue to get worse and that maybe Cage has to think more before accepting a role in a movie and probably should do a few less films? No, he does not show it to us, because almost all of Cage's films were successful in recent years, except 8mm and Bringing the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit it, but that was never Cage's fault and the story seemed good to me. I can not say anything about the last movie, because I have not seen it yet. One thing, although I know for sure, if Bruckheimer had asked me for those three films, I would have answered YES to all of them. I would have said yes to The Rock, because the story was great and because you could play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would have said yes to Con Air, because there would be a lot of action, because the story was good and because I had to act with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In this case, I would have starred because I got a big paycheck, I could have driven some cool and fast cars and because I could have kissed Angelina Jolie (I can not wait to see her in that Lara Traje de croft). This was a good choice for Mr. Cage and it was definitely worth seeing in the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
