Well, this was definitely a surprise episode. In this series of science fiction anthology, with all these alien beings, extraordinary events and many brushes with the afterlife, this episode would certainly be considered unusual. Their seemingly insignificant adjustments apparently do not impart any morals at the end of the story. Or does it? Beginning with the silent movie form, no dialogue is recorded, but it has musical accompaniment. In this case, it is on the sound track, not using the organ or piano playing by a musician who is in sight. This part of the episode, along with the final section, also made liberal use of the title cards, as did "the old movies". While these titles are a little exaggerated and exaggerated, they are made intentionally and with an affection rather than any contempt for The Silent Film. <br /> <br /> Veteran comedy film director, Norman Z. McLeod, was the man In the chair for this half hour. He had been the Director of many of the greatest comedies of all time, with people like Marx Brothers, W.C. Fields, Harold Lloyd and Danny Kaye. He was no stranger to television, since he had worked hard on the television series. <br /> <br /> It does not appear that he and Mr. Keaton have worked together before (since I can not find any evidence of this) 'but judging by the outcome of the film, they managed to do it with great success! Anyone who ran Keaton knew that Buster was also an excellent comedy director and a comedy player. He was as comfortable behind the camera as he was in front of her. Your brief association must have been harmonious, with 'give and take' on how to do things. It is evident that many of the gags were from Keaton, resurrected from their own Silent Picture Days. For example, the joke of putting on the pants with Rollo (Stanley Adams was made by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in one of the Arbuckle 2 Reelers, THE GARAGE (1919).) That was a clear example of his craft in a few words. <br /> <br /> Buster knew that we were filming our world with a camera, turning it into a two-dimensional image.This fact is at the bottom of so many gags.It is a Cardinal Rule for filming. <br /> < The cast was small and, once again, full of veteran talent, Stanley Adams was Rollo and he was the straight man of Mr. Keaton, Jesse White, the old Maytag Repair Man, ran the shop. repairs that corrected the 'Time HJelmet' Gil Lamb, serene veteran of the short comedy series RKO, was the 1890 policeman. James Flavin, George E. Stone, Harry Fleer, Warren Parker and Milton Parsons completed this largely silent . <br /> <br /> Without spilling the beans, let's say yes, it's likely Let there be a lesson to be learned here. If it is not the only one mentioned, "The grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence!", And then, how about, "Be careful what you ask for, because you can get it!"
