This is an intelligent episode of TWILIGHT ZONE that was more comical than strange or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, an 1890 American caretaker, who works in a laboratory. He is constantly trying to understand the problems of life that surround him: the meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb. Inaudito!). He is always screaming in search of crazy sprinters (on bicycles: the cars have not appeared yet). Holding on to the end, he sees a helmet as a device of a scientist, puts it on and tests it. Suddenly he is in modern America. The beginning was a silent movie of seven minutes. Now everything is noise, everything speaks, everything beeps, everything blows. Keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He meets Stanley Adams, a Rollo teacher, who realizes that Mulligan is from c. 1890 (mentions President Cleveland). Rollo has always wanted to live in that charming and quiet time. Help Mulligan repair his helmet, and go back in time. Rollo gets bored after a while, due to the lack of scientific equipment he can use. Mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him to the future. But now Woodrow is completely happy with the quiet and simple age in which he lives. He has found satisfaction. <br /> <br /> In his last fifteen years, Buster Keaton was on television frequently (many times for Allan Funt in CANDID CAMERA, where he could help set up gag vision tricks in the audience). He did some movies too (especially a funny thing that happened on the way to the forum and the coffin). But from time to time he appeared in games and television episodes. He is in his element here, presumably advising the director (former comedy director Norman McLeod - he led the Marx Brothers in HORSE FEATHERS) about the tricks he could do. Watch Stanley Adams and his son Adams pick him up when he's snatching a pair of pants he needs. As for time, he remembers one of the gags he made in the 20s in films like SHERLOCK JR. The episode shows Keaton in good spirits for a man in his sixties. <br /> <br /> The appearances of Jesse White (here as a repairman, of all things) are always welcome. But look a little at "Professor Rollo." Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in film and television from the 1950s until his tragic suicide in 1977. Plump, with a careless appearance and a strong and booming voice, his best-known dramatic role was that of a fighter in the film version of REQUIEM. FOR A HEAVY WEIGHT (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a fighter who wears an Indian costume). His best-known television appearance was as the space trader presenting the crew of Starship Enterprise in STAR TREK to those hairy and fertile creatures "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams was always worth seeing (like Jesse White, and certainly like Keaton), improving most of the productions in which he appeared. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad ending for a first class actor.
