Cosimo (Luis Guzmán) ends up in jail for stealing a car and there he is given the plan for the perfect theft of a person who is in jail; So he has to get out of jail, fast. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who makes his time in prison for some money. But nobody wants to make time for Cosimo's crime and yet, everyone seems to know a guy who will do that. Soon the evil boxer But Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) discovers the details of this so-called "perfect work". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very funny and, from my point of view, I would recommend it to everyone. This movie is a new version of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not see the Italian original, so I can not judge or compare those two films. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy for herself, about four people trying to steal the money from the vault in a house. Everyone gave their part of brilliance of this movie. Really excellent film for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Luis Guzman, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their part in this project. <br /> <br /> Maybe to say that this movie is just a comedy, it's not fair. This is more than that. Due to a difference. All the thieves in this movie have very small desires when they are asked: what will they do with their money? It is above all to secure your future in a very humble way. This fact goes beyond the comedy in the soul of criminals. And not only to them, but also to the police Babitch, who is presented as corrupt; So here the Russo directors present us with the fact that criminals and police are equal. Actually, everyone in Collinwood is; and not only in Collinwood, because all people pursue money, legally or illegally. I do not like all the movies in which the public finally wants and encourages the thieves. But, this is an exception. You have to love them all. Riley with her little baby and his wife in jail. Toto with his pants. Cosimo with his phrase: "Your mother is a whore!" and all the others They are like the characters in my favorite comic book, Alan Ford. Everyone tries to earn some money, but they just do not have luck. But everyone did a good deed: they gave Riley money so he can get his wife out of jail. All are heroes in my eyes, because many "honest" people would not do that.
