The first time I saw the movie at age 14, I remember being surprised to hear the word 'govno' (sh * t) for the first time on the then Soviet television (I bet it was really the first time in history. add this to the trivia section? :) ... What open audacity and freedom, I thought! As the years passed, I was more and more impressed by the film and the incredible performance, but my feelings became a kind of mixture of enjoyment of a genuine piece of cinematographic art and a bitter realization of a concept diametrically opposed to me. and 18 years old. impression: impotence There is an air of inevitable catastrophe that looms throughout the film, of the primitive degenerate tide (embodied by Sharikov) that devastates the lives of the best minds that advance humanity in their areas ... It is a great metaphor for the Russian revolution in general, inspired by intellectuals ashamed of their superiority and the hope of "improving" the lower classes, only to unleash the power of mediocrity and be swallowed by it ... An extremely fine and talented piece, which envelops a truly sad idea in a brilliant and satirical and elegant way. Symbolically, the film itself marked the end of the era of Soviet film traditions before the Hollywood tsunami toppled them. for good, apparently, judging from most of the current Russian films (most of them are labeled 'blockbusters' at the premieres and on the posters :). <br /> <br /> It is curious that the episode of 'govno' is not contradictory For the comment of Efenstor above, the rude language of the current generation ... From what I have already said, it might seem that this could be the movie that showed the way for this, but it was not. A soft word by current standards, it was too rude at the time, and rude enough to show the true nature of all Sharikovs ... By the way, with respect to Efenstor's lament, he is so naive as to juxtapose being intellectual and use rude lexicon, especially for Russian speakers, where a single word could have meanings that carry sentences in the translation! But I join in spite of the fact that ALL the meaning in the conversation of teenagers today can be expressed in the wrong words. I feel that this is the bigger problem than choosing the medium that is most efficient for the task :) Well, this movie and the book are a great food for thought that could change them, or anyone who can afford to see it .
