This film (and yes, it's a movie, it was filmed as a double film, but the two parts together are reduced to just over 2 hours) is one of the unknown masterpieces of world cinema. A very well-educated and, at the same time, absolutely savage film about the Soviet regime and the kind of person who flourished under it, the film is a faithful adaptation of Mikhail Bulgakov's long-time book of the same name. The sets are impeccable, and the director made the brilliant decision to shoot in monochrome sepia, adding a sense of authenticity in which an incarnation of faded color from the late 1980s would have ruined the film. I will not say much about the plot, which deserves to be discovered by the spectator, but the performances are true material of Oscar; Special mentions are made to E. Evstigneev, who plays the old professor with so much presence, seriousness and wisdom that with just a word or a gesture, he ends up stealing all the scenes in which he finds himself. The second, of course, is Creature / Sharikov. , who, interpreted to the horrible perfection of V. Tolokonnikov, is a character much more frightening than Hannibal Lecter, because not only exists in real life, but in countries like him, throughout history, with everything that follows . <br /> <br /> While it is a socio-political allegory, it is worth mentioning that the film is also full of humor, though obscure. There are many comedies that have not made me laugh as much as this movie. Also, when you laugh at this movie, the feeling is not just hilarity, but understanding and agreement, which is always a plus point. <br /> <br /> I barely have a complaint with this movie: the only slight flaw is the intellectual / bourgeois snobbery tone that I sometimes caught from the "enlightened" characters. But that is a minor issue. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie seems to have been ignored by Western licensing companies. It's a real shame that one of the best movies in the world is unrestored and untranslated (which should not be incredibly difficult, although all cultural references and revolutionary terminology will necessarily fade into translation, the main themes of the film should be be accessible to all). While we are waiting with the Critically Fingered edition, I am considering creating English subtitles myself. We'll see how that works.
