Ok, after reading a couple of comments on Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clear up some misunderstandings as to what a direct Nadia scam is: Secret of the Blue Water. The only part that was a Nadia scam is that Nadia's pendant and the Atlantis pendant are so similar in terms of how it is used, the origins and how it is created from the source of life that there is no doubt that is copied If you want to consider how they dress like Kida and Nadia, then you could also put that on Disney (it was kind of weird that Nadia and Kida wore those bikini-style clothes in an adventure science fiction, not to mention that they both moved a similar style too. ). As an anime fan, I agree that there is some degree of copy, but it is only in the minor details and although many of the ideas are not original (such as the design of the wall cipher in Laputa, the ancient mask of the Princess Mononoke, the similarity of vehicles to the submarine Garfish in Nadia, etc.) ... The plot itself is very original and it is quite surprising that Disney can do it without the use of Captain Nemo (the main character in the Leagues of 20k by Jules Verne Under the Sea who is also the main character in Nadia). As for Mylo and Jean with glasses of similar style ... As shown in the novel "The Lord of the Flies", the glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Mylo, Jean, the main character of Stargate and a dozen other "SMART" characters would be unfit for the role if they entered without glasses. As for the submarines, and how the submarines fight (with those wide-blast torpedoes that really look like what Nautilius does), I mean it's a necessary element for either of them if Atlantis is involved in the plot (after of everything, it is a city sunk under the waters). As for the crew that bears some resemblance to the crew of Nautilius in Nadia, it could be the work of art, but I do not feel any copyright infringement since the personalities of the character were perfectly original to me. As an anime fan who rated Nadia as the best animated number 1 I've seen, even today. I have my doubts about Atlantis when I first saw the preview. But now that I've seen the movie, I once again regained my confidence in Disney and have high hopes for future films after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney movie so far without me shuddering the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie and it's an advantage that they revised their cheesy scripts to make it even better. Also, it's surprising that they actually portray the bad guys with a normal look without being too bad at first (I was wondering who the bad guys are and only the blonde girl looks like the appearance of a bad character in terms of how Disney draw, also known as making the bad guys look really threatening)
