After seeing two of his silent shorts, 'Elena and her Men (1956)' is my first feature film by the French director Jean Renoir, and I enjoyed it a lot. However, I did not see the film for Renoir, but for the star Ingrid Bergman, who? at 41 years ?? It still radiates unsurpassed beauty, elegance and charm. In the early 1950s, after his scandalous marriage to the Italian Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily lost favor with the public. Her next five films, directed by her husband, were unsuccessful in the United States, and I suspect that Renoir's latest release did little to improve Bergman's popularity among the English-speaking public. However, she regained her previous success with an Oscar in the same 'Anastasia (1956)' of the year. She plays Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees herself as a kind of guardian angel, bringing success and recognition to promising men around the world, before quickly abandoning them. While working on her lucky charms to help the political aspirations of the distinguished General Francois Rollan (Jean Marais), she finds herself in love with the one she can not get away from. This vaguely political film works well as a satire or a romantic comedy, as long as you do not take it too seriously; It is a purely cheerful romantic fluff. <br /> <br /> Filmed in vibrant Technicolor, 'Elena and Her Men' also looks fabulous, a flurry of bright colors, characters and costumes. The Polish princess of Bergman is a dreamer and somewhat absorbed in herself, not in a disagreeable way, but hardly a woman of high principles and convictions. A team of clumsy government conspirators has persuaded her to convince General Rollan to take a coup d'etat and, knowingly, exploit her love for her to satisfy her own deceptions as a "guardian angel." Perhaps the only legitimately virtuous character in the film is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then husband of Audrey Hepburn), who ignores the selfish secondary motives of everyone else and pursues Elena for love and only for love. This, Renoir suggests with pride, is what real French people do best. 'Elena and her men' also try, with moderate success, to expose the superficiality of the French links of the upper class, through the clumsy activity of Eugène (Jacques Jouanneau), who can not make love to his servant without your boyfriend gets closer. in them. For these sequences, Renoir was obviously trying the kind of crazy humor you might find in a Marx Brothers movie, but the movie itself is so relaxed and relaxed that the energy simply is not there.
