Since my third or fourth visit a while ago, I have abstained from La Maman et la putain while I wait for the DVD. Meanwhile, I read the French script and Alain Philippon's monograph on Jean Eustache. The latter ends with a frustrating filmography, eleven films, fiction, doc, and in the middle, impossible to see or, in the cases of Petites amoureuses and Le Père Noël ..., to see again. <br /> <br /> Some questions that hit me at this moment: the French of Véronika polish is quite colloquial (a maximum d '"a maximum d'"). Even so, do you have an accent? I think I can say that it does. What adds the absence of color, especially in the single point in which the fringe of the city can be seen? How is this fringe of the dream different from the journey that separates the worlds of The Tempest and The Winter's Tale? The same Alphaville. We can imagine the years that have passed since we've done it, but does Eustache deliberately circumscribe the film environment? Is this an enchanted island? Is Alexandre a fairy tale? Alexandre is always choreographing himself, worrying about how or where to stand or walk, what to say when, announce these decisions to who has to worry less about what he does what he does. Or is this his way of trying to choreograph others by doing it himself? How different is he from Scottie from Vertigo? (I say, I think, very.) What is the difference, and is there one, between Léaud de Eustache, and Truffaut, and Godard? How different is the present Léaud? Are you still not doing it, whatever it is, in recent roles, Irma Vep, Le Pornographe, whatever it is, old age is approaching? Once I arrived early for one of a series of Truffaut movies mainly by Antoine Doinel (the character of Léaud). For a long time, every three or five minutes, a man in his twenties would come down the corridor wearing a scarf, a tweedy coat, and Léaud's hair, with a nose looking for direction. I have no idea if this was conscious or unconscious mimicry. I was that age, but I have no idea how I looked then. No scarf, at least. However, I have a brother who seems to have learned his car from Bresson.
