First of all, I really enjoyed this movie and its message, which is about daring to live life to the fullest. Very poetic, with moving, funny and sad scenes, very lively, it was a pleasure to see it. However, here are my "exceptions": the film was too long and, at some point, it continued adding more and more additional conflicts so that it began to lose the main line of the story. However, I do not agree with another comment that it is not realistic to have so many people with "strange" problems in such a small town. I think this was absolutely realistic! There are incredible dramas everywhere, we just do not know this about people we know only superficially. I did not like the ending, which was so charged with symbolism and extremely forced. It left a bad taste because it was too much. I did not like dramatically mentioning so many important issues in the group (when some accused others in front of everyone else for important things, people would feel more "ashamed" to express everything so personal in front of everyone, even if those people are a group with which one is working closely). And: defending oneself is the strongest instinct of human beings. So, why the hell did Daniel let himself be defeated and never defend himself, not even to defend himself? I mean, I was not weak, at least I could try to defend myself when I was attacked, but I was mad when I saw that I was not doing anything. It was as if the narrator tried to convey a message like "violence is not necessary", but the way he decided to do it was not good. I am also against violence, but the character loses credibility when he remains motionless despite all the attacks. And: Gabriella ... why the hell a woman, who has spent years with a man hitting her, goes to that man when he is arrested and says: "I do not wish you any harm, you just did the best you can, like everyone we ". Oh, seriously, this spoiled so much! Would she be a saint or what? It would be normal for her to be bitter but not so "holy" and, therefore, not human. Was it her work with Daniel and the music so great that it made her forget everything that happened to her? Oh please. Therefore, these were the moments of deterioration. However, I still think that this is a lovely movie in general, which is quite surprising, given my discomfort with some things. Look at it!! ;-) "
