The famous international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) suffers a heart attack with his stressful professional life and interrupts his successful career with an early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in northern Sweden, where his mother left when he was a sensitive seven-year-old boy harassed by Conny and other schoolmates to live a low-life life. He buys an old school and local pastor Stig (Niklas Falk) invites him to participate in the church choir, but reluctant and timid Daniel refuses to accept the principle. However, she becomes involved with the community and is attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past with the local doctor. His music opens the hearts of the members of the choir, affecting his daily life: the slow Tore (André Sjöberg) has the opportunity to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), Stig's wife, frees her repressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes an attitude against her abusive and violent husband; the gossiped and frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens her heart against Lena; the fat Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) cries enough against the jokes of businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); Even Daniel begins to love people and Lena as the love of his life. When invited to participate in a major contest in Vienna, Daniel discovers that his music opens the hearts of the people who make his dream come true. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a moving and sensitive film, with A very beautiful story. It's amazing how the director Kay Pollak and the screenwriters have been able to develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes in a row. The performances are top-notch, backed by a magnificent musical score and at least two amazing moments: when Gabrielle sings her song at the concert, and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the audience, the jury and all the participants in the melody, and Daniel making his dream come true As in "Theorem", the stranger changes lives, not only of a family, but of a conservative community. In addition, like many European films, the open conclusion indicates that Daniel really died, at least in my performance, achieving peace with the success of his music. My eyes got wet in these two scenes. My vote is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Life in Paradise")
