This is a very interesting BBC-TV miniseries that is loosely based on a mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is rather a study of the varied characters of the story, which lasts five hours. Therefore, it is very much a piece of ensemble, where the wide variety of brilliant British actors and actresses can show their talents. The real characters depicted are actually "the kind of people you do not normally meet," people so boring and anodyne that it's hard to admire them. For example, the main character is a young husband (one whose wife disappears) who has no job and has no apparent interest in finding him. He lives on pamphlets from his in-laws. Once he was in the Army, but he does not seem to have the slightest flicker of ambition or interest in life, apart from being enchanted with his small family. He is played by David Oyelowo, who is brilliant in the role, and presents himself as a totally sympathetic person, although his only activities for five hours are to love and cry, which he does in an extraordinary way, for which one wants to console him, such How is it. so obviously a good boy The outstanding performance of the whole series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, who acts in circles around all the others in history. She is simply amazing. She represents a very unfriendly woman, in fact, the only character in the story who is very familiar to all, namely, an idiot woman of advanced age, irrational, hysterical, self-centered, dense, complaining, who loves blindly and who hates blindly. Oh, alas, we know them too well. Wilton is one of the best British actresses (see my review on her in 'Half Broken Things'). She takes a character that could have been two-dimensional and makes it four-dimensional. She is wonderfully supported by the old professional Patrick Malahide, who plays her exasperated husband, and the pair of them sets a high standard for all younger players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress when she was younger, has become a much less sympathetic type of person now that she is older, has hardened in some way and turns off, but redeems herself in the last stages of history by showing how brilliant an actress can be when she has the chance to achieve one of the most convincing and original drunk scenes I've seen in the film. The big surprise is the enigmatic character Sarah, played with great depth and originality by the actress Sarah Smart. She takes a character that could have been unbearably tedious and, by sheer action, magic makes her a deeply mysterious and intriguing person, whom we tirelessly ask ourselves for the full five hours. She is so good at it that we end up wondering about Sarah Smart, frankly. I guess that's what happens when you really do your job correctly, that people ask where the character ends and the actress starts, if she knows herself, that is, and many do not. He has some deeply puzzling tricks with his eyes, which stagger and let us know that he is deranged, but we are not sure how or why, although in the end we discovered that he had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. His mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is amazingly convincing as a seemingly hopeless man who lives with his mother and is not too much, but who has hidden depths. (I guess most people have hidden depths, but if we want to probe them, that's the question). His mother is very well played by Margot Leicester. Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a disheveled and disgusting teenager of the type that we all know, gives an excellent performance, but at crucial moments collapses into helpless tears and is pathetic, with all her arrogance just a pose. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's friend, and her younger half-brother and step-sister. The younger brothers may be very weak as characters in the story (they seem unable to say anything particularly articulate, being desperate witnesses to the disappearance), with little to recommend, but their sweet nature, but that is transmitted to the wonderful effect of Lee. Massey as the child and Tyler Anthony as the child. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we do not see much, which is a shame, since she is such a good actress that we waste her here. One could follow, but one should draw a line somewhere. The series manages to be strangely fascinating due to the depth of representation of all these essentially uninterested people caught in a web of intense anxiety and suspense.
