Even so, the final program on World War II, The World At War, is not only long, but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts approximately 45 minutes), and includes the events before and after the war. Most episodes are about the war in Europe, and there are several episodes about the war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information on the wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic and the local fronts of Germany, Great Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is an episode that is dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with the episode A New Germany (1933-1939), and talks about the rise of the Nazis in Germany and the German territorial gains before the outbreak of the war. The series ends with the episode Remember; The influence of war in a postwar world. Remember that it is an appropriate episode to finish this great program. Each episode begins with a brief introduction and then with the initial credits. The credits are accompanied by a powerful musical theme. There are many suitable pieces of music throughout the series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The archival material is fantastic, and so is the way it was made. In addition, some of the images are in color. The information included also makes the episodes memorable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (United Kingdom). Commissioner in 1969, took four years to produce, such was the depth of his research. The series was narrated by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and revered actors of the 20th century). The series interviewed the main members of the Allied and Axis campaigns, including testimonies of witnesses, civilians, enlisted men and officers, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis Le May, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss , Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and the historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says in "The Making of The World at War" that he sought to interview, not necessarily the big surviving names, but their assistants and assistants. The most difficult subject to locate and persuade to be interviewed, according to Isaacs, was Heinrich Himmler's assistant, Karl Wolff. The latter admitted having witnessed a large-scale execution in the presence of Himmler. <br /> <br /> World At War is often considered the definitive television history of World War II. Some consider it the best example of the documentary form. In a list of the 100 best British television programs produced by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted by industry professionals, The World at War ranked 19th. The program has everything the viewer needs to know about the war. After watching some episodes, I liked the series so much that I tried to see the remaining episodes one after the other. I have seen some of them several times. There are two other great documentary series that I know that may be of interest to the viewer. One is called The Great War (1964) which deals with the First World War. The other one is called Cold War (1998) which is about the Cold War, obviously.
