Laurence Olivier's music and somber presentation set the perfect tone for this excellent documentary. This is a must-see for fans of World War II, the descendants of the participants in that conflict, the politicians who think that things always go in their favor when they extend their foreign policy through the deck of an aircraft carrier (? Did you hear that George Bush?) And any other curious person or need to know why some aspects of that conflict. The 26 episodes are more or less in chronological order, but they can be seen out of sequence as they are more or less independent. There is likely to be a new vision for the new viewer due to the large volume presented. The real images of the battles are interspersed with interviews with those involved in the stories. Many of the interviews are with second-line authorities, that is, support staff of the main characters, private, captains, secretaries, eyewitnesses and the like. You get a real initial taste of what war is. <br /> <br /> I am currently watching the DVD version of the original television documentary. I highly recommend this in lieu of the worn, clueless and overrated VHS offers available on eBay. I paid $ 120 Cdn for five 2-sided DVDs. This new version includes extra material and is in full screen mode. The menus are easy to follow, first there is an option of which episode you want to watch and then, after selecting, you are given the option of several chapters in the episode or to play the whole episode. It is understandable that with such a complete presentation there is a small amount of navigation on the menu, but the impact of what you will see does not diminish after 30 years, no, after 60 years since the war ended. <br /> <br /> I remember seeing the first transmission at the Buffalo PBS station just before moving from London in 1975 and wishing from that moment I could have a copy. Now my wish has finally come true. <br /> <br /> Watch this documentary. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and challenges overcome by those of America, Russia, Great Britain, Canada and all other nations and peoples involved in the final victory. What opens the eyes.
