This interesting feature has a very fine story, colorful characters and a very steady rhythm. it also incorporates a plot device of "Reap the Wild Wind", and since Cecil B. Deille directed that and his son-in-law Anbthony Quinn directed this film from his preparations, that can hardly be a coincidence. It works in both cases, I must inform. The unusual configuration tells the viewer that Barataria, an island ruled by Jean Lafitte, is based on piracy, but during the War of 1812, and before, it has always refrained from bothering United States ships. Now, General Andrew Jackson has been accused of defending nearby New Orleans with only 12,000 men against 60,000 British redcoats and 60 ships. The men of Lafitte want him to side with the strongest force; he wants freedom and forgiveness for his men before giving up such a strategic landing point to the forces of the United States. There are other factors at play in the story line; The pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack the ships of the United States and do so in defiance of Lafitte's orders, leaving a child alive without knowing that they have lost an eyewitness. When his testimony finally comes out, Jackson can not grant what Lafitte asks; but Lafitte supports him anyway and in the fog, the pirates and Jackson defeat the British and he sails to whatever fate awaits a man who had genius and political ability, but not fortune. The cast of this colorful and physically charming film is really skillful. Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as the pirate king, Inger Stevens is beautiful; As the girl he loves, Charles Boyer has many good lines as his advisor, the mighty Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Marshall the governor, and Claire Bloom is charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Others in the cast include Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as Jackson's adviser, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley, among others. The music of Elmer Bernstein is very memorable, and the 1938 screenplay remade here only had to be renovated a bit. The brilliant photograph was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs, the decoration of the stage was provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, with the decoration of Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and the costumes of Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley made elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore made makeup difficult. The film contains a good dialog at the level of adventure and a very strong climate battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, prepared to play the role of an old general and then discovered that the man was young at the time of the battle; but he is often effective, gray-haired or not, especially in his exchanges with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. This is an exciting and well-assembled entertainment that looks exactly as if C.B. DeMille would have completed his production; It is a beautiful film and almost very thin.
