If my expectations were not met, they were certainly fulfilled. "Nancy Drew" works both as a mystery and as a comedy. It pays homage to the books on which it was based and falsifies them at the same time. The film begins with a close-up on a book shelf and an animated sequence of credits that resembles the illustrations in the books. Then he begins lampooning the books immediately. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to realize that the idea of ​​a teenager breaking regular criminal gangs in a small city is ridiculous, so she does not treat the idea in a religious way. She mocks Nancy Drew's ability to do anything, like recognizing each class at school, knowing what baked goodie is perfect to turn any enemy at her side, making a birdhouse with twelve flying buttresses and even making a emergency tracheotomy at one hour. match. Nancy would always be in perfect style, if she lived in the healthy 1950s instead of the current L.A. And it carries with it a complete "detective kit" with fingerprints such as dust, flashlight, compass and magnifying glass. Preposterous, of course, but I seem to remember that the access of the Hardy Boys at any given time to the CSI team is also a bit too convenient. And if the cheerful private eye is a little younger than its literary counterpart, it's simply a comic exaggeration on the part of the movie. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the film is handled more seriously. Nancy and her lawyer's father moved from their small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy investigates a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new home decades ago. Nancy looks for clues in very practical ways, such as browsing websites like Google and this one and watching old videos of the victim's movies. When she does something more out of the ordinary, you have to admire the girl's wit. Emma Roberts, a girl undoubtedly cute, plays wonderfully amateur detective the size of a pint. She makes the girl too perfect, completely adorable, if not completely realistic. Tate Donovan is also great as the father of the too-perfect girl, Carson Drew. He is an ideal father figure without being unrealistically perfect, and shows a reasonable concern for his daughter when she puts herself in danger. Less pleasant is the opinion of Max Thierot about Ned Nickerson, Nancy's boyfriend. I much preferred the performance of George O'Hanlon Jr. in the television series of the 1970s, starring Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was a clumsy and clumsy child with a small crush on Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty), a twelve-year-old boy in love with Nancy, is much less annoying than Max Thierot's Ned. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem appropriately chosen as the friends of Nancy, Bess and George, but only make brief comments at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Speaking of cameos, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("Ocean's 13"), and Bruce Willis make surprise appearances, which shows you can never guess which Bruce Willis movie will appear next . <br /> <br /> The movie is not up to some potential. It was mentioned from the beginning that the new house of the Drews is very trapped, but Nancy and her father ended up stumbling over the traps for a few minutes after that. In addition, Nancy describes the cold case she is about to investigate as a murder that is being committed at an extravagant party, which should lead to many potential murderers, but only meets a handful of suspects. And while there are some moments of real suspense during the adventures of Nancy, the solution to the case comes from nothing, and in the end all the possible threads of the plot are tied very conveniently and who cares who did it. Ralph Sall's score adds to the suspense of the film, but the contemporary teenybopper songs woven into the soundtrack are slim. However, I enjoyed this movie very much, and while the film is primarily aimed at teenagers, people of any age and gender can enjoy it.
