"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful film of all time. And the most exciting is the relationship between reality and the art that the film is about, which is directly inspired by Proust's "A la Recherche du temps perdu". <br /> <br /> In fact, "La Maman et la putain" and "In search of lost time" apparently tell the same story: that of the failure of love, which is repeated infinitely. The name of the first woman is always Gilberte, and the second appears as a twisted and deformed double of Gilberte: Veronika is like a "bitch Gilberte", beautiful as night, while Gilberte was pure and "beautiful as day". After the failure of the first love, a second love begins, but this one is already condemned by the first. Veronika takes the place of Gilberte, in the life of Alexandre and in the film. She eclipses it progressively, first from time to time, Gilberte still comes when Alexandre waits for Veronika, then totally. This shows that it is the same sad story that repeats itself, the same "unfaithful woman", as Alexandre says, who appears incessantly - and unfaithful is for Proust the highest point in love, which makes him exist, but which also underlines your illusions <Br /> <br /> Art is what causes the passage between what is outside, the illusion of love, what is inside, what is truth and is an apprenticeship of this truth. For example, when Veronika realizes that the strange way in which Alexandre makes the bed is that he replies that he saw her in a movie, and then that a film "is made for that, to learn how to live, how to make a bed " Alexander wants to live like he was in a movie, he wants his life to be art. <br /> <br /> This conception of art comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "La Maman et la putain" fights against a conception of art "mainly political"; see, for example, the ironic revision of a political film by Alexandre. As Proust says: "Art does not care about all these proclamations and only exists in silence." In the first place, art is introspection. And that's why realism or naturalism is also rejected: art needs to transform reality to exist. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism, which is a lie". That's why "La Maman et la putain" does not hide its artificiality, underlined by the way the actors "say" their text: "the more you seem artificial, the higher you go," said Eustache. <br /> <br /> Eustache and Proust share this idea that the artist is a "traslateral" of an inner truth. But, Alexandre failed where Eustache was successful. "La Maman et la putain" tells us that a character is not what he really is. You can feel that the tragedy arises when you go further in the movie, which becomes sadder. You can see it in Alexandre's face, which looks more and more like a living dead. It can be seen from the fact that the scenes become longer, and that after a while, nothing happens outside. At the end of the film, when you see Alexandre writing and Veronika asking if he is writing his life, you can guess that no, even literature failed. The end of the film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, who is devastated by the heaviness of reality. And in this small nursing room, Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To explain this failure, we can say that Alexandre is a reader of Balzac. In "Form and meaning", Jean Rousset explains that, in Proust, the readers of Balzac, who are Swann and Charlus, are incapable of any artistic creation, because they are trapped in reality, which they confuse with art. They see reality in art and "are not aware of the transformations that necessarily exist between the life of an artist and his work, between reality and art." And that is exactly Alexandre. He says, for example, that he "loves a woman for parallel reasons, because she played in a Bresson's, for example." It's like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because he looks like Botticelli's wife. <br /> <br /> "Life may not be my calling". This thought is in fact by Eustache, who committed suicide, even if it is said by Alexandre. However, there is a difference between Alexandre and Eustache: if Eustache is absolutely Alexandre, Alexandre is like a double without art, a horrible vision of the artist, which crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> By following Veronika at the end of the film, Alexandre is doomed to illusions. It is death that reminds me of the last frames of the film, both in the face of Jean-Pierre Léaud and in the endless pucking of Veronika. Or perhaps it is hell that describes the end, as in "Huit-Clot" by Sarte, and absolutely not as in the final release of "Le Temps retrouvé". If Eustache had read Proust, Alexandre could never have finished the book, always disturbed by life and Veronika when he tries to read it in his apartment or in the cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is like a double inverse of "In search of lost times", which tells how Alexander does not become an artist, while "A la Recherche du temps perdu" tells how Marcel becomes a writer (Genette ). <br /> <br /> If, as Baudelaire says, an artist says "reality in the light of his dream", it is his nightmare what Eustache tells us in "La Maman et la putain".
