In what could have been seen as a coup d'état towards sexual "revolution" (I purposely use quotes for that word), Jean Eustache wrote and directed The Mother and the Whore as a poetic and condemnatory critique of those who seem unable to understand it enough love If there is a message for this film, and I hope the message comes only after what this characteristic of Ben-Hur has to offer, is that to love, honestly, there must be something Happiness level, real truth. Is it possible to have two lovers? Some may try, but what is the result if no one can really have what they really want, or feel that they can even express themselves to say what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth in the relationships that Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has with the women around him? He is an intellectual pseudo-member of twenty-some years, not with any apparent work and lives on a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) a little older than him and generally, if not always, his lover, his last possible love of his -Life He left, and then, immediately, he picks up a woman he sees on the street, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), who might remind her of her. Soon, what develops is the most subtle and torrid love triangle ever filmed, where the psychological strings move with the cruelest words and the smallest gestures. At first we thought it could be about what will happen to Alexandre, but we are wrong. Women are so essential to this issue of love and sex that they have to be around, talking over and over again, for something to sink. <br /> <br /> We are told that part of the sexual revolution, in Theory, if it is not entirely practical (maybe it was, I can not say that I was not alive in the period to see it first-hand ), was that freedom led to a lack of inhibitions. But the point of Eustache, if it is not a complete message, is that it is practically impossible to have it in two ways: you can not make people love you and expect to obtain the satisfaction of the best company that arrives with "fucked up", like The characters refer again and again. <br /> <br /> The strengths of the Mother and the whore in having the subject is to express this fear under promiscuity, the lack of monogamy, at the same time that it stimulates the intellect in the most audacious talk you have ever seen in a movie. . At the same time, we see a character like Alexandre, who probably loves to hear about a movie he saw or something bad from his past, Eustache makes the film itself not pretentious, although it may seem but that is about the pretense , what is hidden under those who are concealing their internal faults, what they need to use when they are finally alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought that movies like Before Sunrise / Sunset were talented relationship films, you had not seen this. But as Eustache delights in the dialogues, these characters have, sometimes trivial, or "deep", or sexual, or frank, or sometimes extremely emotional (or in a moderate way), never interesting or boring. On the contrary, for those who can not get enough of a good talky movie, it is exceptional. While his style does not call for the audacity that came with his forerunners in the nouvelle wander a dozen years before, the touch of the new wave of Eustache is with the characters, and then reverberates in them. <br /> <br /> This is a realism with a peak of attitude, with things in the moment scathing and sarcastic, raw and without shame in the expression. The three actors are so attached to their characters that we can never perceive them as 'pretending' an emotion or getting into melodrama. It is almost too good in naturalistic / realistic terms, but for Eustache's material there is no other way to avoid it. Fortunately, Leaud delivers the crowning piece of her career in the period, and both ladies, particularly Labrun as the "whore" Veronika (a claim that astonishingly refutes in the climax of the film in an uninterrupted manner). And, like another touch, from time to time, the director will immerse himself in a quiet moment of thought, of a character sitting alone, listening to a record and in contemplation or silent agony. This is probably the biggest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who dedicated his film Broken Flowers to Eustache and has a particular scene that rises completely (and lovingly) from the Parisian Finnish. <br /> <br /> Sad to say Before I saw Broken Flowers, I had never heard of Eustache or this film, and tried to make it a challenge (not available on the US DVD. and VHS is so rare that it took many months of follow-up in several libraries). Not a minute of that time was wasted; The mother and the whore is a truly beautiful job, one of the best dramas of French relations, maybe even one of the most amazingly lucid I've seen in the country in general. It is complex, it is sweet, it is cold, it is absorbent and it is very long, perhaps too long. It is also satisfactory at the level that would compare with the scenes of a marriage; The true revelations about the human condition continue to emerge 35 years after the release of each film.
