It is a breath of refreshing air when a movie actually gives you a story line with a beginning, middle and end, a beautiful and intelligent mystery, with an attractive heroine for all ages, who conquers us with her wit and charm. Andrew Fleming's film is in fact a modern marvel, a comeback to the old and reliable narration that was the norm in Hollywood. Save the excessive dependence on special effects that now pass for entertainment and offers us a fantastic movie, with a very capable young actress and a talented cast. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the old Books, but has been updated enough to put into this century; however, the accessories may be different, the heart is still a good mystery, and there is an intelligent one here, one that links the traditions of the old and the nuances of contemporary youth. Emma Roberts is an old-fashioned girl, who believes in good behavior and respect for others; Details that are missing deeply in today's movies. She is still good enough to get the attention of the children, but she also knows how present balance and self-esteem are. She earns her medals by working hard and is not afraid to be a little smug when needed to achieve her goals. <br /> <br /> When taking a vacation in California, our heroine delves into the Hollywood mystery. actress who was the victim of dirty play; Suddenly, her ghost "visits" her and this triggers a series of events that can solve the mystery or result in something terrible for herself. What makes the film quite entertaining are the small details, since he discovers that his usual world is nothing compared to the California scene, and this is well presented, without resorting to unnecessary vulgar language or anything graphic or overtly sexual. Eventually, the director has sufficient control to be very acceptable to all types of audiences, from young people to adults in the audience. It is a film that deserves to be seen, appreciated and enjoyed, a rare and delicate film, and it is not afraid to be classified as fun! Five stars
