Jake Speed ​​is a film that is missing one thing. A charismatic leader Unfortunately, that's something that really contaminates the whole movie and it's a shame because deep down it's a nice action movie with a script that's ingenious enough and an interesting premise, though derivative. Although its genesis probably dates back to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy? The film actually plays a bit more like 'Romancing the Stone', though in reverse. He is not a fictional author of romantic adventures guided in an adventure by a character very similar to one of his creations, he is a fictional character of adventures (who recounts his own adventures) guiding an ordinary woman in one of his adventures. <Br /> <br /> When a young girl disappears in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by the sexy Karin Kopins) gets involved in the pulp hero Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and her partner Dennis (Dennis Christopher ), both being real and very defective individuals in an adventure that takes them to the heart of an African state torn by civil war and, ultimately, to the clutches of two brothers, the evil Sid (John Hurt) and his ridiculous brother Maurice (Roy London). Is that the plot? It is not labyrinthine and it is not complicated, but the story it tells does not require much depth. <br /> <br /> The action sequences are attractive to start and it is true that the heroic trio is put to the test (either caught in battles between the government and the rebel forces or falling into a pit full of lions) and There are certainly some pretty funny lines. However, the film seems to have a hard time finding an ending and, unfortunately, the action sequences that are quite attractive to begin with are not going anywhere and eventually become a bit dull and irritating. This, however, may not have been a problem of this kind if it was possible that he liked Jake Speed, but due to the performance of Wayne Crawford, it becomes more difficult to really worry about what happens. Now I do not know if he was stretching a bit, since he was also the producer and writer of the film or if he is simply not a good actor (as I have not seen him in many other things) but in reality he never convinces. as a malicious mixture of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. <br /> <br /> This is a shame because most of the other characters play their roles well. Karen Kopins is funny and convincing and her character shares some nice jokes with Jake (unfortunately she never convinces). Dennis Christopher is perfect as the archetypal companion and John Hurt plays the role with a taste for camp. almost as if he were in a Batman episode of the sixties. He walks through his few scenes growling with a ridiculous cockney accent putting a performance that almost belongs to another movie. Sid is not Moriarty (he is presented as Jake's nemesis from a series of his previous adventures / books), but it's always fun to watch him. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​tries to channel the same funny spirit of film B as 'Night of the Comet' (a film produced by Crawford a few years earlier) and is almost successful, but fails? which is a shame because Jake would have liked to see some more adventures and could have had a better service in a television series. <br /> <br /> I would recommend it out of curiosity, but ultimately it leaves a bitter taste. Taste because most of the elements were there to do something really good.
