Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation of having little real depth. Arms and the Man, proves that the notion is false. Shaw's work is full of comic drama, combining an entertaining plot with a true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> On one level, Arms and the Man is a successful romantic comedy, and something unique. The young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a military family deeply involved in a war; his fiancé and his father are military officers. She is surprised, one night by the arrival of an enemy soldier. She rescues him, knowing that he will have to keep the incident secret from his family forever, and the soldier finally leaves. Of course, once the war is over, that soldier returns, forcing each of the primary characters to reevaluate their values ​​and relationships. <br /> <br /> It's quite interesting how Shaw layers meaning within the fairly standard comic plot. Shaw manages to comment on the constructions of class, on the absurdity of the war, and even on the nature of love. And, of course, he does it with the wit of Shavian and within a satisfactory plot. There is so much to think that I think you can lose a lot in one visit. Arms and the Man is an excellent comic theater and is definitely one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> "Arms and the Man" is a fun and stimulating film that retains its relevance even today, more than a Century after its first conception. Shaw mocks popular theories about war and love and combines a military satire with a mockery about love and family structure. The work has flashes of wit, cheerful humor and bitter sarcasms. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is Captain Bluntschli's statement to Serguis: "I'm a professional soldier: I fight when I have to, and I'm very happy to go out when I do not have to. You're just an amateur, you think fighting is a fun ". In fact, as the son of a Swiss hotelier, Bluntschli had no reason to participate in the war and it is in this absurdity that Shaw questions patriotic sentiments. Shaw explores the whole concept of war and the army from both sides of the struggle and, in the end, shows that the feelings in both camps are not so different. <br /> <br /> Dialogue and sarcasm are used for the common notions of life entangled with a gentle guarantee of the movement of history towards a fairy-tale ending. The end where all the characters become happy and the lovers change and the love changes is what underlines the essence of this drama as a comedy. This is a film that sustains its image of having universal appeal and is still appropriate today when the concepts of war, patriotism, love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "Arms and man" must remain relevant as long as there is love and war.
