The sequence of opening credits is a dark man who has a strange and very real nightmare. Approaching his dystopian Paris 2054, the film begins to follow a woman to a dirty club, where she and a Slavic bartender meet outside on the deck. Mutual exclamations are made in the sense that she owes him more money even though she thinks she has paid for everything. Another woman obstructs the violence in the making, only to have a bitter fight with the woman herself. The initial woman runs away, and is kidnapped. The Christian Volckman Renaissance seems to be another in an assembly line of recent sci-fi animated images by motion capture, but even though that is essentially true or not, it tells a well-organized detective story that is classically untangled and that keeps us in the dark, in its first minutes, even when presenting Karas, the tough policeman that we recognize from the beginning as the man who is awakening from a terrible dream. <br /> <br /> All the rudiments of classic black cinema are right. Without any anachronistic change, for all purposes and purposes. It is in the hardness of his monochrome that Volckman's French thriller has not followed any example. For the animators of the film, unencumbered by the physical lighting challenges they would normally face, they were able to start with a totally black frame, and to set the tone completely white according to the action on the screen. As they scrupulously imitate the effects of real light sources throughout the picture, the distinction of black and white here is total, without even the slightest shade of gray to harmonize with the less defined moral codes of the characters, and the result is a severe and critical vision of the direction in which the commercial civilization goes, caused sporadically to suffer the most scandalous and ruthless illumination. It is the artistic study of the black cinema taken to its visual limit of its philosophy, and nothing before has shared the same execution of this visual concept. <br /> <br /> All the characters in this decent cyberpunk movie look like they've been away with purely Gothic comics in black ink, but all together their physical responses, their movements and the nuances of their facial expressions are on land within a clear humanity. Normally, films that test new developments in animation allow their technical advances to perform all other facets of production. Without City, for example, he left the substance and the good screen adaptation of his source material as desired. <br /> <br /> It may not be mind-boggling, it may have its narrative conventions and its voice-over may just be appropriate, but Renaissance, which earned $ 19 million over six years, not only feels like a true noir instead of reckless appropriation, but is not secondary to all visual innovation, which is played as if it were something incidental. You leave thinking not so much about how cool it is when Karas is evading the bullets fired across a busy Parisian glass street, but rather in his pondering of life and death, how the tragedies of life, like the death, make life meaningful.
