Every second of the movie is beautiful. And that's why he wins a 7, because the plot is not especially tortuous, and when I thought about the last 90 minutes, I never felt any emotion or investment in the characters. In any case, the luxurious graphics and the framing have made certain scenes (the pursuit of the automobile, for example) more pedestrian than they should be, it is not that they do not look charming and have a very original design and, on occasion , new camera angles, but the kinetic movement and the close-ups that are part of the language are missing for any normal action / thriller. The first hour advances slowly, and the dialogue feels very edited and a little stepped: people wait for each other to finish and do not always react in a natural cadence, which would be a problem when recording the dialogue of each individual separately. . In rare cases, the emotions in the voices do not match the ones on the screen; something that really should have been avoided. The futuristic architecture is very attractive (many glass walls / ceilings / screens, smoke / mirage / lovely special effects) and good-looking cars, but again, it is more an exercise in graphic design, which has no real impact on the history. I would say that the main objective of using drawn animation (instead of actors / CGI) is really to push the limits of imagination and design; do what is too difficult / impractical in other media. Although the animation at Renaissance is certainly impressive and incredibly well accomplished, I never felt that I was seeing something that had not been done before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French CGI film, also suffers an imbalance of beauty over history and rhythm. To be fair, some wonderful and attractive French films also have a languid rhythm, and the persistent shots of the look in someone's eyes or the rain on the cobblestones of Paris can provoke great emotion, but the animators must understand that although the Animation brings unique strengths, it also has weaknesses compared to the real life technique. Maybe it would break with the 'noir' rules that the film wants to stick to, but I think the filmmakers also missed the opportunity to explore their future society a bit more: the social strata, the fascist control of the corporations, etc. . <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending the Renaissance to anyone who enjoys design and / or stylistic animation (in particular, 'Manga' fans), but it would not make my other friends who love the movie feel comfortable. Remove the sumptuous images and it's a barely average movie.
