Imagine the lines of the classic noir story with hypersilized black and white images of Frank Miller's sin city. Then imagine a dystopian, science fiction thriller, such as Minority Report by Steven Spielberg or A Scanner Darkly by Richard Linklater. An amalgam of the above would be an appropriate way to describe the somber and atmospheric vision of the visionary French director Christian Volckman in his film debut. But although Volckman's work undoubtedly refers to the films mentioned above and others like it, such a simplistic hybrid does not make Renaissance, the end result of Volckman, justice: the film itself is a much more complex work than that. <Br /> <br /> Gender hybridity is usually a success and a lack, especially in a contemporary context, with the well of individuality that seems to be increasingly exhausted. As such, the Renaissance is praiseworthy as a cinematic experiment, at the very least, with its unique intermingling of the stark nihilism of the neo-noir detective thriller and the fantastic allegorical terror of the dystopian sci-fi drama, which serve to complement the narration of each one. . Conventions in a strangely appropriate way. The script is intelligent and intriguing (although one has the feeling that many of the lines in the script would have been much more effective in their original French than in the English translation (the title of the film also becomes much more moving)) . I step past your audience all the way. Although many elements of the plot will be familiar to those who frequent these science fiction thrillers, the script throws unexpected twists at the exact moment to keep the viewer alert, which makes it a truly convincing work. <Br /> <br /> Volckman's film really excels in its visual component, and the impressive black and white animation is easily the highlight of the film: extraordinarily whimsical and elegant, it shows the tremendous aesthetic effect that the simple use of two tones. With tremendous details on the composition and appearance of each shot, and the excellent use of very black shadows and interesting angles to accentuate the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears directly from a Frank Miller comic, but with a touch , the end. the result is consistently visually sumptuous. <br /> <br /> The English version of the film also receives additional credibility for its very appropriate variety of voice casting. The gruff voice of Daniel Craig is an absolutely perfect piece of casting for the stern and stoic Karas policeman, and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence as the mysterious woman whose missing sister is investigating. Despite a faltering English accent, Romola Garai does a great job as the frantic sister in question, and Jonathan Pryce is appropriately threatening as the grim boss of the ominous mega-corporation Avalon. Ian Holm's Reedy voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm powerfully impresses his brief scenes. <br /> <br /> Together, Renaissance has a visually stunning, unique and compelling futuristic thriller, such as Intelligent as it is entertaining. Although the plot may seem familiar to those who frequent those rates and the occasional weak line may prevent the film from being the moody masterpiece that was proposed, the excellent animation itself easily takes the film through its occasional objections. For fans of any of the interlaced genres of the film or the dramatic graphic novels of Frank Miller, or those who wish to appreciate a version of the futuristic thriller, skillfully crafted and somewhat less conventional, the film is worth seeing. <br /> <br /> - 8/10
