One of the reasons why Pixar has endured so well, and has been so successful, is that while their films are still technical marvels and visual mosaics, they have a story that suits their style. And, often, a very moving style: affective, charming and intergenerational. That much Anime (speaking in general terms) and many other animations do not match their technical virtuosity with the real substance is, I think (and could be wrong) in part because the creators do not mind the character, the plot and focus too much on the sound and the image, or the total effort that is required to make some animations is so huge, that they are so enervated that they do not have the energy to create a really attractive story. <br /> <br /> That same can not be said of rebirth. There are flaws in his plot, but I'll get to that later. These same defects, however, are not reflected in the images: the Renaissance does not lack anything. The images of ultra-high contrast (sometimes so high contrast that it is not just a face or a beam of visible light) and the incredible details are always impressive, it is always a pleasure to contemplate. The futuristic Paris on display is the bleak offspring of Blade Runner and Brave New World; Dark, turbid, quite rich and even clean, but wrapped in intrigue, corporate embezzlement, obsessed with beauty (capital of the catwalk, after all) and disguising the misery and abandonment of its labyrinthine passages with a veneer of monumental architecture and Sophisticated <br /> <br /> It is a convincing environment, not completely original, but excellent at the same time. The movie's highly acclaimed "motion capture" technology and the incredible attention to human and design details result in images for which a black and white photographer would die. Not that the detail prevents entertainment, because Christian Volckman creates some excellent action sequences: a caring chase for hell for leather, a couple of horrifying murders (very imaginative), several fights in the dark and an unpleasant dust in a gloomy apartment. The locations are also great (I want to visit the disco). While the central character of Karas is your usual dissident police, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the true engines of the film. Coming from Eastern Europe, devastated by war, the product of a war, the diaspora and a family dispute, they are a convincing metaphor for all of Europe. <br /> <br /> The film is extremely atmospheric, it is dizzying and false. -Cameras in movement and adult tone for a very attractive experience. However, the plot ... It never becomes more interesting than the initial hook, in which the indefatigable struggle Karas must find Ilona Tasuiev, a magnificent pioneer scientist, after she is snatched from the street. The sinister Avalon corporation (is there any ever-sinister corporation?), For which she worked in "classifieds", the projects are bent on their recovery, and soon Karas is up to his neck in official reprimands, corpses, smoke cigarettes and lost bullets, and fall in love with Ilona's sister, Bislane (with a very sympathetic voice of Catherine McCormack), by probing the depths of the city's slumberous belly (and her own past). <br /> <br /> Text -Noir book, in other words, but while I enjoyed the film much more than Sin City (to which it has a passing visual resemblance), the plot and the resolution are boring, the theme of Immortality is raised but never examined, and the scams of Avalon CEO Paul Dellenbach are also boring, greatly diminishing the dramatic tension. The basic ideas are familiar materials of science fiction genre, and there is a persistent feeling that the visual and the atmosphere are disguising the mundane material. <br /> <br /> However, the film as a whole is lucid and perfectly coherent, even if some of the scenarios in which the characters find themselves from time to time feel like excuses for exhibitions of technical magic. But it is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of community and the creation of another city from the base that makes this film something to behold. I may be taking it too seriously, and if that is the case, at least I can say that it is very well done, it is very entertaining (and quite mature too) and with an environment like no other.
