It is absolutely pointless to rate this movie. It is as if one condemned (or praised) the newborn for his future life. Instead, consider it as a powerful meditation on what could have been and what it has been in the last 100 years. One hundred and eight years of cinematography: what happened to the baby? I like to contemplate what would have happened (creatively) if Europe was not interrupted (devastated) twice by the great wars of the 20th century. In its ruins was erected the false neon castle of the non-creative and reactionary circus called Hollywood. Before 1914, French, Italian and Scandinavian theaters led the way both financially and, of course, creatively. In particular, the French film was already going through some very original and creative paths that could (if not interrupted) possibly alter the history of the medium in ways unimaginable. One wonders what the history of cinema would look like today if it were not stifled and suffocated by the commercial and economic policy agenda of Hollywood's more than 80 years, what Chekhov could define as the smell of greed and prostitution ... Be as it could, at least, be aware of La Sortie as the key (or at least one of them) for the "Kingdom". This is the birthplace of the cinema: Lumiere Brothers Factory, Lyon, France The date: March 19, 1895 (there is also a replica of shooting in the summer of 1895, so if you look at the summer lights and the lighter clothes of the workers: that was the version shown THE VERY FIRST PEOPLE WHO SAW THE IMAGES IN MOTION. * Louis Lumiere: creative ideas, cinematography, direction, it was all Louis's domain because Auguste took care of the rest (money). * The first rolls of film lasted fifty seconds: the camera (= le Cinematograph) and the cameramen (le cinematographer) only have fifty seconds to make things happen! * Apparently, Le Institute Lumiere has managed to keep about 1500 of these early films executed mainly by a working brigade of traveling cinematographers of Loumiere, crossing the world. *** Then, all the stars in the starry skies and a minute of silence for perhaps the The most magical event in the history of Humanity (until now).
