History says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people gathered at the Salon Indien Du Grand Café in Paris to witness the Cinematographe, a supposedly new invention that resulted from the work done by a couple of photographers called August. and Louis Lumière. The small audience that met that day (some by invitation, mostly out of curiosity) did not really know what to expect from the show, and when a still photograph was projected onto a screen, most thought that the Cinematographe was just another elegant device to present. slide projections. Until the photograph began to move. What those thirty-three people experienced with awe that cold December day was the first public projection of a moving image projected onto a screen; History was being written and cinema, as we know it, was born that day. <br /> <br /> Of the 10 short films that were shown during that historic day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (literally, "Exiting the Lumiere Factory") was the first to be examined. Many workers from the Lumière factory as they walk through the doors of the factory, leaving the building at the end of a hard day of work, although it was a very basic "reality movie" (film that represents a real event), the film took everyone in the audience by surprise, since their concept of moving images was limited to Edison's "Peep Show" machines (the Kinetoscope), the invention of the brothers, they did not look like anything they had seen before and, therefore, the audience was amazed, while people and horses moved around the screen, the idea was not completely new (Le Prince filmed the first movie since 1888), but the way of showing the film was simply revolutionary. <br / > <br /> "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" would become the first in the long series of "current affairs films" that Lumière would produce over the years. This primitive form of documentary was the type of favorite film of the brothers because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than in the uses that the Cinematographe could have. Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, after the first screening, the Cinematographe became a great success and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" quickly became an iconic image of that first screening. It was definitely not the first film that the brothers filmed that year, and probably it was not the best of the 10 films that were shown that day (personally I think "L 'Arroseur Arrosé" was the best of the 10); however, it is really significant that the first film was the opening of a pair of doors, since, literally, this movie opened the doors to the cinema as we know it. 8/10
