I just came back from the night cinema and, in fact, it was a silent exit, since the majority of the audience reflected on the black and white images of the partition, the movement for freedom, etc., which are very reminiscent of life . Our ancestors clashed! In this context, of course, there was no tel / fax / internet in those times, but for the voice of Truth & Non-violent, the cinematography instilled a certain spirit of harsh reality of adversity in the middle of the strict Raj. <br /> <br /> Gandhi shows himself as a hardworking lawyer in South Africa, who defended his basic ideologies and gave the full degree of conviction to spread awareness of it with humility and holiness, which even the speech delivered by General Smut It was like a nice screen farewell. He had the best written speech with a subtle humor and a veiled threat to the British raj in India. There was a nice comment when he said that we prayed silently to the British in India now that Gandhi, the politician is ready for India. (towards holiness). <br /> <br /> The same backdrop of a large family with many children needs mention of a divided attention and an obvious love that had to conjure its spell over the psyche of the unfortunate child who was left alone to aspire to unrealistic ambitions. Little Harilal knew about his fitness and emotionally let go for small pleasures in life and fails in front of the great idol of his father. Try to get away from the mentor-ship, which is the basis of any success that should have been seen by those fortunate. neighbors in the streets of Gandhi's residence when Harilal expresses his frustration in public. This means that he becomes mentally weak and psychologically decomposes to the extent that he is forced to make religious conversions and alcoholism, with debts and disobedience that feed his negative thoughts. He had still shown sincere love for his mother through delicate scenes and even the humble expressions of Harilal's Gandhi to forgive him did not come to any conclusion in his mind since he always feared the Father, Gandhi. <br /> <br /> I could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him as he expected and was led to rebellion when he could not understand the delivery of merit scholarship money equally to his cousin , where he saw a failed opportunity to study for a lawyer in England. <br /> <br /> This had to take its toll on him lying on the streets like a beggar when all of India celebrated Independence! The life of a homeless person never changes, but the way in which the sad death of Kasturba and Gandhi himself is produced produces an emotional silence. Finally, the last turbulent thoughts of the dying Harilal are shown as a flashback to keep the audience enthralled and wondering where the father of the nation came from is wrong? he was smart enough to be mentally strong to lead a one-man army and use his brave soldier son as a weapon to show the British and rival forces that when it comes to the nation's interest, nothing stands in the way. although to read the heart of a Mahatma, one has to live outside of his family and see that the harilal, emotionally naive, could not see living inside ... <br /> <br /> Too bad a naive harila keep ruining the efforts. of many parents like Mahatma in many families in today's life and we have taken drugs, alcoholism and God knows what thoughts! Here is a message for all those brave sainik (soldiers) children please respect the father of the nation! Please obey and happiness will be granted or else it is a waiting disaster, is not it?
