It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to have Gandhi (1982) simply narrate the story of a great individual who walked on this planet not so long ago. Comparatively, it must have been much more difficult for director Feroz Abbas Khan, who made his filmmaking debut for Gandhi to become my father, pitting an antihero against an international hero, both historically real individuals, and ironically father and son. . The events in the film are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film, setting high moral standards for the world to follow. However, these same standards overshadowed the aspirations of his eldest son, Harilal, to be a renowned lawyer like his father, to complete his education and obtain a job in India and thus provide income for his nuclear family. <br /> <br /> The film does not discredit Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than the aspirations of his family. He loved his family and cared for them, though his thoughts of appeasement were clouded by his ideal of caring for the masses. He defended equality and dignity among all people and, in his opinion, to grant special undue advantages to his own son, ignoring other deserved people, went against the basis of what he preached. The film analyzes an unusual case of child rearing, where an idealistic father places the poles of the court for less than brilliant offspring. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual scenario that happened. A son marries his girlfriend from childhood, bothering his father. The father alters the educational aspirations of his son in several key moments. The fragile bond between a devoted son and a father is broken, as the son wants to stand up and take care of his nuclear family. While the father gradually becomes the father of a nation, the son stumbles on a courageous search for identity and survival. His marriage is broken and he seeks consolation in religion, striking between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his tribulations, his bond with his mother remains, until she reprimands him for being drunk. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is essentially a theater director who ventures into the cinema. He wrote and directed the play Mahatma vs. Gandhi that had a considerable impact on the Indian theatrical community. The work and the subsequent film were based on two biographies, one by Chandulal Dalal and another by Nilamben Parekh. The success of the work on stage was an obvious reason for Bollywood commercial actor Anil Kapoor to produce this remarkable film. Every time a good theater director tries to direct the cinema, there is evidence of a lack of confidence with the medium. Peter Brook is a great theater director, but less competent as a film director. The initial shots of Khan's film promise a great cinema: an abandoned Harilal Gandhi is taken to the Hospital de Sion, Bombay (Mumbai) barely murmurs that his father is Bapu (the popular name of Mahatma Gandhi), father of the entire nation. The hospital authorities do not recognize him as the eldest son of Mahatma Gandhi, dying in poverty and loneliness. Apart from the dramatic opening, unfortunately the film only presents a great story and some magnificent exterior shots of father and son meditating in silhouette. For an Indian film it presents some high production qualities that go hand in hand with a lack of interest in details (the clothes of most Indians in the film seem dustless and freshly laundered, the modern hairstyles of the actors, and even Shefali Shetty) The wife of Mohandas Gandhi a century ago with shaved eyebrows, the nightmare of Indian cinema. Since Feroz Khan is a theatrical personality, he has invested much more effort in working with the actors in the development of the characters rather than in the cinematic details, something like Sir Attenborough, another person who is also a product of the theater (Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts). <br /> <br /> Knowing very well that criticizing Gandhi in any way was asking for problems, even when there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made a remarkable decision not to place the posters of the film on accessible heights in India, fearing that someone could break the cartel or disrespect it intentionally or involuntarily. <br /> <br /> With all his mixture of greatness and faults, Gandhi, my father throws several questions to the viewer. Is a mother-child union stronger than a parent-child union in parenting? Is the immediate family of one less important than humanity in general? Do you seek refuge in religion and alcohol only when you encounter worldly problems? In this film, Harilal beaten by adversity runs from one religion to another, while his father quotes the scriptures "Forgive them because they do not know what they are doing" when they are beaten and thrown to the ground by a South African policeman, convinced of the value of religion . and convince others too. <br /> <br /> The film won Best Actress at the Tokyo International Film Festival for Shefali Shetty (Shah) and an Indian Critics Award. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor have handled a delicate topic very well and have obtained performances above the average of the set of actors. I hope that the international success of the film paves the way for some director capable of filming another brilliant Indian work, Girish Karnad's Tughlaq, one day to meet international quality standards.
