Gandhi My Father, by Feroz Abbas Khan, a film that sheds light on the fracture of the relationship between the Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For a story as dramatic as the one that this film tries to tell, it's a pity that the director does not tell it dramatically. Gandhi My Father is narrated to you as that boring history lesson that made you sleep in school. Now the film aims to convey a very interesting point: the fact that Gandhi, in his attempt to be a fair person, ended up being an unjust father. This point is mentioned in the film many times, and one of the examples given to highlight this point is the scholarship to England, which Gandhi denies twice his son. Instead of showing us exactly how Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what happened in his head, the director simply moves on with the story, so he never lets us witness the growing resentment that Harilal feels for his father. That's why when we finally see an outburst from Harilal, it seems that he is reacting in an exaggerated way. <br /> <br /> The point that I try to point out here is that we never got to understand exactly why Harilal became the rebel he did. We never really understand why he resorted to Islam, and then he returned to Hinduism. The thing is, we never really understand Harilal at all. And that's because the director of this film is too busy focusing on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the fight for freedom, a story that most of us already know. In short, Gandhi My Father is committed to examining the tense father-son relationship, but he does not show us where the cracks in this relationship were established. We understand that Harilal had to live with the burden of being Gandhi's. son, but show us why it was a burden to start. They show us the incidents of their conflict early. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi simply says that he opposes Harilal's early marriage, tell us why this opposition? It is not enough for Kasturba to blame her husband for the way his son turned out, for taking him constantly between the schools in Gujarat and South Africa, for having him move whenever Gandhi needed to move. The words are not enough, they show us how these incidents shaped the character of Harilal Gandhi. In addition, instead of continuing with the thorny issue of this tenuous relationship between Gandhi and Gandhi, the film shoots on too many tangents, diluting the impact of the central theme. It was never intended to be a film about the struggle for independence and yet, on many occasions that is exactly what it seems, because the director feels almost obliged to take us through all the main events leading up to that historical moment , although much of it has no relevance to the basic premise of the film: the stormy father-son relationship. So, the problem with this movie is not that it's a bad movie, but it's certainly a very confusing movie. What about the children of Harilal after the death of his wife? Do you ever have a relationship with them? Where do they suddenly disappear after that scene where we see them with the Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions is answered in a film that basically has to do with relationships in the Gandhi family. The film version of an immensely popular play directed by Feroz Abbas Khan himself, Gandhi My Father is a disappointment, without questions. In a systematic way, he strives to translate the ambitious intention of the filmmaker to the screen. Virtually each and every one of the scenes in the film open and close with the fades in and out, and never enter each other. On the positive side, there is a nobility inherent in the film, which you recognize. The filmmaker does everything possible to offer a balanced narrative, striving not to take sides, never judging neither a father nor a son, nor painting as the villain. However, what the film does is clarify the fact that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals may have shaped the nation, but evidently alienated his family. Of all the actors in the film, it's only Akshaye Khanna who really shines in the role of the helpless Harilal Gandhi. It's a wonderful performance, and it's not easy, since the role covers practically the entire life of the character. But Akshaye brings a rare mix of innocence and discouragement to that part and manages to make Harilal a pitiful figure. Just look at him in that scene where he discovers that his wife is dead, and he will realize how much he transmits through body language alone. Meanwhile, Darshan Jariwala, who plays Gandhi Senior, takes a caricatured approach to playing Mahatma in his later years, but it is the way he humanizes the man in his early years as a lawyer in South Africa, which is the actor's best contribution. to that role. . Shefali Shah, who has a special talent, plays Kasturba, the woman who is destined to be involved in this father-son conflict, but if she can not convey that feeling of helplessness, it's not so much her fault as it is the fault of a rickety script. . A great effort was made to make this film and that is evident everywhere, but the film suffers that inevitable defect that will eventually be what you will remember when you leave the cinema, it is very boring. Gandhi My Father, Director Feroz Abbas Khan It is a sincere effort, yes, but also a film that could have been done with a much tighter script. What we learn from the film is that Gandhi and Harilal became very unhappy. And with this movie, the director also makes us.
