For a long time, we are watching movies about Gandhi. And above all, the light is always in the representation of Gandhi as a fighter for freedom or as a man with principles. But when I heard that a film was being made that would highlight Gandhi as a father and the emphasis on his relationship with his Son, he immediately caught my attention, since this is a territory that is less explored, since it has its own dark side and less people. demonstrated courage to dwell in it. Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (Producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director) yes. <br /> <br /> The story begins with Gandhi working in South Africa and his relationship with whites and his wife. The last Akshay (Harilal) joined his father for becoming a lawyer, but his dream turned upside down when his father (Gandhi) pushed him (or motivated him) to become a freedom fighter. It shows that Gandhi believes more in practical study than in formal education. Harilal also tried to walk in the footsteps of his father, but soon failed because his infatuation with his wife, his children and his own dream of becoming a great success altered his path and then began the repulsion between the son and the father. He finally defeated his father in terms of pursuing his dream and leaving it on his own terms. He wrote again to India, but then he began his failed stories that get bigger and bigger over time. I'm going to let the reader see the movie to see another story ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay. He has given the best performance of his mandate so far and is absolutely convincing in his interpretation of Harilal Gandhi. The scene in which he arrives at the room where the corpse of his wife is placed is one in which you can see a good actor who is hiding / developing in Akshay. Darshan jariwala is also good as MK Gandhi and is able to live a character bigger than life. He performed well and quite easily. Shefali Chaya (now Shah) as Kasturba is a brilliant actress and has already shown her metal in the television series. Bhumika chawla also performed well, but the actress of her candidacy is a waste in this type of role. Another actor also justifies his actions. <br /> <br /> The technique and makeup are also good and the cinematography, especially that the Duo color tone was too good. The costumes are seen and combined with the context. <br /> <br /> In general, a film that is worth seeing, which is certainly slow in progress, and impatient people may find it boring, but they give you an idea of ​​the area that is not shown on the screen big to date. In addition, the way in which the progress of the story and the connection of the scene may seem worn for some people and especially for the critics, but for an average viewer of films like me, it is enough to make me occupy my seat until the final.
