I've been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time. "Mystery Men" takes its place among the classic comic parodies on television such as "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and cartoons such as "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". The same spirit lives in all of them: the comical ironic tone; the courage to aim at the heroic in life at the risk of appearing ridiculous; the not so sure way of how these characters manage to prevail over their adversaries. It is the ill-nourished spark of the nobility that lights up in the weak and the ordinary, and it is wonderful to see it shine so high and bright here. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opens at a party in a nursing home. I wish Kinka Usher had the sense to give more energy and life to the older people on the scene. As it is, it seems something that George Romero could have devised. We need to have the feeling that these older people are as sharp as everyone else, or feel patronizing. By the time the Red Eyes break the festivities, you almost expect Tom Waits, who plays an inventor of weapons with a penchant for women in his eighties, to stand up and shout: "What this party needs, a little bit of emotion!" If the writer Neil Cuthbert made any sense, he would have had Waits mixing it with the intruders and making the partiers do the same. It would have been an exciting start and a better introduction of the problematic trio: the Shoveler (William Macy); the Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Furioso (Ben Stiller), who seems to come out of nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other problems for "Mystery Men" that interest me; among them, the villain Casanova Frankenstein must have a sense as absurd as the rest of the people in this film, and he does not. Geoffrey Rush is the wrong actor for the part; He needs to be very above to make the conflict between good and evil a galvanic conflict. And Rush has never exhibited a talent for the outre. You expect the mature theatricality of a John Lithgow in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or the dry weakness of a Paul Freeman in "Raiders of the Lost Ark". Instead, what we get is pastiche; something half-full and has not been realized at all. <br /> <br /> There are too many ideas in "Mystery Men" so that anyone can unite them perfectly, and that may be their deepest problem. But any kind of disorder that is is the kind of disorder that I love. Ben Stiller has always seemed to be dragging the papers he takes. This is no exception, but it does so with such conviction that you feel like you've learned something about comedy in a home run by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roy is related to all types of defenses, overly sensitive and chronically defensive that Woody Allen made popular. And either make their way to the affections of the waitress at their favorite place (the elegant Claire Forslani), or question the wisdom of a fellow superhero (Wes Studi as the Sphinx), or give a new member of their group "elite" "(Jeaneane Garofalo in what are possibly her funniest moments on the screen) a difficult moment, it always makes it fun to watch. I can not say exactly that about him in "There Something About Mary." <br /> <br /> Jeaneane Garofalo demonstrates with this performance that she should have been the star of "One True Thing", not Renee Zellweger. I do not think I've seen more fun exchanges between a daughter and a father (well, he's dead and his skull is in a bowling ball, so they sue me) in the movies. And the fun part of this role is that it feels like a replay of Emily Watson's fascinating conversations with God in "Breaking the Waves." And in this version, the girl does not die and the bells do not ring in your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy does something very difficult; He does magnetic stolid. You immediately understand what attracted Lucille from Jenifer Lewis to Eddie. You can also understand his exasperation. The barbecue would only be enough to take me to the limit, but when the adorable mongrel son of Eddie looks at his father and says: "I believe in you, dad." to which Lucille sighs and exclaims: "Roland, do not encourage your father", you feel as if you are standing and acclaiming Neil Cuthbert as a first-class wit. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (whose only notable moment in the film so far was her naked butt in "The Birdcage") and Louise Lasser (It's been more than two decades since we took notice of her in "Bananas" and "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?" As son and mother who share a fondness for silver, Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jay as his publicist, Kel Mitchell as "invisible child", Paul Reubens as "The Spleen "and Lena Olin, who if he did not have the few lines in this movie that seems, seems to be visiting the set.
