I saw this movie the day it came out last year. Hilarious I thought. Well, now it's on video and I saw it again. I love this movie! The things they do are sometimes silly, but that's what makes it my third favorite movie of all time. The special effects are fine, but the witty dialogue will make you roll. I am the kind of person who will say that I am inspired by this movie, so if you like dramas and other things, avoid them. But for everyone else, enjoy! The acting is excellent. Hank Azaria is unquestionably the best (it is neither a comel nor a fruit) followed by Ben Stiller (uh, do not correct me, it bothers me) and then William H. Macy offers his best performance (the fargo stands out) Everyone praises everyone, from macy to garafalo, but I think Kel Mitchell was pretty good as Invisible Boy. Two problems: the most boring part of the film is the secondary plot of the romance between Stiller and Claire Forlani, and Casanova's probation hearing. Some scenes do not advance the story at all, but they are incredible. Kinka and especially the writers tend to crawl into a scene until the hilarity is gone, but bam they change and you're ready for more. I swear that after seeing this, you will be tired by the explosive climax (which I think was very good). The camera is also great, it moves at a furious pace with the actors. In addition, Tom Waits offers an outstanding performance (he has some coldness as a bad hero) and, as someone else said, the best parts are when the characters show them something of humanity. Captain Amazing is quite funny, (especially his speech to Casanova about his perfect plan, he was shooting) and the rush is pretty good as Casanova. One beef: the funniest comedian in history (eddie izzard) is almost lost, but his heart is in the right place. So, in general, a wonderful movie. I give it twenty stars and I hope someday, everyone will see the brilliance in the best parody of the movie, the Six Million Dollar Man. Laughing right now when I think about it. 20/10
