['Director Kinka Usher remains true to his own creed, &quot;Take it easy and they&#39;ll laugh,&quot; and with the help of a magnificent cast, he has created what should become the number 1 cult movie of all time, &quot;Mystery Men &#39;. When an evil villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is freed from a mental institution, he captures the local superhero, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), and threatens to take over Champion City, three superheroes they want to be, Mr. Furious ( Ben Stiller), The Shoveler (William H. Macy) and The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. However, Frankenstein has joined a large amount of scum from the underworld and has become a formidable opponent. The trio realizes that help is needed, and decides to recruit; What they end up with is nothing less than the most unforgettable team of &quot;superheroes&quot; ever assembled in the history of cinema. Mr. Furious has his anger; The Shoveler, his shovel; The Blue Raja throws cutlery (mainly forks, and the occasional spoon, but never a knife); The invisible child (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible while no one is looking; The Sphinx (Wes Studi), a heavy hitter from the south, is very mysterious and can break weapons in half with his mind. Perhaps; the bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can throw a ball with deadly precision; and The Bazo (Paul Reubens) exerts flatulence that can incapacitate a whole room. This is a brilliant ensemble piece that releases the laughter without becoming condescending or condescending with the audience, while interpreting it at all times. The dialogue is ingenious, and the performances of Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are a series of memorable and hilarious scenes, especially in which they organize a party at the pool and a barbecue to recruit, and conduct interviews with an amazing group of applicants; and another, in a bar, when the Bowler speaks with his long-dead father, whose skull has been implanted in his bowling ball. The funniest thing of all, however, has to be when the team really tries to rescue Captain Amazing. But these are just examples, since the whole movie is composed of one hilarious scene after another, mixed with a subtle humor that will keep you laughing and thinking about it for a long time. The real secret of his success, however, is that Usher keeps everything real; the relationships between the characters are true, and the whole concept of being a &quot;superhero&quot; is played as something completely reasonable, which in some way gives a sense of credibility to the whole process. In this world, the aspirations of Mr. Furioso and the rest are sustainable, and Usher keeps the laughter coming without resorting to slapstick or mere visual gags. The solid cast includes Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (mother of The Blue Raja), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille ) and Pras (Tony C.). &#39;Mystery Men&#39; is a truly inspired film that can be seen again and again, with a new laugh for each view, guaranteed. In the immortal words of the Sphinx, `We are number one! Everyone else is number two, or less. &quot;Is it a film worthy of an Oscar? Just, but to have a good time and lots of laughs, treat yourself to this comedy masterpiece, it&#39;s the real deal, and you will not regret it. I qualify this 10/10.']
