I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 while on vacation. When I returned home, I went to see him again. Keep in mind that he was twelve, but at that moment it was the coolest movie in history. I even collected the ultra rare action figures (I have them all, except Bowler, which is the hardest to find.) They made Mr. Furious, the Shoveler, the Blue Raja, the Spleen and the Amazing Captain, in case ask, there is a William H. Macy action figure in existence! I have seen it many times over the years and it is still one of my favorites, mainly due to childhood memories. , but it definitely deserves another look and perhaps a cult. <br /> <br /> The story: a group of low-level superheroes save the day This was executed again in the mediocre, direct to the video "The Specials" as well. But this is the other end of the spectrum: big budget (huge budget, almost $ 100 million, I think) studio comedy Yes, the effects are exaggerated and the huge sets and the wonderful production design are a bit more important considering the plot, but no foot Since this is a stupid movie of special effects superheroes, it's a PARODY. They fight against a villain named Cassanova Frankenstein, people. It has a psychofrakulador, whatever it is (it is a device of the day of the final judgment, it will take over the world, yada yada). And the resident superhero Captain Amazing (a Greg Kinnear, of Zapp Brannigan, with logos of commercial products in his disguise, nice touch) is kidnapped. Hour of the mysterious men: Mr. Furioso (Ben Stiller, gets angry), The Shoveller (William H. Macy, hits people with shovels), The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British, throws the forks), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, bowls), Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell, guess what he does), The Spleen (the great Paul Reubens, farts) and The Sphinx (Wes Studi, cut the weapons with his mind, I'm not kidding). The rest of the fantastic cast of character actors includes Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin largely edited as Cassanova's girlfriend and the only Tom Waits as a mad arms dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush, there are four Oscar nominees (and one winner) and Tom freakin 'Waits. Although it is not perfect. It is too long and there are some jets of corniness here and there (The Shoveller is full of them). <br /> <br /> The dialogue definitely surpasses the physical comedy, which sometimes is missing (there is a guy who fights for his power, case closed). The dialogue is definitely a highlight, the cyclic ramblings of the Sphinx, the mixed metaphors of Mr. Furious, etc. It is frankly a funny movie (it will almost make you forget that this was the movie that left "All Star" of Smashmouth In the world.) Unfortunately, the movie did not go so well with the critics and the public as I should have done. Originally a sequel was planned (in fact, the film is based on a comic and characters from the comics of "The Flaming Carrot." The Flaming Carrot was planned for the sequel, I think) but this did not work well at the box office. It could have been a difficult sale, a superhero comedy with the guy from "There Something About Mary." It could also have been the fact that it was released the same day as "The Sixth Sense", which ended up being the biggest hit of the month of August, as well as "The Thomas Crown Affair". Two other misunderstood classics were released on the same weekend full of people, oddly enough, "Dick" and "The Iron Giant." Critics gave MM passive reviews, but it was quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, at Comedy Central's Jerry Stiller roast, comedian Jeffrey Ross told Ben Stiller that "I saw 'Mystery Men' and fired MY agent." Then Ben is seen saying words: "I should have to do it". Do not listen. Give "Mystery Men" a try.
