When I started watching them, it became one of my favorite shows. Melissa Joan Hart is very funny and talented, as well as the aunts and the other characters and the Salem star, the cat, was immensely fun. The first seasons in my opinion were the best where Sabrina was a teenager in high school who adapted to the life of a witch. They were the most fun, the most entertaining and the most ... good. I'm not a fan of when they started introducing Brad and Dreamer because I liked Valerie a lot, but they were fine, the problem was that they were only in it for a season. If you are going to have new people, at least keep them. I did not like Josh, I was two years old, I preferred Harvey but then he disappeared. And they got rid of Libby! It would have been great if you had been fighting in these seven years. and Mr. Craft too, if he and Zelda were to marry, that would have been gold! then, Sabrina moves from her aunts' house to the house of Roxie / Miles / Morgan. I did not like these people either, it did not really seem that they liked Sabrina. Sabrina seemed to lose her charm and those things and the aunts seem to be rejected out of their lives and into their own stupid stories. Somehow, I stopped seeing it for a while and the old replays had come back and I was like whoo-hoo! Hahaha I must say that the last seasons were absolutely terrible. They got rid of the aunts that stank because they were a big part of the show. Then, suddenly, let those two shippers move into the beautiful house when they treat it like dirt. and now he is working in some magazine store, so they are putting a lot of famous guest stars in the show, if in each episode he ruins it. The program really went downhill and lost its shine. I saw the last episode. he had the aunts (Zelda was reduced to a candle) and is about to get married, but he leaves with Harvey at the end. I would have liked to know what happened next. Well, that's my comment and the only thing I can say is that the only thing that remained is that I was attracted to myself over the seven years was Salem, the cat.
