You know that the people in the movie are ready when the hail the size of a king falls from a clear blue sky. In fact, the weather is still pretty bad in this atmospheric thriller, and only the lawyer Chamberlain has the answer. But I think it is too European rationalist to get in touch with that inner being that only reveals itself through dreams. <br /> <br /> A mysterious original mystery about the metaphysics of director and writer Peter Weir. He had already demonstrated his ability to flirt with other dimensions in Picnic in Hanging Rock (1975). Here it is the arcane world of the Australian aborigines that faces the ordered world of the predominant whites. Something strange is happening within the aboriginal community when they kill one of them for no apparent reason. The yuppie lawyer Chamberlain is supposed to defend them in a white men's court. But the more he investigates things, the more mysterious they become, and the more interested he gets a strange aboriginal elder. And then there are those dreams of fear that appear and disappear in strange moments. <br /> <br /> A well-structured script deepens interest at all times. One reason the movie works is the background normality of Chamberlain's wife and small daughters. Audiences can easily identify with them. And when your small world is with forces beyond the usual frame, normality begins to give way, and gives us the feeling that the worlds begin to collide. Chamberlain minimizes the game, especially during the underground discovery tour where I think he should have shown a greater awareness of what he does. After all, it is the collection of the mask that contains the key (I think) to the enigma, however, its reaction does not really register the revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, nature's counterattack notion has some resonance now, thirty years later. In the film, the notion is involved in a lot of entertaining entertainments, but the subject itself remains revealing. One way to highlight a central irony in the film is the symbolism of the opening scene. A large white SUV runs through an aboriginal family, leaving them in the historical dust. The terrain looks like an interior tribal reserve of no particular importance to the coastal areas where the industries live. However, it is also a region more likely to survive something like a last destructive wave. Maybe there is something about the past and the future to think about here. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is a really good movie that will probably stay with you.
