Spoilers I loved the latest episodes of college and more, but I wish I could have the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, the last thing I could get is the first university season. Still the teenage years were sweet; While they focused a lot on magic, they also turned her into a character that teens could relate to, fooling themselves with the struggles of teenagers and children in divorced families. This show was very innocent; They did not get into the morbid problems of adolescence, such as sex and drugs, but they did it with a lot of pressure to adapt. I loved watching her grow up and face her magic for herself and try to convince her aunts to let them go while she left the nest. The older episodes were cute, but it was much better to see her as (well, she is no longer a teenage witch) but an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; They were so talented! In the previous episodes, the aunts were great actresses, but they were very strict, kind and loving, but they treated her like a child in some aspects, but not in every way. I mean she was punished for every little mistake she made with her magic, I mean, let her learn from her own mistakes for once! That's what I liked about the episodes at the university; she was able to learn from her own mistakes without being punished for everything; That was annoying. Do not leave Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and was perfect for Sabrina with her Perky personality. I liked the last episode in which she escaped marriage with Harvey, but as another person said, it would have been nice to see what happened next. I mean, I think it was obvious that they were getting married; Where else would they run with her wedding dress? But I would have liked to have seen it. I assumed they wanted to leave it to the viewer to choose the end, instead of feeding us with a spoon, as comedies do. Someone said they could have taught them to marry and go to school at home, but they have already graduated from college. Sabrina had a great job for a magazine and I think Harvey had a good job, because he lived in a nice apartment that we only see at the end, but they never say what he does. As a child they always talk about how he does not want to be an exterminator like his dad. When Sabrian moved into the house that season, they never really explained how it happened. Actually, there are many things that the program does not explain, but I guess it's supposed to be left in our hands and give it some mystery. Before Sabrina and her friends move into the house, they show Hilda that she is getting married and all this spell that ends with Zelda becoming a girl. Hilda returns in the last episode (and Zelda is there in some other way, but Beth is not in the episode) but they do not show Zelda's husband or what happened, how did they have children? Maybe they did not want too much in one episode. I also liked Hart's sister who played her spoiled cousin! She was beautiful and a great actress and it was interesting to see her grow up! Cannon, I think it's been six years since the show went off the air! I still love the repetitions! Also, I do not know if anyone noticed this, but in the previous episodes, the city was called Westbridbe (an invented city, I think it was supposed to be near Salem), but in later episodes, they do not. I mention the name of the town called Westbridge and I think they call it Boston, unless it's where she worked. Also, I wanted to add, I found the episode, "Wild Wild Sabrina", where you are taught about the importance of the rules, to be insulting. She was 18 years old and too old to be punished; They would have insulted me if my parents had put me ashore at 18 years old. And I think that while an 18-year-old girl could ruin the way she did it, they need to learn the consequences for themselves. I think that at 18 they know that rules are important.
