Last, great Z-grade drive-in filmmaker par excellence. Adamson really surpasses himself with this glorious and frightening soft-core musical comedy, the atrocity of comedy, which sounds deliciously depressing and dumbfounded in the sheer stupidity of celluloid and astounding stupidity. In the bleak totalitarian future of 2047, sex has been considered an illegal act by the impotent and imbecile idiot of Big Brother, the Controller (an amusingly funny Erwin Fuller). However, sweet'n'sexy Cinderella (radiant blonde cutie foot Catherine Erhardt) remains determined to change things for the better. With the help of her effeminate Fairy Godfather (a flamboyant and flamboyant Jay B. Larson), Cinderella attends a grand ball with the specific plan of seducing the handsome stallion Tom Prince (the dorky Vaughn Armstrong) and teaches everyone that making love is something positive. pleasant activity and completely acceptable. <br /> <br /> Adamson runs this ridiculous thread with his usual incompetence of all thumbs, staging the incredibly horrible sequences of songs and dances with a lack of skill and totally polite talent. The openly abysmal number of "We all need love" with people in disguises of absurd animals that stand awkwardly above the forest is a hilariously horrid wonder; I say to the equally abominable routine "Mechnical Man" with a bunch of awkwardly insane robots. The raw, static cinematography of Louis Horvarth, the sticky plastic miniatures, the music of Sparky Sugerman's pulsating nightclub, the copious gratuitous nudity (the dazzling brunette hottie Sherri Coyle deserves a special compliment in this particular department), the child-numbing of the brain in childish attempts with little intelligence (Roscoe the law of robots is especially irritating), and uniformly terrible performances (the scandalous interpretation of Renee Harmon of Cinderella's evil dominant stepmother copied the booby grand prize here) still enhance plus the extraordinarily abundant quality of cheese that will be savored in this delicious and fearsome anxiety.
