I have this movie on DVD and I've seen it thirty times already. I really must love him, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I was a surfer in my life and I loved sports. To this day, I love good surfing. Riding Giants has a lot of that, and that's why I'm a fool for the thing. But I definitely have some bones to choose from. (Peralta, are you listening?) <br /> <br /> First, the film has very little faith in its subject. The cutting and editing of the waves is such that most of them are somewhat ruined. Very, very few waves are shown mounted from start to finish. Peralta seems addicted to a hyperkinetic method of cutting and rhythm. It gets especially bad in the middle section at the Mavericks place in northern California. Not a single wave is mounted from start to finish. Almost the whole section of Mavericks (a third of the movie) is a discordant montage of clips with an equally discordant soundtrack. I can understand the effect that Peralta was trying to achieve with the Mavericks, since the place is a truly frightening mix of crushing bone waves in an icy ocean, but it goes too far. Mavericks is not just a bad acid trip. The waves are really mounted there, even with great performances. It would have been nice to see some of them. If Peralta thinks that this is a great sport (and I'm sure he does), why does he insist so much on messing with the subject? Sometimes, the edition reduces the film to the inscrutable. There's a quick clip in the Peahi section of Hawaii, which I still can not understand. Even if I run it in slow motion on DVD, the image is too fast to be decipherable. It should be a couple of frames in length at the most. <br /> <br /> Secondly, have the guys who did this learned anything about underestimation? It is particularly irritating to see the directors' version narrated on DVD. These guys sound like two girls in the valley. The same feeling appears in the main production. All things are always so "incredible", etc. One character in particular is simply disgusting: Sam George, the editor of Surfer Magazine, who is practically pissing on his pants every time he has something to say. He is a super who drags the movie. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of effort in this movie. I mean, just to get the old shots of movies they have, and also, all the interviews. The movie is a great story, and I think that in general it is a captivating entertainment. Thematically it is well distributed, with the three parts centered around Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton respectively. There are some uses of still photography that are phenomenal. In the narration of the directors, they say that it is a new type of 3D technology, and it really works. The three main characters shine, both in their interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He rises to the top of his sport in a way that I've only seen Michael Jordan do in basketball. And also, the story of his encounter with his father is a gem. It really touched me. <br /> <br /> It's just that the movie could have been much more. The last part of the movie, when the credits appear, gives an idea of ​​what could have been. There are some beautiful panoramic wave shots with a magnificent soundtrack. (The soundtrack in the rest of the movie is garbage, although you may like it if you're a fan of modern and frenetic rock school). Anyway, my two cents ...
