'Where the Sidewalk Ends (1950)' opens, appropriately, with the names of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys inscribed on the sidewalk, while the dirty water flows between the bars of a sewer grate. The sidewalk represents respectability, integrity and morality? Only delinquents and criminals walk in the ditch. But even the most honorable man has a tendency to make a false step on occasion, and when the sidewalk comes to an abrupt end, it is sometimes impossible to avoid getting your shoes wet. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the gutter, his father was a professional criminal, and has spent his entire life scratching his way to the sidewalk, always balanced on the edge of the curb. As a police detective, Dixon wants nothing more than to show the decency and integrity that his father lacked, but he has a bad patch from which he can not escape. When his temper leaves a murder suspect dead, Dixon becomes the same father he despised, a cheap criminal who will cheat and lie to cover up his offensive. <br /> <br /> 'Where the sidewalk ends' was the only film that brought together Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the superb 'Laura (1944)', although the two films, so far They could not be more separated. While the previous image had the strong intimacy of a murder tale in a country house, this film is more conventional as a harsh urban police drama. Given her dazzlingly memorable performance as Laura Hunt, it is unfortunate that Tierney here is very underutilized, occupying the typical niche of beautiful and defenseless romantic interest (as she did that same year in "Night and the City of Jules Dassin (1950)". } Andrews, on the other hand, has rarely been better, showing a toughness and a deranged anger that he had not expected from him.Gerrill Merrill is suitably presumed as the crime boss Scalise, but he does not seem bad enough for the role , and I think that an actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in 'The Big Combo (1955)') better adapted to the character, I had not realized this, but Conte appeared just a year earlier in 'Whirlpool' 1949) of Preminger '. <br /> <br /> Is the tension, when Dixon tries to cover up his accidental crime, absolutely fascinating? Certainly among the most suspenseful sequences of his time? Although I feel that the situation has not yet exploded. in all its potential. The taxi driver is the only person who could have decisively identified Dixon as the perpetrator, but Preminger quickly passes by when he passes Dixon up the stairs. If they had brought the witness when Dixon was representing his own movements outside the apartment entrance, we could have had some genuine fireworks. And why, for that matter, the taxi driver's testimony could not immediately absolve Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) of suspected murder? The incongruous incoherencies like these tarnish an excellent screenplay by Ben Hecht, which infuses its harsh and criminal underworld with forceful cops and expert criminals. The crippling and implosive law enforcement agent of Andrews, tormented by anger and remorse, has rarely done better, at least the equivalent of Robert Ryan in Nicholas Ray's 'On Dangerous Ground (1952)'.
