New York police detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons on a daily basis while facing the normal ups and downs of everyday life. The tension produced by his internal struggle and his intense hatred of criminals, leads him to commit serious errors of judgment and not recognize the need to comply with any code of conduct in his dealings with people on the wrong side of the law. . He has a history of dealing with known criminals and suspects with brutal brutality and this has led to a conflict with his superior officers, who have censored him for the amount of violence he has used regularly. Dixon can not reconcile these requests for moderation with his own extreme and irrational hatred towards all criminals. He feels tormented by the fact that his father was a delinquent and has been left with a great need to maintain his father's reputation and avoid meeting the low expectations that many people have of him as a consequence. <br /> <br /> When a wealthy Texan is murdered after an overnight game run by gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned to the case. Scalise tells Dixon's superior officer, Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden) that the victim had been accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney) and that Paine had committed the murder. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and asks the suspect that he is drunk and does not cooperate, and when Paine hits him, Dixon retaliates and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon continues to discard the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife is interrogated and, after describing what had happened at Scalise's house, she adds that her father had gone to Paine's apartment that night later to disagree with him about the fact that she had returned home with facial bruises. Paine had previously attacked her several times and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), had threatened that, if it happened again, he would beat Paine. This information leads Taylor to be arrested and charged with murder. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise had killed the Texan and then had Paine killed to eliminate him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to make several attempts for Scalise to be condemned, but finally realizes that it is the only way to succeed. his goal is to write a confession about his own role in Paine's death and the cover-up. He does this and also records that he is just going to face Scalise so the police can arrest the mobster for the murder of Dixon. The confrontation with Scalise and the eventual means by which Dixon achieves his own redemption, provide a tense and appropriate conclusion to this thrilling thriller. <br /> <br /> The tense and worried expressions of Dana Andrews convey the perpetually disturbed nature of her character and her anxieties as she faces a series of misfortunes that include and follow the accidental death of Paine. Dixon, however, is not the only one who experiences misfortune like Morgan, a successful model loses her job due to all the problems that surround her. His father, who some years before had received a diploma for helping the police, is unjustly accused of a crime he did not commit. Ken Paine, who had been a war hero, had experienced unemployment and a loss of self-esteem that led to alcoholism and the wife being beaten and Scalise, who had been created in the business by Dixon's father, also suffers his own misfortunes <br /> <br /> "Where The Sidewalk Ends" is a story that involves a group of interesting and diverse characters and a main character who is the absolute personification of moral ambiguity.
