['The charm of the great and visionary film noir of Otto Preminger is that he has ambiguous intentions, which betrays the somber essence of the central character, who is still annoyed to live in the shadow of his criminal father. Dana Andrews, the vengeful policewoman of Dana Andrews, is shown as an outsider, irrational and destructive, that maybe she can change because she could have found a good woman to take care of him. The troubled man recovers himself with his own tangled impression of righteousness. The disturbing mood that circulated permanently in the last part of the story of screenwriter Ben Hecht reverberates in the tense performance of Andrews when Preminger saturates the film with a substance of prosaic style. We not only see and hear the city at night; We are sorry because Preminger allows us to see and hear even the most peripheral and distant factors of it. <br /><br /> Dana Andrews provides a complex character that develops through its veins of violence and the hatred that always infests it. As the plot unfolds, it is secretly entangled in situational traps, but it is renewed with the external acts that can be seen in the visceral facial expressions of the classical vintage protagonist before he executes them. <br /><br /> This reflection of a specific phase in the development of the genre is an absorbing film, savage and dark that develops in the double climate of the underworld, where the hero is so far away that he is always full of rage, and even though he loses his rational resistance , its occupational principle and its ethical limits, is still a good policeman. Preminger simply winks to tell a socially conscious drama about a corrupt community within the sprawling urban landscape, instead of keeping the thriller mounted on Andrews&#39; shoulders as an existential journey of personal ramifications over a man with an Oedipus fixation that It is disconnecting with time. - Reducing the influences of the law on their side and an imperishable perception of right and wrong. <br /><br /> In the early 1950s, production companies tackled the social problems landscape, and instead made &quot;low-budget, low-risk thrillers&quot; like this one, apparently in an attempt to evade the connotations of conservative critics and social bodies. . But there is an expressionist approach to reality in the inimitable approach of Preminger. Inject each scene with a sense of everyday drama as a backdrop to the plot. Each secondary character must make their own effort by doing something interesting, but none of them is a depressing cartoon or comic relief. For him, all the characters think they are the star, according to the direct self-affirmation of Karl Malden as a missionary police inspector and a veteran waitress at a food counter. They are those who are the stars, Andrews and Gene Tierney, both distressed by their useless attempts to control their emotional intensity, who do not want to be.']
