Dana Andrews highlights "Where the Sidewalk Ends" in this 1950 film that also stars Gene Tierney, Gary Merrill, Karl Malden and Neville Brand. Andrews plays the detective sergeant of the city of New York. Mark Dixon, a bad-tempered cop who has got into trouble in the past for hitting the suspects. When a man is murdered in a gambling club owned by a mobster, Scalise (Merrill), Dixon and his partner will investigate. Scalise blames the murder on Ken Paine (Stevens), who now left the club after fighting not only with his wife, Morgan (Tierney) but also with the victim. Dixon believes that the victim earned a lot of money and was killed as a result by the mobster's men. He goes to see Paine and, without noticing that he has a plate in the head of the war, he throws it to the ground and kills it inadvertently. Now he must cover up the murder. As an additional complication, he falls in love with Morgan; his father (Ken Tully), who went to Paine's apartment after seeing that Paine had beaten his daughter, was arrested for the crime. <br /> <br /> This is a really great noir, with many good performances. The sturdy and elegant Andrews is convincing as a tough but nervous detective who has to stay one step ahead of his colleagues. The film reunites him with his fabulous companion "Laura", Gene Tierney, and she looks charming as a model with bad taste in men who apparently are accustomed to being mistreated. Little does she know, she has another in her hands. Ken Tully does an excellent job like his father, who protests his innocence despite some damning evidence. Karl Malden is very tough as Dixon's boss. <br /> <br /> My only problem with this well-directed, fast and absorbing film is the end. Pure Hollywood and, putting myself in Tierney's place, I doubt he will react in the same way. A minor criticism for a film written by Ben Hecht and directed by Otto Preminger. I did not find it as impressive as "Laura", but few things in this world are. If you like black movies, this is a must.
