I'm a big fan of black movie fans, and this Otto Preminger movie is easily one of the best I've seen. Preminger has reunited two of its stars of the successful 'Laura' - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, for a completely different crime film. Laura was based on love, and this movie is based on hatred; while we watched police detective Mark Dixon, a debt collector who was already under the scrutiny of his superiors for his hard-line tactics, accidentally kills a suspect and tries to attribute the murder to a known criminal; A man named Tommy Scalisi. The plot is brilliantly worked, and Preminger excellently balances several points of the plot; but everything comes down to the main moral implication that surrounds our main character. The fact that the film is set in the clandestine criminal means that the plot has an excellent basis for work, and director Otto Preminger expertly captures the weaker side of life by showing the main characters betting, sticking to each other (and their women), shots and more - and this also helps to make up for the film of the previous 'Laura', which was very much set in upper class society. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the most interesting interesting parts of his career. Here, we have a character that is difficult to please because it is so cold, but the fact that we can understand his motives ensures that he is easy to sympathize with, and that allows the public the possibility of connecting to his difficult situation. The development of the character is well programmed, and how we have followed this character and his motivations throughout the film; Everything makes sense in the end. His co-star is the beautiful Gene Tierney, who is not given as much to do in this film as she in Laura; A movie that made Tierney its axis. However, he does well with what he has, and the chemistry of the main duo is excellent and Tierney helps to complete all the scenes in which he finds himself. I can not say that this is a better movie than the previous Laura; It is a difficult act to follow, but this film fits the formula of black cinema better than the previous Preminger. The film also makes a good comparison piece for Laura; As almost everything in this film is opposite to the 1944 film, however, it is strangely familiar. Highly recommended for everyone!
