At first glance, it seems natural to compare Where the sidewalk ends with Laura. Both have Noirish qualities, both were directed by Otto Preminger and the two stars Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But that's where most of the comparisons end. Laura dealt with elegant and sophisticated people with means that are simply confused in a murder. Where the sidewalk ends, it is established in a completely different stratum. These are people with just two coins rubbing each other, who are more accustomed to seeing the lower aspects of society than going to fancy dress parties. Where the sidewalk ends is a sand film full of desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or with some other weapon. The small hoods are a dime and the police usually reject the confessions of the criminals. Getting caught up in a homicide investigation seems as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> Although I have not seen all his work, based on what I have seen, Dana Andrews offers one of his best performances as the beaten policeman, det. Sergeant Mark Dixon. He is the type of policeman who is accustomed to mistreat the local capos if he gives him information or a confession. One night, he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He does everything he can to cover it up. But things get complicated when he falls in love with the wife of the dead man, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes the number one suspect in the murder case. As Morgan's father means the world to her, Dixon has to do what he can to clear the old man without getting involved. <br /> <br /> Technically, where the sidewalk ends is outstanding. In addition to the excellent performance of Andrews, the film features the always charming Tierney. She has a quality that can make even the darkest moments look brighter. The rest of the cast is as solid with Tom Tully as the father wrongly accused of being a real standout. Beyond the acting, the direction, the stages, the lighting and the cinematography are first class. In general, it is an incredibly well made movie. <br /> <br /> If I have a complaint (and it is a very, very small fight) it is that Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and its environment. It's a bit hard to believe that a woman like that can find herself mixed with some of these unpleasant characters. It's not really your fault, it's just the way Tierney is. She seems a little too beautiful, polished and delicate for the part. But, his gentle, kind and trusting nature adds a sense of realism necessary to his interpretation.
