Where the sidewalk ends, Otto Preminger brings together Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, probably hoping to recover the magic of his Laura. But they are very different movies, set in different strata of New York (not to mention at the opposite poles of the black universe). A fine haze of Gothic looms over Laura's exclusive Manhattan, with its erotic obsession and its faint smell of necrophilia; Where The Sidewalk ends is the pure urban soot and sand that takes place in a city of apartments in basements, steam rooms and parking garages. <br /> <br /> But it is a film as fine as its venerated predecessor, and dyed in the -wool noir (Laura, on the other hand, one of the 1944 films that the French called `noir 'for the first time, it was still a sophisticated mystery of murder). The light of day enters only in situations of temporary suffering, and the director of photography Joseph LaShelle takes full advantage of the alleys and reddish stones, the docks and the El. This is the great city par excellence, especially Big Apple, noir , like many others from the excellent vintage of 1950, such as Side Street and Sleeping City and The Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. <br /> <br /> As the movie begins, police detective Dana Andrews is on the carpet for his brutal ways, particularly his revenge on the crime boss Gary Merrill (whom we learned was established in the business for Andrews' father, who has no problems). When a stranger is stabbed to death in a floating shit game operated by Merrill, the Andrews hair trigger blows a witness, causing a fatal crack in the skull (exacerbated by a steel plate installed on the veteran's head) . Realizing that his work is already on the line, Andrews throws the body into the river after making it look like the suspect had taken a gunpowder. <br /> <br /> Of course, that is far from over. The body is discovered, his estranged wife turns out to be Tierney, and all evidence begins to turn to his father (Tom Tully), a pirate driver who turned out to have not only been crossing the same streets the night of the murder but also having enough reasons to love his dead abusive grandfather. But the bitter lonely Andrews finds in Tierney a call to his better nature; he tries to exonerate his father while keeping his share in the whole sleazy business secret ... <br /> <br /> Not as epigrammatic as Laura, the script of Where The Sidewalk Ends (by Ben Hecht) shows a pungency own (in a second dressing, his superior says to Andrews: "Look at you, all wrinkled like a sailor on tap"). <br /> <br /> But while Laura extends her attention to half a dozen characters, here Andrews is the only focus (even Tierney's role is much less central than her semi-spectral Laura). And Andrews may never have surpassed his performance here. His lips are tight and taciturn, but never more eloquent than when his face records in silence the anguish that his own obstinacy has brought him. He is a repressed patient who can be released only through the safety valve of violence (he even lashes out against his loyal partner, Bert Freed). To be sure, find a way too fast for redemption through the agency of your beautiful co-star. But that was the style of the times, and an end sweetened recently to undermine this history of violence, corruption and urban entanglements in New York.
