['We are very far from LAURA. Once again, Otto Preminger directs, Dana Andrews plays a police detective named Mark, and Gene Tierney is the beautiful woman who pursues him, but nothing else about WHERE THE SIDE COMES resembles the sophisticated murder mystery of everyone&#39;s favorite. Instead of a delightfully quotable dialogue, we get a heartbreaking and heart-rending realism. While the previous film took place in the luxurious upper echelons of New York society, here we are in the low-income district of dark streets, thugs, cheap restaurants and disastrous apartments. Tierney, beautiful as always, now works as a department store mannequin and lives in Washington Heights (the neighborhood of the &quot;doll&quot; that once removed a fox skin from Mark McPherson of LAURA). This time, Andrews is Mark Dixon, an older, sadder and more troubled version of the cool cop in a raincoat. <br /><br /> WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS belongs to a subgenre of noir, police brutality films focused on policemen who can not control their violent impulses. Like the character of Kirk Douglas in DETECTIVE HISTORY, Dixon owes his great contempt for criminals to his father&#39;s criminal past. Where Douglas is selfish and blind to his own faults, Andrews feels overwhelmed by repressed guilt and self-esteem. He accidentally kills a suspect and covers up his actions with an attempt to cast suspicion on a viscous gangster (Gary Merrill) whom he has been chasing in vain for years. Instead, a kind taxi driver is suspected because he is the father of wife Morgan (Gene Tierney), who is abroad and mistreated. Dixon, falling in love with the wife of the man he killed, desperately tries to save his father without surrendering. <br /><br /> Among the other protagonists, Dana Andrews had this distinction: she was incapable of appearing unintelligent. Even when playing with an average Joe, as he used to do, he always shows himself as unusually sensitive and perceptive; More than that, his air of being too pensive for his own comfort gives him that obsessed and disturbing quality that was his essence as an actor. I played common guys, cops and soldiers, but always with a hidden tragedy of seeing and knowing too much. His conscientious heroes are marked by exhaustion, guilt, the inability to &quot;lighten up&quot;. No other actor could have expressed the repressed anger so well, the pain that burns slowly, the dying intelligence of Mark Dixon. It also has a dull tenderness, a stifled heat and even an ironic humor that makes it heartbreaking. This occurs when he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he is a regular customer, and for the first time we see this cold and brutal man who exchanges mockery of insults with the waitress, whose sarcasm can not hide his affection and concern for him. When Dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for Morgan&#39;s father, he gives it to him though they recently argued and Dixon punched him. There are no words about loyalty or knowing that he is a good guy at heart, but we see everything in the anguished silence of the man and in the resignation of his wife while he delivers some jewels to a pawn. Dixon&#39;s kindness is manifested through the reactions of other people to him as well as through the moving performance of Andrews. <br /><br /> Although Dana Andrews was a minor star, she may be the quintessential man of the forties. He goes through some movies almost never takes off his coat; with that mid-century square shape, strengthened even more by the fedora, the bourbon glass, the cigarette that he does not put out of his mouth when he speaks, seems imprisoned by the masculine ideal of hardness and impassivity. While many noirs romanticize the two-fisted hard man, WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS offers an unwavering portrayal of the reality behind the facade, an exciting and melancholy exploration of the roots and consequences of violence. <br /><br /> Andrews was sadly underestimated in his time (he was the only one of the three protagonists in THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES, not nominated for an Academy Award, although his discreet performance is much more convincing than the hammy of Oscar-winning Frederic March ). drunk). Fortunately, Andrews appeared in some films that ensured his immortality, and now finally this little known film, which contains his best performance, can be seen as part of the wonderful set of Fox Film Noir. This series, which includes a number of never-before-released titles (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES &#39;HIGHWAY), suggests that Twentieth Century-Fox may have had the best record of all major studios when it comes to film noir.']
