George Cukor directs this story of high quality suspense in the theatrical world with his usual sensitive but firm touch. Is the performance of Ronald Colman, which earned him an Oscar, still standing despite some exaggerated moments? It is hard to forget your enchanted face as you move aimlessly around social functions and try to find meaning in your life. There are a number of interesting subtexts and Cukor does an excellent job of clarifying them without forcing anything too much. The screenplay by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant, blending the rarefied theatrical world with the seedy world of the streets and using holistically elements of Shakespeare's "King Lear" as reference to the main theme of the movie's jealousy and obsession of the character of Colman for identity. . <br /> <br /> Some interesting things about this movie? Superficially, it could be ruled out as too frivolous a treatment of the actors' daily problems. In other words, if the art of acting required such a complete sublimation of individuality, we would soon have a series of actors of the psycho method harassing the streets. But I really do not think that the main concern of this story is the performance or the work / art of acting per se. I believe that Anthony's struggles represent a broader existential question, a deeply buried uncertainty about identity. I feel there is a key in his relationship with his ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he never would have had or could have become a good actor without his inspiration. And at another point, he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married her. I'm not sure what to do with this, but it seems important to me, especially because it's his obsession with her and his jealousy that finally pushes him to the top. Perhaps the implication is that Anthony put himself in danger in the first place when entering into a serious relationship. Marriage implies a "union of the soul" in the traditional conception. It is unusual that the male and female protagonists are divorced at the beginning of the film. It's not completely unreleased (Hawks' comedy "His Girl Friday" comes to mind, among other things), but it's unusual and probably significant, especially in light of the fact that they do not end up solving their romantic separation. In a way, the movie could imply that jealousy is another form of self-love.
