Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who has begun to lose his head and sense of identity. After years of interpreting a wide range of parts, he can not remember exactly who he is, who his roles are and who he is. And, much more seriously, he begins to see and hear his game even in everyday life. Then, since he is currently playing in "Othello", he begins to act jealous and suspicious, just like the title character. Ultimately, it takes him to the depths of madness and murder. <br /> <br /> I saw this movie years ago and I liked it. I just saw him again and I loved it. Now, maybe a little bit of my enthusiasm is because I've always liked Ronald Colman and this is a great triumph for him, and for which he won the Oscar for Best Actor. And, looking at that year's competition (Gregory Peck for the GENTLEMAN AGREEMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for LIFE WITH FATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice. his usual comfort zone and played a much more demanding role. <br /> <br /> Now I realized that a critic hated this movie because they hated Shakespeare, and that took almost half of his criticism when talking about his dislike for him. However, this movie is not really about Shakespeare, and it does not matter at all if you do not like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I marveled at the small portions of the play that Colman played again, though, as I said, this is NOT really a Shakespeare movie. Instead, it is a wonderful portrait of an actor who loses his reason and mixes his stage role with reality. It could have been ANY work, although "Othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scene, which is actually depicted later in the film. <br /> <br /> In general, a very intelligent film due to a charming script - with some nuances of Film Noir. Fortunately, the performance was also excellent, as Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was particularly good: he played his right role). And, considering that the great George Cukor was directing, it's no wonder it's a wonderful movie from start to finish.
