A DOUBLE LIFE has developed a mystique among film fans for two reasons: the plot of an actor who is so wrapped up in a role (here Othello) as to capture the great flaw of that character and put it into his life; and that this is the film that won Ronald Colman the Academy Award (as well as the Golden Globe) as best actor. Let's take the second point first. <br /> <br /> Is Anthony John Colman's most important role, or even his distinctive role? I have my doubts at any level, but it is one of his most well-known roles. For most of his career, Ronald Colman played decent gentlemen, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He is Bulldog Drummond (cleaned up in Goldwyn's production so as not to be an arrogant racist) fighting crime. He is Raffles, the great cricketer and even an even bigger thief, who tries to achieve his best robbery to save a friend's honor. He is Robert Conway, the great imperial political figure, who is kidnapped and taken to that paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar, and he goes to his death after he learns that his masterpiece has been destroyed and that he is now a blind and useless artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here it is not heroic. In fact, he is unconsciously evil: he murders one person and almost kills two others. It does not matter that he is obviously mentally ill: his behavior here is antisocial. <br /> <br /> For me, Colman should have won the Oscar for Heldar, Carton or Conway, all more typical of his performance. But the Academy has a long tradition of choosing atypical roles to bestow its treasure on its leading members. Anthony John de Colman is a very good performance, and at a given moment really scary. When she is alone with Signe Hasso in her house, she at the top of a ladder and he at the base, they have an argument. She demands that "Tony" leave, saying she will not see him. He stares at her, his face hardens strangely in a way he never used before, and says, "Oh, no, you will not!" He starts to climb the stairs, scaring Hasso, and she runs to his room. He stops and leaves. In reality, it is the true highlight of his performance, even more than his attack on Hasso on stage, or Edmond O'Brien, or his murder of Shelley Winters. It showed his blind fury. For that moment it was (for me) a performance worthy of an Oscar. But it is only that moment. I'm glad he was recognized for the role, but he should have received the award for more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> His real performance in Othello's Shakespearian role is not excellent, but it is bearable. Too often, let the dialogue come out of your tongue in a kind of forced singing style (you wonder if that was due to the training of Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to handle paper properly, or a reaction to it). Today, "Othello" is played by an African-American actor more often than a white one. The brilliant performance of Paul Robeson on paper established that new tradition firmly in its place. But the three most well-known film performances of the part are those of Colman, Orson Welles in his film of OTHELLO and Laurence Olivier in his film of his theatrical production of OTHELLO. The three white actors played the role in the black face. My personal favorite of the three is Welles, who seems the most subtle. But even watching Welles' good movie makes me angry because Robeson was never able to put on his performance (with José Ferrer as Iago) in the film. <br /> <br /> Now, the first question: can an actor wrap that up? A role? I heard different things about this. Some actors have admitted that they have taken a role at home with them from the stage of the cinema or the movie. Others have found a role that should be stimulating, influencing them in a new cause of action with respect to their lives or some aspect of life. But in reality I have never heard of someone who has become homicidal as a result of a role. It seems like a melodramatic and trite idea. <br /> <br /> In fact, it was not a new idea in 1947 with Cukor, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944, a feature of "B," THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER, starring John Loder, used a similar argument about an actor who plays the infamous "Jack the Ripper" type, and who begins to commit such murders after a Accident affects your mind. . There was a previous film in the 1930s, in which an actor who plays Othello becomes jealous of his wife (I think the title was MAN ARE NOT GODS, but I'm not sure). But because of the name and career of Colman, and the direction of Cukor, it is a DOUBLE LIFE what people think when they remember this plot. She even got to comedy (finally) in an episode of CHEERS, where Diane Chambers is helping an ex-convict who may have talent to act, and they put OTHELLO in the bar, right after watching her kiss Sam Malone. Only Diane is aware of the personality problem of the ex-convict, and can not delay production long enough (try to start a discussion about the history and symbolism of the work). <br /> <br /> The cast of A DOUBLE LIFE was first class, and Cukor's management was safer than ever. So it's definitely worth watching the movie. But despite giving Colman an interesting role, it was not his best work on the screen.
