This two-part television miniseries is not as good as the 1966 original, but it's solid. The original benefited from a lot of things: everything was black and white, it had a great jazz score and it was filmed in real places, including the house of the Clutter family, doomed to failure. That was important because in the book and in the original film, home is a character in itself. <br /> <br /> This remake was filmed in Canada and I think it doubles for Kansas. The story tries to be as understanding with Perry as he dares to do, and Eric Roberts interprets him as a somewhat false person, his homosexuality barely concealed. However, Roberts' softer take does not work in the end because it is hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith would eventually explode in a spasm of murder. While Robert Blake's opinion of Smith left you no doubt that his Perry Smith was an extremely dangerous character. <br /> <br /> Anthony Edwards was excellent as the grandiloquent, big-mouthed and finally cowardly Dick Hickcock, the brain of the outfit. . His performance compares very well with the role of Scott Wilson in the original film. <br /> <br /> As this is a longer film, it gives more time to develop the Clutter family and, in this sense, I think the 1996 movie has an advantage. The Clutters are an exceptional and decent family. They have never hurt another soul and it is simply inexplicable for such a decent family to be finally massacred in such a horrible way. I'm still surprised that, after the Clutters were locked in the bathroom, Herb Clutter did not come out the window so that at least his children would have a chance to escape. This movie has the thought that comes to mind, but too late. From what I read about the real home, which is still standing, the way the bathroom is set up, they could have opened the drawers and effectively locked the door, which would have forced the murderers to make their way. But I could have bought time for some of the Clutters to escape. I have no idea why the Clutters did not try this. <br /> <br /> Fans of the book will recognize that this film takes many liberties with the way the crime is committed, but it is not too serious. However, it distracts viewers like me who have read a lot about the case. The actors who play the cops, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are uniformly excellent, I think, as a group, they are much better than the actors in the original movie. They know that to secure the rope around their necks, they have to make them confess. And the officers come to the interview impeccably prepared. They had already discovered the probable alibi of the false history of going to Fort Scott, and had discredited each jot. The officers allowed Smith and Hickcock to simply enter their trap. Hickcock is a b.s. Artist who believes that he can convince anyone of anything and the officers respectfully allow him to tell his cover story. But when the boom drops on him, it breaks very fast. It is very well filmed and acted and it is very gratifying to see it because the viewer, naturally, should detest Hickcock in particular at this point, a cowardly swindler who needs the easily manipulated Smith to kill him for it. Supposedly, Hickcock later declared that the real reason for the crime was not to steal money from the Clutters but to rape Nancy Clutter. At least she was saved from degradation. <br /> <br /> The actors who play the Clutters are very good, Kevin Tighe as Herb Clutter in particular. The story deals sensitively with Mrs. Clutter's emotional problems, the most likely clinical depression, and Mrs. Clutter shows a remarkable inner strength when she firmly and forcefully demands that the murderers leave her daughter alone. From what I've read, the Clutters' surviving family was particularly upset by the way Bonnie Clutter was portrayed in the book, claiming it was completely false. But aside from that, the two assassins told the police how Mr. Clutter asked them not to bother his wife because of his long illness. Capote could invent that fiction to make Bonnie's character more interesting, but certainly the killers had no reason to misinterpret Ms. Clutter and, no doubt, much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in the movies) it is found in the recorded confessions of the murderers. Then, it would have been absurd that Herb said that and it was not true.
