Like others, I have seen and studied most of the books and movies about the murders of the disorder, including some thematic dramatic works based on the actions and psychomitology of the crime participants, including Capote himself. As for Capote, I can not forgive him for voluntarily retaining the confessions, intimacies, and writings of Perry Smith, including the defense attorneys. I believe that the truths and facts that Capote "reserved" for his "book," which demanded Capote's two guilty verdicts and capital punishment, would surely have sustained a successful insanity defense for Perry Smith even under the old McNaughton Rule. . Capote himself could never write another important literary work after "In Cold Blood". Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he encouraged and voluntarily planned the brutal capital punishment to provide the spectacular ending he needed for his book / drama. For him, both men had to die for his book to succeed. The book had to be justified by pretending that it was the horror of capital punishment. His actions and his silence ensured that cold conclusion. <br /> <br /> Capote's book is not true. It is not factual or journalistic. It is drama and melodrama flavored with your own creative psychotic imagination. What most people consider the virtues of the first contemporary film are clear images of the mind of Capote, which may have been the coldest aspect of all. It is not surprising that viewers, ironically, prefer Blake's performance. That actor is the nightmare of Capote's dishonest imaginations. <br /> <br /> So, who says how the two murderers should be played? Who can judge what could make an essentially poetic psychotic reaction of excessive courtesy and kindness to murder "do it now"? I agree with the few who see in Eric Roberts' work a magnificent performance, Shakespearean in his rank, but he played with heartbreaking sincerity. Anthony Edwards takes a much safer "attitude mode" to create an elegant Hickok; but it is one-dimensional and boring, with only a few notes in its television range. Roberts is almost four-dimensional, adding physical weakness and agony to a powerful animal body, a Frankenstein creature that thinks about poetry and knows exactly what NOT to do. Like Leopold about Loeb, Robert's Perry Smith is madly in love with an evil man. Without Hickok or a man of his particularities, Perry Smith would not have taken his psychotic mind to a world of horrors. He fears himself more than he fears anything else in life. <br /> <br /> Given the freedom of Capote's deadly grip in the consciousness of the Clutter murders, Roberts and Edwards are free to create original personalities and psychoses to create a different image. And new drama production. The same facts, some of the same lines of the case record, but deeper, more complex, with clearly titanic psychotic stresses - in fact, Roberts is so good at this fluidic madness that physically and facially demonstrates at every moment the little awareness that have of him. where or who he is <br /> <br /> What many of our critics do not like about this film, Roberts in particular, is that cold-blooded murders do not show up the way they expect and have been manipulated to demand. This is because here we are seeing a much more realistic "interpretation of life and death" than Capote could create: a real tragedy. <br /> <br /> The true cold-blooded killer, Mr. Capote, and his hypocritically artistic "non-fiction novel" does not control these interpretations and performances. <br /> <br /> If "In Cold Blood" and Capote's effect on life, literature and truth are as important as scholars say, then it takes guts and talent to portray the truth, or a version of the truth, which is not the rank, a cowardly lie extracted from the fathoms of Capote's own abyss.
