['I&#39;m from Sweden and I just saw this movie and I thought I was fine. I have seen many negative comments about it, but you should remember that many people who see this two-part miniseries are located all over the world and not just in the US. UU Also remember that not everyone has heard of the movie made in the 60s and perhaps not in the events (murders). And even more ... it can be hard to find the original movie and, if so, there are always people around who do not like black and white movies. This one feels fresh and in color and you will find your audience. Now he is 12 years old, but I just saw him for the first time. I will try to find the first one if I can compare them, but I have not seen it anywhere in Sweden. Of course there is internet but not for anyone in the world. What happens here is that this is mainly part of the history of crime in the United States and that it was big in the 50-60: s only in the USA. UU., But in the rest of the world, I think it&#39;s over. Well, it was talked for a while, but 40 years later it will vanish, for example, because Europe spends time. We had our own problems and crimes, so if someone makes a new version of the film and puts it back in the light, it&#39;s not a bad idea. A new generation can be part of this horrible story and even the film about Capote that was released a few years ago and that I think was a pretty good movie. It will increase interest in the events that took place about 50 years ago and may stop you from falling asleep. I started up and now I&#39;m looking for Robert Blake&#39;s version, so it was not so bad ... huh? These are my opinions. Some people, of course, will disagree, but hey ... it&#39;s fine. Sometimes it will be fine with remakes in old movies. Not always the old ones are so good. The cinematographic techniques have developed a lot and the scenes can be made more realistic if they want it today. It&#39;s always a matter of money, of course. So many films have been made in the &quot;old days&quot;, but there was also a lack of money, bad directors, etc., and they are remade today (50 years later) and suddenly they are fine to see them. My friend got this box of old classic horror movies and s / f, and I can not say that I was impressed by the so-called old times. Most of them you put cold directly. They were so bad that we sat there like zombies ... we could not move ... like brain dead. I can not recommend them to anyone. I&#39;ve seen remakes of some of them and I remember that I liked them ... but not the originals. They were painful and terrible. This is like the old story of who was the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first, maybe you&#39;ll find someone to trust or like ... Thanks for me and I&#39;m sorry for My English, That is not so good. / Lars of Sweden']
