Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer living in Sydney, Australia, who is involved in a murder trial and defends five aboriginal men accused of murdering a fellow native in Peter Weir's apocalyptic thriller in 1977, The Last Wave. Returning to what Picnic at Hanging Rock left behind, the film delves into the exploration of the unknown and, in the process, shows the abyss between two cultures that live together but do not understand the culture and traditions of each. Weir shows how the white society considers native beliefs to be primitive superstitions and believes that, since they live in cities and have been "domesticated", their tribal laws and culture no longer apply. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Burton goes deeper and deeper into a strange network of visions and symbols where the line between real time and "dream time" evaporates. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence, in which a sudden thunder and a hail storm interrupt a quiet school break Burton's discovery that his bathtub is overflowing and that water flows through his steps. As the violent and unusual weather continues with the episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the easy scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives is made clear. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study books about aborigines and learn about the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When he invites one of his clients Chris Lee (David Gulpilil) to his home for dinner, he is annoyed to find out that he is being investigated by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), an enigmatic aboriginal sorcerer involved with the accused. While Burton's investigation continues, his clients hamper his work by refusing to reveal the true events surrounding the murder. <br /> <br /> After Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that the aborigine was killed in a tribe. Ritual because "he saw too much", although Chris refuses to acknowledge this in court. Burton, increasingly concerned about a mystery he can not unravel, tells his stepfather priest: "Why did not you tell me there were mysteries?" This is a legitimate question but, according to the Reverend, the Church responds to all mysteries. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth for himself and enter tribal subterranean caves. Although we do not know with certainty what is real and what a dream is, he comes face to face with his deepest fears in a disturbing climax that will leave him reflecting on its meaning in the early hours of the morning. <br /> <br /> In this period of history in which the Hopi and Mayan native prophecies predict the "end of history" and the purification of the man who leads to the Fifth World, The Last Wave, although he is 25 years old , it's still timely. The aborigines are represented as a vibrant culture, not a person completely subjugated by the white man, however, I am bothered by the feeling that we are looking but that we are not seeing. Weir has opened our eyes to the mystery that lies beyond our consensual vision of reality, but perpetuates the orientation to fatality that sees possibility only in terms of fear, showing nature as a dark and uncontrollable power without a clue of the spiritual beauty that lives. on both sides of time
