The film "The opening night" by John Cassavetes, from 1977, is what critics often call "overlooked" the work of such an important artist. It is an excellent film, in its own right, and one of the best portraits of a crisis of middle age never filmed. It's not a perfect movie, in that, at two hours and twenty-four minutes it's about half an hour, and there's too much emphasis on the drunkenness of the main character, Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowlands, Cassavetes' wife. , long after we got the point. But only Woody Allen's masterpiece, Another Woman, who also starred in Rowlands, eleven years later, is a better portrait of the internal conflicts of an aging woman. However, Rowlands won the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this portrait, and it was well deserved. Often, this film, written by Cassavetes, is easily compared to his previous and inferior film, A Woman Under the Influence, but it is a spurious comparison. The character of Rowlands in that movie is seriously mentally altered from the start, as well as coming from a blue-collar background, while his characters in this movie and in Allen's film are artists who are obsessed with the apparitions. In this film is the ghost of a dead young woman who can be seen as Myrtle's youngest doppelganger, while in the Allen movie it is her character's own past. Many critics have taken this film as a portrait of an alcoholic, seeing Myrtle surrounded by enablers, like a stage director who tells her, during the opening night: "I've seen many drunks in my time, but me." I've never seen anyone as drunk as you who could get up. You're great! 'But this is wrong, because alcohol is not your problem, nor is your chain of smokers. They are mere deviations from whatever it is that really forces her to her own destruction, and to the great credit of Cassavetes, as a narrator, it never allows us to discover exactly what is wrong with Myrtle, and even though she arrives at the end, there is no reason to Expect that she really has solved something of importance. This kind of unresolved ending unites Cassavetes directly with the most daring European directors of the recent past, who felt comfortable not revealing everything to an audience and forcing their viewers to reflect, even if it hurts. <br /> <br /> However, the film recaps perfectly the effect of a drunk or fever coming out of the fog, and as such, the viewer is again subliminally involved in his drama. Whether Myrtle Gordon recovers or not, after the universe of the film is angry with her, it remains for each viewer to decide, and as we have seen before that cover is closed, one's choices do matter.
