When I saw John Cassavetes' film, Opening Night, I remembered something that Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about the personal experience of being an art or acting creator. He referred to an example of, say, if he ran over a dog while he was going to act in a play, it would not be the end of his life but it would affect him, and that, without a doubt, He would have to bring that experience with him on stage even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," as he said, "what am I doing?" I could not help thinking of his words when he saw the character of Gena Rowland, Myrtle Gordon, who for almost a week or so passed through a very similar scenario. Of course, there is something else in the Cassavetes movie, since it's about how theater works around a star actress, what emotions and human nature mean when you look at a character, and how you live when everything one has (like Myrtle Gordon) is the theater. <br /> <br /> Near the beginning of the film, after leaving a performance, Myrtle is signing autographs and one of those fans called Nancy approaches her favorite star and devotes her heart to Myrtle. It is a very moving moment, but it does not last, since she has to get into the car (torrential rain and everything). Then he watches in horror as the girl, who was standing next to the car while driving away, is hit by another car in a car accident. She is not really sure of what happened, but the next day she discovers that, in fact, the girl died from the blow. From that moment on, she is stunned by this even after she thinks it is out of her system. At first, this is shown in a small way, as when rehearsing a scene with his fellow actor (played by Cassavetes) and it seems that he can not bear to be beaten. She blames the lack of depth in the character (the writer: "What do you think the play is missing?" "Hope," says Myrtle), but then Nancy begins to appear before her, an appearance that for Myrtle is totally real, until she suddenly disappears. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes As in the previous films, you look for what it means to have emotion, to really feel something and feel it, or its lack, and how it affects others around the person. This is not exactly new ground for Rowlands, who previously played with a woman on the edge of herself in Woman Under the Influence (in that case due to alcohol), nor would it be a strange territory for co-star Ben Gazzara, who has just Get out protagonist in the murder of a Chinese bookmaker. But the actors express all the essentials for their characters in each scene; Cassavetes does not tell them how to go from A to B in a scene, and he does not need to. There is a state of mind in a Cassavetes movie that triumphs over the sometimes dirty work of the camera. You know that Myrtle, for example, should be happy in some way, even if she is not with the plot. But she is obsessed and not satisfied with the lack of depth of her character and the tone of the work ("Aging, who's going to see that?", Asks the playwright), and that also affects those around her. <br /> <br /> The question soon becomes not what is usual. A conventional dramatist would make the conflict "Can she go on stage, will the show continue?" This is not important for Cassavetes, even if it is there, as is the question "Will it be fine?" Maybe going through such an exhausting work as "The Second Woman" could help her solve her personal demons and lose her control over reality (see Sara and attack her in front of strangers, who wonder what the hell is going on)? Or will the lack of hope in the work force everything that is wrong with it? The depths that Rowlands does with his character are intense and anguished, and what is expected does not mean it is more boring than Woman Under the Influence; in any case, it is as good as that film to be honest about a person in this profession, and consequently, the other performances are equally true, from Gazarra to Nancy played by a subtle Laura Johnson. Cassavetes' answers to their own questions are not easy. <br /> <br /> One of the real emotions of Opening Night, along with seeing the great actors play an incredible script, is to see Cassavetes take the theater in the way he does. We see the work performed, and apparently it is a real work, and we only know what it is about. When we see the actors on the stage interpret it, we are increasingly involved in what is happening in the melodrama (fights of relationships and issues and the occasional slap and domestic violence) and the improvisation of the actors. I wondered how much it really was improvised, how much Cassavetes allowed the other actors to do in the scenes where Myrtle starts going crazy or, in the climax, is completely shattered. He is also on stage, so it must have been something for them to solve in advance and let what happened happen. <br /> <br /> It's fun, amazing, chilling and on the edge of your seat Stuff, some of the best movie scenes in a movie, and we see that the lines between the actor on stage, the actor in the movie , the actor with the actor, are wonderfully confused. Opening Night is a powerful drama that is full of frank conversations about death and madness, reality and fiction, where love is between people and, finally, what does "acting" mean?
