['Yesterday, I went to the old flea market that comes to the city. I really have no interest in such things, but I went to the communion of friends who have that interest. Looking at the hundreds of suppliers, passing many of them quickly, I saw someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the movies I had on DVD were quite recent; The oldest I noticed was the one from 1940, Cary Grant-Irene Dunne, co-star of MY FAVORITE WIFE. But VHS tapes, by their nature, were mostly old movies. I could not resist buying SOMETHING, since they were sold to 3 tapes for $ 10.00. What a bargain, as Eddie Murphy used to say. I came across a movie I had heard about for years, but had never seen: OPENING NIGHT (1977) by John Cassavettes. Well, I certainly wanted him to be a fan of Gena Rowlands, and I had heard that this movie contained one of his best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I had seen it about 20 years ago, a time when I probably had not had enough life experience to fully appreciate it. And I wanted to take advantage of the bargain, so I also took it. My other option was CLAIRE&#39;S KNEE (1970). <br /><br /> When I got home, I decided to put aside the work I had planned to see THE NIGHT OF OPENING. This movie totally captivated me. It focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a famous theater and screen actress, who, during previews from out of town, is having personal and professional problems to reach an agreement both with her character and with the theme of the work Aging. After an essay, an avid fan and an autograph dog addresses her with shouts (and tears) of &quot;I love you! I love you!&quot; A few minutes later, this fan is hit by a car and killed. This begins Myrtle&#39;s descent to herself, where she must face her own fears of aging, the future of her career as a mature actress and the inadequacies she finds in her own work (written by a much greater playwright, played by Joan Blondell). Throughout the film, she sees the dead girl, an obvious symbol of her past; he drinks almost constantly; and receives sincere support from its director (Ben Gazzara), the producer (Paul Stewart), his partner (the same John Cassavettes) and the dramatist. Actually, they are more concerned with the way their behavior will affect them and their careers: shake lines on the stage, improvise new lines, generally break on stage and reach the opening of Broadway totally drunk. <br /><br /> This story works not only to address the problems of aging but also to promote the dislike of Cassavettes with the creation of films. While I was watching the movie, it sometimes surprised me, confused me, amused me, despised me, but ultimately, I felt entertained and satisfied. Cassavettes really had a great sense of humor, he cared very much that his audience understood what he was saying and wanted them to get emotionally involved in the story. She makes allusions to ALL ABOUT EVE with the use of the avid fan of the theater, and even dresses the girl with a raincoat and a hat similar to that worn by Anne Baxter at the beginning of that film. This allusion works more obviously to support their theme of aging, the contrast of older and younger women. Obviously, he also uses the contrast as a symbol for Myrtle to face her own lost youth. At first, I felt that the symbolism was TOO obvious, but then I realized that that was the intention of Cassavettes. He does not want his audience to misunderstand what he is talking about; If they did, it would interfere with their emotional involvement. This youthful spectrum stalks Myrtle, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle eventually &quot;kills&quot; her, but before she can reach an agreement with her and with the work, she must reach the bottom (another figurative death?). So Cassavettes has her so drunk that she can not walk and must crawl to her dressing room the night the play opens on Broadway. She resuscitates herself (helping herself out of those situations is also important for the theme of the film) and makes the work a success by giving a great performance and changing the direction of the work to improve improvising so that it contains a ray of hope for the aging character that is playing. These scenes are fun and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually acted in front of live audiences, who did it and did not know they were going to be part of a movie. The work they are doing also acts as a contrast: it is a general and self-serious question about the problems it deals with, that is, until Myrtle changes its outcome. By doing so, it also improves the work of your co-stars. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved through improvisation) among human beings, subjective realism and universal truth, were the concerns of Cassavettes when making films. <br /><br /> Gena Rowlands is amazing in everything. Of course, she has that big face, and Cassavettes (notoriously in love with her throughout her marriage) treats us with many close-ups so we can also feel her emotions and let us know what is happening inside her. She makes you worry so much about this character that you want to see her come out of this soul crisis. And this is what catches your attention during the 2 hours and 30 minutes of operation. The film has a deliberate rhythm at times and requires constant attention, but anyone interested in good filmmaking and good acting will be rewarded. Someone else said that this is a movie for people who love movies. All others must be prevented. <br /><br /> Look for opening night if you&#39;ve never seen it. Everyone in it is excellent, and it&#39;s one of the best Cassavettes movies.']
