*** out of **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Dressed to kill is that kind of movie. It's like Kalifornia, but it's different. Remember? That 1993 movie starring Brad Pitt as a serial killer who is "welcome" by a couple of travelers on a trip to California as a companion who could be a good company along the way. When I watch a movie, I always like to know nothing about the plot, before seeing it, because surprises can be even colder. So it was with Kalifornia. When I saw it last year for the first time, I never realized it was a thriller, so when I found out, it surprised me, and when the movie went on and on, it got better and was on the edge of My seat, almost Kissing my monitor, so close I was! So, we are discussing about Dressed To Kill, right? Before watching this movie (today!), I have only seen 2 other films by Brian De Palma, so I can say that I do not know very well his works, but I can say from afar that these 2 films for me were as big as they could be. be. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I saw Carrie on TV, I was really desperate to get a copy on DVD and I can say: this movie is great! Mission: Impossible too. And today, I saw a third DePalma movie. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed to Kill is a movie like Kalifornia. When the movie continues, it is completely different from what you would expect. I was watching, very curious, the scene of the museum, where Dickinson follows the mysterious man to his taxi and end up together in an apartment. You can guess what could have happened there. But when the movie came to the elevator scene, the movie was completely on a different path. I was watching the rest of the movie, and I really liked it. However, there are some low points ... Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Take, for example, the mysterious man from the museum scene. I always hoped that he could say something, but he never did! This was totally ridiculous and it was definitely something that made me change my mind by not accepting this movie as at least something like a masterpiece. Even in the taxi scene, where Dickinson tries to apologize for what happened in the museum, the completely silent man grabs her, pushes her into the taxi and begins to kiss. You know, it reminded me of the Mexican television series of the 70s "El Chavo Del 8", where some characters are completely silent. Overcoming these low points of the movie, it's really a great movie, considering the suspense, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is great as Detective Marino! He reminded me of him as Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990) where he plays almost the same type of character. <br /> <br /> Well, by the end of this review, the ending of Dressed To Kill is the same ending as in Carrie! I do not know if I really liked that, because I hate imitations! I understand that Carrie is a DePalma movie, so it's not really an imitation, because after all it was her idea! But it turned out to be a repetitive idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could have done something different instead of showing Nancy Allen waking up from a bad dream in the same way that Amy Irving does in Carrie's final scene. This was, of course, undoubtedly another low point. But if you get over this, you'll see that Dressed to Kill is a really good movie, and I assure you it's not, by any means, a waste of time looking at it.
