I just finished watching Dressed to Kill, which is written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had both the "R" rated version and the unrated version. I chose the unrated version. As I have not yet seen the classification with "R" Version, I can not be completely sure of the difference. However, there is a very nude graphic image that includes an explicit self-gratification expression scene in this version. I guess I could call this scene soft-core pornography. You may be offended, I suggest you see the version rated "R". But I digit. Any comment from here on refers to the unclassified version. This is a murder mystery / psychological horror / suspense movie. There is very little violence and However, there is a sequence of the death of the note. The act of murder itself is quite graphic. However, the blood itself does not seem real. It is reminiscent of what a 70's movie would look like. I think this is done deliberately to compensate for the violence of the act itself, to give the scene a point. The budget feels. Most violence, or rather the possibility of it, is implicit. The movie is very well developed. As far as I can tell, each scene had a purpose, which I find very strange compared to many of the current movies. Anyway, I also thought that the acting was good, especially Angie Dickinson. Micheal Cane presents a discreetly discreet performance in his role, which works brilliantly in this case. The movie also has a big twist, in my opinion, although some people might find it predictable. The only complaint (and actually it is more an observation) that I have is that I thought that the character played by Nancy Allen could have developed more, especially considering that she has a good amount of time on screen. He thinks he does a good job with what he is given. And this does not take anything away from the quality of the film. The film also has a strong moral, which is even more relevant today. But the movie does not do it. I hit him in the head with him. I also liked the musical score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi. I felt that it was very similar to the original Psycho music. For me, this music really raised the movie. I thought that this movie was brilliant. For me, Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10
