It may contain minor spoilers. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill, which I just saw for the first time the other day, is a movie with some great sequences, some decent performances and a nice, though obvious Hitchcock scam. turn plot at the end. It is simply too bad that certain things, quite obvious, prevent it from becoming a classic. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill deals with a mystery of a murderer who has killed at least two women (it could have been more, but the movie never tells us), and the search for the killer by three people: an intelligent child whose mother was a victim, a living prostitute, the only one who can identify the murderer, and a psychiatrist whose patient was the mother of the intelligent child murdered. There are a lot of well-done performances that include Nancy Allen as the prostitute Liz, Angie Dickenson as the frustrated sexual victim Kate Miller, and Micheal Caine as Dr. Rober Elliot, who has more hidden things than he seems; although by no standard is someone really exceptional. On the other hand, Denis Franz, who will later be a great character in the same line in the popular program NYPD Blue, is shameful as an exaggerated, ruthless and hateful detective, although he takes little time on the screen to avoid hurting the movie that much Keith Gordon, the brain child, is decent, but he's almost too smart to be really credible. <br /> <br /> What strikes me most in the movie are the tense sequences. The scene with the sexually frustrated mother in the museum is exciting and well done, as is the subsequent sequence leading to her untimely death. I also love the sequence in the doctor's office, which reveals the murderer's identity, which really makes the whole movie come together at the same time. And there's a split-screen scene that I thought was almost classical. There is still another situation when Liz is on a train, fleeing from what may be the murderer, who takes himself in directions he should never have had with almost embarrassing racial stereotypes. As a thriller it is tense and quite credible. As a criminal drama, it often wobbles, especially with the incomplete and ridiculous explanation of everything that happened at the end. There is also a sequence of unnecessary and too long dreams at the end, in which they had the audacity to shoot someone's foot for what seemed like minutes at a time. This was an up and down experience; One scene would trap me with my heart and mind with attractiveness, and the next would make me writhe and wonder why. In more than 100 minutes, it could have been less than 90 and have been a better movie. <br /> <br /> Fans of scary movies should like this. It still remains a better movie than most slasher movies today. Maybe it was a better movie at the time, but I've just seen it recently, I can say that I enjoy it, and it's worth seeing it alone in my three favorite scenes.
