Dressed to Kill begins with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) having an explicit sexual nightmare, later that day she visits her psychiatrist, Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for a session in which she admits to being sexually frustrated and not fulfilled in her current marriage. Then, Kate visits a museum and picks up a stranger, they return to her apartment to have casual sex, when it's over, Kate is ready to leave, but is attacked and killed in the building elevator by a razor blade wielding a woman blonde. The prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers the horrible scene and sees the murderer, but manages to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says he suspects Liz is the murderer, since there are no other witnesses, so Liz joins Kate's son, Peter (Keith Gordon), to locate the real killer, clear the name of Liz and see justice done. . <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian De Palma, I thought that Dressed to Kill was a solid mystery of psychological murder. The script is measured and slow at times, but he likes to focus on the character so that he really knows him, the first twenty minutes are developing Kate as a character before she is suddenly killed, then the movie changes her attention to Liz and nobody but you can have a look In this way, Dressed to Kill is quite absorbing and attractive, unfortunately, the characters themselves are not exactly nice. Sometimes, some dialogs seemed pretty funny, especially the dirty talk that Liz occasionally released. The motives of the killers are somewhat plausible, but I suppose you should be pretty messy to do anything suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie, but I was not too enthusiastic about it and I really did not find any character to encourage or like. The film tackles an unnecessary and unnecessary end of spin from which I did not really see the point. <br /> <br /> The Director of Palma directs with style and visual style, from the sequence of the art museum to the pursuit of a car and how everything is impeccably filmed everywhere. I imagine that in every shot of Dressed to Kill he thought a lot. I felt that the film was a bit flat and uninspired at times, however, none of that excited me so much. There is a bit of nudity, some sex and rape, along with some blood and violence, the murder of Kate by the razor blade in the elevator is the highlight, if that is the right word. However, it is not in any way so shocking or controversial when you see it today, as many would have you believe. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of around $ 6,500,000, Dressed to Kill has the brilliant high-production feel of a Hollywood movie. The locations of New York are nice, the photography is good and in general it is very well made. I thought the music was inappropriate and that it was too loud and intrusive. The performance is fine, but despite its maximum turnover, I did not think Caine had so much time on screen. Allen was married to director De Palma at the time he became Dressed to Kill, interestingly from the four films in which De De Palma appeared in two of them, East and Blow Out (1981), he chose her as a prostitute . He used a body double for Dickinson while indulging in a shower at the beginning. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is a good thriller that is worth watching, but I did not think it was up to the task. It is high reputation. Good but not brilliant.
