Dressed to Kill understandably made a bit of a fuss when it was first released in 1980: you had "Police Girl" in a role that was megaerotic, since Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife looking for good times in the wrong museums (and there in apartment elevators), plus Nancy Allen as a prostitute, Michael Caine as the sophisticated cousin of Norman Bates in New York, and enough spooky images for the last two films of the time. Today is a little less incriminating by standards and that, although the unrated version has one of the most "burning" content of any of the films of De Palma, at least in his period of quasi-author of the 70s and early 80's, where it seemed to repeat itself. themes again and again, ideas taken from the film rolls of the Hitchcock classics and given a tawdry improvement. It is a simple story that one in part already saw in Sisters, and then again in Body Double, and also in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays the prostitute Liz Blake, who has to clear her name of suspicion of having killed Kate (Dickinson, in full 'MILF' mode), after being found with a razor, the murder weapon of the office of the Dr. Elliott (Michael Caine, performance most of the way). <br /> <br /> From the beginning, what De Palma seems to do as a way to set up a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way to overcome Carrie's initial scene (which, perhaps, does so only in terms of editing), we obtain a series of turns of technical elimination through the point of view of the style: the follow-up shots in the museum, destined to awaken a greater fascination for the process. in itself, to follow and want to be followed, than any kind of tension; the persecution through the metro (a precursor of the Way of Carlito) is carried out with a precise level of suspense, meanwhile, with a little bit of exploitation launched with the black gang; the character of Peter, the son of Kate (Keith Gordon), who plays what is essentially a younger version of real life De Palma as a child (science geek, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And everything is entertaining and fascinating as something that approximates a real synthesis of what makes De Palma's thrillers so unique, while being intentionally free from a bold attitude of making movies. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the same self-consciousness ended up biting the director on the butt a few times in recent years, and somehow in Dressed to Kill it starts to be very erratic and disappointing, since that history has to close. As Psycho's themes come together even more apparently (the man who wants a sex change, does not even think he's killing as it is * she * who is doing it), there's an expository scene in the police station that does the aforementioned. Hitch's film seems a surprising psychological revelation. And the final scenes in Peter's house, which also painfully recall a sequence much more accomplished in Carrie, are destined to a manipulation that even for De Palma is asking for it; The final shot especially, although it is a master class on how to copy. However, there is a scene very deranged and, in itself, perfect in the psychiatric hospital in the middle of this confusing outcome, in which the doctor performs a job with a nurse, to which all the other prisoners act as animals in a zoo and a header. One of the best shots of sexual / general perversion ever captured in the film. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that the film ends in such a strange and disturbing way, where until then it is a remarkable piece of pulp cinema, where the class is in all technical aspects (soft lighting, camera movements intricate ones that seem so simple) in the middle of the subject that must be found in the mixture of paperback books for 25 cents. It is not a masterpiece, but I would certainly take it over most of the director's recent thrillers at any time.
