This is a suspenseful and tense masterpiece by Brian De Palma, with incredible performances from all sides. It's extremely exciting, and often scary, and the score is fantastic, plus all the characters were incredible. Yes, I scam Psycho a lot, however, it's still a brilliant horror / thriller, with a fantastic opening and a shocking and unpredictable ending. This is undoubtedly one of the best horror thrillers I've seen, and the elevator scene is one of the most memorable scenes, plus, Michael Caine is simply amazing in this! The ending is excellent, and the hospital scene near the end is absolutely terrifying, in addition, the final turn surprised me a lot! It never stopped frightening me, and the sequences of the stems are absolutely brilliant, in addition, Nancy Allen and Keith Gordon had fantastic chemistry together! This is a suspenseful and tense masterpiece by Brian De Palma, with incredible performances around! The address is incredible! Brian De Palma does an incredible job here, with incredible camera work, incredible angles, fantastic use of colors, amazing approaches and departures from POV and keeping the film at a very fast pace. There is a bit of blood. We received stabbings, stabbings, bloody bullet wounds and 2 slit throats with blood. The performance is incredible! Michael Caine is AMAZING here, he's amazing in the acting department, he's creepy, he's very nice, he was mysterious and he really did an amazing job in general, I loved him! (Rules of Caine!). Angie Dickinson gives a memorable performance here, and she was quite beautiful, and had good chemistry with Caine. Nancy Allen is surprisingly beautiful, and she's fantastic here, she's extremely nice like the prostitute, she had excellent chemistry with Keith Gordon, and she offered a tremendous show! Keith Gordon is very good as a child, had excellent chemistry with Nancy Allen and was very nice. Dennis Franz is as good as the detective. In general, this is undoubtedly one of the best horror films ever made, and I say, stop doing what you're doing right away and go see it! ***** of 5
