In France, he is considered educated from the French critic to the genuflection of the chain of apparently cohesive films that Brian De Palma left behind. However, a good part of his films are marked by the grandiloquent effects "Carrie" (1976), "The Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983) without mentioning his Hitchcock loans. Here, in "Dressed to Kill", it is impossible not to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for the long sequence in the museum, while the key moment in the elevator inevitably leads to the sequence of the anthology of the shower in " Psycho "(1960). About our film involved, I do not want to relive the old debate: Does Palma scam Hitchcock? Instead, he would tend to be generous and classify "Dressed to Kill" in the category of De Palma winners with "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). However, with some reservations and are those that I listed previously, which fueled the disputes between the rabid fans of De Palma and its detractors. <br /> <br /> If there is a sure thing in "Dressed to Kill" that can generate a general agreement Among movie lovers, it is De Palma's virtuosity in directing. He handles his camera like an expert filmmaker is supposed to do. His sophisticated camera work brilliantly feeds the suspense that leads to an increase in tension and an uncomfortable aura. The public easily sticks in front of the screen. This is helped by the use of several long silent sequences during which everything depends on appearance and gestures. By the way, in "Psycho", there were also long and silent parts, suspense ... <br /> <br /> But the main drawback of the harvest of De Palma in 1980 is that the quality of the plot can not be found . and it seems to be a repetition of many cheesy ingredients and formulas that belong to an incalculable number of murder stories. The prostitute is the only witness to the crime. Then, she is suspected by the police and has to act alone (with a little help from the victim's son in the subway scene) to locate the killer and prove his innocence. Apart from the fact that De Palma uses a type of character that, for once, is not about anything, it is a menu that smells like reheating. And the filmmaker ends his film in a sequence that echoes the opening. Yes, it is magnificently filmed, but when one discovers its real function, one says: "it is an almost gratuitous filler". Maybe De Palma wanted to extend his film beyond an hour and a half when at this moment the viewer knows (and even before) who the killer is. <br /> <br /> The two central axes in the set of themes of De Palma articulate hinges in the manipulation and voyeurism. This last theme is well present in "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene onwards, which makes the movie look almost like a soft porn movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid to film his lead actress and his wife Nancy Allen in their underwear. I find your approach to this rather dubious subject. But perhaps the first sequence was conceived to be a mirror of the spectator and De Palma wanted to shake its tomom side. <br /> <br /> I do not want to degrade all the work of De Palma. His prestigious work in the direction that involves a communicative treatment for cinema, redeems the global weakness of history and its dubious aspects. Twenty-six years later, the controversy that arose among movie goers is not ready to calm down.
