Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) is having problems in her marriage and otherwise, enough to see a psychologist. When her promiscuity gets her in trouble, it also involves a spectator, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who finds herself involved in an investigation to discover the identity of a psychopathic murderer. <br /> <br /> Dressing to kill is something Historically important. It is one of the previous examples of a contemporary style of suspense that, as of this writing, has extensions throughout Hide and Seek (2005). It's strange then that director Brian De Palma basically tried to get rid of Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally picks up parts of Vertigo (1958) for the famous scene from the Dressed to Kill museum. The shower scenes of Dressed to Kill, as well as his villain and method of death have similarities with Psycho (1960). De Palma also uses an outstanding score with recurring motifs in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer, Bernard Herrmann. The similarities do not end there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma, either by accident or skill, manages to make an indirect spin on his influence, or perhaps transcend it, with Dressed to Kill having an attitude, structure and Flow that has been influential. Perhaps in part due to this influence, Dressed to Kill also has deep flaws when seen at this time. Innumerable subsequent directors have taken their De Palma as Hitchcock and perfected it, improving almost all the elements, so now, after 25 years of influenced thrillers, much of Dressed to Kill seems agonizingly accelerated, structurally awkward and with a plot inept . <br /> <br /> One aspect of the film that unfortunately has not been improved is that of the scenes of nudity and sex of Dressed to Kill. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us with full frontal nudity (Allen's being from a very slanted angle), and De Palma has persistent shots of Dickinson's breasts, strongly implied masturbation and more visceral sex scenes than are normally found. in contemporary movies. A few scenes approach soft-core porn. I'm not a fan of prudence, quite the opposite. The puritanical, monogamistic and protected attitude of our culture towards sex and nudity worries me. So, from my perspective, it is unfortunate that Dressed to Kill's emphasis on meat and its pleasures is one of the few aspects in which others have not followed the example or overcome the film. It may have been desired, but they have not been allowed to follow suit due to the cultural controls of the conservative stuffed shirts. <br /> <br /> The direction of De Palma's cinematography and the staging of some scenes are also good enough to make it difficult to do something in the same style better than De Palma does. He has a strange and characteristic approach to close-ups, and likes shooting from interesting angles, such as top views and James Whale tracking through distant cuts in sets. Of course, later directors have been more striking, but it is difficult to say that they have been better. Seen for its cinematographic prowess, at least, the museum scene is notable for its ability to create a subtle tension over a fallen glove and one or two glances, while following Kate through the intricately nested cubes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. <Br /> <br /> On the other hand, from a point of view concerned with history, and especially if one expects to see a thriller, everything through the museum scene and a little further on may seem too slow and silly. Due to its distance from the main genre of the film and its main concern for the managerial style (as well as the cultural facts external to the film), the opening seems a not very integrated attempt to twinkle and be risky. Once the first murder occurs, things improve, but due to the eventual influence of the film, much of the improvement now seems a bit cliché and, on occasion, it is a hokey. <br /> <br /> The performances are mostly good, although Michael Caine is underutilized, and Dickinson has to leave earlier than we would like (but the output is necessary and very effective). Dressing to kill is, at least, likely to keep your interest until the end, but due to the facts that do not figure in the image itself, it has not aged exactly fine. At this point, it may be better to see the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example, but not the best, even for that time, of some of the directorial styles of De Palma.
