I just finished watching The Groove Tube, which I first saw about 23 years ago when I was a teenager and I stayed up past bedtime watching HBO with my brother and his best friend. We had also seen Animal House just before, so we saw two movies starring an SNL student and they had some naked breasts. Fortunately, our parents were asleep all the time! Anyway, there were many strange and funny things in this movie that opened their eyes like the Brown 25 sequence of the Uranus Industries commercial ("with the taste of beef stew" says the advertiser as what is apparently a human excrement that comes out of a white tube Ewww!) or the face of the puppet talking about VD (a scrotum with a small penis with his eyes glued). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their film debut here. Chase is very funny, whether it's doing a Geritan spot with a woman stripping naked, having sex in a "Let Fingers Do It" commercial or singing "Four Leaf Clover" with co-writer and director Ken Shapiro drumming on his head. Belzer joins Shapiro in the movie "The Dealers", and in "Channel One Evening News" with a wild twist that has Belzer as a black prostitute trying to cheat reporter Ken who plays Lionel here. "Lionel, that sounds like a train that I'm going to ride like a Choo-Choo!" Other scandalous fragments include "The Koko Show" with Shipiro as a presenter of children's clowns who, after ordering the "people over ten" to leave the room, read the requests of their viewers as "Fanny Hill" passages! Or how about the segment of the Olympic Games with a German couple making love being announced by two men (one of them Spanish) when they become explicit while "Please Stand By" continues to interrupt on the screen! Or the animated segment in "The Dealers" that shows the dance baths after Shapiro ingested some marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. In addition to the "Four Leaf Clover" sketch, at the end there is a fun music segment with Ken synchronizing his own recording of "Just You, Just Me" as he dances with suit and briefcase around the city with occasional policeman (co- Writer Lane Sarasohn joined in. So, in short, this is a strange and funny movie that seems to influence other similar movies (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and possibly Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy the first star of the show ) and, despite some dated elements, they can still have fun today PS While I liked listening to Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up" during the start of the gorilla / hitchhiker sequence, I wondered what the point was with the sequence of the Hitchhiker and the woman who picked him up, making them run out of the car, taking off their hair, running, and then having the naked man get caught by the policeman who stopped on the road. sas things of the 70 ...
