"Once there was a lovely land called France ... People lived happily then, women were easy and men enjoyed their favorite pastime: war, the only recreation of kings that people could enjoy." The war in question was the Seven Years' War, and when it was noted that there were more corpses of soldiers than soldiers, the recruiters were sent to replenish the ranks. <br /> <br /> And that's how Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), caught making a farmer's daughter fall in a pile of hay, escapes marriage by enlisting in the Aquitane Regiment ... but only believing first in his future as predicted by a gypsy, who will gain fame and fortune in His Majesty's uniform and marry the King's daughter. Unfortunately, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy, but the daughter of the sergeant recruiting the regiment. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan moves away from the recruits, saber in hand to rescue an attacked carriage, which should be inside, but the Marquise de Pompadour and ... the King's daughter. Now he is convinced that he will be married high, despite the extremely low-cut blouses worn by Adeline. She, in turn, will soon discover her own love for Fanfan. We are in the midst of an irreverent film of the fate of Fanfan, the risky adventures of a swamp and rogue fighting the sword. There are escapes of hangings, sword fights on tile roofs, awkward battles, romantic escapes and happier demolitions than you can imagine. What Fanfan lacks in polish makes up for in irreverence and enthusiasm. He is a swift swordsman and a lover who speaks fast, but with such a naive belief in his destiny and such an optimistic nature, how can we not like him? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philipe was an iconic theater and screen actor (which Francois Truffaut constantly debunked on the pages of Cahiers du Cinema). He did most of his own stunts. He was handsome, athletic, graceful and charismatic. Men admired him and women dreamed him. He died at age 36, seven years after Fanfan, of liver cancer. All France cried. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline holds up. It's not those low-cut blouses that do their acting. She is sharp, passionate, not entirely innocent and nobody is stupid. <br /> <br /> Fanfan la Tulipe simply sings with endless satirical action, pointy situations and good nature. Not to mention the funny, scathing dialogue. After Adeline has taken measures to prevent Fanfan from hanging herself, she meets the king in her private chambers. "Give me your pretty little hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who asks for your heart?" says the king, "All I ask is a little pleasure." "I'm a suitable girl," says Adeline. The king says: "You owe my esteem to your merits, do you love Fanfan?" Then, "thank me." My whims allow you to show the greatest proof of your love, betraying by loyalty the loyalty you have sworn to him. Now this is smart, funny things. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave gang tended to detest popular movies as mere entertainment (and customized their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and its director, Christian-Jacques, were among its main objectives. Probably they did not understand Fanfan's point, which is a very funny satire about the uselessness of armies and war. How much better it must have seemed to make anguish films that only other filmmakers could appreciate. Thank God, some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, overcame this childish condescension and came to recognize that a good movie is a good movie, whether the masses like it or the connoisseurs. An intelligent person who enjoys movies can appreciate any, if the films are well made. Those who condescend to a film based on their degree of popularity are as degrading as those who presume they have never read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat all your heart. Live fanfan!
