This is the last of the four swashbucklers in France that I have scheduled to watch during this Christmas season: the others (in order of viewing) were the little inspired THE BLACK TULIP (1964, from the same director as this, but not so good), the surprisingly effective LADY Oscar (1979, which originated as a Japanese manga!) and the splendid CARTOUCHE (1962). Actually, I had seen it not so long ago on Italian television at night and I remember that it had not surprised me especially, so I was really surprised at how much I enjoyed it this time (also considering the disconcerting lack). of the enthusiasm shown towards the film here and elsewhere when it was first announced as a forthcoming DVD release of Criterion). <br /> <br /> By the way, FANFAN LA TULIPE has a lot in common with the aforementioned CARTOUCHE: not just cast members and crew (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, director of photography Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert), but also in regards to the plot? in fact, the hero is a womanizing soldier (Cartouche of Jean-Paul Belmondo also had a brief military spell) who is loved by a fiery girl (in this case, the gypsy Gina Lollobrigida) while he himself is obsessed by an impossible love (here, it's nothing less than the king's daughter!) As in the later film, also Fanfan (an ideally Gerard Philipe cast who, ironically, is so full of life here that one finds it hard to believe he would be attacked by a cancer within 7 years) is flanked by two funky and fun-loving men (one of whom is actually his superior officer and the heroine's own father) and opposes an unscrupulous figure within his own ranks (the Elder Roquevert, with whom the hero eventually gets involved in a duel on the rooftop as he also designs amorous on the gypsy girl!) For the record, Lollobrigida will meet Philippe in his next film, the romantic fantasy singer of Rene Clair, LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> FANFAN proved to be a huge blockbuster in their homeland and even copied an amazing (but deserved) award for Best Direction in Cannes for more famous films like AN American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity ensured its re-release in a computer-colored version (probably for the benefit of viewers who would not touch a black and white product with a ten foot stick) and the Criterion DVD itself contains a sample of this variant ; Being obviously a foreign language title, there is also the dubious choice of a soundtrack dubbed in English, but even if this was not particularly painful to consider, when all is said and done, there is simply no substitute for the original ! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname given to the hero by a young Genevieve Page like the celebrated Madame De Pompadour) contains as much comedy as (the expected) action and romance; While some may find this overwhelming, I disagree because I enjoyed the strongly satirical narrative and, in general, this combination is comparable to the equally funny Jerzy Skolimowski, THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD (1970). That said, the sword fights here are remarkably blunt for an essentially carefree enterprise (especially a fight in the woods and the ambush in a convent) and the film itself quite adult at times (with numerous allusions to sexuality as well as language rude adopted everywhere) when you see back to back with the old Hollywood fare as I did now; The climax, then, is quite ingenious: the enemy forces (which, in a funny way, are meant to speak in accelerated gibberish!) Are exhausted only by our heroic trio, much to the king's surprise that, as Marcel Herrand portrayed it? Is he best known for his role as leader of the Parisian underworld in CHILDREN OF PARADISE (1945) by Marcel Carne? He is himself a bit lustful. <br /> <br /> P.S. An Italian television channel has been threatening to project the promised CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGOS (1964) of Christian-Jaque for months but, although it has already programmed it three times (with a provisional room scheduled for next week), it has not yet They have shown; Still, I have three more films in my unseen VHS stack (also selected from the Italian night television screenings): the three-hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948, also starring Gerard Philippe), THE SECOND TWIN (1967) and THE LEGEND OF FRENCHIE KING (1971, with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
