['One of the greatest westerns of all time! But this, unlike many others, does not deal with nature, horses, gunfights, etc., but deals with a rifle, the Winchester &#39;73, and how this rifle affects others and how they do it. A rifle is not a living being, it breathes, human being, right? You may be inclined to believe that it is not. But it seems to have a mind of its own, for two very similar reasons: in the end, it returns to its rightful owner, even though in all the rest of the image, its unwise &quot;owners&quot; do everything possible to make sure that it does not he does, and it seems that he is never happy until he returns to his original owner, so, coincidentally, thoughtful &quot;owners&quot; always seem to lose him or kill him trying to protect him and keep him, until he returns to James. Stewart, then it&#39;s &quot;content.&quot; But, not all owners deserve to have it. Stewart does, of course, since he won it. McNally does not do it, since he had to be a dirty thief and steal it. Drake is definitely not, because he would probably lose it in a poker game, and besides, Drake is too cowardly to fight, so why should he have a unique rifle if he does not even use it? Duryea does not, because he&#39;s just a maniac who chuckles, and we all know that maniacs who laugh do not deserve weapons. This movie has a kind of black border that only Westerners can have, such as the Ox-Bow incident. Westerns have their own type of noir, very different from the Bogart movies of the 30s and 40s. It is, without a doubt, the best of the five Stewart-Mann westerns, even though my personal favorite is &quot; Bend of the River. &quot; The other four became very different from this one. I do not think it&#39;s a coincidence to see that the other four were colored, and this is black and white. This is due to the black border. The five films had the revenge and the dark past of the role of Stewart in the film, to the point that this is not only the dark side of Stewart, but it is also a kind of character, not one that appears in the credits, but one that You can only recognize and know is there, always present. However, this one, not only in revenge and the dark past, but also in terms of supreme danger, and the characters that were very different from Stewart make it surpass the other four in all aspects. But Stewart never crosses the line. He, however, walks on the line between light and darkness. This is the reason why black and white played such an important role in the film. They could have been all black and white, or they could all have been colored. But this one is black and white, and the other four are in color, and there is a very good reason for that.']
