The great figures of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, and the specters of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull, hover over the enormously entertaining first western of director Anthony Mann with James Stewart. Although Stewart's quest to avenge the murder of his father is the main story, Winchester '73 is really a piece of the whole, with the homonymous firearm, one in every thousand that passes through the hands of many colorful owners, including a Ironic merchant (John McIntire, especially great) and outlaw Dan Duryea, which is even more despicable than usual. The film's combination of fiction and story produces a breezy rhythm and a bright ambivalent tone on a par with the reduction of the composition of the Mann film, rigorously compositional. Her themes of psychological distress and past dictate the present, weakly underlie this story of good and bad men chasing a legendary weapon, but they emerge crudely in a vignette about the cowardice of a husband and the failed attempt at expiation, and they define themselves in Stewart's conversations with the lateral partner. Millard Mitchell. The use of the environment by Mann is what sets him apart from other westerns filmmakers. Instead of contemplating the views from a distance, he incorporates them into the drama as characters that redirect, complicate or evoke the goals of human characters. Like the mountains, the caves and the rapids had to be taken into account in The Naked Spur, here there is a shooting between the loose rocks and the rocks of a small mountain, a physical obstruction that fatalistically determines the roles of victor and victim between two equally expert snipers. . (He would be remiss if he did not acknowledge the contribution of cinematographer William H. Daniels, particularly for his excellent daytime and nighttime photography.) Not only is he an outdoor adept, Mann presents an equally vivid image of Dodge City patrolled by Wyatt Earp . Mainly through staging in multiple planes. The shooting contest does not depend on the abrupt changes of the camera or the shaky cuts for the effect, since Mann knows instinctively where to place the camera and how to move it to show the highest density of information in a given shot. Nor is interested in enunciating the plot in dialogue, trusting in the eyes of the actors or in a well-chosen image to convey what is at stake. One scene in particular serves to explain his attitude: Mitchell's story about Stewart's motivation towards Shelley Winters, which is interrupted by the climate shootout that soon reveals everything. Light without feeling insubstantial, intense without being dominant, Winchester '73 seems more modern than its contemporaries and it is a pleasure to contemplate it.
