A new creative team emerged in 1950 when the brilliant actor James Stewart joined the equally brilliant director Anthony Mann to make a series of westerns that helped define that genre for the future. Until then, Stewart was known primarily for a focus on ... see ... family-oriented comedies, dramas and romances. Not that he was not a Hollywood star with multiple talents. One of his best screen presentations and one of the best for anyone on celluloid was like Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic writer for a scandal in "The Philadelphia Story". He had even done westerns before. His interpretation of timid and expert shot by Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. in the western comedy "Destry Rides Again" helped make that movie a classic. But for most movie buffs, it was the kind of American Boy Scout, Mr. Smith or George Bailey. There was rarely a dark side to any of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann teamed up with B movies in black cinema mode. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught James Stewart's attention. So the two gifted men combined their resources to produce some of the best Hollywood westerns ever created. "Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best, but the others were almost as effective. Mann became a successful director of A films as a result of what some critics believe is the greatest of all "The Man of the West" by Gary Cooper. Stewart became fabulously wealthy as a result of the association because he signed part of the royalties in exchange for a fraction of the salary he used to receive, a wise decision followed by many other actors from that moment on. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first, to tell a story from the point of view of a traveling pistol. Each owner is part of the story that is told and everything comes together in the exciting showdown at the end of the film, which is also a surprise to the viewer. Based on a story by Stuart Lake, the story centers on the vengeance and property of Winchester '73. The year is 1876. Custer and his seventh cavalry have been annihilated by the Sioux and Cheyenne in Little Big Horn. The whites want revenge. Native Americans want to reclaim their land and their way of life. This conflict leads to a confrontation between Native Americans led by Young Bull (the young Rock Hudson who shows his potential as an actor) and a small group of cavalry trapped in a canyon and accompanied by civilians Lin McAdam (Stewart), his companion and of all life. the friend High Spade (the underestimated actor Millard Mitchell) and a couple trying to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a dirty pigeon with a kind heart. Among the horse soldiers are the newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best (at the end of the "Dukes of Hazzard"), whose part was cut by a bullet. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. The film has him as police chief. Good actor Will Geer (later of the Waltons) looks like a bigger Earp. Actually, Wyatt was Dodge's marshal assistant at the time, just because he was a law enforcement officer. Lin McAdam wins the Winchester in a shooting contest, but it has been removed shortly after the outlaw the Dutchman Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his henchmen. McAdam and High Spade chase Dutch Henry and Winchester for the rest of the movie. An even more sinister character emerges along the way, Waco Johnnie Dean, portrayed as the evil personified by Dan Duryea, who threatens to steal the show from the other members of a stellar cast. <br /> <br /> The Winchester goes through several hands During the course of the film, each time the transfer is intense. One involves a shooter played to perfection by John McIntire. Other swaps intermingle with the previous scenario. All this, in addition to the action, keeps the viewer glued to the seat during the entire show. <br /> <br /> As noted above, the cast is first class up to the smallest paper. Look for other familiar faces in uncredited parts, including the future sheriff of "Bonanza" Ray Teal and the reliable B Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
