In 1942, a film TALES OF MANHATTAN told a series of stories that were basically unrelated, but were linked with a night suit for men. Each story began when the "tails" went from one owner (Charles Boyer, for example) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a superior film and a great western, has a similar plot. Initially it's about how Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for a deadly grudge. But in the course of the film, the two men participate in a shooting contest, being the prize (awarded by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) one of the new Winchester rifles. Stewart barely surpasses MacMahon, but Stewart stole the gun and began the chase. <br /> <br /> The weapon passes from hand to hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant merchant who fatally does not know when to stop being arrogant), to Rock Hudson (in a surprising role, and a brief one in that) , to Charles Drake, to Dan Duryea (as the delightfully deadly and psychotic Waco Johnny Dean), to MacMahon. Finally, return to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is directed by experts by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide variety of experiences. Duryea places the rifle literally on the body of Drake (Duryea forces the problem). But he loses it to MacMahon, who is quicker in the draw, not because Duryea is stupid enough to fight for the rifle. While he and Shelley Winter look at MacMahon in the distance, Winter (who saw Duryea kill his ex-boyfriend Drake) drops his displeasure for the gunslinger momentarily to ask why he endured MacMahon's harassment for the gun. Philosophically, Duryea explains that he can wait. Later an opportunity will arise (that is, when he can kill MacMahon and retrieve the rifle). <br /> <br /> The characters are remarkably human. Winters appears for the first time as Drake's future wife, but she sees a really negative side for him, an unforgivable side. Drake is aware of this lapse, and helps lead it to its destruction. Other characters have realistic touches, such as J.C. Flippen as an army sergeant fighting an Indian attack with Steward and Steward's friend, Millard Mitchell. Oh, yes, and with Flippen's fellow soldier, Tony Curtis. Flippen makes believe that this soldier has been in a hundred battlefields before, probably since 1861. Steward had shown emotions in other films. In IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE, he sometimes showed a degree of anger, and also a nervous breakdown when he thinks that everything is wrong in his life. But here he showed a demonic anger, at the expense of a surprised Duryea (who normally would show such anger). <br /> <br /> The parts of this movie fit perfectly, under Mann's competent hands. This is a western one that never wears out, as the audience watches the trips of a Winchester rifle.
