The adult western fans who flourished in the 1950s try to trace their origins to the movie that started the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to the Red River by Howard Hawks (1948) or even more to My Darling Clementine (1946) by John Ford, but if we want to continue with this decade, then it has to be one of the two films. Made in the initial year of that era. One is "El Pistolero," an exquisitely grim story of a famous gunman (Ringo) facing his latest shooting. Another from that same year is "Winchester '73," and it is worth noting that Millard Mitchell appears in both runners of somber, mustachioed and highly realistic ranks. In The Gunfighter, he is the city official who hopes to arrest Ringo, but once he was put in a gang of outlaws. In Winchester, he is Jimmy Stewart's partner, a kind of Horatio for Stewart's Hamlet in this epic / tragic story. The plot is quite simple: Stewart's lone cowboy wins a remarkable Winchester in a shooting match, defeating the cruelest man in the West (Stephen McNally), who is actually his own brother and caused the death of his father. When the brother steals the gun, Stewart and Mitchell go after him in a cowboy odyssey that takes them all across the border, meeting the outlaws and the Indians. (In a wonderful moment, two future stars, Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis, play an Indian chief and a cavalry soldier from the United States) during a well-organized pitched battle. Dan Duryea steals the whole show as a laughing outlaw leader, while Shelly Winters, just before he started gaining weight, is fine as the dark lady who unites all the arguments. Today, the filmmakers will continue for about four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann does it in an extremely economical way. Amount of time, without losing a minute. Western legends like Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (played by Will Geer) make brief appearances, which add to historicity as well as epic nature. The final battle between good and bad brothers, at the top of a series of protruding rock canyons, is now legendary among Western fans. It's also worth noting that Stewart, however associated with Western films, does what is actually his first Western lead role here, yes, he was in De Stry Rides Again eleven years earlier, but it was released in that parody of comedy because it seemed very WRONG for westerns!
