The traditional Western is synonymous with open spaces, clear morality, inevitable stories, optimistic faith in a hero's ability to shape his own destiny, to escape from his past. These qualities directly reflect the American sense of self, the self-made Dream, the push of limits and borders, so that opportunistic politicians still refer to gender. With some noble exceptions (eg, Wellman, Hawks), the Western was healthy free from neurosis or real anxiety. Anthony Mann changed all that forever, and this first foray into the genre is one of the most violent, vivid and complex, not to mention the exciting Westerns ever created. <br /> <br /> The traditional Western depends on a hero who exemplifies robust healthiness, whatever misfortune he may have had in the past, a supporter of order and law, who dominates the film, removes its obstacles, restores harmony indeed; and an obvious villain, who often, ironically, manages the plot, forces the hero to perform certain actions. The difference between the two is often delineated as simple mythical as the use of white or black hats. <br /> <br /> Mann's background was in the black cinema, a genre antithetical to open spaces and optimism. Noir had a neurotic charge, focused on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist, where morale is blurred, the hero is often the villain, trapped in an inner labyrinth of his own creation, a passive victim of destiny. Noir is about going back, not progressing, questioning and denying modes and signs of representation, not creating and confirming them. <br /> <br /> WINCHESTER 73 is loaded with great anxiety. Noir is often considered a psychological genre, visualizing the traumas of the protagonist's head. 73 does this too, and it is even more disturbing in the sense that that protagonist is charming, Jimmy Stewart, who started his great career of difficult films here with Mann and Hitchcock. In many ways, gentle and sweet, which represents the right thing and tries to reestablish the interruptions of the natural order, it is also an almost lunatic who will stop at nothing to achieve a murderous revenge, whose relentless pursuit reflects Ethan Edwards in THE SEARCH FOR THE SEEKERS inhuman persistence, whose human instincts are worn out by this search, and whose outbursts of violence are truly frightening to witness. <br /> <br /> As in Noir, his anxiety has a psychological basis, unlike most of the "healthy" heroes who have overcome (symbolically murdered) his parents, McAdam's father was killed before he was killed. I could complete the process; Chasing your brother is less moral revenge than an anguished protest against stunting. The climate confrontation is not cathartic: McAdam returns to the "normal" society, as if he had witnessed some of the most frightening horrors in the world. <br /> <br /> The most disturbing thing about the movie is that it's not really about a hero or a villain, but an inanimate piece of weoponry that drives the action. 73 opens with the weapon of the privileged title, on display behind a glass window, while its admirers are trapped, crushed, undifferentiated, framed, admiring it outside. Throughout the film, human power is reduced to the most arbitrary of signifiers: names change; Lin and the Dutch mimes shoot at each other because they have no weapons; missions lose their moral vitality and their practitioners approach madness; the armies have to ask the Confederates for help to fight battles; a man becomes worthy of respect only when he mentions his name; another man reveals himself as a coward when he abandons his girlfriend before the Indians; The gun retains its prestige, power, integrity. <br /> <br /> It is not the revenge plan that drives the movie, but the history of the gun; This takes the film out of conventional expectations and creates a strange, alienating and modern sensation. We are so caught up in the plot of revenge that when we continue, with the gun, another plot completely, we feel a little disconcerted. <br /> <br /> This emphasis on the pistol, symbol of powerful masculinity, actually allows a critique of that masculinity, which reveals elaborate rituals without meaning at the expense of society and order; gross capitalist greed; Killer Indian killers who defraud both the seller and the enemy; cowardly psychotic killers; before returning to his "true" owner, a broken hero, completely committed, who has become as murderous as the killer he seeks. The weapon is never printed with the name of its owner, not only because there is no fixed owner, but because there is no fixed masculinity, an anathema to the traditional Western vision. <br /> <br /> 73 brilliantly invokes Western myths - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, the Cavalry, the Civil War, the Great West open, just to undermine them. Earp has an inflated reputation that is every name but has never been proven: Dodge City is no safer against outlaws than anywhere else; Cavalry is inept (Custer has just lost Little Big Horn) and the bitter dispute of the War is irrelevant. The myth of the Open West is a site for a circular plot, very closed and inescapable, that traps its characters, refuses to allow them to shape their destiny, but allows them to shape them. <br /> <br /> Old John Ford The silhouette of the riders in a vast mountain is repeated, but the signs here do not progress but repetition and circularity. But despite all its deconstruction, the film is also tangibly vivid in a way that few Westerners achieve. Mann's incisive technique invades his camera in crucial positions, alternating the revealing distance with an intense examination, making the living room's doors and stage look live and alive.
