"Addictive" is an adjective that I have heard many times when talking about certain television programs. More recently, dramas like Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have earned that description. However, as convincing as they are (and really are), I can wait a few days before watching the next episode of any of the series, including Prison Break, which some have lazily classified as "the new 24". With all due respect, there can be no such thing, and for good reason: no other silver screen thriller is based on a structure in real time. That's what distinguishes 24 from any other program, and that's why I practically have to watch a full season (on DVD) in seven days or less: once the frickin 'clock starts working, it's impossible to disconnect . <br /> <One episode whose events took place over the course of a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and, more recently, Deadwood); have a full season of a new series during the last 24 hours, one per ep (the real time of execution is 41 minutes, the remaining 19 are occupied by commercials when the program is broadcast on television), was the most innovative idea in conventional television from Hill Street Blues introduced non-linear narration (a mandatory element today). And it was really worth it. <br /> <br /> Ironically, the original plan of the series was to spin it around a wedding (fortunately, the creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized that the format was more suitable for a conspiracy thriller) , which is probably the reason why the first glimpse we see of the hero suggests a cheerful atmosphere: looking extremely relaxed, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is enjoying a game of chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and, minutes later , Tender with Teri (Leslie Hope), the wife with whom he has just reconciled. However, as in The Sopranos, something unexpected and shocking is just behind the corner: not only did Kim sneak out of her room, Jack also receives a phone call urging him to go to work immediately. At midnight? I'm afraid so: Bauer is an agent of the CTU (anti-terrorist unit), and his boss has acquired reliable information about a possible blow to the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), an African-American presidential candidate who will be in Los Angeles. Angels throughout the day (oh, sure, I almost forgot: the events happen on the day of the California Presidential Primary). There is no time for nap, then: Jack has to spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore protocol, and that does not sit well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a man from the Division who has been asked to interfere with the operation. <br /> <br /> The plot is very dense, which makes the program difficult to recommend for those with little attention span, but anyone who wants to take a look at it will be rewarded instantly: the writing is clear and Accurate, attention to detail is second to none and suspense is consistently spectacular. high, mainly thanks to the tricks in real time that greatly improve the level of adrenaline. <br /> <br /> Another great quality of this pilot is the characterization: most genre shows (science fiction and suspense) tend to simply introduce the key players and then define them (a textbook example) is CSI, where the development of the character is minimal, but again coincides with the unique style of the program), while the debut of the series of 24 offers a variety of completely round people, including Jack. (The best role of Sutherland - never!) And Palmer (the true revelation of the show) stands out for being perfectly described after a single episode (the first divided between work and family, reckless but human, the last honorable and gifted integrity). A couple of supporting parts border the stereotype (especially Mason and Tony Almeida), but two factors must be taken into account: a) this is the first episode; b) There is so much in most viewers that they do not even complain about a "failure" or two. After all, how many programs on the network manage to start with a conspiracy, a missing teenager and a big bang, and still have material that is equally satisfying for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Tick, tock, tick, tock ...
