Of those comments here before mine, I agree more with that of Edyarb. The story and the script apparently had the potential to be fun, but in some points it failed at some points. You could see them wanting to make a joke, but nobody in the audience laughed. (I also agree with Edyarb's point of view about the final credits: leave it normal or leave it cool, but not what you have done now). watching the movie. I loved it; It was a nice entertainment for one night and I definitely did not feel like a waste of money to get the ticket. The best jokes are those that come out a little out of the expected and are quite mature, like the character of Luke Wilson, Matt asking the super girl "P * nis or bed?" When she told him that she would "get him a new one" after a wild night in bed, he would end up breaking the bed and leaving Matt in pain. <br /> <br /> I can not, however, agree with bgs1614, who says that the movie could get an 'R' rating; there was absolutely nothing in the movie that justified it. Some sexual acts do, but nothing explicit, just humorous, and without nudity at all. (Maybe I was in a preselection that showed more ...?) I would like to compare this with two recent movies that I went to watch without any expectation: Superman Returns and Click. I really did not expect anything from either of them: I was a big fan of the original Superman movies and the Click trailer just showed it as a potentially chauvinistic movie (which I would not mind). Superman surprised me by actually making me feel good (goose bumps!) About seeing his first heroic act, like seeing a long lost friend and feeling happy about it. But for the rest of the story, I'd rather see My Super Ex-girlfriend, at least it offers some surprises. Clicking again was a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes of being a really excellent movie. The jokes also work much better than in Ex-girlfriend, both naughty and more advanced. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the only reason I compared these three movies is that they are the last three. I have seen, within a very short period, and also because I went to all of this basically without any expectation. I would classify them, Click, Bride, Superman.
