On paper, this seemed like a great concept: the average guy on the rebound goes back to a very reserved museum curator, who is really an attractive superhero who saves the world regularly. However, director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne (from "Simpson's") almost make a miscalculation by making their hero G-Girl (played by the strike Uma Thurman) become a total crazy as a superhero and character of secret identity Jenny Johnson. The film even takes care of this in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) after her rescue by G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny curiously asks Matt how G-Girl was. Matt responds: "Is she a bit crazy?" I think the intention was that Jenny (Thurman) was this lonely young woman, who has no one in her life, isolated by her great physical powers. Thurman does the best he can, but his Jenny is a terrifying change of mood that Prozac needs. Luke Wilson is too windy in the role reversal of boyfriend and girlfriend superheroes. <br /> <br /> "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is also a victim of a bad time, reaching the end of "Superman Returns" that Superhero plays upwards, so to speak. With all its quirks and inconsistent writing, I still thought that "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was fun and enjoyed the movie. Since this is a movie by Ivan Reitman, this could have been much better. Reitman starts with a great premise, and really wastes it. First of all, we all love the hero. Here neither Jenny nor G-Girl are really so nice. This is surprising for Uma Thurman, who is normally a charismatic and powerful presence. At first, your Jenny / G-Girl is simply weird. Shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play a superhero, she is Thurman, she looks very good. Only towards the end, Jenny becomes more understanding, instead of caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not a direct story of superheroes, but a kind of romantic comedy, it does not provide what every superhero mythology requires of a great super villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam, also known as Barry (Eddie Izzard), who really is evil. He is not Lex Luthor. There are no plans for global domination. Bedlam rather than Barry holds a grudge against G-Girl, and is expected to have to do with their shared past. What is strange that you do not know with whom you would prefer to spend time with Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt by Luke Wilson is just "a guy" who hooks up with the psychopath superhero. One of the annoying things that he does is that he relies on his disgusting loser friend Vaughn (Rainn Wilson doing a bad personification). Wilson sometimes plays it a little too dense, and this dilutes his charming charm. This does work, though, in the comedic sex scene with Jenny. Matt while he is dating Jenny / G-Girl realizes that he is in love with his co-worker Hannah (cheerful Anna Faris). So how does Matt break up with G-Girl? Well, it's not pretty and for the most part hilarious. <br /> <br /> Dramatic superhero movies work. Romantic comedies with chemistry works. What can be intrinsically difficult are the satires of superheroes disguised as romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. However, do you work as a hero nut? Maybe not. With all the talent of Uma Thurman, she can not achieve this convincingly. And she does not get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative failures. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is fun and fun. Although given everything involved, the movie could have been super.
