First of all, this is an excellent series, although we have a kind of James Bond effect. What I mean is that while the new Casino Royale takes place in 2006, it is chronologically the first adventure of 007, being the second the Dr. No (1962), while in Golden Eye, the first movie with Pierce Brosnan, refers to Judi Dench. As the new replacement for the male "M", then how could he have been in place at the beginning before Bond became a double-0, apart from the fact that he is obviously 14 years older? This is more or less a "poetic" license to excite. We need to deviate a bit from the head if we want to be entertained. No, the new Star Trek movie does not have any of the original electronic components of the original series for almost half a century. In the 1960s, communicators were fantasy. (We now call them cell phones) and there were sliding levers instead of buttons. My God, do you think that within 400 years they would have perfected Rogaine for Jean-Luc Picard? So, please, let's give the producers a little freedom. <br /> <br /> But to try to make things a little more consistent, let's reflect on the creation of the Cylons just 60 years before the end of Battlestar Galactica. If that is the case, where do all the Cylons that populated the original land come from? We know that technology exists for spontaneous jumps through space. Well, what happened if one of the Cyclon ships at war with the Caprica fleet was attacked or if there was a sunspot or whatever and a ship, loaded with human-looking Cylons, ended up not just jumping through space , but through time? a thousand or ten thousand years with a disabled ship near Earth One. They colonized it, discovered that they could repopulate it and eventually destroyed it, but not before they themselves sent a "ragtag" fleet to search for the legendary Caprica, only to find a habitable but depopulated planet, that colonized to become humans. , who eventually invented the Cylons. Paradox of time? Of course. What came first, the chicken or the road? Who cares? It is entertaining entertaining!
