Everything begins with a suicide. Or is it a car accident? I guess it all depends on whether you choose to start at the beginning or end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives him the chance to enter his new movie, Seven Pounds, in the way he prefers, as it begins at the end and goes back to the beginning, showing us the course of the events that led us to that moving call to 911 This is a powerful movie; Maybe it's because I'm a fan of dramas of this type, full of heavy moments and full of devastating performances, but anyway, a movie works best when it really touches me, when it stays in the back of My head hours after leaving the theater. And this is from the team that brought us the Search on Happiness overrated, and not so complete, so I'll just say that my anticipation was kept close to a big disappointment. However, with all that, I was with Seven Pounds from the first frame until the credits came out. Even though you discover what Will Smith's character is doing, that secret mission he's trying to complete, it's the way he fulfills his penance that shines and leaves you with a tearful smile at the end. <Br /> <br /> Our entry point is a little shocking, which leaves us baffled trying to understand what is happening. Smith's Thomas has lists of names, one of the people we do not know and one of the people he seems to be trying to follow and audit. Working with the IRS allows you to access these strangers to take a look at their lives and see if they are worthy of a gift that has the power to give them a gift that could completely alter their circumstances. He calls an old childhood friend (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he was promised, so he does not doubt his decision because there is no change of opinion. Even in a paper as small as Pepper's, you can not help feeling the deep sadness in the background, hanging over everyone's head. It is his character, seen perhaps three times, that really covers the primary level of emotion with which he is dealing. Their breakdowns, whether with tears and compound or head-to-head convulsions, show that the bond these two men have is a test of time and any circumstance that arises. <br /> <br /> After that phone call, the trip to meet new people begins. Thomas is on some kind of mission to help alleviate the monetary problems of people with deadly diseases, trying to stay afloat despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survival. This progression takes many turns, starting with a "blind, vegan meat vendor," who reprimands to see if it can make it explode; a heart patient in need of a phase two donor, unable to print her line of stationery, or even run with her grand duke; a mother of two children abused and scared, too scared to leave her boyfriend; a dying hockey coach who instills faith in a community of oppressed youth; A small child who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with pain and an inevitable future with a willingness to hope and want to appreciate every day, and there are those who try to beat it by cutting costs and spending all their money at the expense of those who need it to go out. on style. Why it is up to Thomas to depend on the mix and find those who deserve his "gift" is unknown at first, and why this man, seen in flashbacks as an aeronautical engineer with a beautiful wife and a huge house facing the sea, now lives in a motel, driving a ramshackle car, going door to door to audit the IRS. However, as he says, "it was like he tripped at work." <br /> <br /> The search for Smith as Thomas is long and painful, tempered with moments of honest clarity and compassion. As a man with means to help, he takes his job seriously, crossing out people who do not deserve it and testing those who he believes are worthy until the ninth grade. If that means you have to shout and make fun of them, you should do it. However, at every step, you see the suffering in his eyes, the pain devouring his soul, taking each step towards his destiny, one as a saint of redemption, not only for those he wants to help, but also for himself. . It is a performance worthy of a prize and I only wish that Smith made more dramas like this one instead of his summer blockbuster attempts, because, although they are fun, this guy is too good for them. It is better for man to win an Oscar before it ends or it will be a farce, at least in my mind. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is stellar in all areas. Woody Harrelson as a blind salesman is a perfect disadvantage with a joie de vivre. His shy smile and his belief in humanity are manifested everywhere, whether by shouting the phone, sitting in a restaurant eating his cake, or on the piano in the park, playing for everyone who listens. Elpidia Carrillo, like the battered mother, is fantastic, showing the difficult evolution from proud to frightened to completely overwhelmed by the kindness of a stranger, allowing her family to finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines like the young "once hot", beaten and destroyed by long stays in the hospital, almost abandoned in life to find love and happiness. It is the introduction of Thomas Thomas who opens his eyes again to be a woman, a sexual creature of free spirit who can live without fear of wondering what day will be the last.
