Seven pounds, this was the movie in which I was convinced that Will Smith really goes for the "I'm going to make you cry" movies. One thing I can give you a lot of credit for, man can cry. My only thing is that, in spite of how moving the story is, Will Smith has shown again and again that he can act, so why is he taking this story extremely depressing? But nevertheless it is still a good movie. I have to admit that it made me cry, but I felt that the outstanding performance was Rosario Dawson, I love this girl, since I saw her at Hour 25 with Ed Norton, I knew that this girl was going to get very far. She is beautiful, charming, funny and talented, I can not wait to see where her career is going. But she and Will Smith, not quite sure if they had the great chemistry that the film needed, would have turned this into a great movie. <br /> <br /> Two years ago, Tim Thomas had an automobile accident, which was caused by him using his mobile phone; Seven people died: six strangers and his fiancee. A year after the accident, and after quitting his job as an aeronautical engineer, Tim donated a pulmonary lobe to his brother, Ben, an employee of the IRS. Six months later, he donates part of his liver to a child services worker named Holly. After that, he starts looking for more candidates to receive donations. Find George, a junior hockey coach, and donate a kidney, and then donate bone marrow to a child named Nicholas. Two weeks before dying, contact Holly and ask her if she knows someone who deserves help. She suggests Connie Tepos, who lives with an abusive boyfriend. Tim moves from his home to a local motel that carries his pet box jellyfish with him. One night, after being hit, Connie contacts Tim and he hands him the keys and the writing of his house on the beach. She takes her two children and moves to her new home. After stealing the credentials of his brother and making himself known by the name of his brother Ben, he verifies the candidates for his two final donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian meat vendor who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and harasses him at work to check if he gets angry quickly. Ezra remains calm and Tim decides he is worthy. He then communicates with Emily Posa, a self-employed greeting card printer who has a rare heart condition and blood type. Spend time with her, clearing her garden and fixing her rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her and decides that as his condition has worsened, he needs to make his donation. <br /> <br /> Seven Pounds is a good movie and it is definitely worth checking out, I would just recommend going for it. The rent in front of the theater. Will Smith achieves a good performance, but not his best performance, only most of the film forced him to cry in all the scenes, but the last one with him is very good. But I loved the ending, it was beautiful and it really made you appreciate life and not take it for granted. There are still good people in this world and the character of Ben reminds him to value life and to give to the needy. Although it went a bit far, it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
