I would recommend this movie to any music fan who has been dying to see a musical make a faithful transition from stage to screen. Of course it is long, but its length is a testimony of how faithful to the original musical script that the film is being. The sets and the cast really make Sweet Apple, Ohio, the place to be. False protegee Anne Reinking also does a splendid job with the choreography that gives dances a small and pleasant city. <br /> <br /> Casting at a glance may seem strange to some, but in reality they are wonderful (read "Anonymous" comments about Jason Alexander's performance made me sick. "In fact, his performance literally steals the show Like Albert, he mixes his own unique blend of manic nervousness with the charm of Dick Van Dyke to create a new and improved Albert The fact that he can dance and sing like no one's business does not hurt either George Wendt is another standout , which improves Paul Lynde's decision on Harry McAffe by making him less manic and stricter with respect to the Earth.All his character and body language shout "about my dead body." Marc Kudisch brings the Elvis look of Conrad Birdie to new heights with his subtle insertion of a "thank you very much" in "Honestly sincere." However, his physique is more reminiscent of the young Elvis than the bloated and deft Conrad of the original film.The fact is that this film differs greatly emente of the original movie (which added happy faces, turtles in speed and Russian ballet). What did anyone have to do with Bye, Bye Birdie, I wonder? The only possible advantage that the original version has over this is Ann Margret. Otherwise, the update is better in all possible ways. Where the previous version cut many songs and increased breaks for the dance where there was no need for them (and for all purposes and purposes the film ended in the middle of the play), the new version has restored the original music and added some great songs new things too ("One giant step" is the highlight in that category). We know that we live in difficult times, but if you want to stop thinking about your problems and put on a happy face, it is worth taking a look.
