Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is a CIA assassin. He is ordered to go to the country of Turaquistan, a nation that the United States has "liberated", and kill a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the US conglomerate, Tamerlane, which is "uniting the country again" will not represent Shariff, a tanker from a neighboring state, who is laying his own pipeline through a war-torn Turkmenistan. But, once there, Brand encounters difficulties. One, he meets a certain journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei) who wants to tell the American public the "real" story of the conflict in the region ... and Tamerlane. But, Brand is horrified to realize that Natalie's pretty face and sharp mind force him to lose focus on his mission instantly and unconsciously. In addition, his coverage as a presenter of a trade fair forces him to meet the country's pop singer princess, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will marry at the convention center. She is a young diva whose wedding arrangements also divert Brand's attention from the next murder. With other subordinates and inept complications, can Brand carry out his mission, to the satisfaction of the GREAT boss of Tamerlane, the former vice president (Dan Ackroyd)? Good for you, John Cusack, to make this film, even if it does not stay together. Filmed in Serbia, it is a look worthy of how Iraq should be, a country turned upside down. Of a brilliant blow, the green zone here is called "The Emerald City" and it is very successful, since this neighborhood similar to Oz tries to avoid the ravages of the war in other parts of the metropolis. The cast is very good, with Cusack doing a good job and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others supporting him with style. Duff, especially, makes a great turn as the singer very accentuated, very make-up and dirty mouth. The recreation of Baghdad harassed by war is so real that it hurts, while costumes and other production values ​​are first class. As for the script, it is not always cohesive, but it certainly has some tremendous dialogues and scenes. For example, a young Turaqui boy offers to show Brand an enemy hideaway, in exchange for money and candy. Brand produces the money but, since he does not have candy, the child burns his vehicle anyway. Sparkly! Then, too, management is not a total success, but it does not get delayed very often. No, if you have conservative inclinations, you probably will not like this movie a bit. But, if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the "war on terror", this is a good show. Therefore, make an effort to see it, as you will be supporting the filmmakers who choose to make films away from those old "formulas" of study.
