On this weekend of July 4, it is heartening to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and well in the movie "War, Inc." Just as our founding fathers gave the back of their collective hand to King George III, this film hilariously exposes the craven of war for the current crop of capitalist creeps that intend to indecently privatize the government, including the privatization of war. <br /> <br /> The cast in this satire shines absolutely. John Cusack is wonderful as a fun corporate assassin in conflict, and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is excellent as his love interest. (My God, "George Costanza" was right, Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But it's John's sister, Joan Cusack, who really steals the movie. His representation of a bossy personal assistant, but at the same time flattering, is priceless, and more than once I could not stop laughing at the brilliance of his performance. She not only has a fantastic comic timing, her face is as expressive as one could wish on an actor. Dan Ackroyd, too, has a brief but very effective cameo in the film as head of the company that runs the war, the Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on a "throne" with his trousers lowered around his ankles, Ackroyd even resembles the clown who currently occupies one of our true power thrones. You will not have to think too hard to recognize that person. Much of this film was filmed in Bulgaria, so we can see both real military equipment. (You only know that the US Army would never have cooperated to make this satirical exposition of the use of war). I especially enjoyed the character of "Omar Sharif" played by the Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. In a scene in which he is on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei, he has a couple of lines that could summarize our foreign political attitude towards the foreign leaders we install, and uninstall, in power. <br /> <br /> Naturally, this movie will not attract everyone. If you believe that the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, the army, the collection and intelligence analysis, the prisons and corrections system, public health and countless other government services is a good thing, maybe it will not like it very much this movie. However, if you think that destroying people and countries to add to the bottom line of any corporation is an abomination, I think you'll find much to appreciate in this movie. Nothing could be more in keeping with the Spirit of Independence that accumulates the well-deserved ridicule about corrupt powers that exist.
