The plot of this film may not be extraordinary, but what makes the film really special are its characters (and the actors who play them, of course!). I will not go into the details of the plot of the film, but would I like to say this? This movie is not just for everyone! The movie is really ingenious and you should be just as smart to get all the satire. If you are not alert even for a second, you will probably end up losing one of the subtle points. The film is full of seemingly trivial but ingenious things, like the advertisements that are made in the background in Turaqistan, the advertisements in the oil tankers (which I almost did not see) and these are what make the film fun. <br /> <br /> By coming to the actors, John Cusack has played his multifaceted role very efficiently (with what he is the co-writer and producer as well) and plays his character. Hauser, the killer with a heart? exquisitely Cusack did a similar role in Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comic disposition in the film is simply excellent. <br /> <br /> However, the actress who steals the whole show is Hilary Duff. I have always been a big fan of Mrs. Duff. But to be honest, I was a little disappointed when I found out what kind of role he is playing in the movie. But after watching the movie, the disappointment gave way to a great respect for her as an actor. Let's be honest! The child is growing, but yes, his talent too! All those critics, who screamed hoarsely that Hilary can not act, will remain silent for a while. Hilary had to play a really complex character? Hard on the outside, but a sweet child on the inside. and she has done him complete justice. Does it make you laugh, and it makes you cry? to shorten the long story (because I could keep talking about it forever) is BRIGHT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack have also done a good job. Especially, Joan's hysterics are noisy! However, I was quite disappointed that Ben Kingsley was misplaced in such a small role and his performance seemed lackluster. <br /> <br /> In general, War, Inc. keeps you alert with your clever humor, and ends with just the right amount of twists in the plot. I recommend this movie to everyone (and more to fans of Hilary Duff)! PS - I am very happy to hear that the movie will be released from its limited release elsewhere soon!
