Joshua Seftel's first film, a satire of memorable proportions, is as the title suggests: The effect of corporations on war. <br /> <br /> The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) who travels to Turaqistan (not a true one to help the US government transmit its message to the leaders of Turaqistan.) Meet a reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will happen to a lonely man + an attractive reporter, somewhere in the mix, a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah is launched When Yonica marries one of the most important people in Turaquistan (a son of the president) , a secondary argument is created where the mercenary must watch over this star, well, a little.The movie starts with a lonely Cusack in a bar, no more than fifteen seconds later, the movie hooks you in. With his funny and intriguing vision of Terrorism and politics, the film is on your side, the film has much more action than I expected, with the occasional scene of the war, well choreographed fights and only sporadic scenes of murder. that the story is not very deep, the simplicity of all this makes the film perfect for both the common man and the critics of the film. <br /> <br /> In the final act of the film, the simplicity of the film changes. Very hostile and messy. I thought that it was executed very well, but others may disagree, and I could understand why. Twist after twist is what the ending is about, and like most movies, it's a true success / failure situation. In any case, the three writers of the film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser and John Cusack) did a fantastic job creating a realistic and entertaining satire about the current situation abroad. <br /> <br /> Joshua Seftel does an excellent job securing the film. integrity; Not reducing the material to the most redundant of the films (which I feared would happen). Seftel elaborated the film in the most perfect possible way: it created a vibrant atmosphere, in which the hard realities and the false cartoons are examined; - Contrasting them perfectly - besides making the movie feel like you're watching it all. Seftel really engages you in all the action and it's totally worth it. There are no mistakes here. With luck, he assumes more management positions, since he is a director to take into account.
