Deanna Durbin, 14, recently hired by MGM, made a short film in 1936 that paired her with Judy Garland, a year younger, in the first film for both. Louis B. Mayer decided he did not need two young singers, he bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, rushed her to Three Smart Girls and rewrote the script to increase her share. It was billed last, but with the typographic equivalent of neon lights around its name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would be a great success, and they were right. Three Smart Girls is less a musical comedy and more a crazy one, and Durbin, of 15 years when the film was released, carries it with aplomb. She is Penny Craig, and she and her older sisters, Joan and Kay, are determined to save their father, who had divorced his mother, from the clutches of an elegant gold seeker with a fierce mother. They talk about Switzerland, where they live, to the city of New York, where their father lives. They plan not only to break their father's wedding but also to reunite their father with their mother, who after ten years of separation still loves the boy. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in his warm and delicious soprano? No Is there any doubt that the girls will succeed ... with Kay and Joan finding love and marital material along the way? Not again. Years later, Durbin was quoted as saying he could not continue to play little Miss Fixit forever. She was right, of course, but in Three Smart Girls, her first feature film, she has little Miss Fixit downstairs. Durbin is fun, determined, witty, energetic and, otherwise, natural. His personality is so genuine that makes this comedy, a mixture of farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful greed. <br /> <br /> Durbin takes the movie with ease. It's very fun to watch her defend against Binnie Barnes as Donna Lyon, the woman with her hooks on Penny's rich father, played by Charles Winninger, who has not been left behind by stealing scenes either. Alice Brady, who played the midwife in My Man Godfrey, plays the mother of Donna Lyons, who is even more gold seeker than her daughter. The last of the achieved fanatics is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who through a devised and fun confusion is confused with Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three Smart Girls is a light and funny comedy of manners and confusions. So does Deanna Durbin as a new star, who with her great success saved Universal's bacon.
