I am surprised by the comments of the posters that indicate that Jane Powell made the same kind of movies that Deanna Durbin did. Although both were young sopranos whose filmic images were created by Joe Pasternak, if this movie is an indication, they were almost polar opposites. <br /> <br /> While, in THREE SMART GIRLS, Durbin plays an impulsive "Little Miss Fixit," who, after some setbacks, manages to reunite his divorced parents, in his' semi-remake, THREE DARING HIUGS , Jane Powell almost destroyed the marriage between her screen, the mother Jeanette MacDonald and the new stepfather, José Iturbi, when she refuses to accept it. and strong arms so that his younger brothers also reject him. Of the Durbin and Powell films that I have seen, I would say that these disparate qualities permeate the first films of these two talented young performers. <br /> <br /> Regarding Durbin's performance in THREE SMART GIRLS, I find it. Completely winning, and most impressive. Despite the fact that from time to time the readings of sharp and overly emphatic lines in some of the most energetic scenes are revealed, this is one of Deanna's first films, observing her self-confidence, knowledge and manner naturally effervescent in that it presents its lines and its actions in general. and in the subtle and tender way in which he projects the most serious scenes, you would never guess that this was the FIRST movie role of a 14-year-old girl whose previous professional experience consisted almost exclusively of two years of vocal instruction. <br /> <br /> Given that this film, and Durbin herself, were widely publicized at the time as "Universal's last chance", the production must have been an incredibly stressful situation for a film novice of any age , but you 'I never knew because of the ease and security that Durbin shows on the screen. Although he clearly continues to develop his acting style and behavior before the camera (this was equally true in the early interpretations of much more experienced contemporaries such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin projects an extraordinary presence and warmth before the camera. that is absolutely unique to her, and even here, in her first film, she manages to be immensely pleasing despite her character's often impulsive temper, and though it's sometimes shrill, never for a second projects the timid and bow qualities. that affected many child stars, including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos who followed her success. <br /> <br /> In short, like all great singing stars, Durbin was much more than just a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, while the pure lyric soprano of Durbin is a truly extraordinary and glorious instrument, the most remarkable thing about all this is, for me, the way in which she can project her songs, without the slightest affection or "grandnes" that It affects the singing of adult opera singers such as Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in the films of the time. <br /> <br /> The movie is also charming, very influenced by the inflated comedy, endorsing Durbin with a creme-de-la-creme of top-notch screwball professionals such as Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and entertaining. It is true that it is not "realistic", but why would anyone expect it to be? If you want: rent "realistic" THE GRAPES OF THE WRATH OR TRIUMPH OF THE WILL. On the other hand, if you are looking for a genuine family comedy, sweet, fun and entertaining with a wonderful, charismatic and talented "protagonist" of teenagers, and excellent support players, this film will not disappoint you.
