"Twelve monkeys" is strange and disturbing, but at the same time it is so intelligent and intelligent. Skillfully jumps between the future and the past, and the story it tells is about a man named James Cole, a convict, who is sent to the past to collect information about a man-made virus that eliminated 5 billion of the human population on the planet in 1996. At first, Cole is sent back to the year 1990 by accident and unfortunately, he is taken to a mental institution where he tries to explain his purpose and where he meets the psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Railly, who deals help. He and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist. Being provocative and somehow so sensible, dealing with and between reason and madness, the film is a definitive masterpiece in the history of science fiction movies. <br /> <br /> The story is simply fantastic. It is so original and so entertaining. The script itself written by David and Janet Peoples is inspired by a film called "La Jetée" (1962), which I have not seen, but I must thank the director and writer of the film, Chris Marker, for providing so much inspiration to Los writers of "twelve monkeys". I read a bit about "La Jetée", it's not the same story but it has the same idea, so it's not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great inspiration into a modernized history, which speaks of this urgent need for people to find a solution to maintain human existence and do so in such a beautiful and realistic way that it is a guaranteed journey. From the beginning to the end. The music used in the film is strange and, somehow, so funny and fun that it does not fit until you really get it and when you do it you realize that it is so convincing, composed by Paul Buckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, whom we remember from Monty Python, as the director of the film was a real surprise for me, since I never really believed him as the kind of director of a person. I know he has directed films before, but I really could not believe he could do something so magnificent. However, it should not come as a surprise, since it does an incredible job. You can still feel the same rarity as in Python, but for me the direction is quite perfect, although in its strange way of describing things it also makes some scenes strangely disturbing. Yes, it's really weird, weird, strange and disturbing, so it also makes the film a bit heavy, so it's probably hard for weak-minded viewers to see the movie until the end. It is not as heavy as you might imagine, but it only has certain things that, in their own purpose, are sometimes quite severe to see. In spite of that, the film contains this pure intelligence in its interior and, through flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and the future, they mix the whole story in a very intelligent way and they do not even make the plot complicated. nowhere. After all, you need the viewer's concentration. <br /> <br /> What comes to act, well, the movie does not even go wrong there. The role of James Cole is played by the powerful Bruce Willis, who probably does his best role playing to date. Now people can disagree with me, since they did a good job, for example, in "The Sixth Sense", but for me the role of James Cole was so ideal for Willis and he interprets it incredibly well. The character is very well written too, but it is done even better. Cole begins to question his own existence and deals with himself, beginning to question his real life time, trying to survive and finding the missing crucial piece of the puzzle. Due to difficulties, he begins to lose his faith, questioning whether he can trust or believe in himself. Other role plays that are worth mentioning are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly, the psychiatrist of James Cole, who sees something strangely familiar in Cole and decides to help him deal with his madness. Somehow, he starts to believe the story of Cole, but as a believer in science, he tries to find solutions through it and tries to deal with reason when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and also makes one of his best role roles to date. The crazy but hilarious personality of the character gave Pitt even an Oscar nomination, so I guess I'm not praising the honest and fabulous performance for nothing. <br /> <br /> In general, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science fiction experience and will surely be a recommendation for everyone, especially for science fiction fans. It includes brilliant characters and magnificent role interpretations, especially of Willis and Pitt, and an original and entertaining story that forms such an intelligent and intelligent plot. However, as already mentioned, it is strange and disturbing that it captures the viewer's attention by making it interesting and witty. It's also an explosive thriller and it has a romance, so it's all in the same package and that makes it one of the best science fiction movies I've ever seen. Through the strange but wonderful vision of Terry Gilliam, manages to stay in balance even though the trip is somewhat bumpy but somehow stable. It's hard to really explain, but that's the way it is, it's amazing.
