The story of this movie is truly remarkable. A virus was unleashed and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we know now is that animals rule the earth above and there are signs everywhere that say: "The twelve monkeys did it." That's right, the human race had to hide underground from the disease that killed more than 500 billion people. Apparently the animals do not contract this disease. Day by day, the current scientist tries to discover what kind of illness had caused this; how it was created; If nature did it or a simple human being would have created it. All they know is that there are a lot of animals running around a city on them, the deaths started between 1996 and 1997, and twelve monkeys have something to do with that. (Or at least that's what the poster says). Then, a current convict named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples from above. After he performs his "voluntary" work, he is asked to send it in time until the year 1996 to find out what happened to the world. Cole accepts and begins the story of the Twelve Monkeys. <br /> <br /> Throughout history, the time machine is wrong on dates several times, from 1990 to sometime during the fifties. (In the middle of a war.) Over time, round trips begin to ruin James in the head and that alters the story. The whole story is very well done and would give it a higher rating if it were not for the end. Personally I did not like the end of the film and I was very disappointed. I simply expected a more explanatory end of what had happened, but not all who think this way. So I gave him an 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as me, I would give him a 6 or a 7. <br /> <br /> For the entire performance of the film, I give it an A +. Bruce Willis is excellent for this role and acts well, but Brad Pitt is completely 100% excellent. His acting is so good, he gets so good in the character. I never became interested in Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and in Fight Club. There are characters or similar in this movie, he is a little more ... crazy in this movie. So in general I think this movie is worth checking out. For most people it's a great science fiction movie, I just do not think it's a masterpiece.
