NB: Spoilers inside. This great film deals "about" so many things, all of them successfully: travel in science fiction time, unstable psychologies, dystopian society, the syndrome of what is real, gradual undermining of belief systems, global bioterrorism and a love story nascent <br /> <br /> The ramifications of the twisted timeline of the story provoke a heated debate: witness the discussions within this site; or, as an end, check out the dissertation at www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html. Phew! This time emphasis speaks mainly of the brilliant plot, which comes from the magnificent work of the writers David and Janet Peoples, not to mention the inspiration of "La Jetee" by Chris Marker. Undoubtedly, this is one of the most fascinating and successful travel films ever conceived. But there are many other levels that speak here. <br /> <br /> The real genius of the movie is to focus on the unpleasant side effects of time travel in the mind of James Cole (Bruce Willis, doing the best job of his career here). His journey progresses from the Gung-ho vaccine hunter warrior to the gradually deranged victim. and on return. The other sweeping sweep of history emphasizes more and more the personal history between James and Dr. Kathryn Railly (the wonderful Madeleine Stowe). I love the simultaneous changing / opposing views of these two characters. For me, everything comes to a critical point in the scene of a fleabag hotel room. At this point, James? Once grasped by an unbreakable determination ?? now he falls into absolute doubt about his own reality; while Dr. Railly? The fresh and rational scientist? finally he has become completely convinced, after absorbing James' proofs, of his horrible predictions. His desperation to communicate with James and cling to the mission shows how far he has come. <br /> <br /> Gilliam makes us worry about these characters, especially through the crescendo of the tension that separates their lives. The balance that remains between the emotional roller coaster and the giant game of suspense and science fiction is exquisite. And the outcome at the airport is very intense because we see it coming so clearly through James' dreams. Is he here, right after James decided to leave the mess? And are you fighting your madness more than ever? Go back to the plate and do what is necessary for humanity. Do you see José and the gun? (Just before this, references to Hitchcock's "Vertigo" and the change of identity / confusion are bright.) This is a film that should be analyzed among people who think; not only is it sustained repeatedly, but it demands them. "Twelve Monkeys" is intelligent, provocative, bizarre, fun and full of suspense. <br /> <br /> The cast is excellent, especially Brad Pitt, who stole all his scenes and showed great flexibility as Jeffery Goines, crazed and spoiled, but always the survivor. And there's David Morse as Dr. Peters (interesting how the movie simply leaves the viewer his perverse motivation) and Christopher Plummer as Dr. Goines. But the greatest accolades belong to Terry Gilliam, surpassing here, just his outstanding "Brazil". (Many parallels, of course, especially the solitary fighter who tries to escape from his crumbling environment: internal madness, external madness). Each frame of this film has its unique stamp and tone. The soundtrack is also excellent. <br /> <br /> This is one of the great achievements of the 90s, one of my favorites, and it will surely remain for a long time.
