Terry Gilliam and David Peoples came together to create one of the most intelligent and creative sci-fi films of the 90s. Have people proved to be a script with weird twists and fantastical ideas about the nature of time? I especially love the idea that one can not change the past; It is a good counterpoint to so many films that travel in time that say otherwise. Biological holocausts and the thin line between sanity and madness. Gilliam visualized his ideas with singularity, perfection and originality. <br /> <br /> The story itself is attractive: a man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a touching performance) travels several decades to the past to retrieve information about a virus that has eliminated humanity and left alone a few survivors living underground: with the information they will collect, scientists hope to find a cure so that everyone in the future can return to the surface. But because its time travel technology is not perfect, it ends up being sent to other pasts and complicating things. And from there emerges a brilliant science fiction thriller with shades of film noir as the multiple pieces of a huge puzzle begin to come together to form a strange narrative that involves animal rights activists, the paranoia of the end of the millennium , biological weapons, the perception of reality and The definition of sanity. With such a complex film, it was easy for Gilliam and Peoples to create a mess, but instead, Twelve Monkeys is a thought-provoking narrative that will please those who like challenges and have patience to appreciate some crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie once about 10 years ago. It marked me a lot: I remember that I still thought about many days later; For my young mind this seemed amazing to me and it was one of the first films that made me appreciate cinema as something serious and important. I saw this movie a few days ago on DVD and it's better than I remembered. Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes he's in, playing Jeffrey Goines? Almost a prelude to his character Tyler Durden in Fight Club? a rich kid with some anarchist / nonconformist ideas who is also crazy and, according to Cole, maybe responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the insane asylum are the best of the film, the eyes, the voice and the extravagant manners of Pitt convince you that he really is a crazy guy locked in a distorted logic that only he understands. Pitt's Oscar nomination was well deserved! Surprising was also the performance of Bruce Willis: his memory is not very good, but it is beautiful and full of sensitivity; He plays a man who spent most of his life underground, and when he reaches the past, you will share his childhood fascination with something as simple as breathing the fresh morning air or watching the sun rise. Cole is a pretty ambiguous character. Peoples tried to impregnate some darkness in him, and he does other things disturbing to other people and to himself: the scene in which he removes his teeth reveals the extent to which his dementia has not been controlled. Ironically, Cole did not start out as a crazy character, but when he begins to warn everyone about the end of the world, he considers himself crazy and convinced that everything is on his mind, until he reaches a point where he can not distinguish the past from the future. , reality from fiction. Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and insecure, and it works perfectly. One of the funny twists of the narrative is when Dr. Kathryn Railly, who cringes, meets with undeniable evidence that he really is from the future and now has to convince him again of his mission to save the world. The script is full of strange twists like this and keeps the movie at a fast pace. Their relationship is also good, although perhaps a bit compressed by time. But I enjoyed watching Cole and Railly fall in love and try to escape the authority of the future to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things end in a tragic / bittersweet climax at an airport, wrapping all the pieces together, which will make many minds disappear. <br /> <br /> There are two big endings in this movie, a turn in the sense of Se7en or Fight Club, and a more intimate ending where Railly is crouched next to Cole, who has just been shot and is looking for a younger James Cole who witnesses the death of his future; The two share a brief look, and she smiles at him. The turn is brilliant, but I prefer this ending to the emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe is very good at playing Dr. Railly, she drew many different emotions from me in her performance. The film is full of a feeling of fatalism with the idea that the past can not be changed: this film shows that in a terrifying way. It reminds me of Chinatown in that sense, the way Jake Gittes ruins everything he tries to help the most. The character of Railly shares that fatalism, the more he tries to help Cole. First dealing with his 'madness' and then helping him in his mission? however, the more they are caught in the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The turn ends with a hopeful note, however, with the feeling that Cole's mission has not been in vain. Twelve Monkeys is a great movie to see if one wants to entertain; It is not supposed to be art, although it is more artists than many artistic films. It's an unpretentious film where all the elements, from music to editing and costume design, etc., came together wonderfully to produce a masterpiece of modern cinema.
