Stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have existed for centuries, from the very creation of science fiction as a genre per se. The fact that today's society is responsible for what may be of the future in the near future, and that our own abuses and refusals to see what is right in front of our eyes are at the center of all these stories, be they good or bad. wrong. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, of course, is something natural for this kind of movie. It gives the film a sense of decadence at all times, showing a society broken by its own excesses and generating a sense of impending tragedy despite having moments of comedy. His world, the world in which DOCE MONKEYS transpires, is a place where madmen go crazy, where cities collapse in filth and abandonment, where everything stinks of omens despite the luminosity of the opening sequence, where madness looms in every corner. This is a very dark film, but its better, more linear (despite the twists of the plot that remain under review), and one that improves with repeated presentations. <br /> <br /> A tragic event in which a mortal the virus was unleashed on humanity in 1996 and, therefore, led to the extermination of Life on the Planet as we have known. Lead the scientists of the future to try to repair the change of the destiny of humanity on Earth by employing renegade citizens, the scum of Earth: as guinea pigs to go back in time, including James Cole (minimized by Bruce Willis ). Cole could be anyone. We do not know anything about him, but in a way, that does not matter, since he is little more than one of the many expendable volunteers and the insinuations of his character infiltrate later as he approaches the fulfillment of his mission. What we do know is that he is a man who dreams, and that his dreams may have been reality: he may have already been on the scene of the 1996 Event. <br /> <br /> It is this constant sense of deja vu That keeps showing up throughout the movie. When he was taken to a mental ward by mistake in 1990, he meets Jeffrey Goines (played spasmodically by Oscar-nominated Brad Pitt here) who frantically chats about doom and destruction, and Cole later believes he's seen Goines in his recurrent dream as a man pushing a child aside while escaping ... what? He does not know Later, he meets a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of his first reactions is that he is crazy and that she has seen him before. This becomes a current idea throughout his participation in this story, from passive / resistant to active believer and even a little crazy that Something Terrible will come down this Path, especially when he meets him six years later: he has seen to Cole before. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream he still has, in which she also plays a role as a blonde woman running down the aisle, screaming for help, after shots have been fired and a particular redhead in a Horsetail (Jeffrey Goines?) Apparently he has escaped, not before pressing the little boy who is an innocent bystander. The questions arise: have these events occurred? They are going to pass? Who is really part of this, or better yet, is everyone, even the smallest player, part of a Big Argument? Or is this all a trick in the web of time where time itself is a huge conveyor belt that shows repetitions of fragments of events that slip again and again? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a masterly sequence that includes key scenes from VERTIGO, the masterpiece by Alfred Hitchcock, in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton laments her brief existence ("You did not notice it," she says , as Cole and Railly look from their seats in the cinema where they hide). Fragments of dialogues of VERTIGO form a plate for the dialogue between Railly and Cole and later, when Cole awakes that apparently he fell asleep in the theater and goes to look for Railly, he finds himself face to face with her in disguise (looking almost exactly as Eva Maria Saint of NORTH BY NORTHWEST), due to the swelling of Bernard Herrmann, the appearance of Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. It's a fascinating sequence, even more so due to the more improbable appearance of the names of the actors in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly, who wears a blonde wig and a gray raincoat and calls herself "Judy Simmons" while Help a "crazy". "man named James Cole, James Stewart plays a detective trying to help Madelleine Elster, who" goes crazy ", then reappear not once, but twice, first as the brunette Judy Barton and then as Madeleine. , play and play again.
