An intriguingly audacious film weaves the seemingly effortless camera work with an excellent casting and explosive soundtrack to trace the damaging effects of the crime and corruption of Santiago's underworld on 2 naive young brothers in the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br /> The film debutante, Daniella Ríos, is the seductive erotic dancer Gracia, who works in the nightclub of the face of the new mini-wave in Chilean film production, Alejandro Trejo. The older brother, played with maturity by Néstor Cantillana, is easily convinced to become Trejo's trusted man, after a night in the strip club to celebrate the seventeenth birthday of younger brother Víctor (Juan Pablo Miranda). From the plane of this initial scene, the film explodes in the neo-noir exploration of everything that the outside world does not usually see in this stereotyped, conservative and Catholic country. <br /> <br /> Grace's seductive charms attract the three men like bees to honey, although the circular narrative of three-way fantasy romance revolves around the linear depiction of major international drug deals between the men of Trejo and the "Gringo", Eduardo Barril. Power relations become a vital issue, since the outsiders of society merge into a mini family. The prostitute has an exotic spell on all Chilean men in the film, emerging from her ambiguous position on the periphery of society, and is considered to be the key to the three men's futures. The relations between Trejo and Cantillana become important, since the parents of the children are conspicious by their absence (they are supposed to still live in Temuco). Therefore, it is Trejo, the godfather, who "adopts" Cantillana and effectively "makes" him as a man in the city. Miranda quickly becomes the desperate stranger, since his dependence on his "father figure", Cantillana, becomes increasingly tense because of the jealousy of the beautiful Grace. However, Miranda is still trapped by the restriction to continue in school: it depends on Cantillana, which depends on Trejo, for the money to survive. Trejo, in turn, is under the control of the 'Gringo', and his wealth has been accumulated through drug deals and also in his strip clubs. The figure of Grace acts like a time bomb seen as a beautiful firework, wraps a network of beauty within patriarchy, but the tension can only lead to a climax. <br /> <br /> As the tensions of these power relations arise. At the top, Grace remains ambiguously elusive. The viewer is never sure what male figure he will commit to. The film concludes tragically and explosively in a shootout that realigns power relations and erases half of the main male protanganistas. The final shot of Miranda's beaten face at full speed down the Pan-American Highway is desperately powerful. The boy has been absorbed by the attractiveness of the underworld of the city, but has lost his only visible family, and his wife, who is his only friend in the film. He has nothing. Dominant metaphors are bold and courageous. This is a gangster movie in Chile. The notions of family, without sex before marriage, etc., are abolished and, on the other hand, the harsh realities of the other side of the coin of Santiago are shown in all their wild glory. Trejo brutally hits Rios, Rios and Miranda make love in a movie theater, a whore who has sex with a minor she barely knows. It is seen that the 'gringos' have financial control over this small Latin American nation, but not through the copper mines, through the illegal path of drugs. <br /> <br /> The triumph of Waissbluth is in his presentation of this dark underground world. , which raises so many social issues, perhaps more than the successful record of Sexo con Amor, inside a polished and soft movie petard, which places this film firmly next to Sexo con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El Sentier Chacotero, as Cinematographic Evidence that Chile is well and truly alive artistically in the post-transition period 15 years after the censorship of the military regime.
