The director / writer Andrés Waissbluth worked seven years to complete this two-hour film about clandestine crime in Santiago, Chile, and perhaps that is one of the reasons why the resulting film seems episodic and needs to be edited. Or, perhaps this is the technique of a director who shows a great sense of the narrative of black cinema. <br /> <br /> Two brothers, Silvio el mayor (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor el joven (Juan Pablo Miranda), have moved. to Santiago from his home in Temuco after the death of his parents and Silvio works to support Victor's education. On Victor's seventeenth birthday, Silvio takes the virgin to clubs where he encourages him to lose his virginity with one of the club's prostitutes / strippers. In a tender scene, Victor must face his incipient impotence while Silvio is on the club floor impressing the 'owners' with their hiring potential. <br /> <br /> Silvio goes to work for the 'gang' as a bodyguard / Henchman and makes good money to support Victor's schooling. But Víctor has eyes for one of the dancers in the club called Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and begins to woo her, leaving school and incurring in Silvio's angry disappointment. Grace turns out to be the grip of the club's gang leader, Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo) who is Silvio's boss! Grace is the glue that holds this tale together, since it is the lover of Victor, Silvio and Don Pascual, and the consequences of this strange ménage a trois have deadly results. Through a means to retell the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Gracia, we grow to understand the vulnerabilities and cracks in each character that allow the resulting fall. <br /> <br /> It sounds like a Chilean fictional pulp? Well, it is and is filmed in a brutally colorful and dark way that includes a lot of frontal nudity (both male and female) and provocative sexual encounters. But in the end, the sensual aspect of the director's vision is what drives this film, playing the successful virginal psyche against the unconditional professional sex worker with success. The cast is quite strong, especially Antonella Rios in the demanding role of Grace. There are enough twists and turns and repetitions of incidents that you think you understood the first time, but that change dramatically in impact when counted through the eyes of a different character. Bordering two hours, some judicious editing would have helped the impact of the film. In Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who like the avant-garde style of black cinema and the art of South American cinema. Harp grady
