In the area of ​​films based on scripts from other areas (or whatever the title of that Oscar is), "Holes" has credibility. I think it's better for the author to create the script because the author is the creator of the material. If the author can not write a script to save his life, have the author and someone fluent in the script writing area believe it. Apart from that, this review is about "Holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons start here and a spoiler can be found inside. (1) Louis Sachar is an excellent author and it turns out that he can write a script. I watched the movie and then I read the book and both did not stink incoherence or stupidity. Some people only have natural talents that can transcend mediums. (2) The prize for the best performance is for Shia LaBeouf for her interpretation of the main character. He "dug" himself on paper. I wanted to see his character claimed before the conclusion. (3) To increase the suspense a little, they brought Andrew Davis. This is the man who made Harrison Ford run strong and fast. It can also make Steven Seagal break some heads. As for this movie, he had Shia and the rest of the children dig some holes. In other words, you can make a movie "action-packed" and do it well even if "action" is not the main genre it's not "action". (4) My second favorite performance is for Jon Voight as Mr. Sir. Sometimes, a silly role brings out the best in an artist. When Voight uttered the phrase "Once upon a time ...", I must have laughed for half a minute because it was so much fun. He is able to do comedy and should investigate some more roles that allow him to exercise that talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid when given a solid script. This is probably the second best paper in which I've seen him (only surpassed by 'Brother, where are you?'). (6) I love the choice of settings for the movie. I did not know that California was so dry or so sterile. I suppose that the figures of population and land area can be deceptive. (7) The general appearance of the movie made me want another bottle of water. One could only imagine digging a hole in that sterile area for half a day. (8) The rest of the cast must also deserve a box of Kudos bars. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Thomas Khleo, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were taken advantage of because of their talents and they melted very well. Great cast despite being close to the set. (9) I like a movie that does not explain anything immediately. When Stanley was chronometro with those baseball shoes, I wanted to see how strange the events could be and that is a key ingredient to make a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY!) You need to do a little more of these mature youth movies. It was acceptable to me and I am a university student. The last mature Disney youth movie I saw was "Something Wicked This Way Comes" and "Holes" possibly surpasses it (like the 2000 election, it's still coming to an end). Disney can do great if she decides to expand in this genre and has the art in mind when milking a cash cow when they see it. Ten reasons give a score of ten! <br /> <br /> In general, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney movies and probably one of the best of this year (this film may not be Oscar material, but whoever says it? Oscar material is the best material?). In terms of being a movie from a book I've read, this is located behind "Fight Club" on my list (which is at the top). Because it's a movie I saw in 2003, it's in the top five (somewhere behind "Mystic River"). Compared to "Harry Potter," Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel in Harry's head and gives the final death blow with a smelly shoe to Potter's nose. Everyone should see this movie because it informs and entertains. Here ends my tirade!
