And i mean it! Truly one of the most fantastic movies I've had the pleasure of seeing. The wonderful thing is that very rarely a good book becomes a film that is not only good, but, if possible, better than the novel on which it was based. Maybe in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trains, but it's a weird fact indeed. But I think the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning helped the masses, so the film stays close to the story but takes it even further. This film has many elements that make it what it is: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique and original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but with a mature touch. 2. The brilliant actors. Adults and children alike, these actors know how to bring history to life and express their lines with enthusiasm and style without exaggeration, as sometimes happens with children's movies. 3. An impressive landscape. And it does not matter if it's real or CGI, the configuration itself is a masterpiece. Especially I love the image of bird's eye holes. 4. A talented director who brings the book to life and turns it into a technicolor genius. Transitions over time work well and capture the constant climax of the book, leading to twists throughout the film. 5. Louis Sachar! The kind that made me read a book without stopping from beginning to end so I could not leave it. He makes sure that the script adheres to the book, with new bits added to make it even better. 6. And speaking of the script! The phrases of a line are intelligent, fun and not very patronizing. But there are also parts to make you smile, make you cry and pull the strings of the heart to make you love this story even more. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There is not a song in this movie that I have not fallen in love with, and that's something considering that I'm supposed to be a punk-rocker. The songs relate well to the story and add additional jazz to the overall style of the film. If you are going to buy the movie, I recommend you buy the soundtrack, especially for "If Only", which focuses on the story and contains the book's chorus. <br /> <br /> I do not work By the way, for the people who made Holes, I'm just a fan, I connect my favorite movie and give it the review it deserves. If you have not seen it, do it. Now. This very moment Go!
