The holes are a fable about the past and how it affects the current life of at least three people. I will name one of them, the other two are mysteries and will remain so. Holes is a story about Stanley Yelnats IV. He has bad luck in life. In fact, the unfortunate characterizes the destinies of most men of the Yelnats and has been, since then, the exploits of Stanley IV: "not good, dirty, disgusting, pig theft, great-great-grandfather". These feats in particular cursed the men of the family to many in an unfortunate turn. It is precisely during that turn that we find Stanley IV. A famous baseball player has falsely accused him of stealing a pair of baseball shoes, recently donated to an auction of a homeless shelter. You are given the option of going to jail, or you can go to a character building camp. "I've never been to the camp before," says Stanley. With that, the judge sends him with enthusiasm to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place, with a strange philosophy: `If you take a bad boy, have him dig a hole every day in The Burning Sun, make him a good boy. We learn this little pearl of wisdom from Sir Sir (John Voight), one of the "advisors" of the camp. He gives us the impression that he is a dangerous man. At least he uses his attitude honestly; he does not think it's nice The camp orientation counselor, Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson) is a completely different matter. It acts as part of the caring and sensitive counselor, but it is quick, faster than any other person with authority to unleash the most cruel verbal expressions of their positions. The director has a decided capacity for pettiness, but other than that, she is a mystery. These three dominate Camp Green Lake, a place that has no lake. It's just a dry, dusty desert full of holes, five feet deep and five feet wide. Their local fauna, they seem to be only vultures, and dangerous poisonous lizards with yellow spots. Green Lake seems to be, in many ways, an enchanted place. <br /> <br /> The holes work despite the strange environment and strange history, because it understands people. Specifically because he is honest in the way he deals with Camp Green Lake interns. The film captures the way children interact with each other perfectly. Captures the way children can harass each other, the way they can gain admiration, the way they fight with each other and the way children they team up along the line of age. It is this well nuanced core that makes everything else in the film credible. What is also refreshing about this movie is the good nature of its main character. He does not believe in a familiar curse, he is not embittered by the infamous feats of his "not-good-dirty-rotten-pig-great-great-grandfather". In fact, he loves to listen to the story. Stanley IV is not bitter about the past and is determined not to let it affect him the way it affected his father and grandfather. There is sometimes a lot of sadness in the movie, but not a lot of rolling anguished nonsense. And that is refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes is an intelligent, insightful and ingenious family movie. It entertains, and not cheaply. It is not a comedy, although it has its laughs. He dares to be convincing, where many family films tend to be secure and conventional. As such, it transcends the genres of family movies and simply becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give it a 10.
