Gruveyman2 (comments below) you are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance for the same city to which you have loyalty. It's that whiny arrogance, that ironically you claim that the film emanates from SF, which makes you look like the typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you felt that the movie was so self congratulating for SF is because you're jealous. Of course you do not know because you're so tired of Los Angeles. First, the film was completely objective about a beautiful city; what has been filmed there and what some of its most famous locals have filmed. It does not say anything bad about LA; and these accomplished directors choose to live in a beautiful city of Los Angeles. They recognize that they went to film school in Los Angeles and are obviously proud of that fact. They recognize that SF is close to LA, which is a benefit. The only negative that was said to be related to LA was about the executives of the study. The same studio executives who hated these guys' movies when they first saw them, but then those same movies became huge, world-class films. So, why would not they have animosity toward the executive establishment of study and the study system? These are the only people who are trying to "disassociate" and for good reasons! Do not be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the "called" director of San Francisco? How is that not to be considered? And who directed The Godfather? Coppola did it. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that earned him a prize for the best image. So, who gave him the job? He admits in the documentary that he did not even want to make the movie ... what's your point? And what if Sophia wants to live in Los Angeles? And that proves your point of how? And tell me how they are not really independent when they fund many of their own films. Movies that are now considered classic. And, when they made movies with studio funds, one, it was LA who approached them and said that we wanted you to make these pictures and two, that they used the money they earned when making these photos to finance theirs. They said exactly that in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Your whining and congratulating self would take on an air of greater self-esteem and credibility if you never step on the ground where you claim to be superior to this movie." <br /> <br /> How the hell can they "bitchy-ness" and "self-congratulation" suddenly have an "air" of self-esteem and credibility ... if they never return to Los Angeles? What a stupid and meaningless comment! You inserted some big words there ... and you just do not know how to use them! And, by the way, they never claimed or implied that they were superior to LA! So, what if they're giving a prize to a guy from New York in Los Angeles ... again, what's your point? So, if they go to Los Angeles or New York, are they hypocrites, they just prefer to live in SF? Has no sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and of the people who make it what it is today. This movie only focused on one aspect ... the making of films. So you take the time and write such unpleasant comments about the city (not the movie! But the city and its people) only shows what we, the Northern Californians, hate for the people of Los Angeles! THIS IS A GREAT DOCUMENTARY ... VERY INTERESTING, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FROM THE AREA OF THE BAY ... BUT I RECOMMEND IT TO SOMEONE.
