I entered Deathtrap waiting for a well-orchestrated and intriguing thriller; and while that is something like this movie is; Nor can I avoid thinking that he is just a detective of poor men. The classic film of 1972 is obviously an inspiration for this film; Not particularly in terms of the plot, but it certainly is the case with the execution. The casting of Michael Caine in the central role confirms it. The film is based on a work by Ira Levin (who previously wrote Rosemary's Baby and The Stepford Wives) and focuses on Sidney Bruhl; A playwright whose best days have been left behind. After his last game bombs, Sidney is at a low point; and this does not help when a work called Deathtrap; Written by an amateur who taught, it arrives at your door. Deathtrap is a guaranteed commercial success, and Sidney soon begins to plot a plot of his own; which involves inviting the amateur scribe, killing him, and then passing Deathtrap as his own work. <br /> <br /> Despite all their ingenious twists and turns; Deathtrap falls on a primary element, and those are the characters. The film does not provide a single pleasant character, and it is very difficult to worry about the story when you are not supporting any of the players. This is not helped by the performance. Michael Caine presents a good and entertaining performance as you would expect, but no one else is proud. Christopher Reeve is clumsy in his role, while Dyan Cannon somehow manages to make the only nice character be detestable with a frankly irritating performance. It is fortunate that the story is good; and it's good enough to save the movie. The plot presents a lot of twists and turns; some work better than others, but there is always enough to ensure that the movie remains interesting. Director Sidney Lumet also deserves some credit, since the style of the film is another great advantage. The central location is interesting in its own right, and the cinematography fits well with the film. In general, I must admit that I enjoyed this movie; But it could have been much, much better.
