['The trick to creating a good and solid mystery story is as much a matter of time as its plot design, colorful characters or surprising twists. Anyone who has worked in frustration with a crossword of the Sunday New York Times that can not be finished knows that any puzzle that takes too long to solve is no longer fun. The best murder mysteries, whether on film or in print, are light issues that come to the point, explain their clues, line up their suspects and, hopefully, surprise us with some surprises; Be complicated without being overly confused. And play clean; In the second, third and fourth views of the tracks and the false clues, we should be so happy to marvel at how good everything is in the same way that surprised us in the first place. In fact, good thrillers should improve in repeated visits, since we anticipate double and triple crosses. <br /><br /> Sidney Lumet&#39;s comedy thriller, DEATHTRAP, derived from the hit Broadway play in Ira Levin, is a great example. He moves along an ordered clip, juggling skilfully with his clues, being (almost) totally honest with us (even when he is lying to us) and yet never revealing where he is going (even when he tells us where he might go). It is less a murder mystery film in the traditional palette than a film about murder mysteries, derived from a play about dramaturgy. Instead of going back, a murder and then an investigation to explain why everything happened, DEATHTRAP guides us step by step through the crime (s), leaving a wide margin for the unexpected; As indicated by the ads, it is less a &quot;whodunit&quot; than a &quot;who&#39;llit&quot;. <br /><br /> Often, DEATHTRAP compares (unfavorably, quite strangely) with SLEUTH&#39;s game and movie versions, although it actually has much more in common with SCREAM, the mocking rehearsal on teen horror movies. Like that clever movie, DEATHTRAP labels itself (a thriller about thrillers), sets its parameters (&quot;a one-piece game, five characters&quot;) and then proceeds to deconstruct its genre by revealing itself as &quot;the set of more extravagant and absurd circumstances. &quot; entertaining enough to persuade a hearing to suspend its disbelief. &quot; <br /><br /> DEATHTRAP bravely gives us a mystery with only five main characters, two of which are of minimal importance. Henry Jones, as a cautious lawyer, is available primarily for exposure (and to provide us with his fondness for folkloric charm) and Irene Worth is all quirky and comic relief as a psychic and detective acting as a nominal detective. That leaves three main characters to be the killer (s) and / or the victim (s): it is a testament to Michael Caine&#39;s abilities that, like Sidney Bruhl, an author of mysteries that plays with Bad luck, create a character who intrinsically we like and trust, even when we immediately recognize that almost everything he says is a lie. As his beloved, while his wife, Myra, Dyan Canon, flirts with being overdone on a roller-coaster ride with a character who in turn appears to be fragile or domineering, cunning or hysterical, shy or bold and uncompromising in love with a Sidney that is not reciprocal. The third angle of this unexpected triangle is a new playwright named Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we never realize who his character is: enthusiastic writer of aspirants, semi innocent victim or astutely charming sociopath. As the various characters dance around each other, the script skillfully adapted by the great scribe Jay Presson Allen manages to be always fun, even when creating suspense. And even after the final turn (an improvement over the end of the play), it may not be entirely clear who has manipulated who to do what. <br /><br /> Lumet is not in any way a master of comedy, so let his cast have a free reign to develop the characters and all give a sharp, theatrical and subtle work, and Reeve is particularly remarkable. But what Lumet does so well is to work skillfully in small spaces. As he did brilliantly in 12 ANGRY MEN, he takes a set play, and with a minimum of opening, manages to make what could have been crowded, stagnant and stagnant look infinitely photogenic and spacious. The setting, a country house converted from an old windmill, is relatively small, but as designed by Tony Walton, it manages to be cozy and charming, as well as spooky and treacherous. It is really difficult to know where the boundaries of the studio and the real country house intersect, that to a certain extent the whole becomes a sixth character. And like the crime scene, it&#39;s a very attractive death trap by the way.']
