Having previously seen the abbreviated print presented by David Shepard, I finally got a full or almost full version, which was approximately 56 minutes compared to the more widely distributed 30-minute version. Shepard's impression for Image Entertainment is certainly of superior quality, and the best parts are there, but it's good to see the rest of the movie and complete some ends of loose stories. <br /> <br /> In Shepard's print, the film ends with Mary saying: "You see, I've changed my mind: I'm never going home." However, in the full version, Mary and Kenneth Driscoll end their relationship shortly after that scene. Mary returns home to the country? and Driscoll rekindles his relationship with Vivian. This additional video develops the character Vivian, which had little relevance in Shepard's version. In addition, in the full version, the film begins in the field of New Jersey with Mary, where she reads and fantasizes about her ideal lover. She is disappointed by the reality of the advances of the "chore boy" of the farm Johnny Applebloom (a character completely absent from Shepard's version), but after his relationship with Driscoll, he returns to the country presumably and eventually becomes the wife of a farmer. <Br /> <br /> Regardless of the impression, 'A Girl's Folly' is a good film for 1917, made by one of the main directors of the 1910 decade Maurice Tourneur. In it, Tourneur takes many hits in his own business, even playing a caricature of himself, the director of the film within the film. The two protagonists also offer performances of quality according to the initial standards of action on the screen: Robert Warwick, an actor who plays a star chasing skirts, and Doris Kenyon, as an ingénue who aspires to play an ingénue on the screen. <br /> <br /> Self-referential films, which made filming the focus of the films, were nothing new. Mack Sennett had already parodied this type of film three years before with 'Mabel's Dramatic Career'. However, several aspects of this stand out. The intertitles of Frances Marion are comic, and include illustrations of the actors on a chessboard with one hand directing them, which is remarkable in 1917. I especially liked the cards of the final titles of the film where two observers comment on the happy ending from the movie: romantick! "And, the other responds:" Romance, seriously! That's a movement of images! "His film partner, Anita Loos, came to a self-referential conclusion similar to another 1917 film," Wild and Woolly. "Both writers helped to change the role of their professions in business. and art. <br /> <br /> Some of the photographs by Tourneur and John van den Broek are good, especially when it comes to the film business.The use of mirrors in several scenes is a good reinforcement of the In addition, the editing is exceptional.The rapid cross-section during the studio scenes is especially remarkable, it serves to punctuate the frenetic pace in which the filmmakers work, especially at that time.
