Riff Randell is an obsessed fan of the rock band; The Ramones and also the majority of the students in the school. But as a new director's tirana, Ms. Togar thinks that rock 'n' roll is a bad influence for students, especially for the music of The Ramones. Then, when Riff discovers that they are performing in the city, she leaves the class for a couple of days to get tickets for her and her friends. But when Ms. Togar discovers why she actually took those days off, she confiscates the tickets. While this happens, Tom Roberts is totally in love with Riff, but Riff's friend, Kate Rambeau, feels the same for Tom. But Riff has his eyes set only on the singer Joe Ramone and, hopefully, on getting to that concert to play his song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Funny! Funny! Yes, that's right 'Rock n Roll High School' does not deviate from its main focus? a loud romp, daggy! It was not what I expected, that's for sure. Everyone who participates in this excellent project seems to be having a great time and its relaxing nature is shown on the screen with the energy provided by such a brilliant spirit, which makes it an invaluable experience. That does not mean that I think it's art and the plot is as useless as it can be. But seeing this passionate and crazy journey that rises to some good harmless jinks, I just could not erase the smile on my face. It's sticky, very cheesy, densely chaotic, but damn it's funky-dory! <br /> <br /> This low-budget feature film by producer Roger Corman and John Dante, who was a co-writer (and co-directed some scenes when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized in the last session of the day). It is basically a glorious tribute to the films of the 50s, which adhere to the fruitful clichés and throw into the stew the label of teenage rebellion due to the gap generated between them and adults (who always know more). It is possible that these characteristics are not particularly new, but they do increase their appeal due to dynamic treatment and taste. The movie only has one thing in mind, go for a hit! And they manage to do that. Courtesy of 'The Ramones', who play themselves. Actually, you could say it's a great fashion video clip, since it's about the Ramones. Well, most anyway. I see a lot to the performance of the Ramones. These are musicians, not actors, which means that it's not about their performance here, it's the music that we're supposed to dig. They are here to act! Which, are delivered on that front with some kick ass tracks that splashed the film to create a totally optimistic environment. Especially, his extravagant concert performances. The vibrant soundtrack also had some tunes from some other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and the Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jump tracks fit well with the carefree feeling and even the score worked pretty well. Especially in the scenes that involve Ms. Togar, with the score that captures the proper mood surrounding her mentality. The playful atmosphere of the film is very similar to a roller coaster ride with such a bold rhythm between the electrifying melodies and the comic segments that range from scattered slapstick routines to their sometimes witty, ironic dialogue. For a good measure, there is a variety of light and heavy gags, which I found very pleasant and gave you a wider range to express yourself. <br /> <br /> What else gave an additional boost to the movie? the divine PJ Soles (best known for his performance on Halloween), who had a performance as impressive as the peach Riff Randell. Other exemplary performances were Dey Young, such as the very pretty Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten as the disheveled Tom Roberts and Eagle Eagle man, who played Clint Howard superbly. In addition, some top-level Corman regulars appear with excellent presentations from Mary Woronov, who is excellent as the demanding Mrs. Togar who is promoting her unfair reign over students, Paul Bartel as Mr. McGree and a small supporting role from Dick Millar towards the end. The enthusiastic performance is pretty corny, but that goes well with the material and there is a certain sympathy from these characters, but we totally despise Ms. Togar and her monitor thugs in the hallway. <br /> <br /> There's nothing like that. The bush here when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School' is a heady scream, for a long time!
