The brain that would not die was considered so unpleasant in 1959 that several cuts were required and the passage of three years before its launch in 1962. Nowadays it is difficult to imagine how anyone could have taken the thing seriously even in 1959; The thing is both lucid and lascivious, but it is also incredibly absurd in a deeply awkward way. <br /> <br /> The story, of course, refers to a doctor who is an enthusiastic experimenter in limb transplantation, and when his friend dies in a car accident, he takes her to his secret laboratory. With the help of a few telephone wires, a pair of clamps and what looks like a shallow baking dish, it brings your head back to life. But is she grateful? Is not difficult. In fact, she seems very upset about the whole thing, especially when it turns out that the doctor plans to hold her head to another body. <br /> <br /> As it happens, the doctor is demanding with this new body: he wants one built for speed, and addresses the bewildered women who cross the sidewalks of the city, torment the places of strippers, They visit beautiful body contests and hunt models of cheesecake in search of gifts that raise their eyebrows. But back in the laboratory, the head has developed a psychic link chemically induced with another of the doctor's experiments, this so horrible that it remains hidden in a practical laboratory cabinet. Can you work together to get rid of the bitter and malicious laboratory assistance, ruin the doctor's revenge and save the woman whose body you crave? Could be! The leader Jason Evers plays the rogue doctor as if he had been given a massive dose of Spanish fly; Virginia Leith, the unhappy head, squeals and laughter despite the fact that she has no lungs and perhaps not even vocal cords. The busty girls turn to incredibly malicious music, the actors make irrational character changes from line to line, the dialogue is even more absurd than the plot, and you will need a calculator to add the nonsense of continuity. In general, THE BRAIN THAT WOULD NOT REMAIN WANTS presents itself as something even more involuntarily fun than an Ed Wood movie. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Green actually manages to keep everything moving at a very good pace, and looking at today's movie it's easy to select scenes that influenced later directors, who certainly saw the thing when they were young and impressionable and never got over it. The cuts made before the release of the film are lost forever, but the cuts made for television have been restored at the launch of Alpha, and although the quality of the film and the sound are not particularly large, it is good to remember that they were not. For starters, it's good. <br /> <br /> Now, this is one of those movies that will seem incredibly boring or extremely funny, according to your point of view, so it is very difficult to give them. a recommendation. But I will say this: if your tastes correspond to the likes of Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you need this and now! Four stars for their corny bizarreness alone! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
