There are two movie experiences that I will always appreciate. The first was to watch "Star Wars" for the first time at the age of 10 with my little brother. A second place nearby is sneaking into Halloween on the Tripple Plex with my good friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. Halloween left me breathless, speechless and completely scared. Everyone knows the story. The young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. He escapes to a psychiatric hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield and return to cause havoc. Go to Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy older person who enjoys taking care of children, and starts harassing her. His street party friends are killed, one by one, while Michael prepares his plan to get it. Ironically, the child who attends Halloween fears the "Boogeman" and can see him outside. During the wave of murders, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) struggles to find Michael before unleashing his fury. He has no evidence, no evidence, just a hunch that he has to sell to Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). As the plot unfolds, you have a suspense movie instead of a scare of cheap excitement. Alfred Hitchcock once said: "You can have four men at a table playing cards and they do not know there is a bomb and it shoots." That is a cheap emotion, however, he places four men at a table who discover a bomb and discuss what to do about it, then it does not go off, then it has suspense. " Director John Carpenter takes that advice to its fullest on Halloween. The public will see flashes of him outside, watching, stalking his victims. We gasp Will he kill her? When will he kill her? Then, Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses suspense instead of the special effects that usually highlight the gore. This movie has little blood, but still provides good scars. One of the best scenes is Michael lifting Bob off the ground. Lift the knife when the moonlight shines, then drive it. All you hear is a thud, then the audience sees Bob's feet go limp. Carpenter was the first to use a point of view of the killer's scene. This also elevates our audience. What will he do? What is happening inside your mind? Finally, Carpenter's disturbing mastery score adds to the tension. In addition, the writing of the tandem screen that he did with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops characters that interest us. Teenagers are not "crazy", but simply go through the rebellious anguish of the wasteland teenager. Finally, there is a decent performance in this low budget thriller "B". Nick Castle, who plays "The Shape" (Michael) adds something to the senseless killer. It is cold, without mercy, and without any pathology. In addition, the personality does everything in the same way. He kills only when he is trapped, or to set a trap. He separates the victims. He is also based on brute force. And that used mask (a mask of William Shatner bleached) gives an impression of something that has no soul or emotion. While Pleasance is melodramatic in his expressionless monologues, he appears as someone frightened, desperate and determined. It made me wonder if he represented the fading of modernism to explain evil. The jewel in the crown, however, is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. She plays the character of Laurie as someone scared, but also determined and strong that defends herself. The end is one that left me speechless. This was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that they can be enjoyed many times. Halloween, and other scary movies, however, do not have that advantage. So, if we could erase our minds from the first time we see a movie to experience it again as new and fresh, Halloween would be the movie that I would choose.
