As I mentioned earlier, the 1978 classic by John Carpenter is one of the first two movies I remember seeing and very influenced by (the other is the classic Conan the Barbarian). It scared me so much that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, with whom I finally became a friend (imaginary friend) to prevent him from killing me while I slept. Now that's terror for a 10-year-old boy. <br /> <br /> It's a horror classic and I'm sure my modest review will not do it the justice it deserves. The most surprising thing of all is that the film still works, perhaps not in the guttural reaction, but rather as an immediate cognitive or subconscious possibility. All this could happen. It is not in the realm of impossibility or it is located in a foreign country (as is the most modern horror, that is, the hostel, the tourists, the wolf, the sierra, etc.). Sometimes it is graphic while the rest is relegated to our imagination. I think it is this element that keeps people terrified or, at the very least, distrustful of going out into the street at night with the soundtrack of the firm still vivid. It still works because we can replace implicit or tertiary murder with something more frightening that our mind can create. So we ourselves are contributing to our own fears and anxiety. <br /> <br /> Carpenter weaves a simple story about a daily, middle-class, suburban and relatively benign child who takes pictures on Halloween and kills his sister. Then he spent the next 15 years in an institution (which fortunately we did not experience) just to escape and return to his hometown, the infamous Haddonfield. On his way he kills and kills. The boy's name is Michael Meyers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implicit security of the middle class suburbs. In the bastion of American security, chaos can still attack. <br /> <br /> Michael stopped being a person once he killed. He is not a serial killer, a human being or a psychopath. He is like an unstoppable force. The generic monkeys, the whitewashed Shatner white mask and the lack of any dialogue other than a bit of breathing, help to dehumanize and complete Michael's gendering. This is the source of all its power. He has no face, he is speechless and has nothing of nothing but a source of implacable chaos. This is helped by the cinematography (postcard effect), the lack of information / motivation / explanation and the veteran narrative experience of Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis). Its high performance and discomfort sells "the way". This is also the first film performance of Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode, the innocent girl who deters chaos in the face of overwhelming odds (at least for a bit). <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first movie of this new horror movie niche (Black Christmas came out 4 years ago), it is the most successful and does not diminish when reviewing. If you have not scared the horror movies in a long time (like me), this will make the hairs on the back of your head shudder with the first chords of the signature soundtrack. I highly recommend this movie as a horror movie and one of the summits of John Carpenter's career.
