I must admit that this is one of my favorite horror films of all time. The unique way in which John Carpenter has directed this image, opening the door to so many simulacra of genres, will make you relax, whether it is the first time you see it or the fiftieth. The sound, the menacing horror of Michael Meyers and the infamous cry of Jamie Lee Curtis give this film the status of instant cult and a great start to the independent era. I love music, I love the characters, the familiar but spooky atmosphere, the simplistic nature of the villain and the random chaos of everything. There is really no rhyme or reason for the murder in this first movie, which gives us an idea of ​​the true nature of Michael. Is he crazy, or is he somehow a very bright beast? That question may never be really answered, but Carpenter gives us his 100% and more devotion for this incredible masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is the master of horror. Although lately his films have not been of the caliber that they were once (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween began its power of a race. This is his last movie. While he freed other great ones, I will always remember this movie as the one that made me turn on all the lights, be careful when you take care of children and check behind closed doors, because you never knew where the evil would appear next. The carpenter has this incredible ability to bring you to the world in which he weaves. With the power of your camera, place these images of Meyers in the places you least expect and give you the perception that the killer is right next to you. I loved all the scenes in which we moved back and there was Michael, watching from a distance, without anyone noticing. That was scary, but absolutely brilliant. I loved the scenes in which Carpenter pulled your fear out of nothing. There you would be, taking care of your own affairs, when suddenly that horrible mask appeared from nowhere. Like the characters, you also thought it was just an eye trick, but that's where Carpenter catches you, it's not like that. Michael is not a ghost, he is a human being (or at least we think), but he has a stronger mental capacity than most of the main characters. This leads to some really dark themes and unexplored symbolism, but even without that, this is a spooky movie. <br /> <br /> So, if you just did not have enough of Michael, he just evaporated in the windows of your house, Carpenter adds that creepy themed music. I still have that touch of piano keys in my mind, constantly wondering if Meyers is looking at me through the window. Carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual shocks and chilling sounds to predict what might happen to our unsuspecting victims below. It's lethal, and it's done with a refreshing originality and more unique emotions than anything else that today's Hollywood Horror can muster. Carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air amidst what could be a year of harsh horror, with real fears replaced by Paris Hilton, you know that the quality is not exactly the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the inaugural murder in this film is terrifying and chilling. The use of the "clown" mask sent chills down my spine. The way it was filmed with that single long shot using the child's mask as if it were our own eyes is still one of the best horror openings in history! Set the tone completely for the rest of that movie. You have the theme of the nanny, you have the childish behavior that you have with Michael throughout the film and you have all the artistic talent of Carpenter all in one. I could talk literally for hours on this movie, but instead I would prefer to go see it again. It is worth repeating the visit many times! <br /> <br /> In general, I think this is one of the most outstanding films in film history. If you skip all the foreign films that you think you're going to risk, the face of the movies leaves you a Carpenter with a low budget and the genre of the slasher movie. This unique movie redefined an entire generation of horror films, and it still continues to be an influence on today's terror delights. The lethal combination of a really spooky killer, the powerful cinematography of events (which usually does not represent much in horror movies) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes Halloween outperform the rest. Sure, Freddy is great and you feel sympathy for Jason, but Michael is real, he's worried and he's loose on the nannies' blood. What can be better? <br /> <br /> Rating: ***** out of *****
