Halloween is not only the godfather of all Slasher movies, but the best horror film in history! John Carpenter and Debra Hill created the most exciting, spooky and terrifying movie of all time with this classic cooler. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this film that he inspired dozens of imitators, such as Jason Vorhees (Friday the 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Well, I have become a bit dark, but it only serves to show you the impact that this movie had on the entire horror genre. No monster had to come from King Tut's tomb or from Dr. Frankenstein's lab. He could be created in the small and cozy neighborhoods of the suburbs. And on The night he got home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the spectators would never be the same. There are many aspects of this film that make it the jewel in the crown of horror movies. First is the stage ... it takes place in what appears to be a normal suburban neighborhood. Many of us who grew up in an area like this can easily identify with the characters. This is the kind of neighborhood where you feel safe, but if problems start to arise, nobody wants to move a finger to get involved (especially when a madman who breathes with difficulty tries to twist our young heroine). Along with the stage, the movie takes place on Halloween! The most terrifying night of the year! While most people are carving jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers is looking to carve some teenagers. In addition to the stage, there is a great performance. Jamie Lee Curtis does a useful job as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a high school student who seems like she can never find an appointment. However, it is Donald Pleasance, like Dr. Sam Loomis, who really steals the show. His interpretation of the good doctor, who knows exactly what kind of evil is hidden behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels obligated to send him to Hell once and for all, is the stuff of the legend of horror. However, it is the score of the synthesizer that really drives this image, as it almost seems to put the viewer in the movie. Once you hear it, you will never forget it. I also enjoy the grainy feel of this photo. Nowadays, they seem to sharpen the image of each film, giving us all the possible details of the monster that we are supposed to fear. On Halloween, John Carpenter never allows us to have a complete vision of Michael Myers. It always seems like it's part of the shadows, and I think that's what makes it so scary. There are many scenes in which Michael is partially visible while spying on young teenagers (unbeknownst to them), which adds to his chill. If you think about it, some madman could be watching you right now and you would not even know it. Unfortunately for our teenagers (and fortunately for us terror fans), when they find Michael, he's not looking for candy on this Halloween night ... he's looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers, himself, is a key element for the effectiveness of this film. His tireless search for Laurie Strode makes him look like the killer who will never stop. He is the ghost that will chase you for the rest of your life. So, if you have not seen this movie (if there are still some of you who have not done it, or even if they have), take some popcorn, turn off all the lights, put this on the old DVD and look with fear . . Trick or Treating!
