I recently went through a stage where I wanted to see why the horror films of the 90s can not contain a candle for the horror films of the 70s and 80s. I have been very public in this forum about the vileness of movies like The Haunting and Urban Legend and others. I feel that they (and others like them) do not know what real horror is. And it bothered me to the point where he made me go to my local video store and rent some of the classic horror movies. I already have every Friday, so I rented the Texas massacre, Nightmare On Elm Street, Jaws, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, The Exorcist and Halloween. Now the other films are classic in their own right, but this is where I want to talk about Halloween. Because what Halloween does is perhaps something that no other movie in the history of horror film can do, and that uses subtle techniques, techniques that do not depend on blood and blood, and uses them to scare those who are alive . I was alone in a room with the lights off and, as silly as I knew it was, I wanted to look behind me to see if Michael Myers was there. No movie I've seen in the last ten years has done that to me. Any movie. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter took a low-budget movie and scared a generation of viewers. He showed that he does not need budgets in figures of 8 or 9 to evoke fear in a hearing. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what really happens, but what is about to happen. What was that shadow? What was that noise up? He knows these are the ways to scare someone and uses all the horror elements of textbooks that I think you can use. I even think he invented some of his own ideas and these should be ideas that people use today. But they do not. Nobody uses lighting and detail to provoke fear, they use special effects and rivers of blood. And it's not the same. You can not be scared by a giant special effect that makes loud noises and jumps from a wall. They are the moments when the murderer is lurking, somewhere, you just do not know where, that scares you. And Halloween succeeds like no other movie in this endeavor. <br /> <br /> In 1963, a young Micael Myers kills his sister with a large butcher knife and then spends the next 15 years of his life, quietly locked in a high school. . As Loomis (his doctor) tells Sheriff Brackett, "I spent eight years trying to locate him and then seven others making sure he never left, because what I saw behind those eyes was pure e-vile." Maniac and relentless idea of ​​a murderer who will stop at nothing to get what he wants. And all he wants here is to kill Laurie. Nobody knows why he wants to kill her, but he does. (Halloween II continues the story quite well) <br /> <br /> What Carpenter has done here takes a disturbing note, mendacious lighting techniques and wrote and directed a masterpiece of terror of narrow passage. There is a scene that must be described. And that's the scene where Annie is on her way to pick up Paul. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then does he realize that he has left his keys in the house. She takes them, returns and inadvertently opens the car door without using the keys. The audience returns to this but she does not. She is too busy thinking about Paul. When he sits down, he realizes that the windows are fogged up. She is puzzled and begins to clear the mist, and then Myers hits, from the backseat. This is a great scene because it pays attention to details. We know what's happening and Annie does not. But it's a cunning observation that Carpenter made that scare movie viewers in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses blurry images of a murderer standing in the background, has shadows that creep sinisterly through a wall, dark rooms, creepy and disturbing music, a sinister story told by Donald Pleasance and a threatening and implacable. assassin. My advice to the filmmakers of our day is to study Halloween. It should be the blue dot of what scary movies are. After all, Carpenter followed in Hitchcock's footsteps, maybe directors should follow in his footsteps. <br /> <br /> Halloween embodies everything that scares us. If you are tired of all the meaningless horror movies that do not know the difference between evil and tenderness, then Halloween is a movie that should be seen. Will not disappoint you. I like to be scared, I do not know why, but I do. But nothing has scared me in the 90s, except maybe a movie (Wes Craven's final nightmare). If you enjoy scared beings, then Halloween is one you should see. And if you've seen it hundreds of times, go see it again, with a movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will seduce you with all the pretty faces of the movie. Halloween will have you frozen in fear, stuck in your seat, not wanting to move. Now tell me, what horror movie would you rather watch? <br /> <br /> And just to continue after watching the Zombie version, it makes you appreciate this much more. This is a classic by definition. Zombie bastardized his version, but it does not take away the shine of it.
