Seeing Fire and Ice for the first time reminded me of my experience seeing 300 last year. It was not a bad movie at all, it certainly was not the average, but its plot and dialogue stood out for being, at best, conventional and, in the worst case, confusing and one-dimensional (which, perhaps according to Frank Miller's comic was the right decision to go with). But their primary strengths were due to intense action and bloody battles and having the shake of a 14-year-old youth watching men cupcakes fighting in a bloody sword fight, with the odd occasional creature or a super hot woman to accompany the environment pictorial. While he would probably see Fire and Ice before 300 again, both awoke that similar feeling. The exception this time is that, of course, it is Frank Frazetta, the infamous artist and designer of countless pocket books and comics, in collaboration with director Ralph. Bakshi, in what is not the typical Hollywood food, but something for the most intransigent fans. <br /> <br /> What this means for today's audiences, to see the film for the first time (now it can be coveted). The nostalgia of those who were young and saw them together with their VHS tapes of Masters of the Universe in their day, are the possible disadvantages mentioned above and, perhaps, that you see something somewhat unique. Fire and Ice is not even the only rotoscopic function of Bakshi, but it is possibly the most fluid, if not my favorite, of the few that he did, and he and his team create an amazing world that is part prehistoric, part of this fantastic world, and partly medieval, and all touched with the hand of a painter with respect to the backgrounds, the heavens and the grounds. There is a small drawback for Bakshi fans in this facet of character design; Bakshi went so far as to say that it is more Frazetta than him. This may be true, but it does not make it more absorbing to the eye or curious in those moments in which we do not see people killed or destroyed in fast or slow motion (my favorite was the momentary skeleton-guide, how Rotoscopado surprises me) . <br /> <br /> I ignore the description of the plot, since it would nullify the purpose of actually recommending it. If you are already an enthusiast in this type of animation style and approach, the plot will matter depending on the degree to which two warring factions or a "damsel" or princess are in danger or a hero has to prove their worth or Yada Yada. Suffice it to say that it is, well, Fire against ice, with characters called Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest man of all and the most comic in appearance) and Teegra (the typical hottie that is almost * also * perfect for man teen fantasy figure). What the plot does, as active, is to allow a series of changes of suspense and suspense around the action, the progression of danger in the great battle that is approaching, as when ogres are hunting Teegra and have to face sudden and crazy monsters. and creatures coming out of tree trunks and lakes. And as usual in Bakshi, evokes a certain madness (if not your usual inspired madness) in the midst of all this direct fantasy material. If you have seen Wizards, you will understand what I mean to a lesser extent. <br /> <br /> Therefore, if you are an animation buff, look for this immediately for a little "old school" (ie, 1980s) action and incredible design. For all the others, it is ... well, not excellent, as I would say without fail about its logical extension of the 21st century, with some modifications, 300.
