This charmed audiences at several film festivals, and it's not hard to see why. The director Yang Zhang, with the help of a very good work of the three main actors, Xu Zhu as father, the teacher Liu; Quanxin Pu as the eldest son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang, the irrepressible and adorable younger son, Er Ming, tells a story that will warm the coldest heart. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a man showering in an automatic booth in the middle of Beijing. He puts some money in a slot, opens the door, takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyor belt to be cleaned, goes into the shower and is cleaned with brushes and jets of soap and water as if it were a car in the car wash This is the future symbolically speaking, and the old bath house that we will see in the next scene is the past. Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China. <br /> <br /> Pollution? Hungry cultural revolution? Industrialization of blues? No way. What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and mutual love, a celebration of kindness in the hearts of men. However, I wonder how the Chinese government sees this movie. On the one hand, it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its people. It is strictly non-political, without criticism of the current regime expressed or implied. However, there is the slightest feeling that old good manners will be replaced by something that may not be so good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to let that be what it is. Tell a story about the old people in the bathhouse where they recover rubbing and massage, where they tell stories and remember the old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and cricket fights, where the Master is a spy and The old wise and his assistant is his son, who may be retarded or autistic, but who does his job with joy and a contagious spirit of fun and goodwill. <br /> <br /> The eldest son Da Ming returns to the scene, polished, well-groomed and taciturn. He feels uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother. It represents modern China with its tie and briefcase, its cell phone and its education. He has only returned because he thought his father was dying. When he sees that this is not true, he packs his bags and is ready to return with his wife and his career. But then there is a crisis and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of natural life and focuses on the people that his father and brother have been living. <br /> <br /> And so, Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new, and he does it in such a charming way that I will not object, especially because his style is so clean and so carefully expressed. One of the good things that makes me miss in most movies is the way in which it fits the subplots within the larger story so that they resolve before the picture ends. The habitual of the bath house that sings "O sole mio" in the bath house while the water falls on it, to the delight of Er Ming, discovers that he can not sing in public due to stage fright. Near the end of the film, he loses stage fright and sings thanks to the inspired help of Er Ming. And the regular toilet that is losing his wife because ... well, he tells a story to Master Liu before he confesses the real reason. But Liu understands and once again before the movie ends, the husband and wife reconcile. <br /> <br /> This kind of happy ending is unusual in today's international and artistic films, or in almost any directed film. To adults. Some happy endings are designed to embarrass not only their managers, but also their audiences. And some are so unabashedly condescending that the audience is offended. Here, however, the public is delighted. <br /> <br /> Watch this especially for Wu Jiang's comedy, whose warm effervescence overcomes any disadvantage your character may have.
