I saw this movie in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and went to Arizona State and really enjoyed seeing places where I spent so much time. I remember that at that moment I thought that Barbara's foray into a more rock sound (actually R and B, for my ears) was successful. I was never a fan of Kris's singing until his last effort for New West. As a composer and actor, however, he has serious problems, in my humble opinion. I think it's a good romance. I like it better than Judy Garland's version and I never saw Selznick's original, Janet Gaynor. <br /> <br /> I think they made some changes to this long-awaited DVD release. Among other things, I remember the helicopter shot that reveals that a packed Sun Devil Stadium is longer and more dramatic. I wish they had done a better job writing music for Kris or God forbid, putting some of their original songs there. <br /> <br /> In that sense, I have information from a primary source that says music was a problem for Kris and Barbara. While doing interviews for my new musical documentary, Rocking the Boat: A Musical Conversation and Journey, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, an excellent singer / songwriter / guitarist with close professional and personal ties to Kris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton, among many others. others. Stephen was in "Speedway," the character band of John Norman. Kris was finding it really difficult to convert what was essentially a pop score into something that could go through rock. Stephen was and is a friend of Kris and a member of the band for a long time. There was tension on the set and at one point, the band was barking at Kris in Barbara's presence. She commented to the effect that the band should not talk to her like that. Kris immediately returned to the fact that they were his friends and it WAS rock and roll! In the end, Barbara approached and decided to use the live performances of the Kris band in the film and specifically placed Stephen's role in making things work. I gained a greater respect for her as an artist by listening to this story. Much is made of her as a diva. What she is is a professional. And I'm not gay It's not that there's anything wrong with that.
