A blockbuster at the time of its original release (it was the second highest grossing film in 1976), the third screen version of A STAR IS BORN has always divided critics and fans alike. The film, open to scathingly negative reviews, however, a budgeted image of $ 5.6 million dollars grossed more than $ 150 million at the box office and won an Academy Award and five Golden Globes. It is not without some irony that the film Most commercially successful Streisand also remains the most controversial. For every ten fans who say that STAR is Streisand's best movie, there are always ten more who claim that it is the weakest film in his filmography. Although both sides have some merit to back up their claims, one should still bear in mind that the 1970s version of A STAR IS BORN remains one of the most moving and highly entertaining dramas of the entertainment world that Hollywood has produced. For my money, it is the best version of the story that is often told. <br /> <br /> The movie is very funny and absorbing. Changing the configuration of the old Hollywood studio system to the competitive world of the music industry was really a great idea, and the script creates a realistic contrast between the romance of the characters and their careers. This is the main area in which the 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN actually outperforms its classic predecessors. For example, the film is especially successful when it describes the personal and professional difficulties in conflict during the recording sessions and the endless phone calls that interrupt Kristofferson's songwriting attempts. This version of the story is also more credible in its representation of the main characters. For example, the female protagonists in the two previous versions were so virtuous and selfless that they came out as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female protagonist in this version, is not only presented as strong and passionate, but also as defective and conflictive. This makes her feel more "real" than what the characters of Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland felt in the previous films, and makes the story much more effective. <br /> <br /> The performances are all right, even if some of them secondary characters are not sufficiently developed. If you're looking for an actress / singer who can walk the thin line between strong and vulnerable without appearing to be an ingenious script, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few movie stars who can make even the most banal dialogue seem fresh and natural, and, as always, manages to establish a strong emotional connection with the viewer. In short, his Esther is a fully realized three-dimensional human being. Kris Kristofferson may not now have much respect for his relaxed characterization, however, it is always an interesting watch and shows a magnetic charisma here that rarely shows elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson received rave reviews at the time of NEWSWEEK, TIME and even the vicious Pauline Kael of NEW YORKER. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also offer credible presentations, but both have a minimal amount of screen time. <br /> <br /> The recording of the film's soundtrack was also a great success, reaching number 1 on the Billboard Hot 200 and selling more than four million copies in the United States alone. The "Evergreen" composed by Streisand (with lyrics by Paul Williams) is unquestionably one of the most beautiful songs of contemporary pop, brought to an even longer life by an absolutely incomparable vocal performance by Streisand. The rest of the original songs of the film (mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are also quite good, and Streisand sounds fantastic: their numbers of live soloists remain in the memory long after the rest of the movie is I have fainted Streisand's vibrant performances take "Woman In The Moon" and "With One More Look At You" to an exciting life, and make stupier numbers like "Queen Bee" work much better than they're entitled to. However, the solo numbers of Kristofferson sound somewhat tuned, that may have been intentional since he is playing a singer in decline. <br /> <br /> Although it is naturally dated in some aspects (it definitely reflects the decade in which it was made), the take of the seventies in A STAR IS BORN still holds up quite well. The film is well assembled and produced with dexterity, the chemistry between the drivers is extremely powerful and always feels genuine, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the end that are very effective. In conclusion, A STAR IS BORN is not only entertaining and moving, it also transcends all criticisms.
