I've always been a huge James Bond fan! I've seen almost every movie, except Die Another Day, and The World Is Not Enough. The graphics for All or Nothing are impressive! The announcers ......... WOW! I love PIERCE BROSNAN! Finally it's Bond in a video game! HE IS BOND! I enjoyed the latest Bond games: Goldeneye, The world is not enough, Agent Under Fire and Nightfire. This is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (can I call him Mr. Brosnan as a sign of respect? Yes, I can!) It was phenomenally exciting to hear him in a video game ... FOR A LONG TIME! DUH! I have seen him perform with Robin Williams, and let me tell you that they are a great team. Pierce Brosnan is funny, perversely handsome (I mean evil in a good way) and just one of those actors that you would like to approach and hug and embrace, saying: "Pierce Brosnan, thanks for being James Bond," "If it were not for you I would not know who James Bond is. " He is a great actor! I'm a big fan of Willem Dafoe although I've seen him in a couple of movies. His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (Do I spell the character's name well?) LOL !!!! He does a great job with an accent. Sometimes I can not even hear an accent. I've seen Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, performing in two movies: Finding Nemo and Spider-Man with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST. SHE ROCKEA! In any case, He never ceases to surprise. And Richard Kiel, wow, definitely has Jaw's part nailed. I've seen it in the movie and it's amazing! In fact, my grandparents have met with Mr. Kiel, and I was jealous when they told me. But, Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of celebrities that I want to meet. John Cleese was awesome. I've never seen a better person play like piracy and the gadget that Q creates! Mr. Cleese was very funny! I've seen him work with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies. He is incredible! John Cleese's most recent project is Shrek 2, starring Mike Myer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew's and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) GOOD LUCK 007! Oh, yes, and as Q alway says: "Grows 007!"
