Do not get me wrong "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and it is definitely the best FPS game based on the 007 franchise. But the series had fallen into a FPS routine. Enter "All or nothing", which puts Bond in the third person. When I wrote my previous review for "From Russia With Love", I finished FRWL and I just started EON and judged EON a bit harsh. Even though FRWL definitely has the edge in nostalgia and captures the essence of the film's franchise, EON is definitely superior in terms of depth controls and variety of gameplay. The missions range from running and shooting as standard to driving an SUV, driving an Aston Martin, driving a limousine that is wired to explode, controlling two different types of tanks to the "GoldenEye", driving a motorcycle, flying a helicopter, repelling an axis protected by laser wires, and free fall after a damsel that plummets. Sure, the vehicle controls are a bit clumsy, but the problem here is the variety. <br /> <br /> As adaptations of the film, "GoldenEye" and FRWL were all I could have hoped for. But the original story of EON adds to the feeling of controlling a James Bond adventure. This is helped by the impressive list of actors from Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese repeat their roles in the film M and Q, respectively, and Pierce Brosnan, while Sean Connery, adds credibility to the proceedings of the game. All the characters resemble the stars, with the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum, who in the game model does not do justice to the real-life model. The main song of Mya is on par with at least some of the songs of the titles of Bond on the big screen. <br /> <br /> The game also pays tribute to some of Bond's oldest films. The character of Willem DeFoe is a former colleague of Christopher Walken's villain of "A View to a Kill." Richard Kiel appears as Jaws, the great henchman of "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" in three fight scenes, the first and the best of which comes in the same way as a fight in the movies. <br /> <The single-player game consists mainly of standard foot missions such as Bond. Like Bond, you can choose whether to use stealth or go out with the weapons on. The game offers many opportunities to use stealth, with a lot of walls and objects. Unfortunately, unlike FRWL, only one button on EON controls both squatting and wall clinging, so Bond can end up crouching when he's supposed to be looking around a corner and vice versa. The game also allows players to enter the "Reflection of Bond" mode. While you browse your inventory, everything around you will enter in super slo-mo, which will allow you to analyze objects around you with which you can interact. While this requires some time to get used to, eventually this mode will allow you to perform many spectacular "Bond moments", such as knocking down a spider to get four bullies underneath, and greatly enhancing the feel of the Bond movie. <br /> <br /> There are 3 difficulty levels available: Operational, Agent and Double Oh. In Operative, you can go through a few hours. In agent, a few weeks. In Double Oh, a few months. The level of difficulty can be changed for each individual mission. Obtaining high scores on missions will unlock the gold and platinum awards and effects features, such as vehicle improvements and smaller garments worn by Bond girls. Some missions can be extremely frustrating due to the shortage of checkpoints, but when all is said and done, no mission is more than a single action scene in a Bond movie. <br /> <br /> Multiplayer, unfortunately, It's not that exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best multiplayer mode of any Bond game. EON's main multiplayer is a cooperative campaign mode that puts players in charge of lesser MI6 agents on a mission less important than Bond's. In this mode you can unlock a more standard third-person death match. But single-player mode is Bond's most complete experience to date. The ending, as in most Bond games, is anticlimactic. While the final mission is one of the most aggravating of the game, the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing. In addition, the levels that require Bond to be fast become a matter of trial and error. Still, for any serious Bond fan, not playing this game is the same as missing one of the Bond movies.
