I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire, and Almost Famous (he was not that good at Singles), so it's safe to say that I expect anything that Cameron Crowe will add his name to. I went to see Vanilla Sky and they told me it was a very strange movie and that I probably would not like it if I expected something similar to the other Crowe movies. Well, I just saw it, let me tell you that the first was correct and the second could not have been more wrong. It's a very strange movie, and nothing really gets together until the end. Anyone who tells you that he saw him arrive in the middle of the movie is lying to you or can not separate his hindsight from his memory. Anyway, the movie was stellar, and I hope to own it as soon as the DVD is released. I was moved by the film and I felt emotionally exhausted at the end. This is an experience that will extract from the viewer the whole spectrum of human emotions, if the viewer allows himself in the plot. In the theater where I saw the movie, there were more than a few people who clearly lost the notion of the film and got bored when they discovered that they could not go back to the plot. I am sure that others lack the ability to properly follow any movie like this one. I do not mean to sound pompous, but some people are more cut out for the film genre Seagal, Chan, Van Damme, and these are the guys who probably would not enjoy this movie. It's very cerebral, so make sure you're prepared for a two-hour mental curve, as well as a lot of thought later. <br /> <br /> As for comparing this movie with other Crowe movies, it is very similar in At least one aspect, in all the Crowe movies, the soundtrack is a character in itself. This is almost definitely due to Crowe's long ties to music, as anyone who has seen Almost Famous knows, and to his marriage to heart star Nancy Wilson. It was also worth noting that there was a definite chemistry between Tom Cruise's performance and Crowe's direction that made the film look familiar to anyone who's seen Jerry Maguire. In my opinion, that's not a bad thing. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if I had to compare this movie with any other movie, I would say this: if you enjoyed David Fincher's game, you almost will. No doubt he will be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
