How strange is the human mind; this center of activity in which perceptions of reality are formed and stored, and in which the vision of the world is based on the functioning of the finely tuned brain, this most delicate and intricate processor of all sensory things. And how much do we really know about its internal functioning, its depth or capacity? What is in the mind that allows us to discern between reality and a dream? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of reality is no more than an impression of what we really see, like looking at a Monet painting, in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality. It is a concept visited by filmmaker Cameron Crowe in his highly imaginative and mind-altering film, "Vanilla Sky," starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits an editorial empire that his father left him. However, his controlling interest of fifty-one percent has made him a marked man, since there are seven members of his board of directors, and each one is considered more worthy than the young Mr. Aames from most of the company. And feeding the fire of discontent is his perception that David lacks the focus that work requires. <br /> <br /> It's true that David likes to play; even so, he has control of the business and does what he considers appropriate, whether the board likes it or not (he refers to them as the 'Seven Dwarfs'), and nobody has had the courage to challenge him directly. But during a lavish birthday party in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that the seven are plotting something behind his back. At that moment, however, it is the last thing in David's mind; He has been having a casual adventure with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even that moves when he meets a woman at his party that he can not get out of his mind. Her name is Sofía (Penelope Cruz), and after meeting her for only one night, she becomes a fundamental part of her life, which is about to turn around, since the morning after her party, he makes a decision that it will. change your life forever And you are about to learn that sometimes, there is simply no turning back. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe has created and delivered much more than just another movie with this one; Much more than a movie, 'Vanilla Sky' is a vision made. Starting with the first images that appear on the screen, it presents a visually stunning experience that affects both the eye and the brain. It is a twisted mystery that will swallow you up and drag you away; Emotionally, it's a hurry, and it can leave you exhausted, as it requires a little effort to move on. But is it worth it. Think `Memento 'with a soundtrack of rock n' roll and a vibrant assault of colors offered by the brush of an impressionist. There is darkness and light, and sounds that beat and drive until you can feel the blood running through your veins and throbbing in your brain. And everything develops in a landscape of virtual reality that swirls under that vanilla sky in constant expansion. In a nutshell, this is a true journey; It's exciting ... and it's a game of the mind. <br /> <br /> As for the performances here, those who can not overcome Tom Cruise's mentality as Maverick in 'Top Gun' or his Ethan Hunt in 'Mission Impossible', or those who perceive it as just one 'movie star' instead of an actor, they will have to think again in light of their work here. Because like David Aames, Cruise offers the best performance of his career, one that should verify any doubt about his ability as an actor at the door. In recent years, he has made some interesting career decisions, with films like `Magnolia 'and` Eyes Wide Shut', simply warm-ups for the very real and complex character he creates here. And give him credit, too, for assuming a role that dissipates any sense of vanity; This is Cruise like you've never seen it before. `Jerry Maguire 'earned him an Oscar nomination, and this one should, as well as the admiration and recognition of his peers. Cruise is not only good in this movie, it is also extraordinary. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz also presents an exceptional, if not exceptional, performance like Sofia, the woman of David's dreams. There is a seductive innocence that contributes to this role that works well for your character and makes it close and accessible, however, lacks any hint of mystery that may have added that special "something extra" to the part. But Crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors, and certainly he did with Cruz. <br /> <br /> I also knew what I was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely vibrant in the role of Julie. She has never looked better, and quite sizzles on the screen. But make no mistake, this is not a part of "window adornment", and Diaz delivers a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance can be measured, in fact, in the impact it produces with a fairly limited screen time. And it is the person that she integrates so completely with her innate beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable. In general, an excellent work by Díaz. <br /> <br /> The cast includes Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (' LE 'Man), Jean Carol (Woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). Halfway through, this can make you question your own sense of reality; but rest assured that, at the end of 'Vanilla Sky', everything will be revealed. It is a reality, by the way, and wild; but this is an exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying and unique experience, one that must be seen to be believed. It is the essential and absolute magic of the movies. 10/10. <br /> <br />
