Someone (or something like that) leaves puncture marks on the jugular and drains the victims of their blood until they die. Police detective Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas, before slipping out of the horror genre of film B for greater heights) is perplexed in who ... or what ... is behind these notorious crimes. The village is overtaken by hysteria and Karl depends on his trusted medical genius, Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill, in another role of crazed and effective scientist) to provide information on what could be causing the death of innocents. He also fears for the safety of his beloved Ruth (the charming Fay Wray who stars for the third time with Atwill after "Doctor X" and "The mystery of the wax museum") who is Niemann's assistant. <br /> <br /> Dwight Frye steals the movie like a crazy town idiot who picks up bats and carries a demented attitude wherever he goes ... it's easy to see why he becomes a suspect since paranoia local is at a fever point. Maude Eburne provides the humor of the film as a very naïve (and easily influenced) patient of von Niemann who believes he has ailments that he reads in books near the laboratory where he works. She is impressionable and, often, Von Niemann only humiliates her and the constant fictitious diseases with which she feels plagued. Lionel Belmore returns as another frightened and superstitious Bürgermeister. <br /> <br /> Creaky, static, but quite entertaining, however, thanks to the cast. The film is obviously as economical as it comes, but this does not hurt the film too much as it is composed pretty well by director Frank R Strayer and his team. However, I am sure that the printing of the film has seen better days. This is the kind of B-horror item that I would find in a package with 50 other cheese parties and programmers from the poverty line. The villain of the movie ... and his motives for feeding a synthetically manufactured biological creature ... provides a different version of Frankenstein's formula. Many may be disappointed with the final results, as the film moves away from being a real supernatural story about a true vampire killer that caused the murders.
