In an attempt to capitalize on the success of Universal horror films, Majestic Pictures hired several popular actors of the current genre and put them in this effort that (in realistic terms) is not so good. With that, this is worth it for everyone, and it is very fun to watch, and in my opinion, it is better than most of what is supposed to happen today as a horror. The story takes place in the small German city of Klineschloss, where the bodies have accumulated completely drained of blood and with marks of suspicious punctures. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "It's Vampires" but the head of the local police Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) believes he is a madman responsible and agrees to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** The Burgermeister and most of the townspeople believe that the local kook Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) who loves bats and frequently He speaks to whom they seek and persecute him until he dies. in a cave. The responsible for the murders is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill), who has created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood and succeeds by having some kind of mental control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer). Who goes out at night to collect blood. Dr. Otto has a nice assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he's up to, but Karl eventually suspects when one of the murders happens after the death of Herman. br /> <br /> Frank R. Strayer was never confused with being James Whale, but he was a fairly competent director who ended up directing most of the "Blondie" movies in that series and with this movie he uses the same sets of " The Old Dark House ", which was also filmed at Universal. I'm the first to admit that this movie is pretty clumsy at times, but it's practically impossible to resist a movie that has a cast like this, including Frye, who is playing Renfield, but this time he befriends the bats and caresses and maintains them. In your pocket to keep them! One thing that just does not make sense is the mind control that Dr. Otto has over Emil, since the movie never explains this and I had the feeling that it was a kind of nod to "Dr. Caligari's cabinet", but in On the other hand, it is probably the weakest part of the script. I've noticed some other tricks, including Frye's chase to the big caves, which is obviously one of the first shots of the infamous Bronson Canyon, where many other movies have been made and also the brown hair of Wray, which is his true color . The true fans of horror films will appreciate it more than others, but I think it's a fun movie for everyone and with such an attractive cast, it's worth seeing.
