This is one of the most underestimated masterpieces of all time, in my opinion, it is stimulating, fun and sad, with incredible performances around it. All the characters are wonderful, and the story is just great! Also, Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are simply amazing in this! The Final is very powerful, however, I will not spoil it for you, and I thought that the development of the character was first class. Also, you can really relate to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, since you'll be encouraging them. Also, I loved the way he moved slowly and gave you the opportunity to meet all the characters and what it is about. I can not believe that this only has a rating of 5.9, since it should be much higher in my opinion, and it was fun to see Randy Quaid in this type of role, besides, it is extremely well written and done too! One scene that really caught my attention was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan), is totally embarrassed by her mother for the party, and the movie also has many amazing moments. In addition, the dialogue is especially excellent. This is one of the most underestimated masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), it is stimulating, funny and sad, with incredible performances around it, and I say: Go see it immediately! You'll love it! The address is fantastic! Adrian Lyne does a fantastic job here, with an amazing camera work and keeping the film at an extremely fascinating pace. The acting is amazing! Jodie Foster is really cute, and she's amazing as always! She was very nice, affectionate, had an adorable character, was intense in some scenes, was concentrated, and she and Cherie Currie were the heart of the film as Jeanie and Annie. (Parenting rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is very good, and it's amazing here, I really felt sorry for her character, since she had a very nice character who just needed help, she gave a powerful performance and created a very memorable character it was amazing! Scott Baio is great, since Brad was very nice, and he did his job well, I liked it. Randy Quaid is great in his serious role, surprisingly I liked it. Sally Kellerman is great since the mother liked me a lot. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are very good like Madge and Deirdre, and they did what they had to do like the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here, since it was great to see her, although it is not a very important part. The rest of the cast does it well. In general go see it immediately, it is an underestimated masterpiece !. ***** of 5
