Basically, it's exactly the same movie as "House of Wax", Vincent Price's first genuine horror hit released the previous year, but who cares, because "The Mad Magician" offers the same amount of exciting moments, delicious pieces vintage, cheerful 3- D Effects, sublime acting performances and macabre horror tricks like their predecessor! "Never change a winning team" is exactly what the writer Crane Wilbur must have thought when he wrote Price's character, Don Gallico, another tormented soul besieged by fate and seeking revenge against those who hurt him. Don Gallico is about to make his first illusionist show as Gallico the Great and plans to exhibit the best magic trick in history; Titled "The girl and the buzz saw". The promising solo career of Gallico is abruptly ruined even before it begins when his previous employer, Ross Ormond, appears on stage and presents a contract under his nose, stating that all of Gallico's inventions are the company's legitimate property. The sordid and implacable Ormond, who, by the way, also ransacked Gallico's beloved wife, takes off with the trick of the mountain range and programs it in the show of Gallico's rival, El gran Rinaldi. Inevitably, Gallico breaks and sadistically murders Ormond, but? Also be a teacher in creating costumes? recreates the image of his victim and even begins to lead a double life. "The Mad Magician" is a funny and unpretentious horror movie of the 50s in the style of Grand Guignol, with many improbable turns of the plot (does the landlady turn out to be a brilliant crime novelist?) And a handful of moments incredibly grotesque (although obviously they are still suggestive for the most part). The 3-D delights near the beginning of the movie, like a yo-yo player and a foolish trick with water fountains, it simply serves as a time-filling and contemporary exaggeration of the 50s, but it's still fun to watch even now and without the means to contemplate them properly. "The Mad Magician" is also interesting from a periodic configuration point of view, since events occur around the time fingerprints began to be used as evidence material and the character of Alice Prentiss is an obvious reference to celebrities authors of crimes of that time. . It goes without saying that Vincent Price is still the most essential element of triumph in this film, as well as almost all the other horror films that starred in this legendary man. Since no other actor could achieve it, Price represents the tormented protagonist who gradually descends. more and more in mental madness in such a fascinating and indescribable way. You grieve Don Gallico, but at the same time you fear him enormously. You support your vile acts of retaliation and, however, simultaneously realize that your murderous rampage must end in death. Vincent Price was simply a great actor and, in my humble opinion, the embodiment of the horror genre.
