I am not going to lie. Despite appearing interesting, I saw The Notorious Bettie Page because I had listened (and it was pretty obvious just by looking at a synopsis or something about the movie), that Gretchen Mol got undressed in it. I've never been a fan of Mol, but I can not resist seeing an attractive woman taking off her clothes. Yes, that may be perverted, but it's a central theme and ideal for the very core of the movie, and it helps make the movie much stronger than it probably should be. <br /> <br /> The chronicle of Bettie Page's (Mol) life from her days of physical and sexual abuse as a child in high school in the south, and in her new life in New York. She wants to be an actress, but she also has to pay bills. After taking a few seemingly innocent shots on a local beach, Page slowly turns into a modeling sensation, and quickly jumps from suggestive photos to sexually provocative pin-up photographs. <br /> <br /> I feel the brevity of the movie (only more than ninety minutes) is both a curse and a blessing. On the one hand, the film never surpasses his welcome. You get to know Page in a few minutes, and then enter your modeling career and do not look back. But it also curses the movie, because we never have the opportunity to understand everything that is happening. She simply jumps between the modeling shots and the controversies they create before jumping into the main Senate investigation that occupies much of the final act of the film. Just sit there, and try to absorb everything, and more just come directly to you. It feels as if the filmmakers want to summarize too much material in a film that is too short. Ask for longer sequences, and ask for even longer explanations. Do not feel rushed; it just does not feel all there. <br /> <br /> Another bit of a loose ball, although a bit more of a curiosity, is the use of color throughout the film. Most are in black and white, but splashes and color sequences often occur. But although this could have been done as a symbolic gesture from the beginning, it becomes a distraction, since it continually appears later before trimming to black and white. It becomes confusing, and becomes more tedious interference than anything else as the movie progresses. <br /> <br /> Although you may get a little confused with the actions, the film continues with its themes. Page, of whom I know little or nothing, is played innocently, and his world is exactly the same. Except for a few shady characters during his adolescence, all the people he meets are innocent, and everything he does has an innocence. I never thought I would see frontal nudity as something that was not vulgar and depraved, but here, it really is something to admire. Suddenly, he is beautiful and innocent. Even the most sexually perverted moments in the film (although tame compared to current standards) have an innocent and angelic feeling for them. There is something about the way Mol's naked body is portrayed that strikes a chord so different from naked bodies in other movies. It just feels so natural and wonderful, that if there was any reason to watch the movie, it would be to see the spectacular representations of Mol's body while playing Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> The other reason is Mol herself. Like Page, she exemplifies the southern 1950s beauty that everyone knows (or at least can imagine). Despite her profession, she remains a normal person, and still sees herself as a religious. Mol plays with her exactly the right amount of cleanliness needed for this character to feel authentically since the 1950s. She interprets it so naturally that it would be hard not to think that Mol was really Bettie Page herself. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the supporting cast has very few moments to shine, and it's totally overshadowed by Mol's wonderful performance. None of them does anything particularly nice, and none of them really has the same strength in their role as Mol. This is not really the actors' fault, but rather the fact that they do not have much to work with. Many of them are fully recognizable, such as Oscar nominee David Strathairn (in a role too close to one of his best performances), Sarah Paulson (recent Golden Globe nomination for Studio 60 on Sunset Strip) and character actor Lili Taylor, but it would be difficult to establish his performance in nothing but being well. None of these characters is really developed, and they really stand out as character cuts with which Mol goes through the loops while being encouraged in his brilliant performance. <br /> <br /> Actually, this movie is worth it for its interpretation. of nudity, and the excellent performance of Gretchen Mol de Bettie Page. Everything else is a bit too confusing and awkward than it should be. If you had worked harder to develop supporting characters and not just through history, this movie would have been a much better biopic. As it stands, it's just a vehicle for Mol to really rise up in the stratosphere of popularity as an actress. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
