THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE written by Mary Harron and Guinevere Turner Directed by Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you define a person who has always been between two worlds, one of alleged sin and one of supposed redemption? Especially when that person finally succumbed to a personality disorder divided in his later years as to demonstrate his own point. If you are the director Mary Harron, do not be afraid to show the push / pull nature of THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE. You allow the character to move from one side to the other between the healing forgiveness of God's power and the church and the seductive illusion of control and mastery that he gave Page during his years as a model model. In doing so, audiences are offered a complex character that is driven by the desire to leave their difficult past with a naïve enjoyment of the lust of others for it and a struggle to reconcile their image in the eyes of God. The time is right, it will not matter how many eyes are placed on it because there is only one pair that counts. <br /> <br /> Mostly black and white shooting (with some unnecessary bursts of color), THE NOTETOUS BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a light and humorous comedy, which makes the film a pleasant experience and also a who mocks how seriously people believe in the corruption of pornography. But the director's delicate hand feels more palpably during Page's desperate times. Harron is a sensitive and considerate director who does not launch the numerous and devastating hits of Page abuse to his viewer. Instead, it allows Gretchen Moll, surprisingly effective, to play the main role, the possibility of putting the pain of his character in the viewer with fear in his eyes, exhaustion is his crying and his shame on his skin. While most directors, perhaps most of the male directors, would find it essential to show the heroine in painful positions to establish a link between the types of atrocities that were imposed on her and where her life took her, Harron has too much compassion for her. The character, his actress and his audience. From fragility, Page learns to trust people again and, as more and more photographers fall in love with his image, he falls in love with his admiration and the control he has over the gaze. The moment her postures intersect in the realm of the soft-core S & M, she has found a way to combine her need to be respected with the objectification she has been accustomed to throughout her life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who yearns for control over her life and destiny, but ultimately, she is always told where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When he finally realizes that none of his choices has been his, he decides to embrace God and preach his word to those who will listen to him. The real sadness behind this very important decision is that she is still letting someone else guide her blindly; She has more faith that this direction will be better for her soul.
