Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (the former lead singer of the seminal rock group of girls The Runaways in her debut as a remarkably capable actress), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are uniformly credible, splendid and poignant as the titular quartet, which are a strait - A clique of adolescent girls with problems, fiercely loyal, with negligent, carefree and self-absorbed parents who do everything possible to grow and fend for themselves in the affluent suburbs of the San Fernando Valley, California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, commitment, etc. at a young age when they are not fully prepared to fully recognize the potentially harmful consequences of such decisions. Foster, who offers one of her most perceptive, affective and underestimated performances to date, is basically the mother of the group that presides over the welfare of her and of others; She is especially concerned about the good-natured, but reckless and self-destructive Currie, whose carelessly hedonistic lifestyle makes her have an untimely end. <br /> <br /> This image offers a poignant, insightful, often devastatingly credible and absorbing survey of broken and dysfunctional families that exist directly beneath the perfectly manicured surface of the suburbs and the tragic net result of these families. : hard, resistant, but unhappy and vulnerable children who have to face the trials and tribulations of growing up on their own because their parents are too inconsiderate or even nonexistent. Adrian ("Fatal Attraction", "Jacob's Ladder") Lyne's direction is solid and observant, while Gerald Ayres's script is somewhat confusing and confusing, but in general it remains accurate in its frank, harsh and Not sentimental of your average child's nerve. Daily chaotic, capricious and unpredictable. The soft, damp, almost pastoral cinematography of Leon Bijou adequately suggests a delicate and easily breakable sense of tranquility and innocence. Giorgio Moroder organized the excellent score, which makes a particularly effective use of Donna Summer's elegiac "On the radio". The first-class cast includes Sally Kellerman as Foster's neurotic, insecure and morose mother, Scott Baio as a sweet skater, Randy Quaid as Kagan's rich boyfriend, 1960's British pop singer, Adam Faith, as the incipient rock promoter father of Foster and Lois Smith as Kagan's overprotective and stifling mother. Robert Romanus (Mike Damone "Fast Times at Richmont High") appears as one of the grumpy ex-boyfriends of Foster and Laura Dern, who gets impassive and carries the brakes, like a nasty party star. Fortunately authentic, fascinating and deeply moving (Currie's last grim fate is very heartbreaking), "Foxes" is simply one of the most neglected and least appreciated teen movies made about the early '80s.
