The film can be a mirror to see the world in a new light. Good evening and good luck, for example, offered parallels to modern judgment without evidence and invasions of freedom. It is easier to examine a moral problem when it is not very close to home: placing it in a fictitious or historical context eliminated from our immediate situation. With pornography, we consider ourselves "enlightened" and our ancestors are hidden by picturesque ideas, which usually involve fire and brimstone, but the definition of what is obscene can easily fall prey to ignorance and unscientific interpretation instead of the evidence. Bettie Page was a cult icon of an era that included not only McCarthyism but the banning of comics (such as Tales of the Crypt) on the grounds that they would turn young people into half-mad juvenile delinquents. This film, developed from key questions raised in his life, raises dilemmas that are as relevant today as it was in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our film begins with two key scenes. In the first, we see well-dressed and respectable-looking men in a seedy bookstore. One of them asks for pictures of women in curly boots and being restrained, and then turns out to be an undercover cop leading a trap. The second scene shows Bettie Page, waiting to be called as a witness, looking quite demure, as if she had just left the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50mins are in black and white. Outmoded cinematic effects such as wipes and castings increase the feeling that we're watching a movie from years gone by, as well as cast manners, deftly recreated 1950s scenes, contemporary slang phrases and concise dialogue associated with the making of period movies. Archive images are often interspersed, which will delight many and annoy others. Consistent with its theme, the film is almost a collection of different types of photography in motion, and the oldest clips of fabulous beaches and landmarks are juxtaposed well against Bettie's classic postures that date back to an era of magazines of "health and nature". . . although I admit that if you do not captivate the story, you can find the effect a little choppy. <br /> <br /> Very soon, let's go to the flashback. Bettie escapes from an oppressed life of the Depression Years in Nashville, animated only by the singing of the church and the saving of souls, and goes alone to make her own way. After her initial success, her modeling work is divided into two chapters: the glamor of the mainstream focuses on her smile over the rainbow and the "specialized interest" photos that involve dressing in high-heeled boots and light equipment of bondage. In a previous audition (reminiscent of a scene with the character of Naomi Watts on Mulholland Drive, which was also called Betty), she offers a performance full of emotion, which contrasts with her normal animated day, cheerful (but finally bland) expression at daytime. Is it part of her still unsatisfied? Bettie is frequently rejected at auditions once they realize that she is the well-known pin-up girl. But we have never been asked to feel sorry for Bettie Page: her abusive childhood is quickly mentioned and overlooked; when she is raped by four boys from her hometown, we only see the threat and then Bettie recovers and survives, gets up in a deserted forest and puts on the brave face of someone who refuses to lie down and die. <br /> <br /> Although there are no nudes involved, it is Bettie's special interest photos that eventually generate problems. When we go back to court, the opinions of a cleric about the corrupting influence of such photos are taken as evidence. A psychologist says with authority how the photographs lead to 'suicide, murder and psychosis' in young people who are exposed to them (probably not in that order). Finally, a star witness explains how his son's life came to an end as a result of those photos: "being" tied in that way. "It is not clear how the fact of being" tied "causes death.) The text that accompanying a series of photographs of Bettie in a magazine tells how she was forced to endure "terrible agonies" with fetish restrictions (the public knows that actually found them quite funny and that the words, like the photos themselves, were dramatic After a wait of 12 hours, they tell Bettie her evidence: she is the only person who could definitively say that she was not photographed in agony, she will not be "required." The 'horrors' of the photos have been tested. <br /> <br /> If all this sounds like the dark ages that we have left, consider a recent incident (2003) in which Ann Summers' ad was banned, he said, "so that fashion and passion go to your local store, "with a photograph of the back of a woman, she is wearing a bra and thong and her hands are handcuffed behind her back. The lingerie and sex toy company, which targets consumers (and also supports charities that fight against domestic violence) said their ads were aimed at "giving women sexual confidence and always showing women in control of his sexuality. " One could conclude that the prejudice and ignorance of Betty Page's investigations are still valid. <br /> <br /> Bettie's religious opinions are an integral part of history, just as the concept of sin is an integral part of Christianity and contributes to "prohibition". The nature of sexual enjoyment often prevails in the United Kingdom and the United States, as opposed to the more factual approach found in continental Europe. It could be argued that the formulas of sin and redemption, and "being saved," are even reflected in mating patterns that perpetuate traditional male domination. A policeman who makes a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to Bettie outside the courtroom offers to "save" her from loneliness. The bright knight armor can be chivalrous, but it also assumes that a woman needs to be rescued. <br /> <br /> Loves him or hates him, The Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and extraordinary film, and a Moral Call for those who attend him. There is an excellent overall performance, and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is remarkable as the whole film is successful or falls into its powerful performance.
