Although The Notorious Bettie Page is well acted and filmed, it is, at best, a Cliffs Notes version of Bettie's biography. The film focuses mainly on his work with Irving and Paula Klaw, the team of brothers and sisters that produced most of his most famous photos. He does not detail his life after posing, apart from his religious rebirth. Quote "The Real Bettie Page" by Richard Foster as a source, but ignores Bettie's last years of mental illness and incarceration in a psychiatric hospital. You can debate the limited focus of the biography, but most Bettie fans and "civilians" are probably more interested in their modeling career, which is what they get. <br /> <br /> The film is well acted, with Gretchen Mol reproducing faithfully the appearance of Bettie, as well as transmitting the sweetness that exuded her photos. The character is interpreted as quite naive, a likely by-product of interviews given by Bettie in recent years. Bettie is more likely to be aware of the nature of her photos, but to have interpreted them as actors and costumes. <br /> <br /> The cast is also exceptional, with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor playing Irving and Paula Klaw, and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The movie is wrong with the character of John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and did not participate in photo sessions with the Klaws. Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his most libertine state. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of the performance, the film is a bit disappointing in terms of depth. The story is quite superficial and we never feel that we really get to know Bettie. Like your photos, it's just an image. It tends to exaggerate Bettie's notoriety. His photos were seen mainly in and around New York, in a very narrow market of clandestine and cult publications. His true fame came after his photos were reprinted in the late 70's and 80's, and the Cult of Betty Page (as his name was called) grew. Bettie's biggest exposure (sorry for the play on words) was on Playboy, appearing in the January 1955 issue (the Christmas picture, which is shown in reverse in the movie). <br /> <br /> The film is well made, although somewhat superficial. . He is able to maintain interest until the end and presents many good performances. It reaches the highest points of Bettie's life, but ignores many details that would have given it much more depth. The ending is more of a disappointment. It feels quite abrupt. Still, the film is definitely worth seeing by anyone interested in Bettie, or even in the period of time. The soundtrack is great, it really takes the viewer to the 1950s. If nothing else, the film is a showcase for the growing sexuality of the United States and the clash with its puritan past. It is also a look at an icon for men and women.
