First, let me say that Notorious is an absolutely charming film, very lovingly interpreted of its time and subject (s). Gretchen Mol is totally and painfully convincing, the very soul of the contradictions, without a doubt, justified by Ms. Page herself. Irving and Paula Klaw are very attracted to the tough working class they were (having met Paula in Movie Star News in 1990, I can say that Lili Taylor's performance is impeccable), and Jared Harris as John Willie (Coutts) is a genius adorably perverted Anyone interested in the recorded history of Americans' attitudes toward sexuality should see this movie in a theater, preferably, where votes made with dollars count more. <br /> <br /> Secondly, I will allow you to be a producer of material similar to that for which the Klaw would become famous, which in no way affects my opinion of Mrs. Harron's work as the splendid one piece that is, but it conditions my vision of Notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order. Mrs. Harron has created a work of subtle subversion. Together with V for Vendetta, it is a film about another moment of our time. <br /> <br /> Few readers of this site will know that the government that will be enacted in Notorious (through the transcription of the same words spoken in the closed hearings of the Senate committee) is a very close approximation of the one that live at this time. Although Mrs. Harron does not expressly allow her to have a political agenda attached to this film, her fidelity to the facts and the respectful and meaningless manner in which she presents them, they synchronize with Notorious with the present. The acts that Notorious describes with affection and precise details are defined as obscene by the Communications Decency Act, recently filed before the Supreme Court as a First Amendment case and returned there at the behest of the Bush administration. In other words, the delicate and ineffective slavery represented in Notorious is prosecutable today by federal prosecutors in any (hostile) jurisdiction they choose. Of course, there were no hearings in the Senate or anywhere else on this matter when the CDA was approved. Of course, you do not know anything about it, because you do not want people in Peoria to tell you what you can and can not see (in the same way, people in Peoria probably do not want to tell you what they can see). Of course Notorious will never be charged. It's Hollywood. He's a lawyer upstairs. However, innumerable Klaws will continue to be beaten by a Puritan bureaucracy that has not advanced much in its aesthetic, moral or biological composition in more than 50 years. <br /> <br /> In addition, Notorious publishes no 18 USC 2257 compliance statement, which is a mandate of the unnoticed "assignment" recently passed into law. If any means of communication contains images of "sadomasochistic restrictions", it is required that there be available (ex-guaranteed) records of the age and circumstances of all the artists. Notorious also fails in this regard. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a splendid piece of entertainment and an (almost) precise historical document, Notorious will be the litmus against which the Bush Justice Department itself is judged with respect to the 14th Amendment (Equal Protection ) and perhaps for several other constitutional reasons. Only in this sense, Mary Harron owes a debt of gratitude. You will be grateful in any case, constitutional or otherwise, if you watch this movie.
