['I had a vague idea of who Bettie Page was, in part because of her appearance on the very small days of Playboy (apparently, when she took a picture of herself and her Santa hat, just that, she did not know what the magazine was) . I was). The film, co-written and directed by Mary Harron of American Psycho, exposes the key parts of her life sufficiently well. A southern belle of church goers has some bad experiences and leaves them to look for better times in New York City, where he gets into modeling, and from there much more. Soon, she becomes the feeling of underground pin-up, with slavery the obvious (and &quot;notorious&quot; trait of the title) attributed to her. The actress Gretchen Moll portrays her, and treats the spirit of this woman as best she could, which is really the success of the film. She is not a simplistic character, even if sometimes her ideas of morality are questionable (&quot;well, Adam and Eve were naked, right?&quot;, She comments a couple of times). Apparently, the filmmakers put aside the last years of Page&#39;s life and leave with her in a kind of redemption period, leaving behind the photo sessions for Jesus. <br /><br /> In total, Notrious Bettie Page is not much more than a kind of typical biography presented by the HBO films, although this time with the vigor for a feature film premiere. The best scenes that Harron captures are Page in their &quot;questionable&quot; positions, getting pictures of her in prime poses and starring in ridiculous whip movies and leather chains and uniforms. This adds a much needed comic relief to the otherwise otherwise usual nature of the movie. It is not that the story behind it is not interesting, which implies the government&#39;s investigation into the &#39;tiz&#39; that emerged from those clandestine photos and magazines. But there is not much time to explore more than what is simply implied, with Page and its complexities or relationships or with sex and the fifties. They have all been given a neat black and white look and, at times, it seemed that Harron was making progress in some of the black and white photos so that they would become more dyed as he went. It is a visible sight if you do not know Bette Page too much, and probably also for fans.']
