I liked it ... just that ... I liked it, not like the animated series ... I love it! The fact that this is less attractive is that we all try to compare and not appreciate, but this caricature was incredible, but I really did not like it very much. There are too many people talking about Bruce being so cold, but if this happens about 5 years later, anyone in a gang that fights crime will have this angry and darker attitude, so for me it is not a mistake. Batgirl was amazing, she really fit in there, since there is no more Dick Grayson as a robin, batman needed a good teammate, not like the new robin, he is just a child and you can not trust a child as much. But here is what did not work: the new work of art ... it's not horrible but ... it does not work for me in a series like Batman. This is a dark character, with a crazy killer as the wild card, so you can not put this type of illustrations in this cartoon. The joker is not a bad design, but I still like the previous joker (but for me the best joker was the one that appeared in Batman Beyond: the return of the joker), so this joker is not so good. The good thing about the joker is that it still marks the voice of Hamil. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I'm in love with her) They put an incredible episode: Mad love (for me the best episode in this series). Here we finally know how Harley Quinn became, and how the prankster turned his mind, and he feels the atmosphere you feel in the animated series, darker, without happy ending, brutal fight with the joker (but too short), this What it was like to be the WHOLE series. BUT I generally did not like how he did Harley in this series ... in almost all the episodes that were funny, but in a ridiculous way, they hit him, he says nonsense, he makes mistakes ... come on, she's funny about a way you can laugh with her, not with her ... and here they get ridiculous (as I said in the only episode where I do not think I'm angry love and be careful with the creeper) So in general it's a good series, has altibajos, the drawing could be better (¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡! ¡¡ ¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡ NO !!!, Viejas Heridas, Sins of the father, and Cold consolation, if you enjoyed Batman: TAS, you can. see this but do not specify too much, on the other hand, if you did not see it, look at this first and then look at TAS that way you will really love it TAS: D
