As a low budget company in which the filmmakers themselves are making and distributing the DVDs, maybe we should not expect too much from Broken in the form of a disc. And, nevertheless, the most remarkable thing about this achievement is the fact that this version comes with enough extras to embarrass a James Cameron DVD and a decidedly good presentation. <br /> <br /> With regard to the latter, the only major flaw is that Roto comes with a non-anamorphic transfer. Otherwise, we will get the film in its original ratio of 1.85: 1, which shows that it has no technical flaws and it looks pretty as it should be expected. In fact, given the practical approach of Ferrari to put together this record, you can guarantee this fact. <br /> <br /> The same goes for the soundtrack. Here we are offered mixtures of both DD2.0 and DD5.1 ​​and, although I am not sure which one should be considered the "original", the fact that Ferrari has had a participation in both media should not be considered inferior either. In fact, although the DD5.1 ​​can offer a more atmospheric viewing experience due to the way it uses the score, both are equally fine and free of technical defects. <br /> <br /> As for the extras, the disk is positively overwhelmed by them. Take a look at the sidebar to the right of the screen and you will see numerous comments, lots of objects and several galleries. In fact, given the way everything has been divided into tiny pieces instead of compiling them into a long documentary, there is really little to discuss. The featurette 'Anatomy of a Stunt', for example, is exactly what it claims to be, and the same goes for the rest of the pieces. As such, we have coverage in almost every aspect of Broken's pre-production, production and post-production. And while it may have been preferable to find them in a "making of" easier to digest, this way we can easily access any special feature we want to see. <br /> <br /> Of the various pieces, then, perhaps it is only the comments that need some kind of discussion. On the other hand, there is also a predictable air for each of the chat tracks. The one that involves the actors is too clumsy and does not take the film too seriously. The Ferrari parts are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing. And the technicians are, well, extremely technical. Of course, we also get some crosses with what has been covered in other places on the discs, but in just 19 minutes none of these pieces exceeds their welcome. In fact, in short, a good package of extras.
