['After the glories of The Snare, it was unlikely that another exit for Hanzo could do anything better, and this does not break that expectation, but it is a good film and is perfectly between the first chapter fun but messy and the second excellent in terms of quality and entertainment in general. The script comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallels with The Snare, as well as the expected problems of a Hanzo movie, but the film produces small changes in the formula to amplify the humor of the characters and the film. A more calm, reflective edge. The film begins with the assistants of Hanzos scared by a ghost, and usually decides immediately that it needs to have a carnal knowledge of this ghost. It turns out that the ghost is serving as a guard for a cache of stolen coins and from this configuration a history of theft, corruption and usury develops, with expected violent and sordid results. Shintaro Katsu is fantastic as Hanzo, he presents himself effortlessly as a mortal fighter and a sexual force of nature, he is equally good at moments of knowledge of humor and pleasant, almost a common knight in moments of drama, it is a beautifully rounded performance . Full of social conscience and a touching touch of personal feeling. The long-awaited comedy goes well too, her moments with &quot;Snake&quot; Magobei are perhaps the most entertaining of the series, while her interactions with her servants are incredibly entertaining as always. Despite being well charged with good times, a good amount of action and a bit of sleaze, the film loses a bit from a relatively moderate approach. There are nuances of the two previous films, the tracing, the rhythm and the intelligence reminiscent of The Snare and when the film points to the sordidness, it does it very well, with a powerful and striking early interrogation sequence. However, the director Yoshio Inoue presents potentially sordid scenes in a more experimental way according to Kenji Misumi&#39;s less-used work in Sword Of Justice, with sometimes very pleasant consequences, such as with a man playing a melody in the koto, with close-ups With his fingers touching the strings like something unknown to him, Hanzo plows his wife and, sometimes, a little weak, as in an orgy that is reduced to a whirlwind of psychedelic members moving without nudes that seem confused. Nudity and bloodshed are usually minimized, which is a shame, although there is a bit of both, a stronger focus would have worked better, it&#39;s definitely the kind of movie where malicious and unrestrained nudity and violence are the more appropriate. But even with less exploitative resources, this is still quite entertaining, the predictable moments are filled with poise and there is more than enough intrigue and emotion, even some effective surprises. It is really a movie for the fans, interpreting the work established in the previous installments and working sweetly, if not dramatically, with him. In general, a final almost pleasant, although slightly defective, for a charming trilogy, the second best of them and well worth a watch for enthusiasts of those things.']
