Following the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (also known as "Hanzo The Razor - Sword Of Justice", 1972) and his excellent (and even more disheveled) sequel "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" (also known as "Razor 2: The Snare ", 1973), this" Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban "aka. "Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" is the third installment, unfortunately final, of the incredible saga about the incorruptible samurai agent Hanzo 'The Razor' Ittami (played brilliantly by the great Shintarô Katsu), who fights corruption with his skill in the fight as well as his enormous sexual powers. As a big fan of the 70s exploitation cinema that was made in Nippon, "Sword Of Justice" became one of my instant favorites, and that's why I was more than eager to find the sequels, and full of anticipation when I finally bumped into it. with them recently. While this third film "Hanzo" is not as brilliant as its predecessors, it is definitely another great work of cult cinema that no lover of Japanese exploitation cinema can afford to lose. "Who's Got The Gold" is a little more subdued than the two previous Hanzo films, but is equally comically brilliant and crudely comical, and immediately begins in a fabulous way: the film begins when Hanzo's two aides see a female ghost when they fish Hanzo has always wanted to sleep with a ghost, insists that his assistants take him to the place of the event ... If that is not a promising start to an incredible cinematic experience, I do not know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my personal favorite actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written specifically for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, the stubborn and intrepid agent, who hates corruption and deliberately insults his superiors, and whose unique interrogation techniques include the rape of suspicious women. The interrogated women fall in love immediately with him, due to his sexual powers and his huge penis, which he trains in a rather grotesque routine ritual. I will not reveal more about the plot in "Who has the gold", but I can assure you that it is as great as it seems. The supporting performances are also very good and, as in the predecessors, there are many hilariously eccentric characters. Unfortunately, this is the last film in the 'Hanzo' series, incredibly sordid. If they had made 20 more sequels, I would have happily seen them all! The complete series of Hanzo is brilliant, and while this third part is a bit inferior compared to its predecessors, it is definitely a must for all cult-movie lovers. Oh, how I wish they had done more sequels!
