L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The hypothesis of stolen painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of a three-storey old Parisian apartment building. Inside, we find The Collector, an old man who has apparently devoted his life to the study of the six existing paintings known to a dark painter of the Impressionist era, Tonnerre. A narrator recites several epigrams about art and painting, and then engages in a dialogue with the collector, who describes the paintings, shows them to us, tells us a little about the painter and the scandal that brought him down, and then tells us that it will show us something ... <br /> <br /> While walking through a door, we enter another world, or worlds, or perhaps to reach the limit, to other possible worlds. The collector shows us through his seemingly limitless home, including a large patio full of trees with a hill; Within these confines are the 6 paintings that come to life, or that are half way through life while guiding us through several paintings and describing the possible meanings of each painting, of the work as a whole, of a whole secret story behind the pictures. , the scandal, the people in the paintings, the novel that may have inspired the paintings. And so on and so forth. Each room, each description, takes us into a labyrinth, and all the time, The Collector and The Narrator get involved in their separate monologues, occasionally at the edge of dialogue, but for the most part they remain separate and different. <br /> <br /> I I saw it a second time, so strange, powerful and indescribable it was, and very challenging to think or write. If I have an idea of ​​what it adds to, it would be an astute satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. An indicator that can be found in two of the most fun and inexplicable scenes are those in which the collector presents some plastic statuettes without sex. In the second one, he also looks at photos of those that reflect the poses of the paintings. - then go through his collection, which is now partially composed of life-size versions of the figures. If we think too much about it and do not enjoy it, everything becomes a faceless plastic ... <br /> <br /> If I came to any definitive conclusion about "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé", or not, I can say definitely that out of the early (and contemporary) works of Peter Greenaway as "A Walk Through H", I have rarely felt so fascinated by something so deep, so serious, so dense ... and in the heart, so naughty and funny.
