This project was originally conceived as the film version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! And that's not something new for Jay Chou, who made his debut in the film playing a character from another very popular manga, Initial D. On the way, it was decided to incorporate some kung fu into the movie, so that's where the title, even if the idea was not very original, with Shaolin Soccer by Stephen Chow that comes to mind with martial arts and ball games combined. <br /> <br /> However, and fortunately, those scenes in which kung fu really influenced the games were kept to a minimum. , and in Kung Fu Dunk, really unnecessary, because they do not add much to the plot or accumulate much emotion, and at best offered some cheap laughs and remembered the time when Stephen Chow used kung fu in football matches. Jay Chou feels comfortable in his role as martial artist Fang Shi-jie, since it is not the first time he fought using martial arts (Curse of the Golden Flower?), And under the direction of Ching Siu-Tung, he was created . to look really believable while destroying innumerable gang members in a bar like you see in the trailer, just so you know who the boss is. <br /> <br /> That was the reason why his character became a kung fu practitioner, and to give him an excuse to be a top shot, capable of shooting the hoops from virtually any angle. And with Eric Tsang as a small swindler Chen-Li, who sees his potential and becomes his agent, he joins a university to play basketball on the varsity team, but not without the initial objection of the Ting-wei team captain (Chen Bo-Lin) and the team The star Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, in his debut on the big screen). But you know that with team members on the same side, they will soon combine their strengths to face opponents on the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I will dare to say that this movie is for The basketball just like the football goal. He made the sport look good because of his charismatic characters, despite the fact that they dripped so much coldness and isolation on the courts. Here, special effects and teamwork were used to make the actors look like professionals who can get a top position in the NBA league, and in all honesty, they really looked impressive, especially when they imitate various dunking moves, and perform combo- It moves thanks to technology and doubles work. So in reality, the elements of kung fu do not really have to be in the film. The same trick can justify most movements, since they are quite rooted in reality, and they only have to suspend the belief that children of average height have springs on their feet to jump that height in a professional dunk. <Br /> <br /> It's a pity too that the amount of games was only a handful, with time devoted to many subplots, but each of them developed straightforwardly and entered and left the story whenever they pleased. Things like Shi-jie's abandoned search of basketball games for their parents to attend one day, the penetration of gang members and influence games, and their love life with Charlene Choi in another vase paper flowers to look good and act. nothing else. Everyone is acting too well, leaving little space for the main characters to add depth. One of the key issues here is the understanding of the importance of teamwork rather than individual talent and ability, and it could have been much more solid if the players themselves interacted much more off the field, than just in this, and during competitive games, apart from the high and friendly passes. <br /> <br /> With a budget of US $ 10 million, it is easy to see where the money went: the effects, in particular, a massive fantasy sequence in A Crucial Point in the Film. It's pretty impeccable, nice to watch and probably justifiable just for its quality, but again I like to emphasize that, even without those elements, the basketball maneuvers themselves would make this a decent movie with clever basketball moves. And having Jay Chou playing for his team is a big boost to any hope of success at the box office.
