The great Vincent Price has made many fantastic horror films, some of which are among the best genre gems of all time. Price's greatest achievements were undoubtedly his films in the 1960s, with films such as Roger Corman's brilliant Poe cycle (which remains the greatest horror cycle of all time), Michael Reeves' "Witchfinder General" (1968). ) or "The Last Man on Earth" (1964) marking the highlights of this brilliant man's career. The films that made the famous man and, therefore, turned him into the icon of the immortal horror that is, nevertheless go back to the 50s, with "House of Wax" (1953) marking his rise to stardom. "The Mad Magician" of 1954 follows a plot that is very similar to that of its successful predecessor. However, this does not mean that this film is not an original gem, deliciously macabre and absolutely wonderful. As the previous lines may suggest, Vincent Price is my favorite actor and, although I personally do not allow myself to lose anything in what the man has been, none of my fellow man fanatics can miss this little gem. <br /> <br /> Price plays Don Galico (also known as Galico the Great), an underestimated master magician and inventor of magical devices, whose boss, a shoddy businessman, stole his wife (Eva Gabor). When the boss removes one of Galico's ingenious inventions and gives it to his rival, the Great Rinaldi (John Emery), Galico makes a snap, and begins a wave of murderous revenge ... <br /> <br /> We do not. Do you love Vincent Price when he's in for revenge? Some of his most famous and famous films such as "The Abominable Dr. Phibes" (1971) or "Theater of Blood" (1973) were about absurd and deliciously gruesome murders of revenge, and this previous movie in his horror career is another test Nobody will come as Vincent Price does. This film offers a wonderfully eccentric leadership role for Price, who, as always, offers brilliant performance and guarantees 70 minutes of outrageously amusing and macabre entertainment for all Horror fans. Another must see for my fellow Price fans.
