Lost, probably the best television series ever made. the story is intelligent and when all your questions are answered when you watch an episode, 100 more are generated. If the loss can continue, they are magnificent ways and do not get too carried away, then the best show in history will be stapled. Survivors of a plane crash are forced to live together on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses unique threats. After reading this, how on earth can it be interesting? and here is your answer, every season SO FAR has always been full of surprises, you are always questioning why it just happened and what will happen each time, very unexpected things happen and the story continues wonderfully. The series simply absorbs you, is chilling and very addictive, everything, from the wonderful creators and the magnificent performances of the cast, create a very credible story. Lost is simply amazing, amazing, highly entertaining, first class, and at best. How do you want to put it? <br /> <br /> Lost beat is another show for a landslide. And if you hate or criticize Lost, you do not know how to watch television or watch the drama. Lost simply does not disappoint, one would think that a series that continues for so long can not continue to improve. But he does! It just keeps flowing, it's different from anything you can think of. "Everything happens for a reason." And that really shows up in the series. Eventually, it will reach a point where all the clues and everything that happened or is being done adds up. You will feel and you will notice how the characters have changed and how and why everything happens. <br /> <br /> The 10 minutes of emotion: you see something that you did not see coming, something important has happened to the character or on the island. There is hope somewhere. You see an important turn that can or will change everything. You listen to the emotion of your thought, you wonder what will happen next. Your heart beating The 30 minutes of brilliance: you see impeccable scenes, you increase the tension, you listen to wonderful music by Michael Giacchino. You see great flash backs, awesome performance. You will see ingenuity, a chilling atmosphere, which then becomes tension again. <br /> <br /> Everyone has shown that they are also addicted, that they do not get tired, that they admire every minute and can 'Wait for the next episode, they talk about 24/7. Also me and many others is this series. Lost. Once you start looking, you will not have enough. The creators did an impeccable job. Lost is completely unique and original, you will not see anything like it. The smart idea of ​​"flashbacks and flashforwards" and something important and different in each season stinks your thoughts. Would you ever make a series like "LOST"? Something so interesting and something that you will always remember. It has simply stunned the world when it hit t.v. A new generation of drama / science fiction. An instant classic before it reached the spectators. <br /> <br /> I'm sure everyone has heard about Lost and its 5-star reviews, and your annoying friend will not stop telling you about it. By not seeing it? <br /> <br /> Each episode leads to something new and simply keeps improving and improving, as you go, you become more interested in the things you learn on the island. I would not even think about it. The characters begin to be very nice, and if you like the critics, you would like to see Lost in more detail, for example, how the relationship between the characters develops and how they learn the ways of seeing and taking on the challenges of the island. All together is a great drama and an impeccable series. I guess we all hope that lost do not have a fall in the episodes that come and go far ... so if you do not see them lost, read the comment from the top again and you should change your mind. Seeing to believe, so until you start seeing, you'll never know. I recommend this masterpiece of the series: LOST! start to look! You have not seen anything until you see yourself LOST !!!
