Working on this film when it was made in the summer of 1990. Shot partly in Biltmore Estate in Asheville, North Carolina and the remaining parts in Winston-Salem. The massive offices of RJ Reynolds were used in various scenes of offices and places around the beautiful city that is known as the world capital of tulips, Winston-Salem. I enjoyed my work, although it was extremely hard to build all the sets like the Mexico Golf where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went to their appointment. I also participated in the decoration of the bar where Larry meets the magical bartender Mr. Destiny. I placed all those pictures on the wall of the sports heroes and decorated that phone booth where Larry makes a call to ask for a taxi. I even put my mother's picture at eye level so I could freeze it and show it when we saw it. I remember having dyed the grass in his old house with green tint because it had to be soaked first (it was a new house in a new development and I guess they leased it for the film) ... then I had to cut that newly laid out plot so that it see well ... man that was difficult! As for the film, when we did it we had no idea what it would be like, but after seeing it I fell in love with it because it really tells the story of "what if" as good as I had seen it, including the great one is a wonderful life . I cried so many times <br /> <br /> I can not count. I got to meet the wonderful actor Michael Caine while filming scenes in an old minor league baseball stadium where the scenes of Larry's childhood were reproduced and reproduced. I remember that after he had made a decision and was returning to his trailer, I ran over him, I asked him for a picture, he was very kind and he said "why not?". He is a good guy and a really natural and forceful actor. I can not say the same about Jim Belushi ... he was so full of himself, smoking big Cuban cigars and talking loudly so everyone could hear every word. His career never took off, but he has recently had a decent career in television. I would say you see this movie if you ever have the chance. It is wonderful and really sincere and real. You can feel Larry's pain after entering the new world that Mr. Destiny gives him after hitting the home run, and how he wants people to believe that it's not so bad, everyone thinks he is. Everyone thinks he belongs to an insane asylum! But eventually he wins people, but by then he wants his real life to come back so badly, especially to his wonderful wife, played so beautifully by Linda Hamilton ... and he wants his dog to come back! So see it.
