While the original version of 1932, with Preston Foster, was good, there is no more valuable remake than this 1959, or more impossible to find anywhere, just when I suspect that Mickey Rooney had something to do with that. Never a mere performance could have been so brilliantly brilliant, nor a script so suggestive, as an improvement on the original. Many years after the last of my several presentations of this film, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney was recounting a visit he had made to death row, and that apparently had drastically eliminated any meaning of personal identification that you have seen. I felt with people in similar circumstances. The article was as brief as the main character here, and it did not cover much, apart from the extent to which his extreme disillusionment with the quality of the inmates themselves had been emphasized, even in a language that I would not like to mention explicitly here. . . . . . One of my main problems with capital punishment is that, of course, it is not applied impartially and impartially, just as many innocent people are too careless, so they are sent unnecessarily to face this particular fate. Another problem I have with him is that he does not apply quickly enough or, in fact, even public enough! The Bible makes a special point, in such cases, on one of the most important purposes of the same, as a deterrent, be ineffectively hidden, less, not only a public display, but also the direct participation of all. As for those who claim to demonstrate, statistically, that this is not an effective impediment? In addition to having a problem about the reliability of your data, I have few objective doubts, if any, among other things now due to the lack of this type of deterrence. However, I have a problem about the fact that Robert Duvall, in The Apostle, had been punished at all, for his particular "crime", or that the only hope of indulgence for someone like him would have to be based on a Defense of " temporary madness, "as if that served as the only acceptable excuse in his case type. . . . In addition to other questions related to Mickey Rooney's motives for that particular visit I had told, and the answers I can only try to speculate, I suspect that the main one had been decidedly religious in nature. I do not know exactly when he became the professing Christian, now he makes a special point, whenever possible, to emphasize what he is; but, as everyone should know, this particular category of people tends to be the most vehement when it comes to drawing blood, when it comes to extracting an eye through an eye. However, I have no particular doubt about that, per se, just as there is no doubt, biblically speaking, that not all, and perhaps not even most, will save themselves the same final destiny, at the hands of the Lord. same, as a result of his sacrifice on the cross. However, there is a problem, for me, about the spirit or attitude with which most professing Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for capital punishment; because, unlike the Lord himself, who would love to see everyone saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they seem to go out of their way to find reasons to condemn! . . . What most people, on both sides of this superlatively increasingly hot topic, do not seem to appreciate enough, is that the Lord is of a nature as dynamic and elusively gentle as He is difficult. The two sides of his nature seem to be so inherently incompatible as to mentally drive him crazy, at least for any strictly human consideration. However, no matter how terribly unbearable this miraculously dynamic mixture of water and oil is in His nature, there is no doubt that there is nothing less than that, or something fanatically and characteristically on one side or the other of this equation. inadequately and unacceptably short of all judicial truth. In fact, I have seen the greatest thirst for blood emerge on its own, in a contradictory way, on too many occasions, every time that the defenders of the death penalty categorically anti-death face, even in the most rationally balanced. ways, with the fact that, although the Lord died for all, not all will be saved. After all, to receive absolution, one must, to repeat the same term, reach and receive it, that is, repent (Luke 13: 3-5). Could something make more sense? . . . But, then, what about the Lord's command to forgive, even in the case of enemies, of those who despise them and persecute them without just cause or provocation? One of the difficulties that prevails too much with this kind of sentimentality, as it is popularly misinterpreted, is the way in which it obscures too much the real meaning of forgiveness. The act of forgiveness does not mean, in itself, the same as unconditionally excusing the one who is forgiven. When one has a clearly sober, rationally well-balanced vision here, from the perspective of God's own attitude, all that really amounts to a fervent desire for the forgiven to finally find his way, see the light and be granted. mercy. This attitude is, of course, the opposite of, say, Jonah's, who really resented when God told him that his preaching to the people of Nineveh would lead to his repentance. Jonah did not want them to repent, but wished vengefully that they were destroyed. How self-justified, cold-blooded, like most professing Christians, except that even their reasons were undoubtedly better than most! I envy Jonah almost as much as I do! However, without the repentance of the one who has been forgiven, any forgiveness he may receive from a genuine Christian will not do him any good. In that case, the only one who benefits is the true Christian himself!
