The city of New York houses a man above all others, the possibly immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is the jury protector of humanity, using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival, Kabal, chained so that he does not enslave the human race. Well, would not you know? A prophecy comes true and Kabal is liberated, and begins to collect elements (such as platinum and uranium) for his alchemy experiments. With the help of a policewoman named Sam, can Mordrid defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Mordrid" comes to me courtesy of Charles Band in the Full Moon Archive Collection. I had not heard of that, which is a bit strange since I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and the movie is not that old. But now it's mine and I can enjoy it again and again. The movie is definitely fun in the classic full moon style. Richard Band provides the music (which does not differ much from all his other scores) and Brian Thompson plays the evil Kabal. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What else do you want? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt that much of the movie was a scam of Dr. Strange's comics. And the blue pantsuit was silly. And the holes in the plot are everywhere (I could list at least five, but why bother). And why does the ancient symbol of Mordrid and Kabal look suspiciously like a hammer and sickle? Combs has never been a strong actor, so it fits perfectly with cheese. These are not complaints. Fans of the Full Moon expect these things and devour them as Grape Nuts. I'm guilty ... I loved this movie. <br /> <br /> If you're not a Full Moon fan, or a Jeffrey Combs fan ... you might want to look elsewhere. But if you like the style of creating movies and haircuts in the early 90's, you'll eat it. Stallone and Schwarzenegger fans may like to see Brian Thompson as a villain, who looks as crazy as ever and is not able to enunciate English beyond the third grade level. I do. I would like there to be a "Mordrid II", but the company that makes a sequel to practically everything (is "Gingerdead Man 3" really necessary?) It was approved in this case.
