I really enjoyed "Doctor Mordrid". This is a low budget movie, which may be unpleasant for some, but I have no problem with it. I admire it even more for that, considering that it is much more entertaining than the stupidity that Hollywood produces every year. Too bad this did not have a theatrical premiere; I do not know about anyone else, but I would have gone to see him in theaters. 'Doctor Mordrid' is a very entertaining science fiction movie that almost anyone can enjoy, especially if they like science fiction like me. I do not see why this is an R-rated movie; only one word is said, and there are no dreadful death scenes, nor is there blood at all. The eternal rivalry between sorcerers Anton and Kabal (Anton wanted to use his powers to save the human race, while Kabal wanted to enslave them), gave the story a sense of enchantment, while the mythical plot added charm to the story in yes. Basically, this is a movie that is simply fun to watch. However, there is one unintentional funny thing in this movie: see Jeffrey Combs with a serious face while wearing that silly blue cape and suit. That makes me laugh every time I see it. But I digress ... Anyway, the acting is great; The main characters (Anton and his friend Samantha) are very nice; Anton is friendly and hospitable, and Samantha is friendly. Also, the settings were wonderful. The floating island in the other dimension was a very cool configuration; However, we are only given a look at this twice; It would have been great to see more scenes happening here. The main setting was also very clean; Anton's apartment is very spacious, and has some great devices, especially the monitoring system he uses to keep track of world events. He even has a pet raven he keeps in his apartment called Edgar. In general, this is a great movie; It was fun to watch, and the main actors expressed their roles a lot. If you can find anywhere you rent "Doctor Mordrid", you must rent it (or, in my case, buy it - it was definitely money well spent)! <br /> <br /> My rating: 8 stars out of ten. <br /> <br />
