The film "Holly" is the story of a young girl who has been sold by her poor family and who has smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous red village "K11". In the film, Holly is waiting to be sold with a prize for her virginity when she meets Patrick, who is losing money and friends through gambling and bar fights. Patrick and Holly have an immediate link about their "stubbornness", but all this is interrupted when Holly sells herself to a child smuggler and disappears. As spectators of the film, we set out to find Patrick to find Holly again. Holly then shows her willingness to abandon this lifestyle, but her confusion about what is right and what is wrong. "Holly" takes us through the beautiful and hard Cambodia while discovering that HOLLY is not just a girl. She is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and raped every year without rights or protection. <br /> <br /> Holly is less extreme than her subject might suggest, such as documentaries involving 4-year-olds and sex trafficking, but she manages to shed considerable light on child trafficking in Cambodia / Vietnam towards prostitution. It is a moving story that helps shed light on the horrible situation that many children face and their struggles to trust and realize what is right and what is wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick, the antagonist of the movie is an American. dealer of stolen artifacts who is also losing money and friends while playing cards and getting into bar fights. On a trip, his motorcycle runs out of fuel and he is forced to rent a room in a brothel. During his stay, he meets Holly, a twelve-year-old girl who has been sold by her parents and is being abducted in slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding. Discover an intelligent and stubborn girl under the traumatized exterior and determined to save her, although her strictly platonic relationship is misinterpreted by almost everyone who meets. When she suddenly disappears, he begins a journey to locate her, without thinking whether he can really help her. <br /> <br /> Holly can escape on her way to another brothel, when she jumps out of the truck. and it runs in a field full of mines. A mine is activated by a cow and the truck driver thinks it is dead, so Holly is left alone. During Patrick's trip to find Holly, he meets a social worker who tries to talk to him and shares the facts with him that torment the Cambodia region. The idea of ​​paying for their freedom simply feeds the demand, he explains: 30,000 children who practice prostitution in Cambodia: next year it could be 60,000. "I'm not trying to save 60,000," he says to her, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​taking her to a safe place quickly subsides when the social worker tells her that EE. UU It will not let him adopt and, although it takes five minutes to "save" a girl, it takes five years to reintegrate her. in society Patrick is not affected by the information and continues his search to find Holly. <br /> <br /> The audience is shown that Holly arrives in a small town and looks for food with other homeless children. Then, a local police makes her friend and seems little better than the criminals with a badge, when they sell it to another brothel and then they make a deal to a Vietnamese businessman who then takes his virginity. Holly then seems to think that this is her destiny and when Patrick finally finds her, she is willing to "yum yum" and "boom boom" to her distant friend. Patrick is completely confused by this change in behavior, but he is not dissuaded in his plan to get her out of this world. In the end, he steals her and takes her to a safe land in the comfort of the social worker. Holly is given clean clothes, if she feeds and takes her to a dance class, but is forbidden to see Patrick. This intense longing to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship, runs away from the safe house and returns to the streets of Cambodia. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Patrick is grappling with the decision to leave the country and flee. To the United States or to stay in Cambodia. His thoughts continue to return to Holly and during a visit to a bar; An older man sees the image he is holding and comments on his sexual appetite when he had sex with her. This infuriates Patrick and he hits the man and runs out of the bar. Finally, the police catch Patrick in the eyes of Holly, who hides behind a post. <br /> <br /> The movie "Holly" can make the audience want to donate money to organizations that improve the lives of these poor young people, and even a campaign to reduce the number of brothels in the region, but the dramatic weaknesses of the film can reduce your chances of being seen by enough people to make a difference. In general, I think the concept is better as a documentary and it was not as moving as a movie. The actors did a great job of showing their raw emotion and the real confusion of the young people who are affected by this lifestyle, but in the end, the rough lifestyle of the region and the desperate notions of the parents selling to your children to defend their interests. Starvation itself does nothing to help children's situations.
