After enjoying this show for years, I used to dream of being able to see them all again and share them with my grandchildren. I am very happy to pay a small amount for the memories I have found recorded on DVD. Florida was a loving mother with a loving and hardworking husband, a beautiful spoiled daughter and two children as different as day and night. Michael, the baby is a freedom walker and JJ is a clown. I know that many African-Americans did not like this program, but I know that many can relate and should have accepted it as it was. My heart was sad when I knew that Ester Rolle had passed. Tyler Perry is now the most important actor and writer of today and I support his work, but not so much since he mocked Rolle in one of his works. No one should have to hear bad things about physical appearance. The show began to be less interesting when dad James died. She recovered a little when Florida remarried, but collapsed when she missed the show. In general, the show was excellent and, again, I am pleased to have copies of part of my past. I try to keep up with the work of the old stars of Good Times, and I must say that they are a group that has not been erased from rumors. I think today's children will enjoy this show and I have no problem sitting and watching with children. Congratulations to the writer, the team and the stars for years of renewed memories of a moment that once again I can enjoy without having to skip scenes. <br /> <br /> OK, so I watch the shows again and again. Lately I've noticed something that has made me rethink the series, but I do not dislike. I think Florida was a bit harsh when it came to the money kids earned. It's not that the children did not need supervision, but it was done in a way that makes Florida's motherhood different. The scenes in which Florida had to talk about how other people were not very attractive worry me now. When James was alive, the show became something important when James wanted to have his own Fix-it store, but he never lived to see his family outside of the projects, but Florida marries someone who has a fix-store. Item. A bit of a slap in the face to an actor who should have ended his time in Good Times proving that he achieved everything he was looking for. Finally, while I watch the programs, I see that the series arrives at extra hours and it is renamed "JJ". To be honest, after James left everything centered mainly around JJ. It's not a bad thing, just a remarkable thing. I would not trade my DVDs for any amount of money, but time, maturity and experience began to guide your eyes after a while.
