When people think of downtown Chicago, think of Walter Payton, Ditka and "Da Bears", Ryne Sandberg, The White Sox breaking the curse in 2005 or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and MVP finals) with the Bulls of Chicago. Rarely in this generation do people think about the difficult side of Chicago, the ghettos, the drug-infested streets and the life in urban housing projects during the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the programs The most formidable television show in history and an innovative comedy was "Good Times", which I vaguely recall as a little kid on CBS, and I enjoy regularly now on TV Land. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" was another classic by Norman Lear, the producer who gave us "The Jeffersons", the best African-American comedy of all time and "All in the Family" the best show of all time. The "good times" brought to light the difficulties of the ghetto and urban housing projects, and they did it with charm, well-written and well-thought conspiracies, and some wonderful performances, especially by the matriarch and the patriarch of this family. ghetto played by Esther Rolle and John. Amos The children in the cast of support were also quite good, especially the ever popular Janet Jackson in his early years and Ralph Carter as the youngest son of Florida and James Evans whose character at an early age realizes that life is unfair, and he has to learn to stand up. Your own feet <br /> <br /> The eldest of the children JJ played by Jimmy Walker is somewhat misplaced in this program and is mainly for comic relief. His emotional age is about 11 or 12 years, although he looks like a boy in his twenties. J.J. it becomes annoying, and it's a credit to James Evans (Amos), often nasty, who never tells J.J. to get his own life, get a job and leave home. J.J. He is an aspiring painter, but unlike his younger brother, he never takes seriously the possibility of obtaining a university degree, or what is more important for the family is to get a job to help support a family that is just around the corner. above the welfare state. <br /> <br /> Two classic episodes Good Times was in which the character of Janet Jackson has a fever of 104, and Florida Evans is desperately looking for good medical help for her. He can not afford anything more than a clinic doctor who is very professional but does not want to give an answer. Family projects more attention than you legally have to do. The other episode is one in which James Evans can not pay the rent of a negligible $ 104 per month. The Evans are about to get the biggest of the family setbacks, being kicked out of the projects and with nowhere to go. Florida Evans goes downtown to the social services board to try to get a loan or grant to help her family. But the government does not consider their family to be poor because they have more than $ 4,200 in assets for a family of five, which is unfair but unfortunately is legally above the poverty line. James and the children want to rush for the money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and does not want to do anything dishonest, no matter how serious their situation. In the end, the family finds a solution to keep their heads above water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times", a classic show from the 1970s tries to keep your head above water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans work hard in low-status jobs to try to educate their children well and avoid the social stigma of well-being. I was too young to understand the comedy message as a small child in the 70s on its first CBS broadcast, but I really enjoy the replays on TV Land in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic comedies from back in the day.
