This show was a milestone in the American comedy, as it was the first comedy starring an African-American cast. Unfortunately, although it was never broadcast on British television. <br /> <br /> The Evans family is a poor African-American family living in a tower. His father is James, he tries to run the house, but his wife Florida always gets over it. The three children are the artistic JJ, the ill-tempered Thelma and the young intellectual Michael. Always entering the house is Willona, ​​a gossiping friend from Florida. <br /> <br /> I watched two episodes of this program on YouTube (Black Jesus and Sex and Evans Family, the only two on the site). You may be thinking why a viewer in English has seen a series that has never been seen or heard in their country. The answer is the following. In 1976, the first black comedy of Great Britain was called "The Fosters". Only two series were made and now it seems that they are forgotten. But I saw an episode and I was really impressed. Then I learned that the scripts were identical to "Good Times." They were exactly the same characters but with different names: Sam Foster was the dad, his wife was Pearl Foster and the three sons were Sonny (a young Lenny Henry), Shirley and Benjamin. Pearl's gossiping friend was Vilma. (To read about The Fosters, I've written a review about that). While looking at "Good Times" I was only bothered by two things. First was the melody of the opening theme (horrible) and second was the laughter of the audience. I like the laughter of the audience, but in this someone would say a line a little funny and the audience would go crazy and begin to applaud. Apart from that it was a very funny show. We hope that more episodes will appear on YouTube and hopefully someone will release "The Fosters" on DVD in England. <br /> <br /> Best Episode: Sex and the Family Evans - Series 1 Episode 6. Foster's episode was called Sex in the Black Community. The other episode I saw, Black Jesus was the title of an episode of "The Fosters"
