Forbidden Planet represents the kind of science fiction that is precious in movies, especially in the fifties. There was The Day the Earth Stopped and the War of the Worlds, but let's not forget this gem that took part of its history from Shakespeare's Storm to tell a story of astronauts on a planet that has a doctor who has made a remarkable penetration . It is the kind of breakthrough that is not so incredible to see (although by 1956 it seems quite surprising to see some of those sets and that gigantic machine the doctor creates), but with its emphasis on the characters and their technology themes taken too far by the most primitive side of human nature, even when we do not know that we are channeling it. <br /> <br /> On the surface, that is, in the first ten minutes, it seems standard, if A little more professionally acted and directed with better skill than the B-series films of the time. An astronaut ship is on a mission on the planet Altair-4 to recover an expedition that disappeared decades earlier. But the only one left is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, who were somehow immune to an attack that left everyone else dead. Morbius seems to be a cordial and very intelligent man, and his technology seems to be so impressive that the only thing that astronauts, led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), can think of doing is inform their superiors on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a trap: something is killing the crew members of the ship, one by one, every night, even when the others watch and then place an invisible electric fence, that The something invisible passes easily. Meanwhile, it is possible that there is some romance between the boss and Alraira, and there is a more aggressive vibration of the doctor: you should not have come to the planet to begin with, and now you must leave. What happens from this is even more fascinating, only on a purely intellectual level, but Forbidden Planet never forgets that its audience should also be entertained with this story while getting some useful ideas. While everyone can remember Robbie the Robot, and for good reason, perhaps the most unforgettable image for me is the monster made on the screen with the team shooting in vain, animated with red electricity and with such a beastly appearance that it looks outside of Fantasia. <br /> <br /> Pidgeon's performance is subtle: you would not expect him to be a villain, although there is something about the character and the performance that talks about this, and in the end it makes the character very far away. more complex than one would expect. And the other performances are professional but also excellent, from Nielsen as a born leader to Holliman providing a great comic relief like Cook (who, I must add, helps with one of the funniest scenes in the movie with those gallons of bourbon that Robbie provides). And the effects for his time are extraordinary (sophisticated in a nostalgic form of pulp for today too), and music, made by electronics, is beautiful in its "tones". But, ultimately, it's the script and the careful direction of Hilcox that puts this level above the rest of the B-movie. When it's meant to be fun, it's intentionally and it works. When it is dramatic, it connects quite well even in its difficult moments with the actors. And when we are made to think of a horrible situation, it presents itself gradually, with nuances, it does not get in our faces or we are injected with a mega action. <br /> <br /> An inspiration for many other science fiction movies, and a good marker for thoughtful stories and sci-fi books of yesteryear, is a classy and entertaining classic.
