I must say that from the beginning there are many, many things that I love about 'Forbidden Planet' and yes, I certainly consider it a 'classic' science fiction movie for many reasons. But, in my opinion, the flattery he has received over the years is a little exaggerated. No less an authority than Leonard Maltin says 'Forbidden Planet' "... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of its genre." Ambitious? Definitely. Smart? It depends on what part of the movie you're talking about. Of course, it was the most prestigious science fiction film with the highest budget until that moment. With a cost of almost $ 2 million (this was in 1956, remember), MGM did everything possible to produce a dazzling and dazzling adventure in outer space unlike anything that had been seen before on the big screen, even employing to artists of the Disney studio for some. Of the most elaborate special effects. "Enchanting" is not usually a word used to describe special effects in science fiction movies, but it is the one that seems most appropriate here. Even the dreaded 'Monster from the Id' is just a cartoon figure well represented by the people of Disney, which probably will not scare anyone over 8 years old. When I see the different sets and take note of the artistic design, models, costumes, I do not remember anything as much as 'The Wizard of Oz', with its magnificently saturated colors and elaborate effects, although not always convincing. So much work has been devoted to these films that one is inclined to smile with admiration for the effort in spite of everything. "Forbidden planet" is wonderful to see. The scenes take place in obvious scenarios that are fabulously decorated, with matte paintings of planets and spaces in the background, and miniature sand dunes of intricate design, etc., to give the illusion of depth. It's a bit like watching the most elaborate play you've ever seen. The most credible and convincing scenes are probably those found inside the huge Krell complex, where the shots that show the vast depth and breadth of this interior space are well made and believable. But then we get to the actors, damn it. The performances are almost uniformly horrible, although, to be fair, we must say that the dialogue almost never exceeds the level of humor of the teenagers in the locker room, except for some passages of hardly adequate scientific technology. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon is reduced to a performance so hammy, sometimes it is gloomy. A very young Leslie Nielsen plays the commander of spacecraft J.J. Adams, and does not convey an ounce of credibility or conviction throughout the film. He seems to know instinctively, thirty years before, that his true strength is in comedy, since sometimes he seems to be barely able to keep a serious face reciting his lines. Every forced reaction, whether anger or passion or solemn meditation, seems to be taken from a high school play. Anne Francis, also very young, is doing a little better as the supposedly innocent Alta, whom we believe has never seen a human man more than his father until the crew of the spaceship appears. (Alta Morbius, now there is a name for you). Unfortunately, even at this early age, Anne Francis seems as virgin and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in "Butterfield 8". Here's a good story, buried somewhere below the comrades' comments about Alta and another juvenile subplot regarding the "cookie" of Earl Holliman, the ship's cook. (Holliman also presents a horrible performance, I guess all these actors went directly from this movie to the acting school). Based on "The Tempest" by Shakespeare, the story of a dead race, the Krell and the fantastic world of machines. What they leave behind is what most people tend to remember about 'Forbidden Planet', and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget about the rest of the film and be dazzled by Disney artists' conception of Krell's underground complex. Is it enough to make up for the rest of the film's shortcomings? You will have to decide that on your own. Oh, and of course, there is Robby the Robot, the idea of ​​every robot of the 50s of the 50s of how a robot should look and speak. He is funny. In places. So, 'Forbidden Planet' for me is a very, very mixed bag. He deserves the credit for being the inspiration for a whole wave of science fiction movies and television shows that followed, among them, 'Star Trek'. But I would suggest that anyone who thinks it's more than well-prepared comics science fiction, come back and see it again.
