Like others in this forum, when "Fobidden Planet" was offered in 1956, I hurried to see it. This story is an interesting phenomenon that I suggest because young people, old people, men, women, science fiction experts and people who find this type of output "can all follow and enjoy the story and the plot of this film This is the first film set on a planet other than Earth in the 20th century, apart from series like "Flash Gordon." Leslie Nielsen was vocally a little weak because of her role, at the time, but Walter Pigeon, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holliman and especially Warren Stevens defended themselves very well.There are many visual splendors in this, it is difficult to choose a favorite from the scenes of the film.The approach to Altair-4, the starship itself, the landing on the alien surface of the planet, the descent through extensor stairs, the first view of the landscape, the approach of the rocket, the house of Dr. Morbius seen from outside and from inside , the underground complex and its wonders, the configuration of the armament, the battle with the monster, the final approach The invisible destroyer, the escape of the condemned planet: all these scenes are recorded in the mind of the spectator because we discover them together with the participants. The literary script of veteran Cyril Hume was filmed intelligently by director Fred McLeod Wilcox with clarity and imagination. It is a shock to realize that there is no music at all; The film is carried by the words, the actors and the story of the revelation of the mystery. You can see it again and again with pleasure, I've been doing it for almost fifty years. Until this famous and beloved film was created, no film had tried to imagine a world beyond Earth; and for decades afterwards, the ships crashed against the planet again, as if the imaginations of the writers were failing and causing the clashes. It is still the best, many say. That says something negative about the supposed imaginations of the intellectual leaders of this nation, and something very positive that I suggest about those who made this jewel.
