When you think about 1950s science fiction movies, think about the kind of B-films in black and white that were parodied in the old TV show Mystery Science Theater 3000. However, while there were many more movies like Plan 9 From Outer Space and Robot Monster that good movies, the 1950s had some very good, if not great, sci-fi movies, like The Day The Earth Stood Still, The Incredible Shrinking Man, Invasion Of The Body Snatchers, The War of the worlds and the otherworldly thing. However, the best of the group, for its literacy and production values, was undoubtedly MGM's first major foray into A level science fiction, Forbidden Planet, released in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film, directed by Fred M. Wilcox, who had the special effects of the state of the art and received a very good screenplay by Cyril Hume, from a screen treatment called Fatal Planet, by Irving Block and Allen Adler, who adapted some aspects of William's The Tempest Shakespeare <br /> <br /> The film drew praise when it was released, for its special effects nominated for the Oscar, its music of electronic music, Louis and Bebe Barron (although it is attributed as Electronic Tonalities, to avoid the fees of the music guilds), vivid paintings in mate. inspired by Chesley Bonestell and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), which was animated by an animator, Joshua Meador, borrowed by the Walt Disney studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby The Robot, in his first film or television role. He later appeared in the film The Invisible Boy, included on this DVD as an extra, as well as several appearances on the sci-fi television shows of the 1960s The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery, and Lost In Space, with whose own robot It is often confusing, and a cameo in the 1984 movie Gremlins. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, but elegantly constructed, and full of comic aspects that read the forced aspect of the "love story" in the film. In the 23rd century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D- a flying saucer, led by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen, yes, was once an important man before his days in the Police Squadron), goes to the planet Altair IV, to investigate what happened to the crew of the Bellerophon, sent to the planet twenty years earlier . After a year of traveling, there they meet the only survivor of the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), the prosperous philologist, his beautiful blonde daughter, Altaira (Anne Francis), the character of Miranda in a miniskirt before of the 1960s., and Robby the Robot, the domestic servant who is the Californian counterpart. Morbius warns the crew of a mysterious force that killed Bellerophon's party in its first year, however, he was immune to it. In general, it is a technically good film, especially with some later projections and matte paintings, and the absurdity of the reactions of adults to the exploits of Timmy and Robby borders on a surrealistic absurdity of Dalian. However, it is evident that the filmmakers had no idea of ​​the sublime absurdity evoked by the film, since it is interpreted correctly, which makes it even more fun. As for the main feature? Forbidden Planet deserves all your congratulations. It is not a perfect movie, but it is a great way to spend a couple of hours, and much better than Star Wars, which although it was made twenty years later, seems much more antiquated and youthful. Only films like 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens and the first two films of Terminator have really equaled or exceeded this classic in depth and effects. <br /> <br /> It's worth knowing that, despite Forbidden. The "happy ending" of the planet, there is a possibility that the MOTI is also inactive within Alta, too. After all, she is her father's daughter, and had a nightmare even more vivid than her father when the MOTI attacked the ship for the second time. In addition, the film only shows the MOTI wisely once, and never shows the Krel, since imagination can always evoke fears greater than the best special effects. The film also makes good use of narrative ellipses to condense the story, something that much more realistic art films often do not do. Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that define and transcend their time, unlike other science fiction movies that were quite obvious allegories of the Cold War. Look at it and you'll agree, as well as sleep a little easier. But, even if he does not, there is still the scene of Anne Francis skinnydipping. Only that is timeless.
