The only thing I knew about this movie before I saw it was Robby The Robot. My preconceived idea was that it was another in a long line of cheesy sci-fi movies in which the 1950s stood out. How wrong I was. The big studio, the big budget and the great values ​​of production make this a strong contender, at least visually, for the best science fiction movie that comes out of the era. I qualify with the word visually, because "The War of the Worlds" is much darker and more terrifying than "Prohibited Planet", and probably fits better in the mold as a foray into foreign territory. <br /> <br /> What impressed me Immediately was the color version of the cinematography, followed by the complexity and scope of the details involved in the home and laboratory of Dr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon). But that was just the prelude to the icing on the cake, the underground labyrinth that served as Krell's fortress. It seemed that Krell's technology was even more advanced than, for example, the "Star Wars" technology. What made me consider, the audience of this movie when it premiered probably had the same kind of astonishment that the theater goers experienced in 1977 with SW, or in 1986 with "Aliens". Watching it on a big-screen TV in my living room offered me the same effect, and I'm pretty resistant to hyperbole. <br /> <br /> It is not too difficult to imagine the "Forbidden Planet" as a direct one. Antecedent of the television series 'Star Trek'; The same Gene Roddenberry declared that the film had a great impact on his vision for the show. Followers of that short-lived series will easily recognize the plot elements used here that appeared in 'Star Trek'. I had to make a double decision when the United Planets Cruiser C57-V men went to a transporter's room, while the riddle presented to Robby that created an impossibility of response was an element used at least two or three times in the series ST. <br /> <br /> Where the film definitely took a cerebral turn had to do with the idea of ​​'Id monsters'. The fact that Morbius used his subconscious mind to defend Altaire IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956, when all the other science fiction films of the time dealt with Martians or other grotesque space creatures. The film worked its subtle magic on this viewer by helping me to understand that Morbius was the protector of Altaire IV some time before Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) explained it. <br /> <br /> You know, looking at the calendar, the 2200 year is not that far away. This movie may be the one that really does it correctly in relation to exploring and living on other planets. However, I think they will have to find a more elegant version of Robby.
