I always feel so frustrated that most of the science fiction movies are really intergalactic westerns or war dramas. Even Star Wars, which is visually brilliant, has one of its central images, a "futuristic gang that could not shoot in a straight line". Imagine that you approach about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of them with an open shot, and get lost. <br /> <br /> I have read a lot of science fiction and I would like there to be more movies for the person who thinks. Forbidden Planet, one of the first of the genre, is still one of the best. The story is based on an extinct civilization, the Krell, which created machines that could increase the intelligence of any being by quantum leaps. Unfortunately, what they had not negotiated is that the brain is a center for other thoughts besides the intellectuals. The primitive aspect of the brain, the Id, as Freud called it, is left unchecked. It is released in the dream, a bad dream come to body existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius, is the one who has taken his brain to this level, and with it he has built machines and defenses that keep him barely one step ahead of the horrors of the recesses of his own mind. His thoughts are creating horrors that he will soon be unable to defend. The Krell, a very superior species, could not stop it; He destroyed them. The landing party has never been of great interest to me. The rest of the actors are quite interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and certainly would have produced a great reaction in the fifties in male adolescence. His father's anger is aggravated by his innocence and the astronauts of fifty-year-old wolves (because they look more like construction workers than real astronauts). They are always trying to find out "ladies". The cook is a great character, with his obsession with hooch. Robbie, the robot, has much more personality than most of the crew, and one wonders if Mr. Spock may not be a soulmate to the literal thinking of this artificial creature. The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is the star. Morbius can not go back and, therefore, is destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are few science fiction movies that are worth seeing more than once; This is one that can cost until the 21st century.
