I think "Anyway ..." is a great movie. Really. Tom Barman spent many years doing it, and it shows: every scene is polished, has a meaning, ... I think most agree with that. One thing that many people tend to criticize is the "lack" of history. I'm afraid that's an effect of being overwhelmed by the "traditional" narrative, all the time. I mean: what you can achieve with a book, you can not do it with a movie, what you can achieve with a movie, you can not do it just by telling a friend. The problem is that we are so used to movies, series, ... to be just a filmed version of a story; a visual recording of events, such as when you watch the news, that we expect each film to have these epic characteristics: a solid story with many unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people see on television news, movies, series, ... very unusual things, unique situations in life. And here, in "Anyway ...", there are unusual events, but not in the same way that the "big Hollywood explosion" does: the boy is fired, the couple is reunited, the car is stolen ... and, of course, very usual things. And that's strong: just being able to appreciate all that, that universe, that's art. And I agree that, above all, what can only be achieved in films, the environment created by the score and photography is central. But not as in traditional visual films (visual blockbusters like Matrix); It serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean, in every shot you feel the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and the urban lifestyle. And it does not make sense with this movie, like "learning" something from us; and he does not have a great story to tell with incredible twists on stage. It simply shows everyday people with their daily lives, shows a city, all with its good and bad sides and says: it's us, that's our city, that's life, let's enjoy it. Basically, "Anyway" is not just that super cool movie, but it also has a much stronger "message" (it's not explicit, maybe not even intentional) that most movies do, as they really try to convey a message. One drawback: now, we will have to wait five years to see the next picture of Barman, and everyone will expect much of that ...
