WRITTEN ON THE WIND, directed by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956, is like all films of the mid-50s of Sirk: pure melodrama. However, it is fascinating, it has a very developed melodrama, and the characteristic expression of Sirk's colors, the heartbeat, the barely repressed emotions, the symbolism and the juxtaposition of the classes make this a film to be desired. <br /> <br /> The film opens brilliantly, with four central characters and the plot that is being introduced as the credits continue rolling. Sirk uses a clever flashback structure to take us to his world ... <br /> <br /> Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are magnificent as the two "sons" of Hadley, Kyle and Marylee. He drinks and sleeps with women. She drinks and sleeps with men. Both are worth millions, thanks to Hadley's oil business. Hunky, but poor, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's lifelong friend and Marylee's dream lover. Enter this messy Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slender and attractive young woman who falls under Kyle's charms after he picks up a phone and blows her across the field one night. Mitch loves her too, but Kyle wins. They get married quickly, and Kyle stops drinking. But fate seems to be written in the wind, and it is not long before Marylee (who will have "Mitch", marriage or no marriage), a secret Mitch, the confused Lucy and the sad and drunk Kyle arrive. ... <br /> <br /> Malone is as wonderful as Marylee Hadley, who deserves the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. Steal all the scenes in which it is. Stack is almost as good, expanding the melodrama, while maintaining subtle and silent despair. Hudson and Bacall are much more limited than those two, but it is in keeping with the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So, what is all this melodrama about? Well, many things. Stack's powerful portrait of male inadequacy and fear, on the one hand. Sirk surrounds Stack with phallic symbols throughout the film. Look at his tiny little gun, the oil cranes and the last phallic symbol, Kyle's apparent inability to conceive children. Stack appears to be suffering from a massive male-dominated complex, made worse by his father's preference for Hudson, his sister's desire for Hudson and his suspicion that his wife is still with Hudson. With all this wealth, Kyle Hadley still ends up at the wrong end of town, buying cheap corn liquor as a "lazy". <br /> <br /> It's about impossible dreams, and having to let them go. The river where Kyle, Marylee and Mitch used to play when they were children is constantly referenced throughout the film, which symbolizes Kyle and (especially) Marylee's desire for the innocence and simplicity of youth. In an excellent melodramatic scene, perfectly separated by Malone, Marylee stops by the river and imagines herself as a child, with Mitch's voice-over telling Marylee that she will always be his girl. This is where Sirk hits a great emotional chord with the viewer. Who has not dreamed of going back to that special place in childhood? Who has not lived, at some time, in a precious memory? Who has not wanted something they could not have? And the last line of Hudson's film (yes, he does not get any dialogue in the last 10 minutes, only close-ups) remembers how "far we have come from the river, Marylee". Amazing.
