Director Douglas Sirk once said that "there is a very short distance between high art and trash, and the trash that contains madness is, by this same quality, closer to art." This statement perfectly defines his film, a very unique work that includes classic stage adaptations, adventures and war movies, westerns and, of course, his famous melodramas. <br /> <br /> Sirk's melodramas were, as the word itself means, dramas with music. The music marks the tone of his masterful style, and each stroke of his brush (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a powerful image on the screen converted into a canvas. But this is not life but its representation, an imitation of life. Sirk never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of the directors of his generation made better use of all the technical devices provided by Hollywood (especially Technicolor) to distinguish the artificial from the real. Recall that his golden period coincides with the time when Hollywood films focused on the social drama (Blackboard jungle, Rebel without cause). Sirk always knew that the cinema was destined to be something else. <br /> <br /> Another of Sirk's statements summarizes this: "You can not reach, or touch, the real." You have just seen the reflections, if you try to capture happiness itself, your fingers will only find the glass. I challenge anyone I have seen Written in the wind to count the number of mirrors and reflected images that appear on the screen, one ends up giving up. <br /> <br /> Therefore, we are in a room full of mirrors where there is no difference between the real and its fake copy No one can say that the Hadleys are real people, that city is not real either, with those horrendous oil pumps all over the place. it is affected, the decoration is false, the trick is visible, everything goes a little further from the limit (the sexual connotations of Dorothy Malone with the oil tower, for example) Sirk criticized and theorized at the same time. <br /> <br /> `The angles are the director's thoughts; n is his philosophy. ' In Written in the Wind we follow the fall of a traditional way of life, both geometrically and in terms of light and shadows. The house of Hadley, with its different levels connected by the spiral staircase, works in a strictly metaphorical way. A house that resembles a mausoleum, that no party can animate. As the tragedy progresses from the light of day to the night of shadows, Sirk's photography becomes an extension of the inner state of his characters, as well as the colors of the clothes they wear. In this way, the drama is incorporated into each element at the service of the director's office. <br /> <br /> Sirk considered himself a "story bender", because he inclined the standard material that was assigned to his style and purpose. Written in the wind is a good example. It would not work in any other hand. <br /> <br /> The other director who was using similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who was for the comedy of the 50 the same as Sirk for the melodrama. His films are full of the machinery of American life: advertising, televisions, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners, to represent their emptiness and decay. I am inclined to think that his films were considered differently by his contemporary audiences. The game was played by both sides, so it was the camp. Now we consider them as 'cult' or 'bizarre', because we are no longer those spectators. That is why the homage of Todd Haynes `Far from Heaven 'becomes a pastiche, because it reproduces Sirk's work today as if nothing had happened between them. Then, Sirk becomes exactly that painting that hangs in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the gardener discuss in the aforementioned film. <br /> <br /> Sirk perfectly understood the elements of melodrama. There were always immovable characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here) against whom I could gather a series of divided characters. Its balance through antithesis is remarkable and it is not surprising that we support the divided characters, because these are the ones that interest Sirk as well. When Robert Stack flies the plane and "tempts" Lauren Bacall with all kinds of mundane comforts of the world beneath them (obvious Faustian echoes), we are also strangely fascinated with him, as we are when the diabolical little nymphomaniac painfully evokes his past with Mitch just by the river. <br /> <br /> In Sirk's universe, the study that often imposes "happy ends" does not have a negative impact. In fact, they worked very well. Sirk was fond of the Greek tragedy and considered the happy end Deux ex machinea of ​​his time. Therefore, the final scene of the audience room fits well and we must also remember that the whole movie is told in flashback, so we know from the beginning that, however, the tragedy will fall on Hadley's dispute. <br /> <br /> It was pointed out The many similarities between Written in the wind with the Godfather saga. I totally agree and I am sure that the parallel is not incidental. Both share the theme of the old and powerful father father who tries to keep his empire going while protecting his family. The temperamental son played by Robert Stack has an incredible physical resemblance to Jimmy Caan's Sonny Corleone. The action of fighting against his sister's male friend is symmetrical. The non-son in whom the elder trusts is also common in both films, since both families bear the names of their city. Even the details like the door that gives access to the property and the surroundings of the house covered by leaves, suggest that Coppola had written in the wind in mind when establishing his masterpiece. Because both films deal with the issue of Power: the acquisition of power, its manipulation and its legacy (even the sterility of Kyle Hadley, the event that hastens agitation, is a subject easily linked to the central theme of Power, in this case , a weakness in sexual power). The other great movie that deals with power and uses American life as its representation is Citizen Kane. At first, one would not think of the similarities between the films of Welles and Sirk, but there are many, starting with the oil business as the origin of the family fortune and ending with the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), like Charles Foster Kane, he was adopted by a tutor, having his own father alive. Surprisingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) plays the parents of Wayne and Kane. This detail can not be a coincidence. <br /> <br /> Written in the wind is a masterpiece in all aspects, in execution and vision, in style and technique, a highlight in the career of this wonderful director. Some say that this is their best movie. In my opinion, "Magnificent obsession", "Everything that heaven allows", "There is always a tomorrow" and "The imitation of life" are just as good. And for those who put Sirk on the Dallas or Dinasty level, I do not wish them a happy ending.
