I saw this movie at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. To understand the comments of the previous critic, the claustrophobic feeling and the colors of the film is quite intentional and conveys the feeling of limited space, monotonous architecture, general monotony that constitutes the urban environment of most people in Eastern and Central Europe. A somewhat ramshackle housing project style is how you would describe it, and that is how many people live on the outskirts of larger cities. I can not say that I am familiar with Bucharest, Romania, where the action took place, but I have visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a student for a semester, my whole group had to drag their luggage seven floors down the stairs of a student building in poor condition, just like the heroine does when she moves with a woman, because the elevators did not work. But, I agree with the critic, that claustrophobia and dull colors are exaggerated, because there are certainly beautiful historic buildings, parks, squares that you can find in Bucharest or in any historical center of Eastern Europe, and Bucharest did not get many images in this movie. For me, seeing this film conveys well the claustrophobia I would feel during my half-year stay there, feeling trapped and limited. (It makes you see why someone would want to emigrate and find a better life, just like people would if they wanted to escape from an urban ghetto in the United States). <br /> <br /> Also, given the climate of homophobia, for example, Around the United States, in the 1980s, the two young women who fall in love are forced to keep their love as a very private affair ; Therefore, focus on your interaction in the apartment. <br /> <br /> It is remarkable and praiseworthy in my opinion that this bizarre thematic film was even made in Romania, and I find the previous critic's complaint about the poor film quite uninformed and condescending quality. It is unlikely that the director and the producer would get much support from the government and funds for their film, and they did the best they could with their limited resources. The actors were pretty good and credible; The dialogue was well done in general, and I was able to identify with these women. <br /> <br /> The film offers an additional twist to the forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, an energetic and fun free spirit. A dark and disturbing secret (his admiration and love for an abusive and incestuous brother, Sandu) falls in love with Alexandra, a brilliant, stylish and idealistic young woman who moves to Bucharest to begin her university studies. Opposites are attracted, and their personalities seem to complement each other, although there is some tension between the ambitious, studious and intellectual Alexandra and Kiki, who seems to be attending college to please their parents. Keeping your love hidden from your parents seems manageable, even if we do not understand the tension it requires, we do not see or find any other student, it's hard to believe, and the tension of keeping your love secret would have involved The main threat to your love is Kiki's brother and his difficulty in trying to intensify his relationship with him. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give her the strength she needs to finally strengthen this bond, does not it? That is the focus of the suspense of the film as the narrative develops, and I will not say how it ends. <br /> <br /> Ironically, the "disease" of Kiki's love is not love for another woman, but his illicitness. , incestuous love for his brother. Therefore, loving a woman offers the potential cure for the disease of loving a brother. <br /> <br /> Although this sensation of this film is suffocating and claustrophobic, too limited to the interactions between Kiki and Alexandra, it was still attractive and touching to watch, so I will give it a 7.
