Robert Stack never overcame the loss of an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Kyle in "Written on the Wind" in Anthony Quinn's 12-minute performance in "Lust for Life." Stack plays the alcoholic son of an oil tycoon, deeply disturbed. He has lived his life in the shadow of the friend with whom he grew up, Mitch, played by Rock Hudson. They love the same woman, Lucy, (Lauren Bacall), who becomes Kyle's wife. Kyle's sister, Marylee (Dorothy Malone), is a drunk slut who is in love with Mitch. His story unfolds in a glorious color under the able guidance of Douglas Sirk, who really dominated the field of melodrama with some incredible films, such as "Imitation of Life", "All That Heaven Alows", "Magnificent Obsession", and many others . br /> <br /> Make no mistake: this is a potboiler, and Stack and Dorothy Malone make the most of their roles, Malone won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. There is an incredible scene, mentioned in other commentaries, where he dances violently with loud music when his father collapses and dies on the stairs. We have been led to believe that Marylee sleeps with everyone, including the one who pumps the gas, because she is in love with Mitch. Mitch does not want to have anything to do with her. He is so in love with Lucy that, out of loyalty to Kyle, he wants to go to work in Iran to avoid temptation. I doubt he was so anxious to get there today, no matter how in love he is. <br /> <br /> Hudson and Bacall have the less exciting roles here. Hudson's Mitch is the good guy who's been cleaning Kyle's. A mess throughout her life, and Bacall is Mitch's wife who finds herself in a nightmare when her husband starts drinking again after a year of sobriety. Sirk focuses on the most volatile support players. <br /> <br /> In the hands of Sirk, "Written on the Wind" is an effective film, and the big scene towards the end of the mansion is particularly exciting. The director had a gift for this type of film, and although he had many imitators, he never had an equal.
