At the Academy Awards ceremony on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress for her torrid and exaggerated portrayal of a spoiled heiress of a Texas oil tycoon in WRITTEN ON THE WIND. The potboiler of 1956, adapted from the Robert Wilder novel, was a true three-ring circus that showed alcoholism, greed, impotence and nymphomania. <br /> <br /> Malone's performance as Marylee Hadley, a rich and lonely girl who picks up men to ease the pain of rejection from an old childhood sweetheart, was representative of the film as a whole. Fascinating to watch, even when resorting to the melodrama of the "most common denominator", WRITTEN ON THE WIND is, ultimately, the work of one man, the incredibly talented director Douglas Sirk, an emigrant from Germany before World War II , Weimar Germany, who abandoned his. The European theatrical heritage is behind a career in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Sirk, an extremely erudite man, made his name in the 1950s as the reliable director of the luxurious soap operas at Universal Studios, especially with Ross Hunter's productions. OF THE MAGNIFICENT OBSESSION, ALL THAT ALLOWS THE HEAVEN AND THE IMITATION OF LIFE. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith offered Sirk the opportunity to work outside the limiting limits of Universal's recreational entertainment and create a more "sensational" product for adults, hence the sensual WIND and its follow-up, the ABNITED ANGELS of 1957, both launched under the Universal International seal. . Anyone can guess why Sirk did not pursue more sublime themes, but apparently directing these exaggerated dramas appeals more to his artistic sensibility. WRITTEN ON THE WIND could be considered the epic telenovela of Sirk; in fact, it is as full of human vulnerability and neurosis as the one among the very rich that is as fascinating to watch as any real-life domestic dispute between the rich and famous, perhaps more so. Robert Stack (not an actor known for overexploitation) almost equals Malone in intensity with his offering of the weak brother Kyle Hadley, a mere shadow of his patriarchal father. When he finds out that he can not impregnate his new girlfriend (a beautiful leonine Lauren Bacall), Hadley gets out of the abyss, aggravating a serious drinking problem with a "secret" weapons fetish that threatens to turn him into a time bomb human . Both brother and sister, as venal and unpleasant as they are, are presented as victims of their past, giving them a human quality that makes them seem less monstrous (and much more interesting than the "good" side of the family, mainly Bacall and the incredibly handsome Rock Hudson, old friend of Hadley's childhood and business partner, a substitute son of Malone's elder and the object of unattainable desire.) Despite all the domestic co-dependence on display, it's not so much the story Here it is memorable because of the way it was filmed. With an authentic brushstroke for composition and pictorial editing, the director Sirk attracts his audience to this image with the most technicolor cinematography you can imagine: each shot of this film is a canvas full of saturated colors eyes. , from the sight of a pink Cadillac similar to a tank that approaches the enormous doors of a mansion to the shrill decoration of a luxurious Miami hotel, a spectrum of nuances almost blinding in its diversity. and the dramatic scenes show Sirk's adept use of slanted camera angles, dark lighting and cross-section editing, which is shown to have the greatest effect on the scene in which Malone, a rebellious drunk, dances uninhibitedly in her room upstairs, at the loud sound of a dresser while she The father climbs precariously the huge staircase; The scene is so fascinating that you swear that you are experiencing a great oedipal drama. What you are really seeing is a garbage of a hugely entertaining type, thickened in Technicolor and polished to perfection by a visual genius.
