The first time I saw this movie it was released in 1987 and it affected me a lot emotionally, through a combination of blame for what my fellow white human beings could do to innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities against the man. <Br /> <br /> Particularly moving was the funeral of Steve Biko, made even more vivid and convincing by the South African anthem that was playing at that time. For a long time I have believed that this film achieved what no one else had achieved: to open the eyes of the world to what was really happening in South Africa. I consider myself a normal and correct person and I can attest to how this film changed my way of thinking, not only about South Africa, but about how we, as whites, perceive blacks. I have never seen any difference between people of any color or creed, but after watching this film, I physically changed my life and spent the last 17 years living in a predominantly black country and helping many people to exceed their current standard of living and achieve it. . what they would not have thought possible. The best reward I can honestly say that I have received, for being able to say that, in my own way, I have contributed and I have corrected the balance a little. But if more people thought like me and really HAVE DONE something to help black people without seeking rewards, then the entire black population of this planet would be a little better. <br /> <br /> I challenge anyone who thinks correctly to see Cry Free yourself from start to finish and do not feel that emotion touching your heart when you witness the 700 schoolchildren who were brutally murdered in Sharpville for refusing to learn Afrikaans, the senseless murder of Steve Biko, a defender of the rights of his own people, and then, Ultimately, to understand that all this is not just a movie, even if it is magnificent, but that everything happened in reality and less than 30 years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie and then see if you can go out later and party hard. I could not. I was too upset to know the truth. That is the hallmark of a great movie. Obviously, it was Sir Richard Attenborough's intention to convey this message about South Africa. Of course he has achieved it. Unless you support apartheid. May God help you.
