What a brilliant movie. I admit that it is very ambitious, with the issue in question. In just over two and a half hours, it is also a very long movie. But none of these pointers are defects in any way. Cry Freedom, despite the small flaws it may have, is a powerful, moving and compelling film about the story of black activist Steve Biko in his struggle to awaken South Africa from the horrors of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. People have also complained that the movie does not have enough Woods Biko. I may be wrong, but even though it's Biko's story, it's told in Woods' perspective, so Woods is an important character to convey Biko's story to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom visually is amazing. With the impressive cinematography and the stunning South African landscape, it was a visual feast. The first scenes were specially shot brilliantly. The music of George Fenton brought a real dramatic weight to most of the scenes. It was subtle in the scenes of the second half, but moving and dramatic in the scenes of the crowd. The script was of exceptional quality, the scenes in the audience room with Biko were enough to make you think that it is a true quality. The first half with Biko as the main focus constantly had something to feel excited about, whether it was the police attack on the South African citizens or the death of Biko. The second half, completely on Donald Woods, has less of an emotional blow, but it is compensated by how it is fired, performed and written. And there are parts that are genuinely suspenseful too. <br /> <br /> The performances were exceptional of all the cast, from the smallest character to the two protagonists, there was not a single bad performance. Regardless of the accents, but it is forgiven so easily by what you attract the performances. Denzel Washington in one of his most unobtrusive performances, offers a truly convincing performance as Biko, and Kevin Kline proves that he can be as good at the drama as he is at comedy, as he gave a subtle performance suitable to match that of Washington. And the chemistry of the two men is credible and never touches a false note. Penelope Wilton is charming as Donald's wife, Wendy, and is a great actress anyway. Outside of the support actions, and there may be some bias, two stood out for me. One was Timothy West, who enjoys his role as Captain DeWet. The other was the always exceptional John Thaw in a role of brilliant and chilling role of Kruger. The direction of Lord Richard Attenborough is focused and constantly sensitive as usual. <br /> <br /> In general, a truly wonderful movie. It is ambitious and long, but it never fails to be convincing, powerful and moving. A definitive winner of Lord Richard Attenborough, and worthy of many more accolades. 10/10 Bethany Cox
