"The true story of friendship that shook South Africa and woke the world." <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough, who directed "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi", wanted to bring Steve Biko's story to life, and the journey and the problems that journalist Donald Woods went through to get his story told The film uses the two books of Wood for their information and base: "Biko" and "Asking for Trouble". <br /> <br /> The film takes place at the end of the 70s, in South Africa. South Africa is in the grip of the terrible apartheid, which keeps blacks separated from whites and classifies whites as the superior race. Blacks are forced to live in slums on the outskirts of cities and towns, and are frequently harassed by the police and army. They show us an early morning raid in a shanty town, while bulldozers and armed police force their way through the camp, hitting and even killing the inhabitants. Then they introduce us to Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), who is the editor of a popular newspaper. After posting a negative story about black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods goes to meet him. The two distrust each other at first, but soon they become good friends and Biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from the point of view of black people to Woods. This encourages Woods to speak out against what is happening around him, and makes him desperate to get the story of Steve Biko out of the clutches of the South Africa of the white man and the world. Soon, Steve Biko is arrested and dies in prison. Now Woods and his family dare to escape from South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book about Steve Biko and apartheid. <br /> <br /> When I first heard about "Cry Freedom", it was under the Impression that it was a film completely dedicated to the life of Steve Biko. I had never heard of Steve Biko before watching this movie, since the events in this movie were really before my time. But it has more to do with the story of Donald Woods and his trip across the border into Lesotho as he tried to elude South African officials. Woods was placed under house arrest for five years after Steve Biko was killed. Then, to publish his manuscript on Steve Biko, he had to escape. Because the manuscript would be considered treason in South Africa and that could have resulted in Woods fulfilling a similar fate to Biko. The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as advisers to this movie. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington only participated in the film for the first hour, and I was disappointed because I was waiting to see him for the whole movie. movie. But he was amazing like Steve Biko, and he captured his personality from what I read really well and his accent sounded perfect. His performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline offers an excellent and evocative performance as Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is excellent as his wife Wendy. <br /> <br /> The filming took place in Zimbabwe, since it goes without saying that problems arose when they tried to film it. In South Africa While they were in South Africa, the South African gestapo followed the film crew everywhere, so they got the bad vibes and retreated and went to neighboring Zimbabwe. In spite of everything, and the fact that apartheid did not end until seven years later, "Cry Freedom" was not banned in South Africa. But the cinemas that show the film received bomb threats. <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough brings to the screen the horrors of apartheid with extreme strength and determination. It does not stop at the end of the film when it shows what was supposed to be a peaceful protest by the students in a slum, it becomes a massacre when the police open fire on them. The film ends with the names of all the anti-apartheid activists who died in prison and the explanations of their deaths. Many had "There is no explanation". A few were "Epilepsia," which is hard to believe, and many more fell from the top of the stairs or were "Suicide from Hanging." No one will ever know what really happened to them, but I think it is fair to say that none of these men died in their own hands, but in the hands of others; Or to be more precise, at the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> "Cry Freedom" is a must-see movie for its interpretation and the story of Steve Biko. It is also a searing and devastating portrait of a beautiful divided land and the terrible attacks of racial segregation and violence.
