CRY FREEDOM is an excellent manual for those who want an overview of the cruelty of apartheid in just a couple of hours. The famous director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly no stranger to the genre, and the collaboration of Mr. and Mrs. Woods of real life, the main white characters in his book and in this film, gives greater authenticity to CRY FREEDOM. The video that is now published is actually published a little over 2 and a half hours since 23 minutes of additional images were inserted to turn it into a two-part television miniseries after the initial theatrical release of the film. While the additional length serves to enhance the forgivable failures of the film: the unequal development of the characters and the general stereotype in particular, another possible failure (the insistence on the fate of the white characters over that of the Africans) may become a stronghold. Seeing CRYING FREEDOM as an educational film politically and historically (as I think it should, for its artistic merits), history is a story that African blacks know very well, although the younger generation may now need to see it in the film for achieve a total impact. It is the whites who have always been the target audience for the film and the book, hopefully urging them to change. Now, twelve years after the production of the film, CRY FREEDOM is, in many ways, a more interesting movie to watch. Almost ten years after the rule of the black majority had been at least theoretically in place, the CRY FREEDOM ideals of 1987 remain largely unrealized. Therefore, it remains as imperative as ever for white South Africans, especially the youngest ones who have only heard of these actions to see and absorb the messages of the film. In total contrast to American slavery and the exposure of the Jewish Holocaust, the struggles of South Africans have been counted on only two or three stories: CRY FREEDOM, CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY (OK, count it twice if it includes the remake) and SARAFINA ( Did I miss one?). The three dramas also present American and British actors awkwardly on both white and black paper. No South African actor has played an important role, white, colored, Indian or black! And yes, I missed another international drama from South Africa, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this biographical film (also highly recommended) was published after the rule of the black majority was instituted, MANDELA was played by an American (Sidney Poitier, who also starred in the original song of CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY), while the Afrikaner DeKlerk was played by a (very bald) Michael Caine, very British, a good performance if you can discard that the very essence of Afrikanerdom are the vehement anti-British sentiments. Until SABC TV and the local African films begin to deal with their own legacy, CRY FREEDOM is the most authentic thing you will get. Although whites (particularly Afrikaners) are represented in the film, any observing (not casual) visitor from South Africa, even now in 1999, not to mention 1977, when CRY FREEDOM takes place, will generally find that the attitudes of Whites towards blacks are limited. , even underestimated. Looking at CRY FREEDOM in retrospect, it is surprising that reconciliation can take place, and it is. But CRY FREEDOM in time shows that many people still have not changed much, and that the African blacks goal of FREEDOM and reconciliation is still ongoing. Therefore, if you are a newbie in the situation, CRY FREEDOM is your best introduction.
