Somehow, The Wrath of Kriemhild overcomes the death of Siegfried, but also loses some of the greatness of that film. The plot of this is more cohesive than the first, which is quite surprising. The second half of the real poem is much more careless and much harder to traverse, until, that is, you get to the climactic battle scenes; Only the Iliad are better. Lang and Harbou embellished the Huns. The poet-compiler of Nibelungenlied did not know a Hun of his right ball and, as a result, they are, more or less, the same as the Burgundians in custom. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is Kriemhild's main concern when Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when he arrives in Hunland, the first thing he does is go to church. The Huns here are clearly pagans; They are almost like the caveman. The representation of them is hilarious, especially Verbal, the jester, who has two wonderful scenes. Etzel's character has received more weight. He is much more formidable. All he does is regret his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are experts in creating suspense, especially in the banquet scene, which is interspersed with Verbal's second performance with a surprising effect. However, as is the nature of this half of the poem, the film's amazing technical achievements are lacking in this, for the most part, except for a dazzling sequence where Etzel's room catches fire with the Nibelungs inside. The only thing I have to oppose is the way Harbou changes the ending. SPOILERS: in the poem, after Hildebrand captures Hagen and Gunther, they are imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen on his cell phone and asks him to reveal where the horde has hidden. He refuses and she decapitates her brother. When Hagen still refuses, she decapitates him. Hildebrand (or possibly Dietrich) is so upset that a woman could boast of killing a great warrior he, in turn, beheads her, calling her "Devil Woman." Etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than here, says something silly like: "Ah, me!" I can understand why they would want to maintain a unit of time and place while Hildebrand brings them from the castle; Keeping the prison configuration of the two deaths would make the film very anticlimactic. I also understand why they did not make Hildebrand kill Kriemhild: his character is very small here; His name is only mentioned once. But, for Kriemhild to commit suicide, adopting Brynhild's death from Icelandic sources, she is only attending to the audience instead of challenging her. The point of the poem is that Kriemhild's anger goes far beyond what it should in the realm of pure evil. Here, we simply make her die for her lost love. It is not so interesting.
