Please also see my comment on Die Nibelungen part 1: Siegfried. <br /> <br /> The second part of the gigantic production of the Nibelungen saga of the UFA studio continues in the stylized, symphonic and emotionally independent form of its predecessor. However, while the first part was a passionless description of individual acts of heroism, the second part is a chaotic description of large-scale indentation. <br /> <br /> As in the first part, director Fritz Lang maintains a continuous dynamic rhythm. with the rhythm of the action and the complexity of the shot composition rising and falling smoothly as required by the tone of each scene. These images should only be seen with the perfect note of Gottfried Huppertz, which fortunately is on the Kino DVD. Now, with this focus on mass action, Lang presents major challenges in the staging. The action sequences in their first features were often poorly constructed, but now they are simply part of that rhythmic flow, with the level of activity on the screen increasing like an orchestra. <br /> <br /> But only as part one did we see the adventures of Siegfried naturally and without enthusiasm, the second part presents the war as a devastating tragedy. In both images, there is a deliberate lack of emotional connection with the characters. That's why Lang almost always keeps the camera out of the action, not allowing us to feel that we're there (and this is significant because involving the public is usually a distinction of Lang's work). It is also why the performances are unnaturally theatrical, with the actors circling like constipated sleepwalkers. <br /> <br /> However, Kriemhild's revenge is constantly dealing with emotions and, in fact, is deeply humanistic. The moment of naturalism is when Atilla holds his son for the first time, and Lang really emphasizes the tenderness of this scene by building it with the wild and frantic journey of the hunters. The point is that Lang never manipulates us to take sides, and in that sense, this version has more in common with the original saga than with Wagner's opera. The culminating massacre is the antithesis of a moving battle scene. So, why Hitler and company? Do you have tearful eyes for that, a fact that has unfairly tarnished the reputation of these films? Because the Nazis' unwavering racial ideology made them automatically see the Nibelungs as good, even if they kill babies and betray their own relatives. For Hitler, his fall would always be a nationalist tragedy, not a human one. <br /> <br /> But for us, the non-Nazi spectators, what makes this image pleasant is its beautiful sense of the show and the musical rhythm. When you see these fully developed silent images of Lang, you realize how much was wasted in Hollywood. Instead of loading it with low budget potboilers, they should have put it to work in some of those sword and sandal epics, photos that do not have to be credible and do not have to move emotionally, where is the poetics. The operatic tonality that drags us.
