An "absurdly funny and incredibly human story of the jealousies and infidelities that surround a beetle marriage, the" Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora "of Russian animation pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz is" The Revenge of a Cameraman Cameraman ") is a delight of images , brimming with highly effective stop-motion puppets and no shortage of imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr. and Mrs. Beetle have an uncomplicated marriage, and both yearn for more excitement in their lives. Beetle can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer at the nightclub "Gay Dragonfly", whom she visits every time she makes a "business trip" to the city, she is the only one who understands it, a fellow admirer of this dancer , an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous that Mr. Beetle has stolen his lady and, as fate has it, he is also a movie cameraman.The torturous grasshopper follows Mr. Beetle and his acquaintance a hotel room, where he films his exploits through the keyhole. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Ms. Beetle has also acquired a friend to add excitement to her life. . He is an artist, and brings him a painting for a gift, before they both settle on the couch for some privacy. At that time, however, Mr. Beetle returns home and witnesses the entire show. When Mr. Beetle enters through the front door, the artist friend climbs into the fireplace, but does not escape without Mr. Beetle first expressing his anger and frustration about him. <br /> <br /> There is a certain irony in the following statement: "Mr. Beetle is generous, he forgives his wife and takes her to see a movie." He is generous enough to forgive her, and yet he had been equally unfaithful a few minutes before. At this time, however, we have not yet forgotten the jealous cameraman of the movie who had been planning his revenge, and it is not surprising that he turns out to be the projectionist for the film that Mr. and Mrs. Beetle are attending. Suddenly, the video of Mr. Beetle's disloyalty imposes on the movie they're enjoying, and the angry wife hits him on the head with an umbrella, before the frightened and angry husband dives on the theater screen in Look for the grasshopper. <Br /> <br /> In the final scene, both Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, now more grateful for each other, are serving time in prison for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle sought his final revenge. In fact, we hope that "the home life of beetles will be less exciting in the future". This movie may seem like a mere story of the comings and goings of a tiny insect species, but Starewicz is communicating much more than that. This is not a story about beetles? It is a story about us. And it's surprisingly accurate, is not it?
