For animation fans, it is a must, but even the general public will enjoy THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE, a very early example of "pixilation" by the pioneering worker Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his assistants meticulously manipulated a cast of flexible insect figures to tell this story, paving the way for people like Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen and legions of modern digital effects creators. <br /> <br /> CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE lasts only about 10 minutes, but it contains many fun details as the story follows the love adventures of two beetles from their home to a nightclub, a hotel, a cinema and, eventually, a prison cell. There are two short dance numbers in the nightclub (played by a frog and a dragonfly), a fight between a beetle and a grasshopper, and a large scale donnybrook in the cinema, which ends with the projector catching fire. Pretty elaborate developments for 1912, when even John Bray and Winsor MacCay were just beginning, and Walt Disney was still in elementary school! <br /> <br /> It is interesting to note, too, the impact the alteration of the title cards of a silent film will have on the story that is told. I have seen two versions of this movie offered by two video companies, and I have seen them in a row, and although the content of the image itself is almost identical, two different sets of intertitles tell two very different stories. (And the outline of the plot that someone previously provided tells a third story, suggesting that there is another version somewhere). The impression of the British Film Institute, which has intertitles in rhyme, tells the story of two brothers beetles, each of them secretly married, who hide this information from each other to inherit the fortune of their late father. The other, the Russian seal, tells a simpler story of married beetles that are guilty of infidelity. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle visits his girlfriend at the nightclub "Gay Dragonfly," while in the English version, brother Bill Beetle visits his wife at the music hall. Personally, I prefer Russian history: simpler and more spicy; The BFI version tries to cram too much into the plot of what a simple story should be, and some of the rhymes are a little uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> However, in any version, THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is a lovely movie, and it would be an ideal introduction to that other great animated work featuring beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
