Mary Pickford used to say that Tess Skinner was her favorite role in a movie. Well said! She played the role twice and for this version that she produced herself, not only did she have to buy Adolph Zukor's rights, but she even gave her credit on the main title card of the film. It goes without saying that his representation of this role here is the one that wins the most. In fact, in my opinion, the film itself is one of the best silent film experiences of all time. <br /> <br /> It is true that director John S. Robertson does not move his camera an inch from the beginning to the end, but in Robertson's skillful hands, this affectation not only does not matter but is probably more effective A first-rate creative artist, Robertson is a master of rhythm, camera angles and editing. He has also drawn brilliant natural performances from all his players. Jean Hersholt, who exercises the heavy, is so horribly repulsive, it is hard to believe that this is the same man as Dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes makes one of the best acting jobs of his entire career. It is true that it is probably not the intention of Mrs. White, but it serves admirably to the plot, since otherwise we would have difficulty explaining why the drug spent a fortune in defense but did not make the slightest attempt to determine who shot the weapon that killed his future. brother in law! Needless to say, this particular quality of the sympathetic hero is minimized by Jack Ging in the 1960 Bowdlerized version, which also completely eliminates the author's scathing attack on cocky middle-class Christianity. Notice how the well-washed priest here advances a step or two surprised by the interruption, but then makes no effort to help our brave little heroine in the performance of the duties that he himself was supposedly ordered to administer. This is a very moving scene because it is presented in such a realistic way. <br /> <br /> "Tess" also provides an insight into the work of another excellent actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was entirely limited to silent film. He married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to dedicate his life completely to her husband and two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but she lived until 1976, easily contactable in Pasadena, but I bet no one had the brains to interview her. Another missed opportunity! <br /> <br /> For me, Forrest Robinson only made a mediocre impression as Skinner. I thought he was a bit deviant and a brief look at his filmography proves it: he usually played priests or judges! But David Torrence, as always, was excellent. <br /> <br /> In general, an expensive production with beautiful photographs and wonderful production values.
