If this had been the original 1914 version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY (also starring Mary Pickford), I would probably have rated it much higher, since this kind of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was pretty typical of teenagers. However, in 1922, this film was already beginning to show its age. And, compared to many of Mrs. Pickford's other films (such as DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL and SUDS), TESS appears a bit short, and not all Pickford films deserve a 10 (even if she was "America's Sweetheart"). Now, this does not mean it's a bad movie, it certainly is not. But, I just can not see how many have given this film a 10. <br /> <br /> The film has a very long and complicated plot, especially because most of the films of the era were shorter. An old and rich crank builds a mansion on the top of a hill next to the river. At the bottom of the hill there are some illegal squatters whom he hates but can not dislodge. So try to find a variety of ways to get them out of the ground. One ends in tragedy, when the boyfriend of his daughter dies in a fight with the people of the po. The man accused of the murder is Mary's beloved father, although he is innocent. To make matters worse, the only witness of the real murder will not speak. And the dead man left his fiancee pregnant! So, at this point, we have an innocent man in prison waiting to be executed and a pregnant woman afraid to tell her holy father that she is "in the family form". There's a lot more in the movie, like Crank's son who falls in love with Mary, but you'd better just watch the movie for yourself. <br /> <br /> The film stands out in some way. The plot, although very complicated, is also quite interesting and the cinematography is first class. The final scene is also pretty cute. However, there is so much open sentimentality that you can practically cut it with a knife. Mary is VERY good and SO sweet and so brave, sometimes the viewer can find everything a bit difficult to take. While it worked very well in 1922 (making it the biggest star in the world), today it is very old-fashioned. This is NOT true for all your movies, but it is. <br /> <br /> By the way, the DVD of Image Entertainment is of a decent quality, although some scenes are very degraded, something that is not. Very surprising considering the age of the film. In addition, the only extras included are a short filmography.
