Madhur Bhandarkar has given everything raw. But the best thing is that he has not forgotten to give the ingredients. It has been brief and clear for the viewer and it is the audience that must choose now. Page 3 is a revelation of naked truth, regardless of the harshness that accompanies it. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys his work. A simple and peaceful life adores her with a loving boyfriend and a nice roommate Pearl. She covers page 3 (Celebrity page) of Nation Today, where she has a very sympathetic editor, Deepak Suri (Boman Irani). But life changes for her when she hits the first blow, moves away from page 3 and enters the crime. little bit. Omigosh! A whole new world was waiting for her there. She is surprised, excited, dazed with the revelation. Your reaction has resulted in losing your job. In the end, return to page 3. Now, when you meet any celebrity at a party, know the real aspect of each, hidden under the illusory face. <br /> <br /> The movie has a message and it is crude. The public needs to get it in their own color. The theme and the script were fantastic. There are some very good thoughts applied to prepare the audience. Like the previous game, the club shows up before the pedophilia show, the short suspense before the gay actions in the bathroom. The dialogues are strong and the actors are really good at their delivery. The two words of Charu Mohanty speak a lot and he is very successful in pronouncing those two words with such wit, he leaves an impact. The established selections could have been better. The songs are nowhere; but they were needed in the background. Atul Kulkarni has a small role with high impact. There were some visible flaws. Atul Kulkarni explains to Konkan Sharma that honesty must be labeled along with intelligence. There could have been a better dialogue, since this sounds like a preaching. The meeting between Thapar and her daughter does not require acting. That scene seems very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> In general, it is a film that must be viewed with selective options before the pedophilia incident. That can ruin your mood.
