Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film which is supposed to expose the lifestyle of the rich and famous while also providing a commentary on the integrity of current journalism. <br /> <br /> Celebrities celebrate incessantly, they like to be seen. and to obtain proper exposure in the media. In fact, the film would make us believe that this exhibition MAKES celebrities out of social networks and newspapers have a great hand in this. In my opinion, there is much more synergy between celebrities and the media and it is the kind of relationship "I need you, you need me". However, the media needs more celebrities and not the other way around. Anyway, in this atmosphere of constant party is the social column (page 3 of the newspaper), the reporter Konkana Sen Sharma. She is shown as this celebrity maker, very popular at social gatherings. She has a good friend in the gay Abhijeet and in the model Rohit (Bikram Saluja). She rooms with a stewardess? the brazen pearl (Sandhya Mridul), and an actress who fights - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor of the newspaper is Boman Irani and Atul Kulkarni plays a reporter in the fight against crime. The movie has almost too many plot diversions and characters, but it works at a certain level. It shows that the rich are in decomposition to the core for the most part, the business of the film is of poor quality to the maximum with armchair scenarios, the exploitation of power, hunger for exposure to the media. In all this there are layers of homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that seems to have little to do with history or plot, the unbridled use of drugs, pedophilia, the deaths of "encounters" by the police. In light of all of Pearl's desire to have a super rich husband, a socialite daughter who engages in a sexual encounter in a car, women who complain, all seem benign evils. <br /> <br /> The movie has an absolutely excellent performance. Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role? a shame in my opinion But the cast of support is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). This is what saves the movie. Mr. Bhandarkar bites much more than he can chew or process on celluloid and turns the film into a free movie for everyone. I wish I had focused on one or two aspects of social ills and explored them more effectively. He rebukes social exploitation, but he himself exploits all the ingredients necessary for a film to succeed. We have an article number within the framework of a Bollywood themed party, drugged children dance a perfectly choreographed dance at a Western rhythm. I hope that Madhur Bhandarkar's next will dare to get rid of more of the stereotyped ingredients of the Hindi movie. The film is a brave (although faulty) effort, which is worth seeing.
