Page 3 is one of those films made by Madhur Bhandarkar to expose the social filth. The film is convincing, but, like most Bhandarkar films, it is unilateral and too pessimistic. This movie has to do with tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrities. The film exposes the lives of people in society, whose lifestyle is disastrously boastful, peculiar and repulsive. They party, they do not care about anything other than fame, they plan parties at funerals, they crave more money and a higher reputation, they will do everything possible to obtain proper exposure in the media, so that their names appear in bold in the newspaper of the newspaper. Column known as "Page 3" with huge photographs that will be the center of people's discussions. They are seekers of attention, salacious and hypocritical. The film industry is shown to be of poor quality, and the casting couch is a common phenomenon among filmmakers. That's where our lovely heroine is thrown, a young reporter from the social column Madhvi Sharma. All these people from the Mumbai elite depend on your articles and she is the right person to make friends at these parties if you want me to mention you in your article. Later in the film, we learn that even those who are Madhvi's friends are no different from these high society people. This was hard to see for me, although the film is undoubtedly brave and the subjects it deals with are interesting. <br /> <br /> The music of the movie is normal. The only passable songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", sung by the two melodic queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle, respectively. Otherwise the soundtrack is bad. One song that was particularly horrible is "Filmy Very Filmy". The writing of the movie is pretty good. The second half is much better than the first, as it becomes more practical and exposes much more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. That's where you have to applaud the movie. It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore such crimes out of fear and the disappointment of Konkona's character Sen Sharma was very easy to relate. He was excellent throughout the film and his performance in the last scenes was particularly impressive. The part of Atul Kulkarni was very small, but he did it full justice. Boman Irani is a solid editor of the newspaper. Sandhya Mridul is adorable as Madhvi's cheeky roommate, Pearl, who marries an older man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The end of the film is really well done and provides a certain sigh of relief after the unimaginably difficult procedures. Page 3 is a good film, interesting and sometimes moving, but the level of its interest and its general quality are marred by its exaggerated, disorganized and negative representation of the rich and famous.
