While visiting Romania with his CIA father, Tony (Adam Arkin), a talented high school marshal regarded as the savior to finally lead his team to a victory over rival Simpson, he tells him a possible palm reader (. In Romania, people are not allowed many books, so she took the reading from the palm of her hand) that a werewolf would bite him ("When the moon is full, do not make appointments ... you'll be busy" ). Well, who would have thought. In fact, Tony is bitten and his life would change forever. After, unfortunately, his father dies in an accident inside his bomb shelter (!) In strange circumstances (shooting his werewolf son inside a metal shelter is not a good idea, especially if the bullet does not leave the room and bounces like a pinball that went crazy), Tony travels the earth through countless years, until he's tired of packing, and returns decades (... and many US Presidents) later to take to his soccer team to a victory over Simpson ... a task he left long ago. What was once a very white and well-defined high school has become a ghetto of drug use, violence and perversion. To get an idea of ​​what looks like the Full Moon high school graduation party of the early '80s, think of Studio 54 with teenagers. <br /> <br /> Larry's werewolf parody Cohen, among other things, is full of jokes and tributes. , and in jokes. My favorite sequences contain one in the sex education classroom where Tony reveals to the class of the 80s his transformation of werewolf and the introductory scene to Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the movie when Kenneth Mars is not on the screen) , possibly the worst psychiatrist on earth. His task of tying a jumper takes two men who fall off a balcony ... the jumper and a fireman (trying, at first, to convince him not to do it), both enraged with Brand! Brand even tries to get Tony to sign a hesitation about donating his body to science so he can get a fur coat for his wife! Kenneth Mars made me roll on the floor as a gay soccer coach (... and later in the 80s as a director), who likes to caress his players in the back ... this scene where Tony is Downloading the truth to the sex education class is classic. The film is loaded with inspired casting options ... simply filled with fun characters and cast performances ... like Ed McMahon as a very conservative military fan who actually looks like Joseph McCathy standing next to his picture in the anti-aircraft shelter (... (always talking about friends), Joanne Nail as a bulky Ricky currently falling in love with the werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (A Patch of Blue) as a mousy teacher, sexually abused nerd (... and abuser) who finds an attraction to Tony, Roz Kelly as a very devoted and willing woman of Tony for herself alone constantly demanding that he steal her, and to Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn, Tony's old friend and now the police chief who only caught Jane After his friend left the city, I can not forget JM J Bullock as Flynn's confined gay son who tries to fit into school hoping to find a lady with hilarious results. /> <br /> I like how the film pays homage to the werewolf genre, like when on the lookout ... it is often mentioned in the papers as Jack the Nipper because he likes to bite his victims on the cheek. .. and I'm not talking face to face. He is seen more as a nuisance than as a danger. The tributes to Carrie and Psycho are nice, and the trick of the violin is also fun. Cohen throws so many zingers at the viewer that, finally, one has to stay. Obviously, in a comedy like this, not all jokes reach their point, but many do. The cast makes this worthwhile. The movie seems cheap in the typical budget of Larry Cohen. Look at the scenes of the 50s in which the old cast members on the road wear dazzling wigs. I loved Adam in the front ... it's the perfect complement to the gags that follow him and the zingers he lets fly from Cohen's script. The film moves quickly, it rarely regains its breath. I like this horror comedy more than it seems.
