I do not know why people, except many of the low budget indie movies, I enjoyed this since I'm a fan of urban horror. There are not too many urban horror movies out there, so when I saw it on the shelf, only the title caught my curiosity. So I decided to check it out and I was surprised ... it is not very often that you find yourself in a low budget indie horror movie with GREAT acting and a good story. Is it low budget? yes. Can you say it is low budget? Yes ... but once you start watching the movie, you wrap yourself so much in the story that it does not matter. I also like hip hop music and the soundtrack is nice! I do not know what's going on with all these bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "the worst movie in history." Have you seen these idiots EVERY movie out there? There are thousands of movies out there, how can you categorize one of the "worst"? A video that is not "movie" like "zombiez" may be the worst movie I've seen, but I can not say it's the worst movie of all, since I have not seen all the movies. In short, these people who gave bad reviews to this movie are probably from the suburbs. Listen, if you do not like urban movies based on minorities, ghetto movies, hip hop, etc. So, WHY LOOK AT THESE TYPES OF MOVIES? Knowing that you do not like this kind of thing? Sure, this is a horror movie, but it's not just a horror movie, it's a URBAN horror movie with a multicultural cast. I do not like television shows like Dawson's Creek or O.C., CHUPAN for me. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" suck me. I'm a kid from New Jersey and these shows and movies suck me. Why? Because I can not relate to them. They do not increase my interest. Only common sense. Believe me, I will never see JARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING BODEGAS 2: Here is a sequel to torture you again from the first time I breathed so badly and HE HEART OF HUCKABORING. Now, going back to this movie, with respect to the previous comment of saint405, I do not know if this guy was smoking crack or was shot down by his drunken father before watching the movie, but for me, they all did a great job. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a VERY good job. I am an aspiring actor and I take theater in my school and I had to do a work in which I had to cry and it is not easy to be emotional in a scene, so I give props to the actors that have to make an emotional scene and can make jerks. off. Anyway, I liked this movie and I've never heard of these actors and directors before, but I bet that, for now, I'll be taking care of your things and if you're reading this, BRING THE SEQUEL! I'm out. Jerzee Representin '!
