Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come out to play and even the DA Hood guys can not stop them. This production of low budget, direct to video seems scheduled to coincide with the release of Land of the Dead, the latest installment of the famous series of zombies by George A. Romero. The ghetto stage and the hip-hop soundtrack can provide additional appeal for the city's hounds. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research center while raising his younger brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, bored by the macaroni and cheese dinners in his house, preferred to spend time with his street friends, Marco and Kev. Apparently, there is not much to do for those who leave African-American high school on this side of the bay, except to deal with drugs and fight with family, including rival Latino gang members. Ricky plans to sell his deceased parents' house and move into the Castro Valley, a middle-class and probably safer environment. Unfortunately, before this can happen, a shooting leaves Jermaine dead on the porch. Ricky afflicted tries a final desperate stratagem. He tells Scotty, his lab assistant, to steal part of the experimental cell regeneration formula they've been testing on rats. When a double dose fails to revive Jermaine, there is no other option but to call 911. But something strange happens on the way to the morgue. The child is reanimated like a snarling and snarling zombie, chews on ambulance drivers and staggers in the night, hell-bent on revenge and hungry for fresh meat. The feeding frenzy infects more victims, and before the end of the night, the East Bay is a battlefield between the living and the living dead splashed with blood. The horror genre has seen more than its share of cheap filmmakers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis and Charles Band. But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Consider the Val Lewton programmers (Cat People, Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Roger Corman Poe quickies, Romero's Night of the Living Dead and Halloween by John Carpenter. The difference between memorable and terrible has more to do with talent and ambition than with money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than the worth of several hundred million dollars of the recent high price horrors. The cheap has its charms. In really cheap movies, the actors wear their own clothes in the middle of real scenes. Here, the houses of the tract have freshly painted walls in neutral matt tones, which gives it a desolation as oppressive as the bourgeois melodramas of Douglas Sirk of the fifties. The lines seem more improvised than written. "So, what the hell are we going to do now?" "Just keep your eyes open for anything from F N 'that looks out of the ordinary." Ricky and Scotty call their boss, who calls an ex-military man named Romero. "I have a huge bitch of a problem that we have to solve quickly." "No problem," says the mercenary, closing his phone and grabbing his weapons. Everyone has weapons, and even when they fight against zombies they are on their cell phones, who are not today? The information is exchanged with a naturalistic underestimation. "What happened?" "We got into that with crazy fools." "Leave F N 'vu. It's that park zombie again ..." Ricky even has to make his twisted girlfriend fly, saying only: "It's gotten out of hand." Unlike most zombie movies, this provides a reason for the chaos. Jermaine takes revenge on the gang members who shot him, who in turn continue the rumor. It is an urban film that implies its own social commentary, an almost guerrilla production that suggests a future for the horror of low budget that reflects the real life instead of the supernatural clichés. The Quiroz brothers, who have registered their name as an anticipation of a new movement, can inspire others to tell stories that come from personal experience rather than imitate the tired Hollywood product. Considering their limited resources, José and Eduardo Quiroz have made a cheap but technically acceptable feature about the people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson does the work, the music of Eduardo Quiroz is no simpler than Carpenter's disturbing Halloween theme, and the hip-hop songs of The Darkroom Familia and others add atmosphere. The result is promising, if not exactly stimulating. They are learning their craft and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who never got better, their next one can be one to watch.
