There have been pictures of "racing" almost since the beginning of the film business. The films starred almost entirely by the black cast have been made by studios segregated from Poverty Row (mostly owned by Caucasians) for ghetto theaters. With the growing urban plague during the 1970s, this idea was revived with a wave of "blaxploitation" photos made for urban grinding houses that superimposed black actors and a funky atmosphere over traditional movie plots. This tendency even extended to the characteristics of terror, with titles like Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill that offer versions of blaxploitation of standards of monsters. And did not die with the closure of most urban theaters? it was simply introduced slowly in the era of video and continues with direct releases to low-budget DVDs like this one. The hood of the undead of Ed and José Quiroz, adopts the recent popularity of horror films for the hip-hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland who tries to keep his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) out of trouble after the death of his parents. After Jermaine is shot by drug dealers in a drive-by, Ricky decides to use the experimental formula of cell regeneration in which he has been working to try to save the adolescent's life. Apparently, their efforts are in vain, and Jermaine's body is removed. However, the body never reaches the morgue? Jermaine cheers again in the coroner's van like a meat-hungry zombie. Kill the drivers, then chase the gang that killed him, spreading the zombie infection wherever he goes. Having heard from Jermaine's friends, Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raúl Martínez) about the attack on the mobsters, Ricky feels that all he has to do is capture Jermaine and try to cover the whole thing before he and his accomplice Scott (Chris Angelo) be arrested for the chaos they have caused. However, they soon discover that the contagion is spreading too quickly for them to control it. By keeping things simple, Quiroz's team manages to produce a small and entertaining horror feature without spreading too much to the point where things start to look poor. Along the way, they also add some interesting business fragments. When he confronts a zombie for the first time, Scott tells Ricky: "Shoot him in the head like in the movies!" ?? An effective way as any way to discover how to kill zombies. An additional turn is added when the first shot in the head does not kill the brain, which increases the viewer's restlessness. Another positive point is that the soundtrack only makes limited use of the sub-Eminem rap style, with standard "spooky" music.
