Most of the negative reviews on this website blame "Hood of the Living Dead" for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) it is a low budget movie with virtually no performance; 2) It was so bad that it made me laugh 3) It's something I could do myself. I will not even discuss the first point because it is a very subjective matter, whether you like the budget or not. However, I must say that I still do not understand people who rent a movie like "Hood of the Living Dead" and then it surprises me when they realize that it is not as elegant and elegant as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey . As for the second point, I really do not see what's wrong with laughing. Personally, I like to laugh and I love the movies that make me be comedies or horror movies. When in "Hammerhead" I saw this girl entering a PUDDLE and the shark man came out of it to eat it, I just laughed. And I was grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. Honestly, laughter makes me feel good, although it seems that many people who write reviews see it as a bad thing. If you just want to feel sad and scared while watching a movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and low budget movies are definitely not for you. But, please, do not come and tell us that you find them laughable. We already know. This is probably the reason why we decided to watch the movie in the first place. However, it is the third point that leaves totally bewildered. Just a few years ago, people lined up in theaters to watch "Blair Witch Project," which is a more rudimentary, boring, non-plotted and badly performed form than "Hood of the Living Dead" (and also in its own way. serious too). In addition, half a million people go to YouTube every day to watch the short films of "Lonelygirl15", which is undoubtedly something that everyone with a beautiful girlfriend, a room and a webcam could do! I do not want to talk about all the even more amateur videos you can find there. Why do not people blame those clips for their bad performance and their non-existent plot? I think it's one of the best things of our time that everyone, with affordable technology and a group of friends, can make their own movies and share them with people who have similar interests. And I feel a certain admiration for people who spend weekends with their friends doing honestly bad (but refreshing) trash like this instead of buying at the mall or playing video games alone. Put aside your prejudices and your desire to sound like an intelligent film critic by attacking B movies, and you'll see that "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring as much fun as it did to its creators! If you like refreshing and pleasant homemade horror movies, I recommend "Zombiez", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Do not look in the basement", "The worst horror movie never made "," Zombies Redneck "," Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer "and" Habit ".
