Eye in the Labyrinth is not your average Giallo ... and to be honest, I'm not really sure it really is a Giallo; But Giallo or not, despite some problems, this is certainly a very interesting little movie. I hesitate to call him Giallo because the film does not present most of the things that make these films what they are; but many gender entries break the mold, and this seems to be one of them. The film does not present brutal murders as do many Giallo, but this is compensated with a surreal atmosphere and a plot that is confusing enough to remain interesting for time. The plot seems simple enough, since it focuses on a doctor who is murdered by Julie, her patient who, for some reason, sees him as her lover and father and is offended when he leaves her. Then we moved to a large house in which several people live, but nothing is really what it seems, since there are a number of secrets surrounding various events that occurred before the arrival of Julie ... <br /> <br /> The movie seems to be professing something about how the mind is like a labyrinth. This never really goes away, and I just preferred to sit back and enjoy what was happening instead of worrying about the point (if any) that the movie is trying to make. Eye in the Labyrinth is directed by Mario Caiano, the director behind the excellent Night of the Damned some years before. He does not create the atmosphere as well in this movie as he did in the previous one; but the surrealist aspects of the story come out well, and the mystery is always maintained, which prevents the film from becoming boring. The film is starring Rosemary Dexter, who offers visual candy at all times and also offers good performance. Most of the rest of the cast is not worth mentioning, with the exception of Adolfo Celi, who is the villain of the piece, and Alida Valli, whom cult fans will remember from a series of excellent cult films. The movie is explained at the end; which is fortunate since I'm sure I'm not the only spectator who was more than a little confused by then. In general, this may not be classic; But it's good enough and worth seeing.
