This little movie is a languid and relaxed giallo. It moves away from some of the clichés of the genre and adopts a more flexible approach. It is about a woman looking for her missing lover; a psychiatrist who has suddenly disappeared for no apparent reason. Her search takes her to a village populated by a group of eccentric individuals. In true Giallo style, murder is never far away. <br /> <br /> The cast is pretty good. We have Aldofo Celi (Thunderball), Alida Valli (Suspiria), Horst Frank (Cat or 'Nine Tails) and a very young Sybil Danning (the queen of the shout of the 80s). The main actress is Rosemary Dexter, and although I'm not familiar with her, she does a good job of leading the image. <br /> <br /> One of the defining characteristics of Eye in the Labyrinth is its music. Atypically, for a giallo it presents a jazz-rock fusion soundtrack. This score, composed by Roberto Nicolosi, remembers Miles Davis, especially his work in In A Silent Way. It's an excellent soundtrack and it really gives this movie a different feel than most gialli. The melting furrow accentuates the languid atmosphere and complements the sunny landscape of the sea, in which the film is mainly composed. <br /> <br /> This is a giallo, so we really need to talk about murder scenarios. Well, this movie is a bit short in this regard. Certainly not exempt from them, but they are few and far between. The opening of the dream-murder is probably the best offer, as well as a memorable sequence of burns. But this really is not a particularly violent movie. However, I do not think I should disappoint many experienced fans of the genre. The mystery is quite convincing and has enough eccentric characters (the idiot child Saro and THAT ESO accent folded inopportunely inappropriate?) And moments of the strange to satisfy; while the sleaze factor is maintained with a bit of nudity throughout. <br /> <br /> Eye in the Labyrinth is played as a giallo version of an Agatha Christie mystery, since it has a group of unpleasant characters in a villa, all under suspicion of murder; We have mandatory flashbacks that detail your connections to the final hours of the murder victim (highly indifferent). While this is not an example of grade A of the genre, it is certainly a very different one, since it does not take many loans from other subgenre films. For the Giallo enthusiasts, I give my approval and I hope that one day I will have a good DVD transfer. No doubt deserves the treatment.
