I have not seen the original "Amazing Journey" since I was a child, so I really can not compare the two versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat, whose owners leave them with friends in the field when the father of the family has to accept a new job in San Francisco. The pets, believing that they have been abandoned, escape and embark on a long journey back home through nature. <br /> <br /> This story could have been more easily filmed as a caricature, but both versions are, in fact, live. Action movies made with real animals. One important difference is that in the later version the animals speak in human voices, giving each one their own personality, something that was not done in the original movie. (A similar device of talking animals has been used in other recent children's movies like "Racing Stripes"). Some critics have been quite comfortable with the use of this device, but my opinion is that giving animals their own distinctive personalities helps strengthen the film rather than weaken it. The animals were expressed by renowned stars, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. <br /> <br /> Both dogs are male, and their relationship parallels that of many humans in the "friends of friends" movies. Shadow, a golden retriever, is the wisest and most experienced dog; The possibility that the youngest is shameless, cocky and impulsive. In British eyes, Chance looks like a boxer, but in reality he is an American Bulldog, which apparently is a different breed from his British cousin. Sassy the cat is female with a quite primitive and own personality. She is very proud of her status as a cat, which in her eyes makes her far superior to any simple dog. ("Cats rule, dogs drool!"). <br /> <br /> From an adult point of view, the film has a series of flaws; It can be sentimental, some of the incidents (like the one in which the animals manage to catapult a mountain lion to the river) are quite incredible, and the human characters are completely forgettable. This, however, is a film directed mainly to children, and I suspect that they will enjoy it immensely. Certainly, any child who loves animals will do it. (The comments of some professional critics such as James Berardinelli, who complained that the voices of the animals diminished the "greatness" of the film, only serve to reinforce my opinion that professional critics are not always the best guides for movies I doubt there are many conversations in the playground about "Homeward Bound" focused on their supposed greatness. <br /> <br /> One thing that adults will appreciate is the photograph of the Sierra Nevada mountains in California. They can also appreciate the mix of humor and emotion of the film, as fugitive pets encounter dangers such as bears, mountain lions and porcupines in the desert. This is a very nice family movie. 7/10
