The first time I saw this movie was when I was around 6 or 7 years old and I really did not think it was something especially special. As time passed, I saw it a couple of times more and it began to grow as I began to understand the moral of the film, which I will reach later on. For a while I left this movie alone and did not see it for a while. When looking for an old classic movie to watch a few weeks ago (now with 15), I took the VHS back home. After seeing this, they left me at a high natural point that I really could not explain. The movie gives you a feeling of overwhelming joy that you never expect. The nature of the films of three completely different animals that collaborate to find your way home really sends a message to the home that, no matter how different it may be, you can always find common ground, something everyone needs. The way in which the personalities of the characters are chosen is truly fantastic. In that you have an old and wise golden retriever, who cares or guides the "possibility" of loving fun even if it is a little clumsy young American bulldog, with the intelligent cat, vulnerable but sure. The film follows these three friends or companions on such a realistic journey that it creates magic by beginning to believe that this journey can happen. <br /> <br /> I do not want to sound like a soft tissue grabber when it comes to movies, I assure you I'm the opposite, but the most encouraging part of this movie is no doubt that the shadows come back, when The Shadow He tries desperately to escape and randomly tells him to leave. When both animals return with their beloved owners, there is a silence until the shadow slides over the horizon before the fear of all. There is a fine line between heat and cheesy trash, but this movie is pure magic even at the age of 15. It is possible that this film is not The Lord of the Rings, but that Disney produces a fantastic movie with animals and for me to get up. the way he does it, even at this age, deserves 10/10.
