This comment does not contain spoilers! <br /> <br /> There are few actors who have an intangible for them. That innate quality that is an amalgam of charisma, panache and arrogance. It is the quality that can separate good actors from truly great ones. I think George Clooney has it and also Jack Nicholson. You can see Clooney's subtle touches in scenes as his only farewell word to Andy Garcia in Ocean's 11 when they only utter each other's name with disdain. "Terry." "Danny." You can choose any number of Jack's performances that go back to Five Easy Pieces in the restaurant to A Few Good Men and his interrogation scene in the courtroom. These guys only have it. You can add Denzel Washington to the small and exclusive list of actors that exudes that excellent trait in everything he does. If you look at some of his explosive boundary diatribes in The Siege to his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in the movie of the same name by Spike Lee, you can see that there is no better actor working today. I do not mention all this to imply that Man On Fire is perfect only because of Denzel's work, but it is definitely the production gear. He was literally hypnotized with some of his raw, emotional and incendiary scenes at the same time. <br /> <br /> Washington plays Creasy, a former spy or agent of the CIA or one of those undercover government agents. He has almost reached the bottom, since he has become disillusioned with the life he has led. He has killed and maybe he has done things that it is better to leave without saying and this has made him a hardened and bitter man. His friend and perhaps a mentor, interpreted very reserved by Christopher Walken, lives in Mexico and feels very comfortable providing bodyguard services for the rich. Apparently, the business of kidnappings in Mexico is so dynamic that these paid ex-S.E.A.L.s can do very well while providing a necessary service. Creasey needs the job and accepts a job with a well to make a family that seems to have financial difficulties. Marc Anthony is fine as Samuel, Radha Mitchell is incredibly sexy, as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning are incredibly bright and precociously bright as Pita. I do not know how a girl her age can have as much rank to play the characters as she does, but her interpretation of Pita is nothing less than Oscar-worthy. The first full half of the film depends on the relationship between Pita and Creasy, and if there was a weaker actress on the paper, perhaps that emotional synergy would not have occurred so succinctly. But Fanning is no less than remarkable on paper. <br /> <br /> It is the relationship between Pita and Creasy that takes this film to the top of the cinema. Together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them. Tony Scott directs with a frantic urgency and his eye for visual flash has never been better. I'm interested in seeing how your next movie, Domino, turns out. I think that Scott is one of the less qualified directors of the present and with more films like this, his name will surely be elevated to the category of icon. <br /> <br /> The story takes Creasy really to Pita, and vice versa. There is a definite connection between the two and maybe it is due to the fact that although Pita loves her father, she is not very present. He is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family. Soon, Creasy will take Pita to his swimming competition. He is reading his bedtime stories and she is naming his teddy bear "Creasy". It is not just a friendship between them, it is more a kinship, and a deep parental love seems to be present. <br /> <br /> The film changes gear when Pita is kidnapped and held for ransom and Creasy is almost fatally wounded trying to protect her. This is where the story is filled with insinuations and mature with deception as the pieces of the plot fall apart like an onion. And this is where Denzel becomes a tour de force. As I said before, I've seen Denzel give some outstanding performances in films like Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I've never seen him like that before. He is a man possessed and with the possibility that Pita is dead, he becomes a literal man on fire. He rages at him while hunting and distributes his mark of revenge. Denzel's anger and wit are omnipresent and are not easily suppressed as he chases every person responsible for Pita's rape. All this vigilant judge since the Mexican authorities always seem to be a step behind. <br /> <br /> Also what is paramount to the brilliant audacity of this movie is that there are few movies that really give the criminals their deserved advancement. I have often been frustrated by watching movies in which bad guys are easily released. They inflict all kinds of torments throughout the film and then receive a bullet and die. But not in this movie. The writer Brian Helgeland makes sure that the retribution here is unequivocal and painful. The perpetrators here feel Creasy's anger and experience the torment he unleashes. There is nothing tricky about your brand of justice. You need information and someone loses a finger. He wants answers and a homemade bomb is placed in places that are meant for other things. No blows were taken here and this is one of the true strengths of the film. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the five best films of 2004. Now that it's on DVD, my recommendation is to get the SE. It is loaded with additional features that include approximately 6 hours of documentaries and different comment tracks. 10/10
