When I remember seeing the previews of this movie and not thinking much about it. It was almost one of those movies that when you see the preview, it's impressive, and then, when it comes out, you do not hear anything and completely miss it, and your memory does not correct the error of losing it. Man On Fire was one of those movies. I was curious to rent one time, and I decided to take it home, with my precious Blockbuster in my hands. I saw it, and I witnessed such a beautiful movie. It's like no other ... drama and action combined to create something amazingly spectacular. The cinematography made by Tony Scott is extremely good and unique, unlike another movie. The subtitles can explain something without even listening to the real voices, and the music is very interesting for the adjustment. I got into this movie and bought it as soon as I was able to leave the house and head to Best Buy. I've seen it several times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) does an amazing job of becoming this former special forces man with no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) gives life back to him with his eternal love for him from the beginning. They bond and become good friends, until she is kidnapped by notable gang members who are part of the brotherhood, La Hermandad. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that she will hunt down the killers, fearing that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy really shows the person he can become. He uses his contacts from Pita's kidnapping and Creasy's hospitalization to find one of the men and begins his search. My favorite quote is from this film, when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that "A man is a work of art, in whatever he does ... cooking, whatever ... Creasy's art is death ... it's about To paint your masterpiece. " He plays a very unique role from Creasy's old partner and friend. After finally persecuting the brother of "La Voz", leader of La Hermandad. Creasy organizes a meeting to exchange Pita for him and the brother of The Voice. In the end, Creasy dies by being shot before, and his wound becomes infected and the massive loss of blood. It is a very sincere and sad ending, but great. I love this movie and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a memorable movie. The story is profound, everything is explained from beginning to end and nothing corny in any way or manner.
