-The kidnappings in Mexico are as common as the honeys that give me their phone numbers, so if you're rich, you'll need a good bodyguard so that you and your children are safe. A couple hires a washed bodyguard named Creasy to protect his adorable son Pita. At first, their relationship is a little complicated, but after a while, Creasy approaches the girl and the two develop a father / daughter relationship. One day, Pita is kidnapped and Creasy is seriously injured in the process. When she wakes up, she discovers that the girl was killed because of a rescue negotiation that went wrong and this puts Creasy on the road, finds the men responsible for his death and makes sure they are brought to justice. <Br /> <br /> -Keep some Tylenol by your side while watching this movie because you will need to take it after seeing it. I really love the story here of going to the extreme to get revenge because most movies usually only want revenge, but in reality they never go too far, as this movie shows how far a man can go to do what he believes. which is correct. The only problem is the annoying visual style, which will make you hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I really feel sorry for the director of photography because I'm sure he came into this film thinking he was going to be filming an action movie and probably got very excited, but instead he got stuck being the PD for a filmmaker who feels that the whole movie should look like it has been possessed by demons. I would not mind if the visual images of shit were restricted to a few action scenes, but when it's distributed throughout the movie, that's when we have some problems. The same annoying style was recently used in "Domino" and as with this movie, the style hurt that great movie. <br /> <br /> -One person who is very sorry for this movie was the soon to be great Harry Gregson Williams, who had the impossible task of trying to compose music from the irregular images. Somehow, Williams wrote some decent music for the movie, but I'm sure if the movie had been more stable, the music would have been much better. The sound is used incorrectly throughout the film and, instead of improving the movie experience, it makes you feel that you are being punished. Excessive use of the subwoofer is irritating, as a low level sound can be heard every 5 seconds or so. I do not know why Scott thought that the subwoofer had to bombard the audience, but it really takes you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> -The acting in the movie is a beast in spite of the visual effects. Little Fanning does another great job here and the scene at the end of the movie breaks my heart. If the end of the film does not make anyone cry, then they are dead inside. Denzel Washington breaks his rule of not doing any action movie with this movie and, fortunately, for him is a great character. The idea that a man has been lost in life and, suddenly, due to a tragedy finds a purpose in his life, is nothing new, but Washington brings some heart and emotion to the flat character. I love how we witnessed it, since we are a loner until we learn to feel emotions and after kidnapping we become a cold instrument of revenge. Radha Mitchell plays Marc Anthony's wife and she along with Fanning are the two reasons why I can not hate the movie too much. J.Lo's husband appears and disappears in the movie, but does not really stand out much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken have minimal roles in the film, but they do have an impact. <br /> <br /> - Something that makes me laugh is how the filmmakers try to put on makeup because of the horrible way they portray Mexico calling It's a good city at the end of the film. A little late for that if you ask me. Hopefully Tony Scott has finished this phase of trying to ruin his career intentionally because a filmmaker as talented as he can and should do better than this.
