You know you're looking for something different when in a movie Christopher Walken plays a professional hit man, and he's not even one of the bad guys! Although it might work with some judicious cuts here and there, "Man on Fire" is a generally effective criminal drama that varies in tone from the openly sentimental to the absolutely brutal, and almost every conceivable tone. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington plays Creasy, a former CIA assassin who recently left the business and is looking for some kind of redemption for the sins he committed. So far, he has been looking for answers in a bottle and in the Bible and is not doing so well either. As the film begins, Mexico City has been devastated by a series of kidnappings targeting the powerful and wealthy, possibly perpetrated by the same police force assigned to maintain law and order in the community. Creasy accepts the position of bodyguard before the daughter of a rich businessman who rightly fears for his safety. The first third of the film is dedicated to the growing friendship between Creasy and his position, Pita, a sweet girl who, slowly but surely, makes her way to Creasy's heart and initially hardened affections. The last two thirds of the film becomes a melodrama of Avenging Angel, since Creasy systematically seeks and eliminates all those responsible for a tragedy that occurred at the beginning of the story. <br /> <br /> Based on AJ Quinnell's novel, "Man on Fire", written cunningly by Brian Helgeland and directed by Tony Scott, is a coolly efficient action image that never strays from the brutality of its subject . A risk is required when asking us to identify with a man who, for all purposes and purposes, is achieving his redemption through the torture and murder of people (who are certainly of bad reputation). These scenes of carnage and violence are both intense and suspenseful, even if sometimes they limit exploitation. Even better are the quiet and intimate moments between Creasy and Pita in the first parts of the film. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning establish a natural and calm relationship that helps set the stage for chaos and confusion to follow. <br /> <br /> Washington takes the film with its quality of stoic justice, making us understand its character on an emotional level, even if what it is doing eludes us intellectually. In addition to the two protagonists, there are solid performances by Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But it's Washington and the lovely Mrs. Fanning who stole the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" would have been better with a half hour of execution time, but this is still better. crime thriller than the average.
