Although it was released among a flock of revenge-minded action movies (KILL BILL VOL 2, THE PUNISHER, WALKING TALL), MAN ON FIRE works as well as it does in large part thanks to the ever-visible Denzel Washington, one of the best actors all day <br /> <br /> In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ The Quinnell novel of 1980 (filmed for the first time in 1987, with Scott Glenn), Washington plays a former mercenary in his bad luck who has now stopped to drink from a flash of Jack Daniels, until his old partner (Christopher Walken) offers him a possibility of redemption. He is hired as the bodyguard of the 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his wife born in the United States (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning work like water and oil first (they do not mix very well), he really manages to form a bond with her, encouraging her to swim better, while at the same time trying to deal with the demons of the past. . It is that link that will force Washington to return to its old line of work when Fanning is kidnapped and held for a ransom of $ 10 million, and almost died. With almost any other action hero (Schwarzenneger, Segal, etc.), the next bloodbath would be the same repetitive imbroglio we have seen a million times before. But the Washington character, although he is killing for a reason, does not particularly enjoy doing what he does. However, she receives help from a very intrepid Mexican journalist (Rachel Ticotin) to expose "La Hermanidad", the gang of kidnappers responsible for the kidnapping of Fanning. <br /> <br /> MAN ON FIRE is failing to some extent due to the work of the camera, the editing of productions that cause almost headaches, and several films that are on par with the course of its director Tony Scott (MAIN ARM; CRIMSON TIDE), but that is not necessarily unique to him (witness Oliver Stone's use of montage in JFK or Sam Peckinpah's in his classic films of the 60s and 70s). Still, Scott gets a very good performance from Washington, as well as Fanning, who is presented as much more than a typical child of the movies. The Spanish guitar score of Harry Gregson-Williams south of the border is enhanced by the splash of the soundtrack of Chopin, Debussy and even the classic country rock version of Linda Ronstadt from 1977's "Blue Bayou". Although the movie in general is quite violent, it is not worse than most of the action movies of the last ten years, and in general it is much better than most.
