Maslin Beach is a true nudist / naturist beach south of Adelaide, on the Fleurieu Peninsula in southern Australia. It is also the name of an Australian movie that used the beach as a place. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is listed as a romantic comedy. This could be a bit misleading, since it is not a 'hilarious' movie, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but it has happy moments. Like life itself, there are also moments of sadness. It is also taken completely on the nudist beach mentioned above, and nudity runs throughout the film. The viewer quickly learns to accept this as normal and focuses on the plot, not the large amount of meat. <br /> <br /> Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) drive to a car on the beach park. They take their belongings to the beach and, as they walk, a voice from Simon talks about his confusion about what true love is. The rest of the movie is an exploration of this, framed by a full day on the beach. The basic story is what happens with Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters highlighted in several separate vignettes. <br /> <br /> When they arrive at the beach, both Simon and Marcie seem to be bored with each other. Marcie sees them as a romantic couple 'Romeo and Juliet'. Simon is bored with everything. Next, we introduce Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They walk together on the beach discussing Gail's chances of finding the "perfect" man, helped by the "powers" of a necklace that brought good luck to her grandmother. However, there are many more interesting people on the beach, not all of them 'attractive' and young (part of the realism of this film). <br /> <br /> To serve the clients of the beach there is a flatulent, short Seller of ice cream with a van. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), who is Simon's friend, and is also his unofficial advisor. I would think that this character is the main comic element. However, it is difficult to say, since there is nothing in Ben that makes you laugh out loud, unless you were intoxicated, man and very young! However, Maslin beach has an important feature of redemption, and is that it does not take up too much of any subject. As the quality of the performance is variable, the script is suspect and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap, the lack of continuity is a positive advantage. In fact, there is something in this movie (not in nudity) that I find attractive. It is difficult to define what it is, but it could have something to do with its frankness and frank 'Australian' attitude toward carnal matters. <br /> <br /> The camera work in Maslin Beach deserves a mention. Sometimes it is very good, with some static shots and impressive 'pans' from the beach, cliffs and a sunset. As nudity is an important factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of camera work. There is no sense of tip in the frame, which means that the frame is made so that the camera does not stop at "private" body parts. This helps to alleviate any sensation of discomfort of the spectator by being inside the "personal space" of the subject, and makes the film more tasteful. It is not an easy task, given the location for filming. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is not a 'skin movie' for postpubescent men loaded with testosterone, nor a 'Mills and Boon' romance for unappreciated women. Maslin Beach does not seem to fit in any genre. The actors are not "attractive" in the sense of Baywatch, and they are simply "normal" people that you would see on the beach in any place. It does not have a message to convey and it would not even act as a tourism advertisement, apart from perhaps for naturists. Apart from the Australian accent, the filming could have been in any sunny country. What makes this film clearly Australian is the fact that it makes no sense (real cinema?), And that only Australian cinema and other medium-sized national cinemas could consider such an imprudent choice. At the same time, these medium-sized cinemas have room for experimentation in the search for identity, and a "failure" will not damage your reputation too much. It is always possible, given that Maslin Beach is now a collector's item, that the film becomes popular internationally, but it is very unlikely. <br /> <br /> During this review, I have been sounding very negative, sometimes, over the maslin beach. This is not the real position, since the film seemed very easy to see. I enjoyed it as a reflection of the near reality and the real people (and the problems). The problems that the film faces are those of everyday life, and a little scarce in the show. In my opinion, this does not do any harm, and I would like more films to be treated in this way. There is a connection here with the cinemas of Europe, and with the French cinema in particular. Rarely deal with catastrophes or major disasters, but with the everyday. Hollywood is in direct opposition to this, and rides the crest of the real hyperreal action / drama / wave of anguish. The pace is also much faster in Hollywood, but it is not reality. Maslin beach is not exactly 'Jacques Tati' either, but it is on the right track, even if it ignores issues of multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation, etc., which are so important in today's cinema. I'm sure you'll love or hate this movie, with little room for a mid-point. <br /> <br />
