"The Muppets Take Manhattan" is different in many ways from every other Muppet movie made so far. On the one hand, it is still the only Muppet movie that is not owned by Disney. As of 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release) even though Disney owns the rights to the Muppets. Also, this movie has a story line that is very non-linear, and events that are otherwise unpredictable. <br /> <br /> Of course, it's very hard to beat the original 1979 "Muppet Movie", especially since that movie. He had more memorable songs than "Manhattan." However, one of the ways in which "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie" is perhaps surprisingly realistic scenarios. In the first film, all the Muppets have to do is go to Hollywood, go into an agent's office, and immediately get a "Rico y Famoso" contract. In this film, the Muppets learn that they really have to work to achieve the desired success, and it is much more difficult to do so, especially in the entertainment business, than they initially thought. That is an important and often ignored message, as long as one is willing to suspend the disbelief that the Muppets, being small and made of cloth, do not necessarily have to live in a spacious place or even eat respectively. Above all, his struggle to achieve it after graduating from college creates a very good story. Another note: the famous cameos in the movie were great, and surprisingly they managed not to take the focus away from the Muppets. That ability right there is a testimony of Henson, and how attractive the Muppet characters were to even adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" does not work, and this is where I'm sure people will not agree with me, It's with some of the key songs, especially at the end. I thought the wedding song "He will make me happy" was too gloomy for a happy occasion like a wedding. It sounded more like a song played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, listening to that song depresses me in an unusual way, especially when the movie starts in such an optimistic number as "Together Again" and ends happily. "Say goodbye" was also a sad number, but it fit better in the movie because the Muppets were dissolving and they were not sure they would see each other again. That last song was so disappointing, and maybe even added to the misery of the young viewers to see their favorite Muppets leave the big screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is generally a good movie, and one that advances to the beat of a drum different from the other Muppet movies, including the most recent ones made after Jim's death Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the movie also goes in the same direction. I just wanted the movie to end with a better song that was not so melancholy. In addition, Disney should have had the copyrights of this film in their hands and given a proper release on DVD. Maybe one day I will. We'll see.
