This was Muppet's third film and the last one in which Jim Henson participated in the performance before his untimely death in 1990. The first three films starring famous people were made and released in theaters before I was born. Originally I saw the first and second installment of the original trilogy, "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper", around the mid nineties, when I was a kid, but I did not see this third one, "The Muppets Take Manhattan", until April 2007. This was shortly after having seen his two predecessors and 1996's "Muppet Treasure Island" for the first time in many years. This third Muppet movie definitely did not disappoint me the first time I saw it, and my second viewing almost three years later may not have impressed me so much, but if not, it certainly was not too downhill. <Br /> <br /> The musical of the stage of the Muppets, "Manhattan Melodies", turns out to be a great success in its university campus. They are graduating from college, so they will soon leave, but they decide that everyone will stay together and go to Manhattan to try to get their show on Broadway. After their arrival, they start looking for a producer, but after many rejections, they finally decide to separate and look for work. Most of them leave the city, but Kermit stays, and is still determined to find the right producer and reunite the Muppet gang. He gets a job at a restaurant in New York, owned by a man named Pete. The frog quickly becomes friends with Pete's daughter, Jenny, an aspiring fashion designer who currently works as a waitress in her father's restaurant. While Kermit continues his attempts to reach stardom, now with the help of Jenny, he does not know that Miss Piggy has remained a secret in New York and is now spying on him. She begins to see Kermit and Jenny together, and to her it seems they are getting closer, leading to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie for the second time, it looked disappointing at first. It seemed a bit hasty, unfocused, and perhaps even forgettable at first. There are some funny snippets during this part of the movie, like Animal chasing a woman through the audience on the university campus, but for a moment, the film seemed bland compared to its two predecessors. Fortunately, it was not long before that changed. The film is entertained for the most part, with "Saying Goodbye", the moving song that the Muppets sing when they split up, and many things that happen after that. The two funniest parts MAY be Miss Piggy's tantrums after seeing Kermit and Jenny hug each other, but there were definitely many other times I laughed, like poor Fozzie trying to hibernate with other bears. The Muppets still have their charm and their comic antics, which obviously also help to carry the film for the most part, as well as the plot, a simple but intriguing one for all ages. There are some weaker moments, such as the sequence of Muppet babies, and Juliana Donald's performance as Jenny is mediocre, but none of these problems is too significant and far from ruining the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I would say that "The Muppet Movie", the movie that started the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy, and that seems to be the most popular opinion. This third movie is probably the weakest of the three, but they are all good. Unlike "Muppets From Space", the third of the theatrical films in the franchise made after the sad demise of Henson, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still Muppets! I'm not going to go into detail about what I think of the 1999 Muppets movie, released twenty years after the first one, because in my review I already explained why I found it so disappointing, and even though it has a little appeal, clearly I am not alone. However, each theatrical film starring the friendly Muppets that were made during Henson's life is good entertainment for the whole family, even if the second and third installments showed a slight decrease in quality after the one that preceded it directly.
