This movie is not a kung fu movie. This is a comedy about kung fu. And if, before making this film, Sammo Hung had not spent some time watching films by the great French comic filmmaker Jaques Tati (ie, for example, the Jour de fête), he is certainly on the same wavelength. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think that Tati's films are hilarious; But they are not for everyone. Some have told me that they hate their work. I've never understood why, but I think it's because the character that Tati usually interprets is a totally dead bread, unaffected by the events that surround it (which usually causes) that many miss the subtlest comic fragments that happen . In any case, Tati's main problem, or at least the best known, is to take a pretentiously straight petty bourgeoisie with nineteenth-century sensibility and leave it in the France of the 20th century, where it must confront a society. this is largely defined by the gradual erosion of these sensitivities. In general, you have serious difficulties with small things like turntables or radios. It is dangerous in a car, but the world is no safer when you ride a bicycle. But in spite of everything, he never loses his poise, which derives from his internal recognition that the 19th century was more interesting than the 20th in general. <br /> <br /> Similarly, the character played by Sammo Hung is A country boy came to the big city of Hong Kong, completely convinced that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee made movies of kung fu there. This puts him in trouble in small ways, since he takes calmly the chance that would never be noticed in a small city but that is considered inappropriate in a big city, like the moment when he seems to be urinating in the street, a policeman stops him , only to find out that Hung is actually just drawing water from his shirt, soaked during an accidental bath in the bay. The interesting thing about this joke is why Hung does not understand what the police riot is about: in a rural city, as long as nobody is watching, if you have to go, you have to go. In other words, Hung is not really urinating on the street, but he certainly would, and what is the officer's problem? Of course, Hung's obsession with Bruce Lee also puts him in big trouble. Hit a gang of thugs who have refused to pay their uncle, restaurant owner. Of course, in a Bruce Lee movie, the thugs would be considered defeated, and they would have learned the lesson. But in Hung's Hong Kong, the reality unfortunately prevails, and the thugs return when he is not there, to torment his uncle. <br /> <br /> Of course, Hung finally triumphs in the end, as Tati always did. Characters like this must always triumph (at least in comedy) because they are completely innocent, and as such, despite their misunderstandings and comedic misunderstandings, they really represent the best of the humans we admire and wish to be. We really do not want to be Bruce Lee (who has to experience the loss of all his friends before he has a chance to beat the bad guy), we, in our own innocence, really want a world where Lee's heroics are possible. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, that world only exists in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Oh, but what if ...?" - and in that question we find Sammo Hung in his best comic.
