Sometimes realism can go against the effectiveness of a movie. That is not a problem here. The sets are corny, inside and out. The fog is ubiquitous, half disguising the poor state of production. If there is a bar, the name painted on the front window simply says "Wine and spirits". The result is a set of claustrophobic scenes. Not a single shot of a city or even a false horizon. That's the kind of Dublin that this story is about, just like the Jack the Ripper movies are about sleazy, foggy and cobbled Whitechapel. Who would want it otherwise? How could it have been otherwise without bankable stars, a minuscule budget and a four-week shooting program? The action follows his example: outrageously hammy on the part of everyone. Sometimes, my God, it is absolutely unbearable. Mrs. McPhillips moans after Frankie dies outside the house. Victor McLaglin, however, offers exactly the exact type of exaggerated performance. The wardrobe put him in a jacket too small to make it seem to explode like Frankenstein's monster. Each of his movements seems to go a little further than planned. When he hits his head with his cap, he hits himself in the temple. A large, disheveled and tearful baby seems to be constantly drunk. He betrays his best friend for the reward money that will take him and his future girl to the United States, not a good guy in common sense. However, we wince when he begins to spend 20 pounds, more and more during a wild and alcoholic night, because each expensive and grandiose gesture takes him away from his dream. I would not discuss it, but I can understand why he won an Oscar. <br /> <br /> As for Max Steiner's score, wow. All movements, already exaggerated, are not only underlined by the music of Mickey Mouse but are highlighted in bright yellow. It should not have happened: the celestial choirs, the young and endearing loves, the mosque boy, the gurgling melody as McLaglen drinks from the bottle. It would have been better without a score. <br /> <br /> Well, how is it in general? Dated - by any measure, but not a product of your time. That's why I admire him. Yes, the symbolism is clumsy at times. McLaglen, a real doll, banging his head against a hanging sign. The fog. The blind. But what impresses me is how little was being tested at that moment. What seems too artistic to us today was in 1936 something very different from what was seen in most programmers at that time. If it falls short sometimes, it does not matter. The film was an act of courage, both politically and morally, as well as poetically. (The legion of decency condemned him because of a scene in a brothel). The goal of a director must exceed its scope, or what is a script for? Looking at it now, however, in 2006, the story is more disturbing than ever. John Ford obviously sympathized with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only for what they see as a need. ("He knows too much to live in. What if he goes to the Tans? Oh, I'm not thinking of myself, but of all of us, in Ireland itself.") The Irish are sentimentalized and sympathetic. I wonder if the jihadists in the Middle East do not use a similar logic to justify their acts of violence.
