In the mid-1930s, Hollywood was regaining its confidence after the difficulties of the transition to conversation. Although all the technical problems of the sound were solved very quickly, it took more time to solve the questions of how the spoken images should look, how they should be structured and how to act. The informant is a key image, since it shows to what extent the moments without words can transmit stories, affirming the images of power without ignoring the needs of sound and dialogue. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that the informant is truly a throwback to the golden days of silences. On the one hand, many silent images were not so purely visual in their narrative, and they were overloaded with title cards. But what the informant has is self-confidence to extend the moments between the dialogues, to focus on the reactions rather than the speeches, and let the shots unfold simply for the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Director John Ford, for all his capacity, was a filmmaker who seems to have strived in proportion to how interested he was in the material. If he thought a story was silly, he just did it half-heartedly. Fortunately, the informant, with his representation of community, honor, life of the working class and, most importantly, the Irish environment, was all that Ford loved, and the result is one of his best works. In it, Ford only uses too many types of shooting. The first is from places ?? the streets of Dublin were shrouded in mist and darkness so that their faintest depths would not be seen; Dirty interiors where walls and ceilings seem to press on us. The second is of faces, with close-ups against smooth backgrounds, usually without dialogue, which focus on the internal conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> The leader Victor McLaglen fits perfectly into this character and this way of filming him. The performance of McLaglen does not seem much, since it is about 90% drunk. But the other 10% are emotional emotions, because here and there your Gypo Nolan has what alcoholics call a moment of clarity. With such performances the Oscars are won. McLaglen is supported by a cast of support, among which there are no weak links. In particular, it's good to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, who usually only see themselves in comic relief roles, performing direct dramatic parts for once (although Meek's appearance contains one or two jokes, the tone of the scene and much of his style is serious). These two not only offer incredibly deep performances, but his familiarity with most viewers as comedy players gives him an additional note of his role in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, who produced the Informer, was perhaps the most adventurous and willing to take risks from all the great studios. Thanks to this, we are able to see a grim story with a despicable antihero in its center, which could easily have been an awkward and excessively serious disaster, filled with an atmosphere of bad mood and a depth of character that keeps us watching and attracts us to your world.
