Once again, morning television is an invaluable resource for movies that I otherwise would never have been able to locate. At four in the morning, I got out of bed to start recording 'The Informer (1935)', my fourth film by the prolific American director John Ford, and an excellent one. Set during the Irish Civil War in 1922, the script was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the novel of the same name by Liam O'Flaherty. Although he was born in the United States and is most famous for his "American" photos, both of Ford's parents were Irish, which explains the director's decision to direct the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a brutal but well-meaning ruffian who reports on an old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), to claim the 20-pound reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie dies during his arrest attempt, the Irish Republican Army, of which both Frankie and Gypo were members, begins to investigate the traitor behind the incident, and each track brings them closer and closer to the real culprit. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Gypo is plagued by guilt over his friend's untimely death, and descends into an attack of alcoholism that rivals Don Birnam in "The Lost Weekend (1945)" in his excess. When Gypo drowns his sorrows in copious volumes of alcohol, trapped in a vicious circle of depression, his extravagant spending captures the attention of the IRA members they investigate. For once in his life, Gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers (including a fun J.M. Kerrigan), who pat him on the back with enthusiasm and baptizes him as "Gypo King" for his physical power. However, it is obvious that these people do not feel affection for man and are simple showing him attention to exploit it for money. The additional £ 20 that Frankie's death brought could never buy Gypo an assembly of friends? In fact, in a bitter touch of irony, the money was only possible thanks to the betrayal and loss of one of his only good companions. A relatively simple type, Gypo possibly could not have fully considered the consequences of his actions, and finally he was offered forgiveness because he "does not know what he was doing", but his folly should not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> On occasion, the Ford film is criticized for its supposedly propagandistic support of a "terrorist" organization. Although this position obviously depends on one's personal views (I certainly do not know enough Irish history to make a judgment), there is no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican Army as selfless, dedicated and impartial, a proud piece of patriotism Irish if I ever saw it However, the main theme of the story is that of betrayal; Driven by intense poverty, a common man betrays the trust of his good friend and deeply regrets his actions. The tormented Gypo is played primarily out of compassion, and Victor McLaglen offers a powerful performance that betrays a lifetime of unsatisfactory existence, culminating in a terrible decision that condemns him to an uncomfortable death. 'The Informer' was John Ford's first big success at the Oscars, earning a total of four (of six nominations), including Best Actor for McLaglen (who snatched the statue from the three favorites of 'Mutiny on the Bounty' (1935) '), Best Director and Best Screenplay for Dudley Nichols (who rejected the award due to union disagreements}.
