John Ford is one of the most influential and best-remembered American filmmakers in film history, his name usually associated with the Western film genre. However, possibly John Ford's best film is not a western at all, but a shabby drama set in Ireland's independence struggle in the early 1920s: The Informer of 1935. <br /> <br / > Times are hard for many in Ireland and Gypo Nolan is caught in a network of poverty and despair, and the walls are closing. Gypo is big, but it is not the brightest bulb in the tree, it has a warm heart but it has a short fuse, and it seems that it never thinks all the way, but he is not a criminal or a self-centered pig. Walking the streets without hunger, without where to live, the huge Gypo Nolan finds the best lady in his life, Katie Madden, in the streets requesting herself due to her own desperate situation and begins to dream of taking her to the United States , only if I had 20 pounds to pay for it. Luckily, his friend Frankie is back in the city with a price of 20 pounds on his head and Gypo is desperate enough to inform the police of Frankie's whereabouts. Gypo, with the new 20 Pounds of blood money earned, finds this foggy night especially confusing when guilt is everywhere and the IRA invests all its resources to find Frankie's informant. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen portrays the fallen Gypo Nolan and definitely deserved the Oscar for Best Actor that was granted for this film. His brutal, stupid and tender turns give him the dimension of character and McLaglen is only surpassed by Arthur Bach, the character of Dudley Moore from the 1981 film Arthur, as the most entertaining film drunk. Margot Grahame's performance as Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglen are the only cast members who really impress. Preston Foster is especially wicked as head of IRA, mainly because he is obviously not Irish, and JM Kerrigan is merely irritated throughout his role in the film, but this disappointing cast is the only negative point of the film. <br /> <br /> Often overshadowed by some of Ford's best-known westerns such as The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, The Informer is easily one of John Ford's best films, if not the best. From what would be a long career with Oscar nominations and victories for John Ford, The Informer won four Oscars, including one for him as best director in 1936. The use of shadows and light by Ford and the company in the film is particularly attractive and vital to tell the story. The walk of Gypo through the streets is narrated by the somber state of the city and the evident accusations of the lampposts, each shadow constantly reminds him of his dark work. Ford's mastery of this technique was amazing to see; If The Informer was made 10 years later (therefore, the requirements of the genre) it would probably be considered one of the best movies in the world, but that does not stop it from being remembered as an excellent classic movie.
