Maybe it's because I looked for the history of the Irish problems in the 1920s and then the sad Civil War that engulfed the Free State after the signing of the treaty before seeing this film. Anyway, the sudden turn at the end brought tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as he was then, and it should be better to remember him. In this film, I think he is interpreting himself as he would have been without his innate talent and brains. For example, scenes in which his friend in the crowd challenges men to fight him probably recalls what McLaglen did in previous years, when he was a world-class boxer. John Ford is partly responsible for that; The question and answer section of IMDb shows how he tricked McLaglen into getting a really bad hangover for the trial scene. This director could also get a lot out of his actors, even without such tricks. However, above all, McLaglen has firm control, especially when his character is almost entirely blotto (which is hard to believe for an actor), and also plays Gypo Nolan with surprising depth and emotional power for someone who just has seen McLaglen later in his career, in "The Quiet Man". I especially like the contrast between this role as an IRA man and the much more obviously controlled performance that IRA man Denis Hogan gave in "Hangman's House". <br /> <br /> In "The Quiet Man", of course, McLaglen is a squire of the country at odds with the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was big and stalker, in the old-fashioned sense of the word, but he was also a good actor, and was capable of a wide range and fine nuances of performance that we simply would not expect from such a man today. It is a rather sad comment about our own set of expectations and prejudices. <br /> <br /> Ford, as usual, packs a lot in a little film. All the characters are excellent (although the Major's American accent distracts) - NOTE: There will be spoilers ahead! - Knowing that Gypo once took out the short straw and was ordered to kill a man, but instead let him out of it, we really feel sorry for the man who draws the short straw to run Gypo, and the humanity that shows , most especially when they are going to take Gypo to Mary's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford really shows his genius here, taking what might have been an awful but expected result for the whole story and, instead, using it to establish a totally unexpected and very satisfying ending that makes us think not only of Gypo and the other characters, but of poor Ireland during that tortured time.
