Victor McLaglen, the main character in John Ford's THE INFORMER, reminded me of the man in Fellini's LA STRADA circus. Anthony Quinn played the brutal man, who may even have been influenced by the Oscar-winning performance by McLaglen. Dublin, battered by poverty, is the atmospheric scene of the real life of the image, which takes place in 1922. The dense fog and a long and humid night are the main elements of a story about the deep Irish patriotism and the struggle of the Irish Republican Army. The conflict of individuality and the cause is what makes THE INFORMATOR mark. McLaglen's big and simple character just wants to go to the United States and they remind us frequently of the price signals of a ticket. Two different signs become the psychological center of the drunk Irishman. One is the previous, the other a DESIRED sign. Should he do it and get the money to go? <br /> <br /> John Ford once said a famous saying: "My name is Ford, I make westerns." After watching this movie, obviously I could do much more. The serious social problems that are discussed here are sincere and in which you will find yourself thinking. And the look of the piece is amazing, and consists of long dark shadows that cut a miserable night out of Ireland. Ford was always known for his luminescent and beautiful cinematography that helped foresee conflicts within his characters. This is hard in color, but he did it in images like THE SEARCHERS, painting John Wayne in a sometimes cruel way. The performance of Victor McLaglen not only benefits from lighting, but also by the simple simplicity of his performance. He pushes a lot. He hits people. He is a brute who does not know better. However, you must know whether or not to cross the IRA. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie to learn the important details. See it also for the patriotic description of McLaglen and Ford of the IRA. Max Steiner's score is innovative in the way he combines the gestures of the characters, putting more emphasis on them. This was usually only seen in silent movies, especially in Chaplin. Obviously, the issue of naming names or "informing" is still important. Just look at how the media covered this year's Oscars, paying close attention to the Elia Kazan scandal.
