With the release of Peter Jackson's famous "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, it is even easier to dismiss Ralph Bakshi's animated film, The Lord of the Rings, as inferior. I agree with most that the Jackson trilogy is the essential film adaptation of Tolkien's work, but that does not stop me from enjoying Bakshi's ambitious pioneering effort. Jackson has admitted that he received at least some inspiration from watching the Bakshi movie and there are some clear similarities between his adaptations. <br /> <br /> The picturesque and picturesque backgrounds of the film are excellent and the score is memorable. He was mostly satisfied with the drawings of the characters. The couples of Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel can not be distinguished visually, the Balrog and the Treebeard were not impressive, but these points did not bother me much. However, the Nazgul are properly drawn and mysterious enough. The only character representation that bothered me was Sam's; It was made to look a bit silly. <br /> <br /> This movie is new because of its animation techniques. In addition to the hand-drawn characters, the live actors are incorporated into the animation by rotoscoping. It is quite evident which characters are drawn by hand and which are rotoscopizados, but nevertheless, I discovered that the style of the film was a novelty. The use of live actors with rotoscopes for the battle scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes go well. <br /> <br /> The voice acting was generally of high quality. Particularly good was John Hurt, who provided an authorized voice for Aragorn. Aragorn is not one of my favorite characters in the stories, but backed by the voice of John Hurt, was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice is appropriately strong for Gandalf. The only actor that seemed inappropriate was Michael Scholes as Sam, whose acting voice was annoying and added to the unfortunate image of Sam. The only other annoying part of the voice acting is the mispronunciation of the names of characters and places. Particularly strange was the decision to refer to Saruman frequently as "Aruman". <br /> <br /> In producing this film, Ralph Bakshi hoped to have the ability to produce two films. Therefore, this film contains about half the story, from the beginning of "The Fellowship of the Ring" to the end of the battle in Helm's Deep in "The Two Towers". The obvious implication of this is that the story of the film is a highly condensed version of the history of the books. I enjoy the original stories and more complete adaptations, but the freedoms taken to compress the story did not bother me, not even the option of leaving Arwen out of the story. Enough of the key elements of the story was in this film to stay engaged all the time and there was even a novelty in being able to review half of the Lord of the Rings story in 132 minutes. The battle scenes were impressive and, in particular, the march of the orcs and the battle in Helm's Deep were tremendous. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi's version of "The Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and certainly a series of Lord readers of The Rings lament the cuts of history. However, for me the drawbacks of this film were minor compared to the thrill of seeing an effective adaptation of half of a great trilogy. My only regret is that I can not see the second part of this "first great story" of The Lord of the Rings, since Bakshi was not given the budget to create a sequel.
