I like this movie and it bothers me that so many "critics" classify it below the Peter Jackson trilogy. A filmed novel is always interpretive; in particular, an animated film is based on the artist's vision and must be judged on its own terms. Speaking as a purist, this is a better tribute to Tolkien than the updated version. While this film has its flaws, it remains more true to the source, especially in regard to the characters. <br /> <br /> In Jackson's version, Tolkien's Frodo is barely recognizable: from the first scenes he is described as a weak, constantly hesitant, manipulated by the forces that surround him and never standing on his own feet (This is physically and metaphorically true). You wonder why destiny chose this soft cookie to carry the only ring to the Cracks of Destiny. Jackson, in an unforgivable way, rewrites Tolkien and steals from Frodo his best moment when he allows Arwen to rescue him from the Ringwraiths ... Bakshi's version respects the original, presenting a Frodo who demands the spectra "Come back and do not bother me more! " Bakshi holds the character of Frodo as conceived by Tolkien. We see its decrease as the weight of its load increases. Frodo is so fundamental to The Lord of the Rings that he wonders why Jackson took such liberties (he does so with numerous characters) since the development of the character drives the plot to its inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film explores better the company between Legolas and Gimli in a few judicious scenes that completely lack Jackson's version. Similarly, we see Boromir riding with Pippin and Merry, promoting the idea of ​​companionship. For my taste, the camaraderie is more developed in the animated version than in the live action. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important ingredient in novels and Bakshi pays tribute to this in one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the song "Merry Old Inn", minutes before stumbling with Strider. The joyful melody is juxtaposed in a chilling way with the darker musical theme when seconds later, invisible to his friends but visible to the ghosts, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric parts of the movie and it relaxes me every time I see it. <br /> <br /> Well-documented time / budget constraints limit the final impact of this movie, but if it had been completed it could have resonated with more viewers. As it is, it's worth checking out. Even his detractors admit that Peter Jackson derived much of his inspiration from this prototype.
