Like a 1978 animated movie, this is pretty good, generally well above the level of the days when Disney had not done anything good in years (and Tolkien cared little about Disney anyway). You get important points for an innovative and careful camera work, applying kinematic techniques with relative success. The renowned rotoscope actually works quite well, especially with the Ringwraiths and the initial narration. However, it is used excessively drastically, possibly as a technique to save money, which detracts from the overall effect. The same technique that makes spectra scary and otherworldly does not work as well in the Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> As for the adaptation of the story, it's actually pretty good. We lose little details here and there, minor details like the Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, the Gaffer and the Sackville-Bagginses. We compress some characters, like checking Legolas as one of the members of the Elrond family and an old friend of Aragorn, but that is a pretty good decision for the film. In the books he has space to include references to the larger world of the vast history of the Elves and Middle Earth. In the cinema, you exchange that for images and sound that transmit the same elements in a different way. Nothing critical is really lost here, and although I have some minor doubts about some of the changes, I'm generally pretty happy with them. <br /> <br /> If only intoxicated writers could have remembered Saruman's name, he is often called Aruman, a decision that probably was made to make him more distinct from Sauron; I took a second visit before I was sure I had not heard it wrong. It is also annoying that Boromir is a bloody Viking, and irritable from the start. However, Gandalf is excellent, and most of the rest of the voice work is excellent. I wish John Hurt was not too old to play Aragorn; I love your voice <br /> <br /> Of course, with the film ending in the middle point of the story, there is a great disappointment built into it. What makes it much, much worse, is the totally miserable job Rankin does. & Bass the crew in the sequel. That they were allowed to do the Return of the King after killing the Hobbit remains a great mystery; They seem more interested in bad songs than in proper narration. Despite all its flaws, the heart of this film is solidly in place and strives to achieve an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the next series of films stays true to his vision ...
