More than twenty years before Peter Jackson's visionary adaptation of The Lord Of The Rings, there was this animated 1978 effort by director Ralph Bakshi. An ambitious and reasonably faithful version of the story, which sadly has been surpassed by Jackson's trilogy. In fact, many reviewers here in the IMDb (mainly those who saw the most recent version first) seem to be extremely cruel with this version ... but if it applies a little common sense, and takes into consideration the time it was made and The technical possibilities that existed at that moment, then you will realize that this is a pretty good movie. In fact, shortly after seeing this animated film in the early 80's, I looked for Tolkien's book and immediately became a fan of these rich adventures of Middle-earth. So, in some ways, I owe this film a degree of recognition as the movie that shaped my literary tastes forever. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Lord of Middle-earth, forges an almighty ring that gives him incredible power. After a great battle during which Sauron is defeated, the ring falls into the possession of a king named Isildur. but instead of destroying it, he foolishly chooses to keep it. For centuries, the ring passes from hand to hand, eventually reaching the possession of a hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who lives in a community of peace-lovers known as The Shire. Frodo learns from a magician named Gandalf that his ring is in fact The One Ring, the same one that Sauron forged all those centuries ago, and that his master is once again looking for him to restore his dark power over the whole earth. Frodo embarks on a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbit companions, but each step of the way they are hunted by Sauron's spectrum rings, the Black Riders. Many adventures follow, during which a company of nine adventurers is formed to guide the ring to the only place where you can "undo". Mount Doom, in the land of Mordor. The film concludes with Frodo and his best friend Sam in the borders of Mordor, getting closer and closer to his horrible destiny. Meanwhile, Gandalf and the other members of the company fight against a huge army of orcs in the legendary fortress of Helm's Deep. <br /> <br /> This version covers something more than half of the original book. A second installment was planned to end the story, but unfortunately it was never completed. While the ending feels abrupt, at least it ends at a sensitive point in history. One has to feel a bit of frustration and regret that there is no sequel in which we can follow these animated heroes to their final goal. The animation is passable, with a good variety of places and characters presented with interesting details. The music of Leonard Rosenman is moving and adapts appropriately to the epic narrative. The voice-overs are also decent, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes, who provides the voice to Sam, is rather cheesy and silly, which is not suitable for the character. The Lord Of The Rings is a commendable attempt to visualize the amazing book on which it is based.
