H.G. Wells in 1936 had passed his prime and his books that survived had been left behind. He came to the end of his life and faced that his dream had become bitter. At the beginning of the 20th century, he defended the idea that the world was condemned because the evolution of species, natural biology, on the one hand, and Marxism, the market economy, on the other, necessarily led to the victory of the weaker. The strongest due to the simple number criterion. The weakest were the mass of humanity and the strongest were the minority elites. He then defended a strict eugenic policy with the elimination of all those that in some way weakened the human race. First of all non-Caucasians, with the only exception of Jews who would disappear thanks to mixed marriages. Then, within the Caucasus community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, the mentally disabled, all those who had genetic disabilities, etc. That was not Hitler. That was H.G. Wells and it was not after the first world war. That was more than ten years ago. And twenty years before the First World War, he had published The Time Machine, which defended the idea that the human "race", abandoned by its own means and due to the vast cosmological evolution of life on earth, would see the differentiation of the human "race" into two "species: the working class would become a laborious subterranean species and the bourgeoisie would become a kind of idle surface." The point was in the novel that the sophisticated and weak idle species of the The surface was the prey of the other species that were predators, Wells was convinced that humanity was in danger and politicians had to stop this evolution by imposing a strict eugenic policy.The first countries that followed this mandate were the Scandinavian countries. , which were also the last to drop it very recently for some of them.The film here proposes a vision of 2036 with a government a world that is absolutely dictatorial in the fact that there are no elections, no parliament, no really democratic institution, only the peace imposed by the military conquest, and the government is dominated by one man or in general. The most unipersonal and its few councilors. And in that future world all, absolutely all human beings are Caucasian. Wells could imagine humanity completely white by 2036. Unbelievable. Wells imagined some kind of rebellion, but that would be short-lived and would lead to nothing. The last sentences are the vision of this white civilization that conquers the entire universe when contemplating the sky and its stars and planets. Scary. And that happened in 1936. The most frightening and nowhere is the slightest mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism. But it is essential to have that film in a well-restored edition because it is crucial to have a complete view of H.G. Wells. Obviously, we are very far from the Happy World of the absolute "democratic" social selection, or the Animal Farm of the dictatorship of the porcine proletariat, or the 1984 of the abstract media dictatorship of the Big Brother. This vision is at least as terrifying as the other three. And I just want to compare Wells to the British science fiction writers of his time. It would be unfair to go further. This reveals that in England, in these first three decades of the twentieth century, there was a tremendous fear among the intellectuals: the fear that the future would only be somber, somber and in the form of a dead end of some kind. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University Versailles Saint Quentin in Yvelines
