The message of a world on the verge of war is ignored by the masses; The mythical city of Everytown in 1940 represents England in general, but could represent any nation in the world. When the war finally arrives, the ravages continue not for another five years, but until 1966, when Everytown is completely destroyed. In addition to the desolation and the cost to humanity is the "wandering disease", a pestilence that continues for another four years. <br /> <br /> "Things to Come" balances a vision of the fatalistic and futuristic world, where science resists A hope for a revived civilization. The concept "Wings Over the World" is a bit corny, although its spokesman Cabal (Raymond Massey) is unshakeable in his mission and is dedicated to his cause. If he fails, others will follow him. This message is continually reinforced throughout the film, which is convincingly reflected in the end of Massey's film speech. The insatiable need of man to prove the limits of knowledge and achievement requires a mentality of "the whole universe or nothing." <br /> <br /> The images of automation and machinery of the film in the second half are reminiscent of the great silent film "Metropolis". As Everytown is rebuilt and transformed by the year 2036, the renaissance show of the city becomes a resonant chord, as the architecture of today's modern cities suggests that the strangely prophetic vision of the film is giving its fruits While the film is wrong for sixty-seven years it is man's first mission to the moon, but in 1936, a calendar of a hundred years probably seemed more legitimate than the one in 1969. <br /> <br /> "Things to Come "is one of those rarities in the cinema, an image that makes you think. On what side will it fall, the forces to advance in the face of uncertainty or to maintain the status quo? It is not a comfortable question, since both options offer inherent dangers and unknown results. Those who choose to be spectators run the risk of being dragged by forces beyond their control.
