"THINGS TO COME" Review of the film by kWRice <br /> <br /> Here is another science fiction movie full of wonders from a different time and place. It is a film that I have only seen in truncated parts, but art must be taken as a whole. I experienced this movie as it was designed, in a dark theater, on a silver screen, with spinning film reels and an audience to share it. That audience and I were made by this movie! A woman who lived through World War II was stifled by the havoc of the war remembered and recovered by the positive, if corny, end. <br /> <br /> The things that caught my attention from the beginning were the initial credits. The first thing we see is "H.G. Wells" in bold, angular block, like the "Superman" of yesteryear. It is not the title of the film, but the title of the creator, and then, before other humans appear, as actors or production, director William Cameron Menzies is up there! Who? You've probably seen his work before, "Around the World in 80 Days," "Yankee Pride" and "Gone with the Wind." He did not direct after this epic sci-fi opera he and Mr. Wells created, but his film images, settings and design are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> That image is very effective. I recognized images of many other movies that have paid homage to this classic. The recent "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is obvious, along with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasy," "Monty Python and the Holy Grail," "Captain of the Sky and the World of Tomorrow," "Night of the Living Dead." and much more. I know, but from what titles I escape. These are real special effects here, the scenes that are now made with CGI are made with actors, large sets and detailed models. This film was made in 1936, and it is obvious that it meant something to the other authors. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, making the music, and Korda, the producer, to create a masterpiece with message, warning and sermon. <br /> <br /> The lines of the Shakespearean actors Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey talk, sometimes sounds like preaching, but I also heard phrases that I still hear now. "These toys that children have today are nothing like me when I was a kid," "It will help develop their coordination," "Why do we need books, why do we need to read?", "We do not need cars, there's no where to go, we have everything we need here "," There will be no war ". But there is war! The naive citizens of "Everytown" refuse to see the literal writing on the wall. The endless war explodes on Christmas Eve. The child who wants to be a good soldier like his dad is an image that will probably always stay with me. This is the world of 1936 that wore blinders before the appeasement of Hitler. This war does not end. The poisonous gas from the air wars continues in the second act. <br /> <br /> It's another dark age. No government, no service and people carried forward and applauded the war on which nobody remembers anything. Plague, warlords and bullying to make the planes fly in search of fuel that no longer exists. The loved ones are shot in the street, before they can bring the plague to another. Half way there is a wonderful vignette on the Rolls Royce, which is a very necessary respite halfway. In this, a futuristic plane that announces the future lands. <br /> <br /> That future is the third act. The world has been rebuilt with the help of that "puny animal, man". Helicopters fly in this movie, even before they were invented. The Plumber's Helper has other uses than those of Dalek or Glenn Miller. The widescreen plasma screens seduce the masses and the speakers incite people to tear down everything. "Beware of concussion, you have been warned!", The father of the city warns the unbridled population. So be careful, this movie could hit you like it hit me. There are some errors and erroneous calculations, but the idealism that makes one think is what is really worth thinking about again, and I want to see this ingenious movie again. Others criticize Mr. Wells's vision. It is very easy to work with a 20/20 retrospective with regard to things, suits and foley mistakes. I think that "Things to Come" by Mr. Wells is not about things, but about concepts, social trends and philosophical ideals. In addition, we are now beginning the new millennium and we are not yet to come. This is not a cheap cardboard of British science fiction, but it is worth the epic filmed opera, without singing, which as a whole overcomes some minor deficiencies of date.
