I must admit a slight disappointment with this movie; I had read a lot about how spectacular it was, however, the actual futuristic sequences, the Age of Science, occupy a very small amount of the film. The sets are excellent when we have them, and there are some amazing images, but this final sequence is missing in many other aspects ... <br /> <br /> Much of the best drama of the piece is in the middle section, and then it reproduces itself as melodrama, arising from the "high concept" science fiction nature of all this, and an insufficiently robust dialogue. However, there is much more human life in this part, with the great Ralph Richardson sailing gloriously over the top like the little dictator, the "Boss" of Everytown. I loved Richardson's gestures and the abrupt surrender of lines, discarding the presence and ideas of the distant and trusting visitor of Raymond Massey. This boss is a convincingly deceiving posturing figure, unable to realize the small nature of his kingdom ... It is not a great role, however, Richardson makes a large part of it. <br /> <br /> Each city in itself is presumably destined to be England, or at least an English city quite representative of England. Interesting was the complete avoidance of any religious side of things; the 'things to come' seem to revolve around a conflict between war barbarism and a faith in science that seems to have little final goal, but to continue and follow. There is a late attempt to raise some arguments and tensions in the last section, in relation to a more personal "life", but one is quite dissatisfied. The film does not have much interest in subtle complexities; goes for the show barnstorming and morality not very subtle, forceful, every time. And, of course, remember the end of the insured bet: Raymond Massey increasingly lyrical about how uncertain things are! <br /> <br /> Regarding the question that the movie is a prediction: I must say that it is not so bad as such, considering that one obviously allows it to be impossible to obtain the details of life correctly. Larger conceptions have something for them; a war in 1940, well, maybe that was predictable ... It lasted almost 30 years, mind? A nuclear bomb, the "super gun" or some similar device, in 2036 ... A technocratic socialist "we do not believe in independent national states," British-type government in Britain after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately not close in that, boys! ;-) Here there is no real policy, which is a shame; all that emerges is a highly praiseworthy antiwar feeling. In general, it is assumed that the dictatorship, whether it be a Luddite-Fascist head, as in the case of the Chief, or scientific socialism of all hands to the bomb, will be the deal *, and these implications will not be addressed. Although we must remember that, in 1936, it was not known at all how Nazism and communism would turn out, or even how they were developing, the lack of consideration of this seems docile, in addition to the scope of the vision of filmmakers on other issues . <br /> <br /> Much of the above should, and could, have been cut in my opinion; only the shorter things of '1940' would have been necessary, however, this segment tends to be quite heavy, and it's been years before we get to the Richardson-Massey parts. I would have liked to have seen more things with Margareta Scott; who is only a little skeptical, cutting a Mediterranean figure with flashing eyes with an insignificant purpose. The character is not explored, nor explained or exploited frankly, except for a scene that I will not spoil, and his relationship with the Boss is not explored; But then this was in the 1930s, and at that time there was widespread institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is slightly amused in his two roles; more so in the first as a hapless chap, praying for war, only to be shot down by another Massey character. Massey himself helps things a lot, playing his parts with a mixture of moderation and a somber feeling, which contrast well with a rather shy cast, except for Richardson, and Scott and Chapman, slightly. <br /> <br /> I would say that "Things to Come" is undoubtedly an extraordinary film that was made in Britain in 1936; One of the few serious British sci-fi movies to date, in fact! Its design of set (piece) and the use of resources are voracious, wonderful. <br /> <br /> However, the script is, ultimately, too serious and, sometimes, the whole place. The direction is prone to a plain, although in some cases it increases a scenic gear. However, the director of photography and Mr. Richardson really save things; respectively, creating an astonished sense of amazement at the technology and an attractive and choppy performance that is always fooled. It is a pity that there is so little substance or a true filmic conception of all this; Powell and Pressburger would have been the perfect directors to take on a task like this: they have no competition among British directors as bold visual narrators, great helmsmen of characters and merchants in first class dialogue. <br /> <br /> "Things to Come", in its current form, is an intriguing curiosity, well worth reading, but it is far from being a "Metropolis" ... 'It's like "silly", in Wells' words, like that Lang movie, still With nothing like the amazing strength of it.
