This first science fiction masterpiece by Herbert George Wells with music by Arthur Bliss is a powerful film piece. Adapted from the somewhat different work of Wells by the author, it presents a look at the human future with the theme of periods of war instead of periods of "peace". The structure is that after a contrasted pair of episodes of normality and of accumulating clouds of war, the script allows the war to happen. Two families, the Cabells and the Passworthys do not agree on what can happen; Passworthy has an optimistic view of the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is the thinker, the one who doubts. His city, Everytown, obviously London, is ruined by a war with tanks, a magnificent war march of Bliss and the end of civilization. The second part finds people living in the rubble of what had been the city under a "Boss", played with bravery by Ralph Richardson, whose wife, the lovely Margaretta Scott, is a dreamer as fascinating as a type of dictator linked to concrete. He is trying to rebuild the old World War I planes so he can attack a tribe from the nearby hill to complete his small kingdom; a young scientist complains that his work interrupts the demands of planes, etc., forever; This is Wells's comment about the war on progress. Survivors are also subject to a plague called "The Wandering Sickness." Enter a modern flying machine piloted by Cabell in the first section of the film, now part of Wings Over the World, an International Coalition of Scientists, who plan to end the war forever. This flight modernist has fascinating conversations with the Boss and his wife, their attraction being evident; then Boss sends his plane against them, the scientists come with a large number of planes and drop the "Gas of Peace" in the ruins of Everytown. Only the boss dies, fighting too hard against pacification. Then, the film shows how the ore is mined and, as it progresses slowly, in the beams of a magnificent futuristic city of towers. In section three, a future Cabell discusses with a passable future about the morality of human science. Passive wonders if they have the right to send men to the Moon; The right of man to the advances of Cabell and the need to expand their horizons. The son of Passworthy and the daughter of Cabell, are the astronauts who are being sent. Theotocopulos, a religious-minded Luddite, delivers a fierce speech on a giant screen in the City Forum and heads an attack on the 'space weapon' that consists of firing the new free rocket of Earth's gravity. The climax of the plot is the successful firing of the space pistol; The outcome and the end is a speech by Cabell praising the value and science that is universally considered as the deepest defense of the written mind. "It's the whole universe - or nothing!" Cabell tells Passworthy. "What will it be?" Like Cabell, Raymond Massey gives perhaps his best acting on the screen; He is considered, compassionate and reasonable, a true scientist. As the agitator who wants to end the Age of Science, Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman playing Passworthy becomes admirably personifying the voice of convention and fear. The plot is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Given the near extinction of humanity, the idea of ​​a civilization led by reconstructive scientists becomes plausible and credible to the viewer. This is a triumph for the director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for all involved. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love; Within its built limits, this is the drama of a thinking man who discusses two possible human futures: progress or its reactionary counterpart.
