He was just a baby gun when George Lucas was captivating the world with his Saga out of this world, telling the adventures of the young Luke Skywalker and the famous Darth Vadar, but even today, 20 years later, I can appreciate the genius that is Lucas and the incredible. The imagination with which he has been blessed. In A New Hope, Lucas showed a new way of telling stories while introducing us to such memorable characters as Princess Leia, Rougish Han Solo and the animated Luke Skywalker, as well as the most beloved villain, the sinister Darth Vadar. In The Empire Strikes Back, he did everything he could to show us that special effects can be added to a story and achieved something no one thought you could do on the screen. He made a movie without a specific ending or beginning and it was a delight. Return of the Jedi is an appropriate ending to a saga that will stand the test of time. <br /> <br /> When The Empire Srtikes Back ended with the imprisonment of the adorable Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to deliver it to Jabba the Hut and the young Luke, bewildered by the discovery of a terrible truth about his Father, he left us with the feeling that things were going from bad to worse. Vadar seemed to have won the day. How do we ask the rebels to recover from this blow? In the dazzling and captivating final chapter of Lucas, they keep us on the edge of our seats, from Han's daring rescue from Jabba's palace to the final climactic battle in the Death Star between Lucas and Vadar while Lucas struggles between fulfilling his duties as Jedi and rebel fighter and trying to reawaken the good that he believes is still in the soul of his Father. <br /> <br /> Old friends like to talk softly Lando Calrissian and the ever-friendly Chewbacca meet for a final battle to end all battles as a new darker one. A dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the Emperor himself (played by the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud, how to lose an Oscar is a mystery). He's desperate to turn Luke into the Dark Side, even if that means betraying his apprentice Darth Vadar. Black with his red eyes, his disfigured white spooky face and his sinister laugh, is really a terrifying addition to history and is the undisputed Master of the events that unfold. His new and improved Death Star is a disaster for the rebels, but the brave group launched a last desperate attack to end the reign of the Empire forever. <br /> <br /> Lucas managed to incorporate three different stories at the same time and keep the action so that the audience is fascinated. We watched with emotion as Han and Leia tried to tear down the shield around the Death Star from the Forest of the Moon of Endor with the help of some adorable Ewoks (whom I really do not think are detached from the film. They provide a respite from the tension of the battles in and on the Death Star and are hampered by legions of Stormtroopers and Imperial Officers.We encourage Lando and the other pilots as they face the mighty Imperial Fleet and risk life and extremities. to fly to Deatn Star to destroy it once and for all, and we watch with great expectation as Vadar and the Emperor try to turn Luke into the Dark Side while he, in turn, tries to push back his Father. <br /> <br /> But for me, the hardest and most convincing battle is that Passing into Darth Vadar.For ROTJ it's a battle of emotions and feelings.Vardar is caught between his loyalty to Emporer and the Empire and their paternal inclinations to Lucas. I never thought that a mask could show emotion, but somehow one can not see the confusion and pain in Vadar's face during the final scenes when the Emporer turns to Luke. Vadar has more depth and emotion than he thought a villain, especially one more machine that man could have and I think that is what makes it so accessible. He is in conflict. The apprentice as much as the teacher. The victim as much as the villain. Without ruining the end too much, the final scene of Vadar is the most moving and wonderful of the trilogy. <br /> <br /> So, to conclude, what can I say? George Lucas is the master of the saga. Star Wars is the most compelling and attractive Sagas I have seen in a long time and I still have to see another rival Saga. Return of the Jedi has all the necessary ingredients to provide the Lucas masterpiece he deserves. It's action, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy, all in one, and its memorable characters, wonderful special effects and catchy music make this a great movie in itself and an end Lucas can be proud of.
