Well, my title is a bit scarce, and it almost sells this short film. I remember seeing Siskel and Ebert in '94 talking about this movie and then playing one or two clips. Not being a kid aware of rap (although I could identify the music of Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer), I was not very interested when they started talking about the movie. But then, S & E showed the scene in which the band explains how they chose their name (using a bit of "somber" logic and a lot of "invented" facts), and then another scene in which the band, and their rival band , visit a school to promote participation (and, of course, NWH comes up with some "information" about how the leader of the rival gang is a loser because he got good grades in school and was on the yearbook committee ). So I filed it to see this movie. <br /> <br /> A couple of years later, this thing appears on HBO and I recorded it, only to laugh my ass for hours. Yes, it has a kind of "Spinal Tap" rhythm ... even the documentary maker takes essentially the same "tone" when setting up the clips, and the band follows a similar path (what I now call "Behind the Music" phenomenon: the small band has good chemistry, becomes famous, too much money too fast, disputes, drugs, some kind of death, the band breaks, then reconciles, ends with the hope of more albums in the future and fades to black. " The only thing that is certain is that in Spinal Tap, you catch the band maybe with a little more success in your past, but Tap drags in some points, and in my mind it is reduced to the laughter that is created in specific scenes. Oh, this is your rant about the food in the backstage, this is where you want the amplifier to go to "ONCE", this is the place where the guy makes a stone the size of a pint of stone, etc ... <br /> <br /> In contrast to FoaBH, who seems to have more "unexpected" mood. r that something is coming, but there is not a great configuration for every joke. Sometimes, the jokes just flow a little. Cundieff and the other actors in the band had a real chemistry that worked. In addition, direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and a group of other cartoon-type rappers really worked well. This seems like a movie you see once to see the main story and laughs, and then you come back and watch to catch the subtle jokes. And the songs. Is "My Peanuts" better than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap)? I do not know, but both are very funny. The horrible video of Tone Def during his "awakening" phase is very strange, but very funny. <br /> <br /> I could continue for a while, but I will save time and I will not lose it in CB4. I watched the first half hour, and I got bored. Do not get bored in FoaBH. There are times a little less fun, but you can never tell when something good is going to happen. Maybe my favorite scene is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (name crossed out if I ever heard any) discovered that they had been sharing the same girl ... in a moment, they have those two weapons pointing to each other, and the next What you know is that the manager, the photographer, the girl and I think that even Tone Def are in the room pointing their weapons, shifting from one side to the other. And, of course, someone is shot. <br /> <br /> I found it odd that NWH managers suffered similar fates to Spinal Tap drummers (even if it does not burn spontaneously, I do not think so). There were enough similarities that I can not ignore the possibility that Cundieff has seen "Spinal Tap" before writing this movie, although this is clearly much more than the Spinal Tap of hip-hop. While there are some similarities, the humor is different, and the film seems more like a real documentary (maybe because we do not recognize a single actor in this, even the guy who played "Lamar" in "The Revenge of the Nerds") . All in all, this movie has, in my opinion, "street cred". A bit like NWH.
