In my opinion, this movie is the weakest of the original Star Wars trilogy, for various reasons. However, a winner emerges at the end of the day, despite all its shortcomings. It's still a very good movie, even if a lot of its quality depends on the characters that have been created in the two superior versions. <br /> <br /> One problem here is the appearance of the movie, which is not 'Very consistent with the other 2 movies. I dedicated a lot of that to the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first 2 films have that dirty look and lived with all the technology and so on. In "Jedi", on the other hand, even the rebels seem to have come out of a shower and they have washed their uniforms dry. This makes for a much less textured film. Also the creatures were excessively muppets and pretty. At this point, it seems that the filmmakers were more concerned with creating templates for future action figures than with the quality of the film itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is its lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" created a completely new experience in film and "Empire" took us to extraterrestrial worlds of swamps, ice and clouds, "Jedi" recycled the locations of the first film. First we are back on the desert planet Tatooine, and then we are seeing them face another star of death (maybe the emperor could not think of anything new ... but one would think that Lucas or Kasdan could). We also have these ewoks, which are really just ostentatious teddy bears made for Mattel, in a recycled version of what was supposed to be the big Wookiee fight at the end of "Star Wars" if they had not run out of cash. It just feels like a lazy construction. <br /> <br /> For me, the most unfortunate aspect of "Jedi" is the weak handling of the Han Solo character. While he is the center of the plot of the first 2 films here, he is fighting for screen time, exchanging lines with the droids. Instead of a true drama, we are left with the pretense that Han is still convinced that Leia loves Luke, as if the conclusion of "Empire" where she confessed her love for him would never have happened. All this is very artificial and barely hides the fact that the character of Solo was not part of the central story of this film after his rescue. Ford, on the other hand, seems bored and lacks the style that distinguished his previous performances. This is more like a Ford performance of the 90s, boring and looking "over" the film itself. Fisher on the other hand is visibly high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character introduced in "Imperio", is trapped as the ostensible person that matters to us in the giant space battle. Only Hamill, given an interesting development in the character of Luke, is able to do something new or interesting with his character. He was probably the only major actor in the film who still cared about his work. And to be fair, the script gives you much more to do than the other characters. It really is his story and the other characters are only there as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does an excellent job as does the Emperor. The movie would sink if it had been too far away (as sometimes in the new movies). <br /> <br /> Visually and in terms of effects work, apart from the "clean" aspect of everything It is difficult to find flaws. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most elaborate ever constructed. The spatial battles towards the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this film moves towards success based on the achievements of its ancestors. But on its own, it's a satisfying piece of entertainment and, in my opinion, far superior to any of Lucas' later productions.
