Brian Yuzna is often frowned upon as the director of his shoddy gore-fests, but the truth is that his films are not really bad at all. The sequels of Re-Animator are not as good as the original ones, but they are still valuable in terms of the aftermath of terror. Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best of the series; and society is not a world far from being a masterpiece of surreal terror. This thriller is certainly not a masterpiece; but it shows Yuzna's eye for horror in an excellent way, and the plot moves in a way that is always exciting and attractive. I am really surprised that a horror movie about dentistry did not appear until 1996, since going to the dentist is almost a primordial fear: it is fleeing from a tiger to the modern world. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; It would seem to be in the minority. The plot follows the perfectionist dentist Dr. Feinstone. He has a good house, a successful career and a beautiful wife, almost everything that most people want. However, his life gets worse when he discovers his wife's romance with the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; since it is his patients who feel most of his anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to scaring the audience, this movie really becomes lonely. However, the director must take out the credit for extracting the full quota of fears from the central theme. The fact that he does a good job is summed up in the fact that I am not very ready to go to the dentist. However, one scene in particular made me cover my eyes! The film follows the standard pattern of the person who goes crazy, only with The Dentist always has the impression that there is more in the film than we are seeing. It is not often that a Gore movie can impress a substance level, and while this will not win any prize, the parody in the upper class is very well related to the plot. The performance, while class B, is actually quite impressive; with Corbin Bernsen taking the lead role and doing a good job to convince the audience that he really is a man to the limit. I should thank Brian Yuzna for choosing Ken Foree in the film. The Dawn of the Dead star does not have enough work, and I really love watching it in movies. The rest of the cast does not impress massively, but everyone does their job well enough. In general, The Dentist offers a refreshing change for the slasher films of the nineties. The bloody scenes will surely please horror fans, and I do not hesitate to recommend this movie.
