['The dentist begins the morning of the wedding anniversary of Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman). On the surface, Mr. and Mrs. Feinstone seem to have a good life, a beautiful house in Los Angeles and he has a successful career with responsibility but underneath everything is very bad. Alan discovers that Brooke is having an affair with Matt (Michael Stadvec), the pool cleaner, to increase his humiliation Alan then discovers that Matt is also having sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms), one of her neighbors next door and above all, all this is due to the IRS, which is breathing in your neck, a large amount of money. Alan begins to lose his head, becomes convinced that everything is deteriorated and rotten, like the teeth of his patient, and it depends on him to fix it. That morning at work, he begins to remove the frustrations and anger of his patients, first injures a boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin), and the sexual assault is a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after he hallucinates that she is his wife. and deliberately performs an unnecessary and painful procedure in another. Alan also begins to use drugs as he loses them completely and becomes homicidal from his adulterous wife and pool cleaner ... <br /><br /> Directed by Brian Yuzna, I thought The Dentist was a good movie and I tried something a little different. The screenplay by Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is more a psychological thriller than a direct slasher that surprised me, since I expected it to be the last thing, it would have been easy to make a teen movie like Friday the 13th (1980) with a high counting bodies and an evil dentist cracking, but what really turned out to be The dentist is very different. The dentist is, in the end, a study of characters about the descent of a man to madness and does a good job, although once said that I&#39;m not sure what is happening is sufficient justification for his subsequent murderous actions. It moves at a good pace, has a good narrative in which I liked the constant connection that Alan makes between the cavities he sees in his patients and the cavities he sees in the world around him and is an entertaining way to spend 90 minutes Odd It goes without saying that anyone with a dental phobia should probably avoid it or never go back! I also liked the end where the tables turn, I will not say more ... <br /><br /> The director Yuzna does his excellent work here, in fact, I do not think he has seen a Yuzna movie that he has not enjoyed to some extent, he obviously and predictably takes the opportunity to play with our fear of the dentist. The good dental torture prepared pieces that included taking people&#39;s teeth, sexually abusing them, performing drug operations and torturing people with the dreaded exercise of the dentist. There are also some other bloody scenes, a dead dog, someone fat cut with a knife and cutting tongues. Yuzna gives the film a certain style in what was probably low budget, likes to tilt its camera, which creates some nice angles, and I liked the photo in which the camera is on top of someone being stabbed and Huge splashes of blood dot the floor. a wide and pleasant angle. <br /><br /> Technically, The Dentist is a good decent cinematography, music and production values, although some of the makeup special effects seem unconvincing. The performance is quite strong on the part of everyone involved with Corbin who is performing well. The always genius and favorite of genre Ken Foree appears as Detective Gibbs one of the best in Los Angeles. <br /><br /> The dentist did not turn out as expected and much better, if you&#39;re a horror fan and maybe you want something a little different, then it&#39;s worth checking out. I liked it and I think it&#39;s definitely worth a watch.']
