The dentist is a good thriller. And quite disturbing. I think we can all agree that the chances of meeting a psycho dentist are much greater than meeting monsters, vampires or zombies. That's why this movie is so scary. During this movie, you will probably think of your own dentist a few times. Whether he is capable of doing those things ... It would be better if you pray that his wife will not deceive him. That's what history is about. A respected dentist in Los Angeles clicks when he discovers that his wife is cheating on him with the boy at the pool. (By the way, that must be the best profession in the world, pool employees always take advantage of housewives when their husband works at his job). From that moment on, our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, can only think of getting revenge. He can no longer concentrate on his patients and a couple of them get hurt. Things are not made easier for our dentist when he is chased by an annoying tax driver, a curious policeman and a suspicious staff member. In a moment, Dr. Feinstone can not take it anymore. Now he is not only behind his wife, but also of all those who approach him. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and co-written by Stuart Gordon. You can take that as a recommendation to yourself. These 2 people already gave us some great horror movies (and my personal favorites) like Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. With the dentist, they are again successful in bringing an entertaining and very creepy thriller. This movie arrived just in time, actually. The decade had not brought us many great horror films so far. I'm not saying that this is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is great as a dentist obsessed with hygiene. I remember him mainly as a comedy or drama actor, but he can handle a psychotic character. The rest of the cast does a good job too. The woman who plays Feinstone's wife is really attractive. Also, it was great to see Ken Foree perform again. The actor in my favorite movie, Dawn of the Dead, plays the cop in this movie. Yuzna also cast it in From Beyond, 15 years ago, and I appreciate that. I do not recommend this movie at all (if you have a weak stomach, I advise you to omit it), but if you see it, you will enjoy it a lot. You'll be disgusted ... but that's an additional reason, I think. It's been a while since I got scared when I saw a movie. It's a great theme to handle in the genre and Yuzna does it in an excellent way. Too bad that this movie was followed by a completely unnecessary sequel. My humble opinion about the dentist ... 8/10
