I remember this particular movie when I was a teenager, my best friend told me everything about this movie and how it scared her when she was a child. Of course, being the bloodthirsty girl that I have, I had to go out and find this movie. Now I do not know how to put this without losing credibility, so I'm just going to say it, I had a lot of fun watching this movie! I know it's stupid, it's not the best story and beyond bloody and frightening, but that's what I was looking for and The Dentist offers information about fear, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a funny movie like this to let go and get even. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanliness. On the day of his wedding anniversary, he spies on his wife Brooke having sex with his nasty pool man, Matt. In his dental practice, the first Feinstone patient of the day is young Jody Saunders, there for his first dental appointment. Feinstone begins to clean Jody's teeth. Everything is fine at first, until you imagine that Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dental selection slides, stabbing Jody in the gums. Jody's mother raises her child crying and bleeding and leaves angry. Feinstone sees his second patient, beauty queen April Reign. With April alone, Feinstone sedates with nitrous oxide so she can fill a cavity in one of her molars. As she becomes unconscious, Feinstone imagines that she has become his wife. He begins to kiss her and caress her in the dental chair, then begins to strangle her. April begins to cough and wakes half of the gas. Feinstone leaves her trance and quickly re-buttoned April's blouse. Feinstone decides to end the day early and sends his staff and patients home. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone in her practice. He unveils his new Italian opera themed patient room. He encourages Brooke to try the dental chair in the room. When she does, Feinstone ties her to the chair and sedates her with nitrous oxide. With the operatic music at full volume, he begins to pull out Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has come out of the depths and definitely will not let anyone get in the way of his cleaning style. <br /> <br /> Honestly, silly as this movie may seem, I had a lot of fun watching The Dentist. The best scene, without a doubt, is when he teaches that nasty IRS agent a hygiene lesson that I'm sure he'll never forget. Man, I do not think I brushed my teeth so much after seeing The Dentist. Yes, I warn you, this movie is not for the faint of heart, it is very bloody. There are stabs, shots and only these brutal scenes of dental torture that will make your stomach turn. However, somehow I just enjoyed this movie, if I ever want just a good bloody movie made for true horror fans, I put it on my DVD player, and that's the "tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Um, yes, I try, give me some credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
