After witnessing his wife (Linda Hoffman) getting involved in sex acts with the pool boy, the dentist Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen), which is already somewhat unstable, breaks down completely, which means a big problem for his patients <br /> <br /> This delightful semi The original and entertaining horror film by director Brian Yuzna was a welcome change of pace from the usual horror couple who fainted in the late 1990s. Although "The Dentist" is intended to be a small and funny movie, Yuzna makes sure that the film offers the commotions and emotions that many other serious films try to do without. Despite suffering a bit from the lack of background in the central characters and, therefore, allowing the events that should have developed over a couple of days, the film is intriguing, usually with scripts and good rhythm, which allows the viewer maintain interest. , even during the most ridiculous moments. ? The dentist suffers, sometimes, to drag, but unlike the very inferior sequel to 1998, there are only sporadic and interesting moments, and in general the film is very well followed. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen was very convincing in The role of the sadistic, deranged and perfectionist Dr. Alan Feinstone. The way in which Bernsen is able to recite his lines in a credible way, especially with regard to the evil and immorality of sex (particularly fellatio), is something less than wonderful. While many actors may have trouble portraying a psychopath obsessed with cleanliness without appearing too corny or ridiculous, Bernsen seems to really fit into the personality of the character he is trying to portray and, therefore, makes the film more enjoyable. If 'The Dentist' had not been a funny, almost comical, horror movie, Bernsen's performance would probably have been much more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast (including Mark Ruffalo) did not achieve good performances and, although the film was not damaged by this, the stronger performances could have added more credibility to the film. <br /> <br /> ?? The Dentist 'is not a horror movie that should be taken seriously, but it's certainly nice, especially (I suppose) for fans of corny horror. Those who bothered with the number of "Scream" clones (1996) of the late nineties may well find this change refreshing, as I did. A script rarely boring and generally of good rhythm, as well as a competent address, helps make The Dentist one of the most pleasant cheese horrors of the nineties. In addition to this, we are presented with particularly gray and (in general) realistic scenes of dental torture, which should make most gorehounds happy. Far from being perfect, but it's not bad either, "The Dentist" is a movie worth watching at least once. My qualification for "The dentist"? 6.5 / 10
