The main theme in this dirty Harry is that revenge is a dish that is served cold. Sandra Locke is as cold in this movie as she is beautiful. Locke is an "8" normally, but, with a lethal pistol in her bag, "cocked" for the bad guys, she goes all the way up to "10". After having been raped in a group, along with her younger sister, a few years ago, Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, has tried to block the attack of her life, as best she can. Her sister, though, is almost in a coma as a result of the trauma, so the memory is never far from her mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of her attackers on the street in S.F .; she buys a gun, follows him to a bar, lets him pick her up, then, when they're alone in his Cadillac, they start making love, she shoots him ... once in the genitals, once in the brain ... This in the opening scene !! You have to love this brave lady. She has her priorities clear. In addition, Jennifer is a professional artist who puts all her anger on the canvas UNTIL NOW. After executing her first perpetrator, Jennifer looks curiously at Det. In sp. Harry Callahan processes the crime scene after the body is in the Caddy. Then, she insults some creepy teenage dollars that are harassing women in the street, visits her sister in a nursing home, then goes hunting in San Paolo, California, "to the coast", where the incident occurred. rape years ago. With more bullets in her suitcase and more determination in her mind, our heroine relives the rape inside her head with a vivid memory, as she gets closer to executing each subsequent rapist. It is not uncommon for us rightists, when it comes to sentencing or executing a violent criminal, we are not sad about his own miserable humanity, we REMEMBER the CRIME and the SUFFERING he inflicted. Such remembered events accentuate Jennifer to pull the trigger of each of her attackers: once on the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the film, the scenes of Jennifer's revenge are interspersed with the good, the Harry Harry Dirty blowing some gangstas in a cafeteria, remember: "Go ahead, I'll make my day". Later, he threatens to step on a punk boy (who had just insulted Callahan) in the elevator of a courthouse as if he had stepped on a dog ... t ... leaving a young government employee staring at Clint as if ... say "I want to have your baby". My favorite scene is only 30 minutes of action, when Harry threatens and frightens a mob killer named Threlkis in a fatal coronary during his granddaughter's wedding reception at the Mark Hopkins hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in The Godfather II) does a wonderful job as the sinful Don Mafia, even if he is only in one scene, dying in the most convincing way. However, Harry's problems are not over yet! The gang of the elevator punk And the Threlkis henchmen try to kill Harry in two ordered scenes, and most of them, the bad guys, end up dying horribly. Yes, some of the weapon games are presented as an uninspired screen violence ... Looking like Clint, the Director may have been tired that day of filming this movie. But, there are only many ways to send a man with bullets. However, punk children die much more creatively, since both die and drown in S.F. Bay. Warm my heart With so much violent intention directed at the insp. Callahan, his bosses sent him to San Paolo to try to get information about the "killing of 22-caliber vasectomy," since Jennifer Spencer's crime is known, but not before Harry delivers one of his famous sermons to the head of liberal chowder I love that Harry. While our hero '' bothers '' the police and local citizens in San Paolo, there are two more murders, the same CEO, a lazy and lazy fisherman and an equally creepy hardware entrepreneur. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They find that both agree on issues such as Law and Order, Make the guilty party pay, etc. Could a burning love scene be in sight soon? They lead us to believe that. The characters abound in this crime drama Real-Man and Real-Woman, and we find an ox dam called Raye Parkins that is irritating and entertaining. Raye prepared Jennifer's rape for her "boyfriend" years before, and she will finally get his. The San Paolo Police Chief, played by the trustworthy Eastwood co-star Pat Hingle (Judge Hung at 'Hang Em High'), is oddly at odds with Callahan's detective work related to vasectomies of 22- lime, until we discovered that his own teenage son was one of the gangsters of rapists. Like Jennifer's sister, Chief Janning's son is now a comatose adult, but crazed with guilt. Although it can not end here. The boyfriend of the dam rapist, Mick, now an imbecile of a sex offender, drives from Las Vegas because Raye dropped a penny to Jennifer and called him to San Paolo to avoid further executions. Mick sleeps at Raye's house, but his time is wrong, and he was arrested before he could spend more time with Raye, mainly because since then she was sent to the Isle of Eternal Lesboes by a shot of Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick bails at last, with Jennifer shooting him. A desperate chase ensues, while Harry tries to prevent these two from killing each other. Everything goes well at the end, with the good girl and the good guy walking together towards the sunset with a beautiful blues song by Roberta Flack.
