When this film premiered originally, it was promoted with the notoriously unimaginative slogan "Dirty Harry is in it again". Everything that this tone lacks originality is more than compensated by its total and total precision. "Sudden Impact" retains all the aspects that made Dirty Harry's three previous films so successful: steady pace, a convincing plot, strong supporting characters, endless shots and a completely dry mood. Some of these elements are not only retained, but also amplified; This is easily the darkest, bloodiest and most outspoken part of the franchise of the franchise. <br /> <br /> The plot is somewhat intriguing: after killing a ridiculous number of Guys, Inspector Callahan is sent on forced "vacations" by his superiors to the coastal town of San Paolo. He is charged with investigating the background of a recent homicide victim who was shot in the genitals before being expelled from his (undoubtedly considerable) misery by a second shot to the head. At the beginning of the film, the public realizes the murderer's identity: an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) who is hunting the thugs who raped her and her sister at a fun fair about ten years before. This incident is shown in a very disturbing flashback, fragments of which are repeated before each new murder. As more bodies begin to appear with the same OO, Harry is clear that both the local police chief and his new love interest (guess who?) Know more than they say. To complicate things further, rapists at once realize who is hunting them and begin to respond forcefully. <br /> <br /> "Sudden impact" offers relentless action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood directed this film for himself and expertly manages a series of pieces that culminate in a stimulating climax. The performance of Sondra Locke effectively conveys the ruthless and fragile mix that defines her character. Having said that, it's fair to ask if another actress (who was not the off-screen partner of Eastwood at the time) could have brought more charisma and dramatic weight to the role, Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd come to mind as potential candidates . Support cast members who excel significantly above their weight include Albert Popwell as Harry's partner, Horace, Paul Drake as psychopath Mick, and the real Audrie J. Neenan, who steals the scene, who plays the vicious Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the film does have some notable problems, some of the secondary plots (the animosity between Harry and a gang of twenty-year-old thugs, a mafia vendetta against him) take up too much time on screen and They really do not have any relationship with the bigger story. Its only real use is to raise the body count to absurd levels. In the first half of the movie, sometimes it seems that Dirty Harry shoots people more often than he has to use the bathroom. However, the film moves at full speed as it advances and the triangular game of cat and mouse between Callahan, Spencer and his former torturers takes center stage. This second hour makes it clear that a smaller and slightly more refined script would have given "Sudden Impact" the potential of being a first class neo-noir thriller that could have taken the series to new levels but still there is no content. more than enough .44 magnum heroics to satisfy those loyal to Harry. Instead, we got the film that Eastwood and Warner Bros. clearly wanted to make: an action movie of the eighties with a magnificent but prototypical execution that, for the most part, refuses to particularly challenge the intelligence of its target audience. <br /> <br /> This was by far the biggest collection of the series at the box office and it's not hard to see why. Although it is not the movie that could have been, this is still a great fun for everyone. Even after repeated visits, he will make his day.
