In Don Siegel's masterpiece, "Dirty Harry", in 1971, Clint Eastwood personified the super tough, super genius, unorthodox, senseless police with his role as homonymous inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan. Two sequels followed, the first of which, "Magnum Force," dominated the delicious and politically incorrect attitude of the first that outraged many critics but thrilled audiences. The second sequel, "The Enforcer" was again more aggressive, and was promoted as "the dirtiest Harry of all." However, this title truly belongs to the fourth film of the series, "Sudden Impact" by Clint Eastwood, which is undoubtedly the dirtiest, nasty, violent and downright dirty of all Harry's films, and, in my humble opinion , the second - Better after the original masterpiece. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! SPOILERS ahead! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) attracts men to be alone with her. What these men do not know is that the mysterious beauty is their former victim of rape, who longs for a bloody revenge. As fate wants it, the toughest policeman in San Francisco, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, who has been suspended again for angering his superiors, spends his free time in this exact little town ... "Sudden Impact" is the movie most dirty of Callahan in several aspects. The film is extremely rough and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. He is not afraid to use his 44. Magnum to avoid problems, Harry treats the 'punks' as they should be treated and even allows a person to come out with several murders because the revenge killings are justified in his opinion. Clint Eastwood is, as always, brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood epitomized the coldness and misinterpretation of "Man With No Name" in the Sergio Leone Dollar Trilogy, and he did it again in the Dirty Harry movies. "Sudden impact" gives us the dirtiest Harry we've ever seen. Eastwood's girlfriend, Sondra Locke, fits very well in the role of vengeful beauty. The great Pat Hingle, who had already worked with Eastwood on Ted Post's hard "Hang 'Em High" in 1986, plays the police chief of the small town. The film also includes a wide range of despicable characters, including a pathetic criminal played by Kevin Major Howard (best known for his role in "Full Metal Jacket" by Stanley Kubrick) and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan). Undoubtedly, one of the most disgusting and despicable female characters in the cinema. Albert Popwell, who played the bank robber in the famous "Do You Feel Lucky?" The scene in "Dirty Harry" and the black militant leader in "The Enforcer" is also part of this again, this time as a colleague and friend of Harry. In general, "Sudden Impact" is the dirtiest, dirtiest and probably the most violent of all "Dirty Harry" movies, (although "The Dead Pool" is not exactly docile either), and my second favorite after the brilliant original of 1971. An absolute must for fans of Callahan, and highly recommended for all lovers of police thrillers and filmmakers. My score: 8.5 / 10
