Clint Eastwood would star again as Detective Harry Callahan, tired of the battle, but would also direct the fourth entry in the series 'Dirty Harry'. 'Sudden Impact' again, like the other additions, brings its own distinguishable style and tone, but in any case, it is probably the most similar to the original in its darkest and sordid moments (and grants a classic line "Go ahead. what my day?) ?? But some of his humor has to be seen to be believed. A bulldog ?? Named meathead that pisses and farts. Oh yeah. However, it is an interesting fact that this entry was only one in series to not have it fully installed in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows that of Detective Callahan who tries to put together the pieces of a murder where the victim was shot. In the groin and then between the eyes. After getting into some problems with the superiors of the office and causing a stir that has some delinquent lord of the crime after his blood. He has been ordered to leave, but falls into one of work where he goes to a coastal city of Sao Paulo, where a similar murder occurred in vein (bullet to the groin and between the eyes) to his case. There he begins to dig up the dirt, which leads to the idea of ​​someone seeking revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I was not so hard on the Eastwood take, but after many reps, it has practically grown on me to the point of probably being on par with the first sequel 'Magnum Force' . This well-assembled plot actually gives Eastwood another angle to work with (though it's more like a sophisticated version of the vigilante functions that are rampant at that moment), quite literal, with something that punishes but badly harms. It is as if he is experimenting with touches of a black novel with traits driven by the character to help develop the emotional framework and eventual morality. Its use of images is durable, due to atmospheric atmospheric. Dark tones, melancholy lights? as the scene towards the end similar to some western confrontation of a silhouette figure (Harry with his new .44 automag gun) advancing towards the dazed prey at the fishing docks. It is an amazing sight that generates fear! Mix the coldly disturbing with simple brutality and a touch of humor. It seemed to come off. A great advantage of these films are the dialogues, although I would not call it "first class" sudden impact, it provides extensive exchanges of biting and memorable lines. "You are a legend in your own mind." Do not you love listening to Harry provoking a funny joke before taking out his piece? Is the action of the beating when it occurs exciting and intense? The only way to go and the passage of time passes flying with little in the way of plane passages. Lalo Schfrin would return as a composer (after 'The Enforcer' had Jerry Fielding scoring) bringing a methodical funky kick, which still blew those grim marks to a texture-sucking score that he clicked from the start. "Bruce Surtees (a regular at Eastwood ) gets the job behind the camera (where he did a pairing job with 'Dirty Harry') and gives the film a wide margin by beautifully framing the backdrop in some impeccable tracking scenes, but also the angles of the instruments in those dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood as the dinosaur Callahan still has a punch, goes beyond that steel look to do the job and probably shows a little more heart than one would expect from a younger Callahan This is about the sudden change in plot, even though Harry does not always agree with Harry's badge, in search of justice. He missed a true change of heart. In front of him is a great performance of her boyfriend at the time when Sondra Locke. Your turn of traumatic. The torment (being raped senseless along with her younger sister), is hidden by a glassy intensity. When anger is released, it is tactically accurate in its outcome. Paul Drake is perfectly threatening and dirty, since one of the thugs they target and Audrie J. Neenan falls in love with a disgusting and big-mouthed performance. These people are truly an ugly group of saps. Pat Hingle is strong as the head of the small coastal town. In smaller parts are Bradford Dillman and the pleasant and powerful Albert Popwell (a regular player in the series 1-4, but with different characters). How can you forget it in 'Dirty Harry'? Yes, he is a bank robber who is at the end of the trademark appointment "Do I feel lucky? Well, right, punk?"
