This final entry in George Lucas' STAR WARS movies is often considered the weakest of all. However, this does not mean that it is a totally useless entry in the series. On the contrary. Sure, it's not as innovative as its predecessors and a little slower at times, but RETURN OF JEDI still offers a lot to guarantee the price of admission. <br /> <br /> The first third of the film, Where Luke and his friends rescue Han from the palace of Jabba the Hutt, is a classic. Jabba, a truly disgusting stain of swollen flesh speaking in his own language, is not only a great villain, but also a memorable one. It must have been a nightmare to build this giant puppet, let alone give it the spark and life we ​​see in the finished product. Actually, what also makes this sequence fun is the clever use of puppets for the various members of Jabba's court, including the intimidating, enslaving Rancor and the terrifying monster of Sarlaac. It is masterfully built to its climax and throws punches all the time. <br /> <br /> Things get a little slower in the second act, where Luke discovers that he and Leia are related by blood and when we travel to the forest. The planet of Endor, home of the adorable but robust Ewoks. Most of the complaints about the RETURN OF JEDI that I have read seem to be centered on these furry creatures, since they somehow interrupt the tone of the saga. I do not totally agree with that, although this moment is probably going to be a bit longer than it should be. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis) is a delightfully memorable creation, and seeing how they handle Imperial Troop technology with their simple, natural weapons provides a good contrast. <br /> <br /> By when, however, we arrive at the third act, the pace accelerates again, as we intersperse between the battle of the Ewoks against the troops, Lando and the Rebel Forces launch an attack against the new half-completed Death Star, and Luke's final showdown. With Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter is related to the sequence of Jabba Palace as the highlight of the film. Mark Hamill flexes his acting skills once again as Luke Skywalker in these scenes, and seeing him as a fully mature Jedi Knight becomes an unforgettable performance. In addition, despite the iconic voice of James Earl Jones as Darth Vader, he is only rivaled by the wrinkled and ruined Emperor, played with the deliciously harsh and terrifying evil of Ian McDiarmid. The tension between this trio increases the emotion of this climactic moment, which is adequately illuminated in a dark and menacingly underlined manner. <br /> <br /> STAR WARS movies have always set standards for special effects, and technical work in RETURN OF THE JEDI can easily take a candle to their predecessors. Space battles are as exciting as ever, and chasing a bicycle through the woods is a knockout. Of course, given that this film was made after A NEW HOPE and THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, it probably should not be so surprising that special effects have reached an even higher level of excellence. The performance is the classic STAR WARS rate; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher mature and deepen their roles, and Anthony Daniels offers more fun moments like C-3PO. Frank Oz's Yoda only appears in two scenes, but he takes full advantage of it. And yes, there is also the music of John Williams. <br /> <br /> In total, while RETURN OF THE JEDI wobbles a bit in the middle, the first and third acts are presented with style, making this a quite satisfactory ending for one of the best sagas in history . <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas relaunched the classic STAR WARS in digital editions "Special Editions" (and renewed), which included effects and / or additional shots as well as some improvements. Of the three, the RETURN OF JEDI seems to have caused the greatest commotion with STAR WARS fans. Perhaps it is due to the large number of "Jedi Rocks" in the Jabba Palace, which, although technically amazing, interrupts the flow of the film. However, I liked the final montage scenes in which we see victory celebrations taking place on the various planets of the galaxy. This version of DVD presents even more modifications: we can see more scenes of end of assembly (especially in Naboo, where we listen to what sounds like Jar Jar Binks shouting "Wesa gratis!") And, in what is probably the most controversial change , Hayden Christensen as the spectrum of Anakin Skywalker in the final scenes. Probably due to the intense (and unfair) disdain that fans have for their somewhat unstable work in EPISODE II: ATTACK OF THE CLONES, it seems inevitable that fans will reject this edition just for that. However, if you are watching the STAR WARS saga chronologically (and contemplating about it), you may react a little differently. However, it is a topic that fans have raised, so it is probably best to warn in advance. <br /> <br /> As cute as it is for Lucas to launch the original versions of these three classic movies, however, he stands out. For what he said about these renovations as the "definitive" editions of his classic trilogy, and seeing the STAR WARS films as a complete saga (as Lucas intended), it makes sense to keep them technically and aurally consistent. The original films will always be recorded in our memories, but these new incarnations are very funny, if you can give them a chance.
