"Sudden Impact," by Clint Eastwood's director / protagonist, is an intriguing addition to the "Dirty Harry" series, a combination of cinematic harshness and genius. It is mediocre and silly in parts, brilliant and classic in others, with a convincing and exciting rhythm. Here are numerous echoes of the first film: the "Make my day" scene reminds us of the "Do you feel lucky" scene, one of the villains is as viscerally disgusting as Scorpio, an actor who played a role of the first movie. the bad boy in the first one comes back here as Harry's partner, just to mention a few. <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan still disagrees with the top brass in the department, it still means, it's still hard, but now he's older and more tired. Their constant conflicts with their superiors are a metaphor for their internal conflict: respect and reverence for the law against the desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, since the two things are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the underlying theme of the series. The first film posed a simple question: "What about the rights of the victim?" - (Do they outnumber the criminal? Vice versa? Does it depend?). The response of the film was controversial, which caused a sequel (the very nice "Magnum Force") that set out to draw the line between the mark of justice of Harry and the pure and ruthless vigilantism. Harry, like many of Clint's other roles, is the epitome of revenge, the protector of the defenseless. This film, however, returns it to the victim, in this case to Jennifer (played by Sondra Locke), who decides to take revenge for the rape of her and her sister now incapacitated by the relentless hunting and ritualistic execution of the men ( and a woman) that I committed the crime. <br /> <br /> Without going into a work of the complete movie, I will say this. I already mentioned that "Sudden Impact" echoes the first movie. Actually, it also appears in a few words. references and jokes of the whole series (confusion about the captain's surname is an example, an intentional joke, I think). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is clear: has our rogue police hero found a soul mate in this vigilant lady? And is she a vigilante or a victim who justifiably justifies the misty rights of her and her sister? The exchange between these two at the end of the film is a poetic outcome of the series, one that I personally (as a fanatic) found quite moving. Only the last scene makes Sudden Impact the legitimate climax of the "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect answer to the conflict that arises in the first film. (Not to call "The Dead Pool", that excellent movie was a suspense of suspense and comic with little enthusiasm that presents Harry Callahan, instead of a movie that defines characters like this). <br /> <br /> This movie does well in theaters: the audience in the Reagan era found Harry and his companions quite attractive, and the President himself frequently quoted "Go ahead, make me the day".
