It is strange to see a film in which some scenes work quite weakly (even if only in comparison with other films in his legacy), and others in a "secondary plot" or supporting story are surprisingly provocative and strong. Sudden Impact is one of those cases, where Clint Eastwood as star / producer / director shows when he may be at his best, or at his time of hire when it comes to a crime / mystery / detective in his reputation as Dirty Harry. We received that line of 'make my day', and we did not like it in the first film in which his 'do you lucky lucky' speech was playful and fresh the first time and the second time at the end, as hard as a fingernail, here it changes. He gets into another confusion with the department, as usual, when he tries to fight crime "in his own way", particularly with a theft of a diner (inspiration for Pulp Fiction?) And with a high-speed chase with a bus for seniors. He is told to take a vacation, and that is the last thing he has in mind. All this main plot is not very convincing, apart from the expectation of the story and the lines, which increases the frustration. But soon its history fuses with the secondary plot that Eastwood develops from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Enter the character of Sandra Locke, Jennifer Spencer, whom we will soon learn after some mysterious scenes (appropriately) that she and her shy sister were victims of a cruel and unjust sexual assault (err, direct violation), and it is elegant, covert, as revenge. His scenes and his story are the strongest parts of the film, the most intense, and finally, when he enters the story of Callahan (he's getting data in the same small town where he's involved in a murder), the movie finally find an approach between the classic Eastwood form. of clearly defined good versus evil (although sometimes blurred, by the way). Eastwood films the flashbacks, not to mention too much about them, expertly, in a fresh and experimental style; The trademark score of Lalo Schifrin is totally atmospheric in these scenes and in others. It almost seems that a couple of times an artistic sensibility has slipped into Eastwood's firm and simple narrative style, which helps the movie to be seen. <br /> <br /> It's a shame, however, that in the end it's more for the expected (or maybe not expected) points, and until the third act, Callahan does not have much to do, except his usual 'is blacksmith ... Wesson ... and I ', silly. However, with Locke, he gets a very good performance from her (more subtle and poignant than the Gauntlet) and an exciting climax in an amusement park. Somehow I do it and I do not agree with Ebert's observation that it's like a "music video" Eastwood style here. I admit that there are comparisons with the simplicity of both, frankness, but the scenes in which Eastwood's form breaks are superior to those of any music video. It's corny, it's hard, it's not on par with the first two images of 'Harry', but hey, there could be worse ways to spend a couple of hours with the master of the .44.
