After "Star Wars: A New Hope" redefined science fiction, and "The Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars," it's hard to believe that the third and final film in this trilogy could be as good as the other two. But this really does a good job. The first part of the film resolves the cliffhanger left by the previous one, with an elaborate escape plan that is in keeping with the incredible suspense and action of the first two films. Then, the film returns to the rebel alliance and what is happening in the war. There is a lot of action in the scenes of the final confrontation of the rebellion with the Emperor. When the battle begins, the public is already on the edge of their seats of everything that leads to it, and this final battle is even more intense than those of the other films. This climax is definitely more dense with action than any other part of the trilogy, with the most at stake for rebellion. This is continuously changing between a ground battle between the rebel ground attack team (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the battle being waged in space (including Lando) and a confrontation between Luke and the Emperor in the new Star of death. , which leads to another duel with Darth Vader. It is really intense, since the rebels constantly seem to be losing the battle that will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Although I think the idea that the Ewoks dominate the stormtroopers is a bit unlikely, it did not seem very unrealistic since they were a further distraction that the rebels could use, rather than a real threat to the stormtroopers, although They did have some luck fighting against them. There is also a twist or two at the end that nobody saw coming, which may not be as surprising as "The Empire Strikes Back", but still completes a very spectacular trilogy. With the clear tone of "A New Hope" and the more sinister tone of "The Empire Strikes Back", this film really completes them by combining the two in this grand finale. The Special Edition for "The Return of the Jedi" focused on what would have been good to change, since it was not necessary much of the original. Fifteen years of technological advances did not seem to compensate for the fifteen years of deterioration when it came to the grudge scene, and there is still a TIE fighter who occasionally disappears, but other than that, it was good. Sarlaac's open mouth, which did not threaten, received moving tentacles and a huge fly-shaped head that emerged, which definitely contributed to the suspense. In addition, the disco was taken from Jabba's palace, and the poor end of the original was replaced by a grand celebration of the victory that spanned the entire galaxy, rather than just a small Ewok village, which was the case of the original and was not A) Yes. I really finished a story as big as I deserved. It is difficult to say which of the three films was the best, but since it is part of the same story, the general trilogy is like a great outstanding film. A third must for movie fans.
