The vigilante has long held a fascination with the public, insofar as it evokes a sense of swift and sure justice; the good triumphs over evil and the bad triumphs get their deserts. In fact, it is one of the things that has made the character of Dirty Harry Callahan (played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He wears a badge and works within the law, but deep down, Harry is a vigilante who imparts justice in his own way, which often puts him in conflict with his own superiors, as well as with the criminals he pursues. But it is what attracts the audience; Anyone who has ever been stuck in bureaucratic nonsense of one kind or another, delights in seeing someone cut through the bureaucracy and move on, even if it's just on the screen. And that satisfaction derived from seeing justice done, and quickly, is one of the elements that makes 'Sudden Impact', directed and starring by Eastwood, so successful. In this, the fourth of the series, while working on a homicide, Harry meets a vigilante in good faith at work, an individual whose brand of justice is parallel to his, with one exception: whoever he is, definitely not wear a badge <br /> <br /> In his own inimitable way, Inspector Callahan once again ended up on the bad side of the department and is ordered to take a vacation time. He does so; as only 'dirty Harry' can. In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry finds himself right in the middle of a murder case, which he quickly relates to a recent murder in San Francisco because of the uniqueness of the O. Used by the perpetrator. Unexpectedly, Harry meets the resistance of the local Police Chief, Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to take his tactics and methods of the big city elsewhere. However, Harry does not continue with his research, which ultimately involves a beautiful and talented young artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Little by little, Harry discovers a link between the victims; However, the burning question is where does Jennifer Spencer fit into the picture? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is in top form here, both in front of and behind the camera, and is possibly the second best of the five film series, just behind the original 'Dirty Harry'. It had been seven years since the last offer of "Harry" ("The Enforcer", 1976), but Eastwood returns to the character with ease and renewed vigor. And this definitely benefits from having him in the director's chair, since he is able to recover the essence, not only of his own character, but of the "spirit" that made these films so successful, and he does it by knowing the territory and establishing a continuity that almost erased that gap of seven years between numbers 3 and 4. As with all the films he directs, Eastwood sets a deliberate rhythm that works perfectly for this material and creates enough tension to keep it interesting and attractive from the start for finish. <br /> <br /> The script, by Joseph Stinson, is well written and formulated for the distinctive style of "Dirty Harry"; the dialogue is agile and the story itself (conceived by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most attractive since the original "Dirty Harry", as he strives successfully to interpret the very personal aspects of the drama, instead of entirely on the action. The characters are well drawn and convincing, and, of course, this is the movie that gave us one of Harry's best phrases: "Go ahead, make me the day ..." <br /> <br /> As Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make this character so popular: he lives according to a personal moral code, a true individual made from the kind of things we imagine as the pioneers who established this country and made the United States what it is. is today. Harry embodies that sense of freedom and justice for which we all struggle and feel so loved, possibly today more than ever. No matter who we are or where we come from, there is an undeniable part of us that wants to be Harry, or at least to have him close. 'Dirty Harry' is a movie icon, and it's impossible to imagine someone other than Eastwood who portrays him; for good or for bad, Eastwood `is' Harry dirty, without a doubt, just as Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke is completely effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, a battered and revenge-seeking young woman, or as she sees it, 'justice'. He manages to provide a hard edge determination with vulnerability for his character, with a convincing and introspective approach that goes far beyond what is typical of the "action" genre. Even in the midst of violence, Locke keeps his attention on Jennifer and the traumatic events that have taken her to this stage of her life. His interpretation is a perfect complement to Eastwood's Harry, and becomes, in philosophy and action, something of his counterpart. <br /> <br /> In the supporting roles, two performances stand out: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best "psychopath" from Andy Robinson's dynamic representation of the serial killer in the original 'Dirty Harry'. A really limited screen time, Drake establishes a genuinely disconcerting presence that is credible and convincing, which adds much to the purely visceral response of the audience.This is the guy you can not wait to see Harry take care of himself at the end. Also effective is Audrie J. Neenan, who plays Ray Parkins, the epitome of the proverbial "low life," which can be found in any bar in any city, a performance that evokes a gut-level response. and greatly increases the credibility of the film, as it helps provide that sense of realism needed. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger). In a perfect mix of drama and action, 'Sudden Impact' imparts justice that is a satisfying respite from reality; The perfect justice of a not so perfect world, which makes it a satisfactory cinematographic experience. 9/10.
