Who says that zombies can not become useful members of the community? Certainly not the creators of "Fido", which lead us to a version of the 1950s that has never reached land, where the undead have become stewards and servants for the expanding middle class. Timmy Robinson is the completely American boy who is emotionally linked to the family's new full-time home: a recently resurrected zombie whom Timmy nicknamed affectionately as Fido. All this has been possible thanks to Zomcom, an older brother type organization that has found a way to make zombies (who were originally brought to "life" by radiation from outer space) manageable and docile, at least most of time. <br /> <br /> This twisted, modern twist on the "Lassie" television series, which could easily have been titled "A boy and his zombie", is very cunning in his pre-60s preoccupations. As an obsessive social conformity (here keeping up with the Joneses means having more zombie servants than the people next door), the sterility of suburban life, corporate control of civic affairs, corruption in small cities and family values nuclear, all played in a beautifully designed environment with houses of partial colors and lawns immaculately cared for. The film does not hit the audience in the head with its message or engage in endless hyperbole to generate laughter. Instead, this is a subtle and discreet satire that causes appreciative laughter instead of laughter. Much of the humor derives from the incongruity between the placidity of the environment and the arrogant attitude toward death demonstrated by the good citizens of the community (Life Magazine has been replaced by a newspaper called Death Magazine). Despite the graphic violence, the film remains faithful to the spirit of innocence that we generally associate with both the 50's itself and the low-budget horror films that were part of the pop culture scene of that decade. <Br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are friendly and attractive as Timmy and his parents Cleaver-esquire (with slightly sinister overtones), while Billy Connolly performs the task almost impossible to bring a lot of humanity and depth to the role of a resurrected corpse. <br /> <br /> This is what "Lassie" could have been if Timmy's best friend had been a victim of rabies.
