In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead", we are presented with a London where the slackers and the most powerful are forced to fight against the corpse versions of their meat-eating friends and family. At the end of the film, it is suggested that the zombies be harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" presents an epilogue of "Shaun" set in 1950's America, in a "what if ...?" movie. <br /> <br /> The film is set post-zombie-apocalypse, for a change; After the terrors of Zombie Wars, it ended with the creation of the ZomCon company and its patented zombie necklaces that make corpses as docile as lambs. All the cities of the world are surrounded by the Wild Zone, the once fertile landscape torn by the surviving zombies and the leftovers of the apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is the typical residential area of ​​the 50s, with a small difference; social status is measured by the number of domesticated zombies in a family. Unfortunately, the Robinson family has no zombies at all, due to their patriarch, Bill's fear, to the reanimated dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen suffer the pressures of suburban life, until the day that Helen buys a zombie servant in a desperate attempt to impress neighbors. <br /> <br /> The zombie wins Timmy's love when he rescues him. of a couple of violent thugs, and the two form a bond to rival the classic cliché of "boy and his dog" ... a boy and his zombie. Timmy names his "pet" Fido, and soon becomes a help for both Timmy and Helen to escape the routine similar to the prison in which Bill has put them. But when Fido's domestication collar becomes fashionable and devours the elderly Mrs. Henderson, the Robinsons have to contain their connection to the sudden outbreak of wild zombies and still can keep their beloved Fido. <br /> <br /> A film whose sharp wit and satirical blood carries him as much as his star cast (including "The Matrix" 's Carrie-Anne Moss as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido), "Fido" is a zom-com for ages. With some rather twisted subplots, for example, the sweet and disquieting feelings that Helen and Fido begin to have for each other, and a poignant commentary on the suburbs of the 50s and the zombie genre, the film manages to bring out the worst (and the best) in their characters while still allowing you to take care of them. <br /> <br /> "Fido" is, by far, one of the best dark comedies I've seen, one of the best movies I've seen in a long time, and THE best zom-com from the incredible "Shaun of the Dead ".
