Okay, I did not know what to expect when I saw the cover to Fido, honestly, when I found it in the video store, I was tempted to rent this movie, but none of that caught my attention. But when I looked around Netflix, they were advertising this as crazy if I liked "ridiculous" scary movies, so I thought I'd just give it a try. I'm so glad I saw it, this was a great movie, it was absolutely fun and lovely to watch. As I said, is that Pleasantville meets Night of the Living Dead, it's just a great concept, what happens after a mega zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have fun making zombies "practical" citizens. This is a very overlooked horror / comedy movie, I think a lot of people were so surprised with Shaun of the Dead that this was the worst. But it's a great story and the cast was perfect and turned it into a really fun movie. <br /> <br /> In an alternative universe of the 1950s where the radiation of space has turned the dead into zombies. This radiation still ravages humanity, since all who die after the original contamination become undead. To continue living a normal life, the communities are surrounded with the help of a ruling corporation called Zomcon. Zomcon provides necklaces with remote controls to control the meat hunger of zombies to use as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, a housewife, Helen, buys a zombie despite her husband Bill's zombie phobia. His son, Timmy, befriends the zombie, calling him "Fido". One day, Fido's necklace works badly and he kills the neighbor next door, which turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombified neighbor. When a pair of local thugs are blamed for the lost neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and rescues Timmy and Fido from the thugs and tries to forget everything. Several days later, the body of the neighbor is found and the murder goes back to Fido, who is taken to Zomcon, where the public is told that it will be destroyed. Timmy learns through a friend that Fido is simply working in a factory in Zomcon. Timmy tries to rescue him with the help of his neighbor with a zombie girlfriend in hopes of recovering Fido. <br /> <br /> I really recommend this movie if you have the chance to see it, it's silly but very funny Billy Connelly did a great job like Fido and it really brought a lot of life to the character. I think the scene that made me laugh the most was when Timmy had to disturb the old woman that Fido attacked and killed, his last words were very funny, "you were not really nice, but you liked flowers, and ???" and he buries her in the garden. Not to mention the neighbor with the zombie girlfriend, sick, disturbing, wrong, but with classic laughs. I still love how even though this is like the world type Leave It To Beaver-esquire, there's still a lot of blood in the movie. So if you have the opportunity to see Fido, take it, I promise you some good laughs. <br /> <br /> 9/10
