When it comes to creating a universe, George Lucas is the undisputed master and his latest Star Wars movie is very, very good (and is better ranked compared to the two previous films in the original saga). Having recently seen Revenge of the Sith really puts this movie in perspective. The final battle seems even more climatic, since Anakin Skywalker went through the manipulative hands of the Emperor. It also makes the final battle between Luke and Vader more bitter considering the love he felt for Padmé and the love she felt for their children. Actually, while the new movies (especially Episode II) are inferior to the original films, they are good for just one reason. They make old movies look even better. <br /> <br /> Mark Hamill does an exceptional job in this movie. He really brings the changes that Lucas has gone through seems real. To be fair, I think he should have become a great actor based on these films because he really does a great job. Harrison Ford is still good. However, you can feel that Raiders and Blade Runner have made between the two final chapters of Star Wars because it seems that it has grown a lot. Add more comedy (obviously inspired by the Raiders) to the character that works brilliantly. In summary Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher was never really a good actress, but she does a decent job and it's certainly passable. Ian McDiarmid appears in this film and after having seen Episode III, I can safely say that he is one of the most successful villains in history. James Earl Jones still provides the voice for Vader and is still very, very good. <br /> <br /> As for what the movie looks like, it's pretty safe to say that the Star Wars universe looks better than in any of the previous films (two), but this was always Lucas's forte, so it really is to be expected. The final battle over Endor is very well done, both in terms of general effects and tension. It was also a nice detail that Lucas decided that three battles would be carried out at the same time that the general tension of the climax increased. <br /> <br /> The only thing I feel is that dragging the film down an otherwise deserved 9 are the Ewoks. These little creatures are so annoying that they almost ruin every scene they're in. Also, I think it's a bit of a joke when a group of teddy bears with bows and arrows can defeat a squad of Storm Troopers with laser weapons and powerful machinery. In general, Return of the Jedi is a very good film, but the fact that Richard Marquand is a director less skillful than Irvin Kershner makes the general feeling of the film less bright. Also the stupid decision of George Lucas to add the Ewoks to the universe makes the film is not brilliant. <br /> <br /> 8/10
