About a year ago, I was watching the news on television when a story was broadcast about a zombie movie that was filmed in my area. Since then I have paid special attention to this film called 'Fido' when production ended and I started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago Fido started playing at my local theater. And, just yesterday, I read an article in a newspaper that said that Fido is not attracting audiences in its limited release, with the exception of our local theater. In fact, here is beating all the other shows at The Paramount Theater, including the 300. Of course, this makes sense since many locals want to see their city on the screen or see themselves wandering around with zombie makeup. And for any other venue that Fido has not yet seen, but is considering, I can say that there are many images on the screen, from the school to the city park and the forbidden zone, which will be recognized. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley look beautiful. That's beautiful scenery in a zombie movie! However, Fido itself is a very good movie. Yes, despite its flaws, it's better than most of the other 20 movies that play in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie in which the collie has been replaced by a member of the undead. This is an intelligent premise. And the film goes even further by taking advantage of the 1950s emphasis on the conformity and development of the cold war paranoia that led to McCarthyism. In addition, it is based on the idea that zombies can be domesticated or trained, which George Romero introduced for the first time on the Day of the Dead. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray plays a child from a small town whose mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) longs for a zombie servant so she can be like all the other wives in the house on her block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is against the idea, since he once had to kill his own "zombie father". Eventually, the family acquires a zombie named 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly), and adapts to life with the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by the casting. He is able to convey Fido's confusion, longing, hatred and loyalty only through his eyes, his heavy body and his grunts. Connolly proves that he can play underestimated characters better than his outrageously comical ones. This is your best role since Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows in the footsteps of other recent zomcoms such as Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. Being someone who appreciates the films of Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae more than those of Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer humor more than gore in my horror. However, I understand the criticism of horror fans who believe that there are not enough "killings of undead" in Fido. However, I am sure that patient viewers will be rewarded for the film's smooth humor. <br /> <br /> The movie breaks in its third act. It is as if the writers were so wrapped up in the beautiful premise of domesticated zombies in the 1950s, that they forgot the arc of history. However, given my interest in horror comedies and my appreciation for seeing the neighborhood on the screen, I rate Fido 9 out of 10.
