I guess the last curse to attend the Toronto Film Festival is that the date and release date are messed up. Frankly, I am happy that Fido has been picked up for distribution in the United States. In any case ... <br /> <br /> Have you ever seen Shaun of the Dead? Good. What about Lassie? Able to reconcile the two? Well, if you can, your name could be Andrew Currie, the Canadian pilot of the first zombie comedy or family theme zomedy. (Seriously, that's what the Toronto press release called it). Although not as violent, dry or British as Shaun of the Dead, Fido remains true to his roots: a devotion to the old black and white television of the 50s, which includes both Lassie and the famous sci-fi pulp that was pumped during the period. <br /> <br /> Fido's talented teachers (Carrie Anne Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker and Tim Blake Nelson) are a testament to the brilliance of the script. The film explores all the implications of its premise: a world in which zombies have become servers due to the large number of them due to a strange accident. What would you use your new undead servant for? A butler? Manual labor? A pet? Untold acts? Fido addresses all these possibilities in a sweet and surprisingly elegant way, thanks to the work of Connelly (as one of those zombies) and the young television actor K'Sun Ray, who sometimes seems to be a better young Elijah Wood than the young Elijah Wood was. <br /> <br /> If you're waiting for another Shaun of the Dead, do not waste your time. There is not enough gore and he looks at the genre to satisfy it and he will simply leave the theater bitter and depressed. But if you're willing to take a look at what happens to Shaun of the Dead when it jumps across the lake, a surprise awaits. Think of Fido as the sensitive, most often beaten little brother by the rebellious loser of Shaun of the Dead, and you're starting to catch the trend. If you like (or at least tolerate) zombies, small children and lots of inexpressive satires, Fido is the movie for you. If that is not the case ... well, you know the exercise. Just hit them in the square between the eyes.
