A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away ... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original movie "Star Wars" was released. He does not remember seeing the movie for the first time, but he does not remember the previous life either. Remember the first themed "Star Wars" gift that you received ... a shoe box full of action figures from the original game. I was too young to appreciate how special that gift would be. But years later, he would get what until today is one of the best gifts he has received: another box full of action figures, ten of the last twelve he needed to complete his collection. Now it is legendary in this guy's family how the last action figure he needed, Anakin Skywalker, stopped being produced and taken to the stores, and how this guy was close to ten years (until he entered the university) trying to locate one and finally bought it. of someone on the floor of his bedroom for a bag of beer nuggets (do not ask ... it's something from Northern Illinois University). <br /> <br /> I can not check "Star Wars" like a movie. It represents absolutely everything good, funny and magical of my childhood. There is no way to separate it in my mind from the Christmases, birthdays, summers and winters that grow. In the winter, my friends and I built snow forts and pretended we were in Hoth (I was always Han Solo). My friends' dad built them a tree house, and that served as the Ewok town. They also had a huge pine tree whose bottom was high enough to create a kind of cave underneath, and this made a great place to pretend we were in Yoda's house. I'm shamelessly silly when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think people understand it or not. I do not get the appeal of "The Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek", but I understand the rabid flocks of followers who follow them because I'm a fan of George Lucas movies. <br /> <br /> I do not feel the need to defend my opinion of these films as some of the best of all time. Every time I put them in the DVD player, I feel like I'm eight years old again, when life was simple and the biggest problem was finding out how I was going to locate a Anakin Skywalker figure. <Br /> <br /> Grade (for the whole trilogy): A +
