If you like horror movies with lots of blood and blood, tons of moments of fear and relentless and growing scenes of unbearable death, look elsewhere. If you like the silent, moody, thoughtful horror that sheds blood aside for a genuine feeling of fear, then Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Considerate, stressed George, his psychoanalyst wife Kim and his little son Thousands of people are heading to the snowfield to spend a long weekend vacation away from the city. On the way up, George hits a deer with his car. The hunters who had been chasing the deer are not thrilled when they discover that George has finished his pursuit. In particular, the deranged hunter Otis takes it personally. He follows the family to his vacation home, making sure they see him. Spy on George and Kim, since they have sex. He shoots through his windows with his rifle when they are not at home, allowing them to discover the sinister holes in their windows and walls when they return. When Kim takes Miles to the city pharmacy, Miles is attracted by a small sculpture in a cabinet, carved to look like a man with the head of a deer. A Native American man tells Miles that this is the Wendigo, a forest spirit who has a taste for meat and is always hungry. Miles takes the figure to his house, already persecuted by the death of the deer the previous day. That afternoon, when he and his father go sledding, they shoot George and Miles is chased through the forest by a barely glimpsed creature ... or is he alone in shock and imagining everything? Hours later, George is taken to the hospital and Miles, still clinging to his statue, faints, dreams or undertakes a vision search, in which the Wendigo returns. This time, the angry god, who eats meat, part tree, part deer and part man, is looking for Otis, who has finally gone to the edge. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautifully made movie, almost totally silent, but by the wind howling among the trees covered in snow. Okay, then the monster itself has an unattractive appearance, but it's a small flaw, more than offset by the genuine sense of tension and fear that seeps through every frame of the movie, and the mysterious backdrop of the silent snow. field. The performances are great, particularly by Jake Weber as George and Patricia Clarkson, moody and thoughtful, as his sweet but sensible wife. They are a happy couple with their share of common problems, and it is the strength of their relationship and their mutual love that makes this film powerful. Watching this movie is often like watching someone's home videos, so realistic are the performances. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. Many people can find themselves totally bored, waiting for the horrible Lovecraftian Beast and the bloody revenge that never comes. We can never really be sure if the Wendigo exists, seen through the eyes of a sensitive child and also, later, through the eyes of a madman. This is more of a psychological drama than a horror movie, but it has more than enough spooky elements to satisfy the fanatics of subtle horror.
