Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and their son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) head for the country in search of relief during the winter weekend of the bustling metropolis of Manhattan. On the way, they hit a dollar and end up trapped in the snow. A group of hunters who were tracking the money comes. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is angry because the accident broke the antlers. George, Kim and Miles are upset by Otis, and what's worse, we quickly learn that Otis has learned where they are staying. Meanwhile, Miles receives a wendigo token (a type of spirit / monster that changes shape in India) for an Indian that only he has seen. Is Otis a psychopath to take out our heroes? Are there wendigos in the forest? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendigo would have a series of attractive problems for the spectators. It is a fairly low budget movie, with technical limitations that are frequently displayed. Much of the movie, and perhaps all of it, is not really about the titular creature. And perhaps the fatal blow for many people, has a very ambiguous ending, with a series of unanswered questions. If those endings discourage you and you do not like movies that have the goal of making you think and discuss what it all meant, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies. how that. I usually prefer some ambiguity. The marketing of Wendigo is aimed at those who want a fast and frightening movie of creatures, in which they expect a great battle with a supernatural monster that is defeated at the end, and everything is tied carefully except for an opening for Wendigo 2: The Monster Returns, but that's not what this movie is. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of a creature film would suggest to most people. Heck, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, reciting Robert Frost. Frost's poem and George's comment that Frost can evoke complex images and an atmosphere from seemingly simple things is the key to the film. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about the movie is its complexity. In a way, there are four different movies that occur at the same time, a thread of each character. In George's thread, he is not exactly the happiest or nicest guy in the world, and he has some parenting problems. For him, the film is a realistic and horrific descent of his life that goes from bad to worse. In Patricia's thread, she is looking for the rejuvenation of her life and her family. She is a psychologist who mostly denies the problems that surround her, hoping they will leave and improve. In the thread of Otis, he has even more bad luck than George, and George's arrival in his life symbolizes the final "crack" in his psychological armor. And in the thread of Miles, which is probably the most important in the film, life is like a great poem because of its youthful innocence and interpretation of the world. But this is a horror story, after all, albeit with a ray of hope, and the events in the film give a dark twist to Miles's poetic interpretations. Even so, when everything is said and done, it seems to be the only one who keeps his composure, due to the poetic perspective. <br /> <br /> Even though the movie is low budget, there are many well executed people. ambitions of greater budget. Fessenden and photography director Terry Stacey find some great shots in beautiful places and created an interesting slideshow as montages (like the cards or the Indian wendigo images from the book). There are also interesting more traditional settings, such as Miles's nightmare. Wendigo is better filmed and edited than many big-budget films. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The appearance of "Wendigo" at the end worked for me and was appropriately ambiguous. The lighting was generally good: there were sometimes times when the dark scenes were not as clear as they might have been, but it seemed to be more of a problem with the film material (it could have been digital instead) or the transfer. I thought the performances were good and much more realistic (if you value that) than most movies. Although I did not really notice the score, it must have been fine, or I would have noticed it with a negative judgment. <br /> <br /> In general, Wendigo is a very good movie that deserves to be seen without preconceptions, as long as you do not mind having to think about the movies you see.
