Yes, you read correctly, children. Michael Bay should have studied this movie before making any of his "Transformers" movies too hyped, too long or too useless. "Robot Jox" is better than both and probably costs less than the "Transformers" team spent on Megan Fox's personal trainer. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, this little robotic jewel, initially known mainly for being the movie That bankrupt studio of Empire Pictures, by Charles and Albert Band, seems to have developed a cult over the years. I remember fondly that I saw it on VHS during its initial video release in the early 90s and although some of the stereotypes / policies of the Cold War era were outdated at that time (only the fate of the Bands that Communism would fall while the movie was sitting on a shelf waiting to be released, huh?), it's still a pretty cool B movie. They really do not do it that way anymore, or if they do, they go the Bay Route and the CGI things in unbearable proportions. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar, here is the Robo-scoop: We Somewhere in the future and after a nuclear holocaust, large-scale "wars" have been banned. Disputes between nations are now resolved hand-to-hand (or maybe it should be machine-o-machine-o) by a representative on each side fighting each other in giant-sized Shogun Warrior-style robots. Whichever bot is removed from the fight, it wins by its "side". Gary Graham (who would later go on to play Detective Sykes in the television series "Alien Nation"), plays "Achilles," the best Jock Robot in Marketplace history (a.k.a. the good guys). Achilles has been undefeated in his previous nine Robot bouts (ten is the maximum number of battles before a "Jock" is removed) and at the beginning of the film he confronts his "Confederation" counterpart (ie, the Russkies!), the psychotic Alexander (which is the worst stereotype of the "evil Russian" stereotype since the infamous turn of Dolph Lundgren as Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The match is called a draw when Alexander violates the rules with an illegal Robot Move at the last minute and ends not only embarrassing Achilles, but killing a lot of spectators in the deal. A rematch is scheduled to complete the fight, but Achilles simply wants to retire, hang up his helmet and move on with his life. Instead of violating the Spoiler Rules by revealing much more, I will simply say that there are many twists and turns, hidden scenes behind the scenes and other difficulties for Achilles and his fellow "Jox" before the two robotic titans finally face each other once. again in the final. <br /> <br /> I hope I'm not making this movie as a science fiction masterpiece, because it is not. "Robot Jox" is simply fun. I grant you that it's a concept a bit higher than your average B-grade science fiction movie, and although budget constraints are occasionally released (especially in scenes involving some painfully obvious green screen tricks), it's still the best-looking movie that has ever come out of the Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. Robot fight scenes are very well done using old school stop motion / model techniques, and sets and costumes do not look half-hearted in the least. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon were definitely shooting the stars with this picture. Unfortunately, it did not go well for them (or the studio), but at least we got a great little movie of the deal. In short: if you want to be assaulted visually and aurally for more than 2 hours, feel free to rent a movie of "Transformers". In the end, you probably feel like you've spent all this time watching someone play a video game. If you want to have a good robot, sock'em robot, choose Robot Jox instead.
