"The Matador" is a dark comedy starring Pierce Brosnan as an elderly man who befriends a straight-headed and happily married American businessman (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although the sardonic Julian (ironically called "Noble") seems to be a "tough guy" on the surface, beneath him there is only a mass of neurosis and insecurities, a man who realizes that his chosen profession has left him practically alone in the World and without friends. In this way, on his birthday, he approaches Danny, a man who has lived his whole life following the rules and who feels strangely intrigued by Julian's "unconventional" lifestyle. In fact, both men find in the person they could never be, but they would like to be able to become their quietest and frank moments of self-evaluation. <br /> <br /> Although the film recalls a little "Analyze This" and "Midnight Run" to feel completely fresh and original, "The Matador", however, earns points for the complexity of its characters and the quality of his performance. Brosnan, looking aged and almost exhausted, sinks his teeth into the role of Julian in a way he never had before. In interpreting a man who seems constitutionally incapable of making a serious connection with another human being, Brosnan is flip and arrogant in one moment, then genuine and sympathetic to the next. He always keeps us unbalanced so that humor never becomes rude or rancid. Kinnear is also excellent, as the regular Joe businessman finds himself increasingly on the dark side as his relationship with Julian deepens. Hope Davis does a good job as "Bean", the loyal and loving wife of Danny who, like her husband, is intrigued by this mysterious and "dangerous" figure of a world very different from the one she knows. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, we find ourselves feeling that "El Matador" is hiding something from us, which is not enough to understand the depth of their situation and premise. In the end, it feels a little too light, a bit too insubstantial to register the impact it should. This could be because this is the film debut of screenwriter and director Richard Shephard, and has not yet made his film advance. Still, one appreciates the fact that one does not always take the obvious and remains focused on the two main figures of the piece, and rarely conforms to the hackneyed configuration or easy laughter. <br /> <br /> 'The Matador' is a faulty but generally entertaining comedy that, hopefully, will mark a new phase in Brosnan's career.
