Robot Jox makes an effort, but it is fundamentally a series of battle scenes linked together: robot against robot, man against man, man against woman. The premise had potential, but it seems that the script did not really receive the couple of drafts it needed. Still, it was pretty good, for a science fiction action movie. Part of that was because the script was by Joe Haldeman. For those who are not familiar with the name, Haldeman wrote the award-winning science fiction novel "The Forever War." It is considered one of the best battle armor novels, along with "Starship Troopers" by Robert Heinlein and "Armor" by John Steakley. And this movie is really more like a giant armor battle movie, instead of giant robots. It is more like what the fans would have liked instead of the farce that was Paul Verhoeven's "Starship Troopers," which had only a passing resemblance to the novel on which it was based. <br /> <br /> Despite some assumptions, this really is not. It is not based on Homer's "Iliad". A couple of names are all they had in common. Achilles, who took the foot of his robot, had no parallel in the Iliad, which did not include the death of Achilles. Nor was the ancient Achilles a noble warrior. He was the most powerful, but also vengeful and petty. Even the robot that was killed in the first scene does not fit. It was named Hercules, while the Greek Iliad would have had Hercules. <br /> <br /> The effects were pretty good for time and budget. It is true that it was not comparable to "Terminator 2" a year later, but that movie cost ten times more. The detention movement was almost as good as that of the robotic walkers in "The Empire Strikes Back" and "The Return of the Jedi." In fact, it's better than many of Ray Harryhausen's animations, which are much appreciated, but quite outdated. <br /> <br /> Do not bring great expectations on this and you probably will not be disappointed. It's better than many other low-budget movies and even some aspiring big-ticket blockbusters that have better effects but much worse scripts.
