Fassbinder's most luxurious production sacrifices little of his talent to identify and deconstruct a place of suffering in long, moving shots that, in some way, also act as social encapsulations; here, it is much more evident, since history takes place in war-ravaged Germany at the end of World War II, and the central character is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria) who exploits vulnerabilities (both economic and related). with the genre) to catapult she climbed the ladder of a prominent textile body. that makes coveted products, such as lederhosen, available to destitute workers (as it was). Married in the midst of allied air strikes, Maria and her new husband Herrmann are allowed a brief honeymoon before being sent to the Russian front. In her absence, her despair is great: she spends most of her days at the train station, waiting for him to return. When informed that she died, she suddenly stops crying and takes a job as a waitress / prostitute in a brothel that cares for American soldiers. <br /> <br /> When he returns, things get complicated, as circumstances (and their sense of noble self-sacrifice) conspire to keep them apart. The message is M.O. of Fassbinder. She writes big: 'Love is colder than death', but not only does Maria face her own sanity and a husband who is largely incapable of loving her, but it is a country in a deep flow with no visible light at the end of the tunnel . Fassbinder is making some kind of post-war statement in which he sells himself to the highest bidder, but as with all his films, I tend to block those elements and concentrate on the unbearable passions on display: Fassbinder is as evoked through his characters ; Your actors are filtered through your real-life connections with Fassbinder. Together, their films can be unbearable or indescribably mesmeric, often at the same time; this falls somewhere in between, although definitely closer to the latter. While I did not like it as much as The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant or Katzelmacher, Maria Braun certainly has a greater reach and, what's more, I could feel her passion and authentic details of human emotions.
