The marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) is about a German girl (Maria) who marries a German soldier (Herman Braun) right at the end of the war. After being married for half a day and one night, Herman is sent to the front again. To make ends meet, Maria starts working in a bar for mainly American soldiers and meeting a black soldier. He learned that Herman died at the front, and things develop between her and the American soldier. Herman enters with them, in bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American, Maria killed the American. Herman admits the murder, ends up in jail and Maria swears to wait for him. The country is in ruins; One sees people leaving everything that is occupied by a cigarette. There is a shortage of food. It is, in short, a survival time of the fittest. <br /> <br /> Basically, this film projects Maria's attitudes, those attitudes she allows herself in the circumstances mentioned, as a metaphor for the loss of Germany's soul after they lost the war, and how Proceed to rebuild For example, Maria has the following conversation with a street vendor (played by Fassbinder himself); the seller tries to sell him an excellent copy of Kleist and she says that "Kleist burns quickly, does not provide enough heat for the cold". The peddler responds: "That's another way of looking at it, right now, it's probably the right way." <br /> <br /> Maria meets a French / German businessman, Karl Oswald, after she manages to get to the first-class train compartment. She decides to get involved with Karl, "You're not having an affair with me, I'm having an affair with you." She also assumes responsibility in the company, and after a while she has total confidence in the company. When Karl says: "I guess we'll have to wait for a miracle", she replies: "I prefer to work miracles and wait for them". In his own words, it has become the "Mata Hari of the economic miracle." <br /> <br /> In many of Fassbinder's films, he tried to expose the psychological processes that underlie social mechanisms (see Freud); in other words, he liked to point his camera at the bullsh * t, at the false social mechanisms, at the simulators. The direct approach that Maria takes in this film is successful in conveying this ideology. For example, she calls Karl and when he answers, her request goes directly to the point: "I need someone to sleep with". As Fassbinder said, "the emotions that people felt did not exist at all and were just a kind of sentimentality that we thought we needed to be members of society that functioned properly." He also stressed that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I especially liked the scene when Karl and Maria meet at the restaurant in Munich (apparently, it is frequently visited by Hitler himself). Maria seems to have control and Karl a little on the negative side, as if Maria's "brutal honesty" was exhausting him, as if he were no longer fully up to the task. Karl says: "I have to repeat over and over again that I love life." Maria responds: "This is life, no, as if we were signing a contract to enjoy life, and then we went out to eat and we talked about food." I guess this is also about Fassbinder's attitudes about relationships, never completely submitting to anyone. And why would you do it if the central issue of most of your films is about "What love becomes this society? A commodity, an instrument of power, a weapon." <br /> <br /> It was noted that it is typical of Fassbinder to have scenes with Maria and Betti walking in expensive dresses in the ruins after the war, with these clothes essentially in the wrong period. What I think he wanted to portray here were those attitudes, when you feel bad, that "you can always put on makeup and face the day looking great". But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any mistake made in a movie could be corrected in the next project. Since he completed the movies (about 4 a year) in the same way that others smoked cigarettes, it is not strange that this movie has some very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the script, mentioned that Fassbinder probably dreamed the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park, during the night. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is brilliant as Maria. Above all, she just stares at the camera. In Maria's own words "It's a bad time for emotions, but I like it that way". <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl died of a hart attack, Herman finally appears. (Herman left for Australia after he left the prison to "become human again.") After the will is delivered (done to her and Herman in half), Maria forgets to close the gas on the stove when he lights his cigarette. , and fly to her and Herman up. For me it is obvious that she did it by accident. At the same time, she must have been shaken when her dreams finally seem to come true. She must have felt as if she was no longer herself. She felt as if she had survived herself.
