Maria Braun got married right in the middle of the fight around her and her husband Hermann. To begin with, there was an explosion in the building, and she and Hermann had to sign the papers in a pile of rubble in the street. Perhaps this may seem like a heavy metaphor for what is to come: marriage on the rocks, so to speak. It is a compromise where the husband goes to war and is imprisoned in a Russian prison camp, not known by the helpless but hopeful and proud Maria, who stands by the rubble of the train station when some return home, others do not. with a sign waiting for Hermann. <br /> <br /> Problems arise, as in the melodramas of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, and as it is one of his best and most provocative, we see how Maria (Hanna Schygulla, extraordinarily beautiful in this role) will be make a double face : will be with his man, even if that means working in a bar for American soldiers and, even after listening to a fellow soldier that Hermann has died, will continue to be by his side while he sleeps with a black GI and approaches to give birth to his son (that is, of course, until he reappears and a murder occurs and he takes rap for her to be safe), or to work for a German businessman (effectively sympathetic Ivan Desny) and become his sometimes mistress and star on the rise in the company. Maria will do whatever it takes to succeed, but she will always be married. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say that there is something about Maria that is not fascinating. Money, sex, power, all these become interchangeable for Mary. She is like the feminist who has her cake and eats it with a sensual smile: she gets to have a husband, more or less (actually much less until the last ten minutes of the movie) while she gets things: a man who appreciates her . whenever you can, a new and expensive house with servants, a secretary, money that others around you do not receive because they are already with a man or are too weak to get up anywhere (like the secretary, they are pretty interesting). by Fassbinder's own mother). <br /> <br /> Maria is sexy, self-confident, and alone, with an idealized life that goes against a life that should be done in the shade. She tells the two men, the American soldier and the poor and sick Oswald, that she loves them, and that at the same time she will glue those roses to the confused and scrutinizing husband Hermann sends from Canada, after being released from prison. . She has a profile that a feminist would love to do, but she understands where she comes from and goes all the way. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder uses this inherent contradiction, and the moments with Maria seem to go against the conventions of a melodrama (for example, Hermann entering the jubilant and half-naked, Maria and GI is just a masterpiece of a scene, with Maria's reaction not of surprise or guilt but of pure happiness at seeing that it is there and much less alive), while maintaining her weapons as director of such an intelligent technique with a history that should be predictable. But it really is not. It's like a great metaphor for a country that, after the war, could not really go back to normal. Sometimes, Fassbinder puts the sound of the radio as a backdrop, and we see Maria walking around her family's house, with the hustle and bustle around her, and the radio speaks of a divided Germany, of things still very unstable, of a disorder. Maybe the only way to cope is excess, or maybe that's my interpretation. <br /> <br /> Actually, it is difficult to say under the eyes and eyes of Schygulla. It's such an incredible performance, really, one of those showstoppers that captures the glamor and charm of an old female Hollywood star while the ethic of a street girl. The most revealing are the opposite costumes that are seen in a scene when she is finally with her husband, where she stars in one of those super lustful black lingerie and high heels, and then puts on a dress without even thinking about it. That is almost the essence of what Mary is, and Schygulla achieves it wonderfully, a stubborn but somewhat amorous figure, who is adored and perplexed by the men around her, sometimes in a single sentence. This is what Fassbinder captures in his wonderful first part of his "trilogy"; Although in general I prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun is perhaps as good as a study of characters, of what makes a woman tick-tock and have (almost) nothing to lose.
