'The Student of Prague' is an old horror drama or, rather, it is an "autorenfilm" (ie, an author's film). This film is a member of a movement of many movements that tried to grant respectability to cinéma, or simply obtain a benefit, by adapting literature or theater to the screen. Fortunately, the story of this book with moving images is good. Using Alfred de Musset's poem and a story by Edgar Allen Poe, he focuses on the doppelgänger theme. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the most cinematic thing that this movie gets is the double effect of the exposure to make Paul Wegener appear twice inside the scenes. Guido Seeber was a special effects assistant for his day, but he is not very good at positioning the camera or moving it. The film researcher Leon Hunt (printed in "Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative"), however, has made an interesting analysis in this film using the frame to amplify the theme of the doubles: the characters are divided on the left / right, near / far and frontal Diagonal framing of characters and shots. In any case, the film consists mainly of long shots extended from a fixed position, which is remarkably primitive. Worse is the lack of editing; There is very little dissection of scenes and the scenes persist. None of this is unusual for 1913, but there were more advanced films in this regard almost at the same time, including the best parts of 'Atlantis' (August Blom, 1913), 'Twilight of a Woman's Soul' (Yevgeni Bauer, 1913) And the short films of DW. Griffith. <br /> <br /> A universal cinema vocabulary expanded to 1926 would allow a hugely superior remake. In addition, the remake has a reason for the character of Lyduschka, apart from being an occasional substitute for rioters and spectators. Here, the gypsy acted obstructing the stalking, apparently, with an invisibility cloak. I know your world is silent to me, but I suppose, with your lips moving and such, that your world would not be silent to them, so how can Lyduschka laugh on the shoulders of others and not be noticed? <br /> <br /> However, this is one of the most interesting early films conceptually. Wegener, who seems to have been the main mind behind this film, in addition to being the protagonist, would later play the lead role and co-directed 'The Golem' in 1920, which helped to further unleash the supernatural thread in the German silent cinema . . <br /> <br /> (Note: the first version I saw had a duration of about one hour (probably not quite complete) and was in poor condition, with discolored faces sometimes and that, I'm not sure who it was I have also seen the Alpha DVD, which, at 41 minutes, has no images present in the aforementioned print and has fewer cards of very different titles, but visually it is not so bad.Repetitive punctuation is better silenced, though.)
