One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was undoubtedly German expressionism, the highly atmospheric style of cinematography that developed during the 1920s in Berlin. Classic films like "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari". (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement, and although the movement did not have a long life, its enormous influence on cinema can still be felt today, especially in El Salvador. horror genre. One of the key figures of this style would be the director Paul Wegener, director of "Der Golem, Wie Er in die Welt Kam" of 1920. In his debut as a filmmaker, seven years before the realization of that classic, he was already doing Experiments with the expressionism in the cinema. That first prototype of German expressionism was, of course, another horror movie: "Der Student Von Prag." <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prag" ("The student of Prague") is the story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student with the reputation of being the best marksman in Prague, but who always find financial problems. One day, Balduin rescues the beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in a lake after her horse threw her by accident. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon discovers that he will have to compete with his rich cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry her. Knowing that he can not offer much, Balduin wants to be rich, and this is where a sorcerer named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) comes in. Scapinelli offers Balduin an infinite wealth in exchange for what he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the proposal, only to discover with horror that what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Little inspired by the story "William Wilson" by Edgar Allan Poe and the classic legend of "Faust". The story of "Der Student Von Prag" was conceived by the German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, a master of horror literature and one of the first writers to consider screenwriting as valid as any other form of literature. Written at a time when German cinema was still being developed as an art form, "Der Student Von Prag" shows a true willingness to use film to tell a fully developed story beyond a camera trick or a series of scenes. Like most screenwriters of his time, the Ewers script is still heavily influenced by the theater, although "Der Student Von Prag" begins to move away from that style. Although a little poor in the development of his character (especially in the secondary characters), Ewers manages to create an interesting and complex protagonist in the person of Balduin. <br /> <br /> While "Der Student Von Prag" was the director of Paul Wegener The film debut and the second film by Stellan Rye as a filmmaker is very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what I could do the cinema when it was done correctly. Giving great use to the cinematography of Guido Seeber, the two young filmmakers create a powerful Gothic atmosphere that predicts what the German filmmakers would do in the next decade. Wegener would learn many of the techniques he would use in his series "Golem" by Seeber and Rye. Despite having very limited resources, Rye and Wegener manage to create a surprising and very convincing visual effect (for its time) for the scenes with the reflection of Balduin (interpreted by Wegener as well). Already experienced as a theater actor at the time of making this film, Wegener directs the cast with great talent and also tries to move away from the theatrical style of previous filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Like Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best of the movie. It certainly helps that his character is the only one developed by the writer, but it can not be denied that Wegener was very good in his role as the poor student who loses more than his reflection in the mirror in that contract. John Gottowt plays the sinister Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that adapts to the character like a glove. Few are said about Scapinelli in the film, but Gottowt makes sure to let us know that he is a force to be feared. The rest of the main cast is less fortunate, since Grete Berger is quite average as Countess Margit, and Lothar Körner is a poor Graf Von Schwarzenberg. However, it must be said that Lyda Salmonova was quite good in its expressive character and Fritz Weidemann was an excellent Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg, demonstrating the dignity that the character of Lörner should have had. <br /> <br /> Taking into account the films It is being made in those years in other countries and the fact that its new version (made 13 years after this movie) is superior in all possible aspects, it is not difficult Understand why "Der Student Von Prag" has not passed the test of time as well as other early films. The film's main problem is definitely its extremely low budget, since it resulted in a considerably shorter film than Ewers's story needed to fully develop. This makes the plot feel a bit vague at times, or even incomplete, as if something was missing in the narrative (of course, there is also the possibility that the existing impression is really incomplete). However, "Der Student Von Prag" is a very interesting initial attempt at a complex story of horror and suspense in a film that, although inferior to what other filmmakers were doing at the time, left a powerful impression on the story. <br /> As the direct predecessor of the German Expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the enormous importance of "Der Student Von Prag" in the history of German cinema, probably in the history of cinema in general. It may seem outdated even for its time, but considering the limited resources its director had, it is actually better than most films of that era. Like the film that started Paul Wegener's career, and with that German expressionism, "Der Student Von Prag" is a must for all those interested in this segment of film history. 7/10
