1927, and Hollywood had been on the map as the center of the film world for little more than a decade. Now that it had become the site of a multi-million dollar industry and the vertically integrated study system had been established, some of those in the quieter neighborhoods of this film factory took the time to reflect a little. The Last Command, while his heart may be the classic story of a man of prestige fallen in difficult times, frames the story with a somber look about how the cinema recreates reality without certainty and how its production process could be impersonally implacable. It was written by Lajos Biro, who had been on the scene long enough to know. <br /> <br /> Taking center stage is a man who was at that time among Hollywood's most famous immigrants? Emil Jannings. Before coming to the United States, Jannings had worked mainly in comedy, being a master of Hammy's performance, although very hilariously timely, often as pompous authority figures or old has-beens. He makes his entry into The Last Command as the last, and at first it seems as if it were another of Jannings' cartoons. However, as the story progresses, the actor can demonstrate his rank, showing delicate fragility, serenity and, finally, impressive power and presence in the end. He never ceases to be an exaggerated fanatic (the tradition of German acting knows nothing of subtlety), but constantly catches our attention with absolute control over every facet of his performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, although Una had been in Hollywood a little longer and had no experience in the European film industry. However, Joseph von Sternberg cultivated for himself the image of the artistic and imperious Teutonic Kino Meister (the "von" was invented, by the way), and adopted a very distinctive approach to art. It is noteworthy in this image his handling of rhythm and tone, and a great example is the first of the Russian flashback scenes. We open with a chaos carefully constructed with movement in convergent directions, of which we, the public, become part when the camera recedes and the extras slide across the screen. Then, when Jannings arrives, everything is established. Jannings performance is incredibly calm and measured, and when the players around him begin to reflect this, the effect is as if his mere presence had restored order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg seems to show a distaste for violence, which allows the more severe Moments to take place off the screen, and yet it implies that they have occurred with a flow of images that is almost poetic . In fact, it seems that he really has a lack of general interest in the action. In the scene of the prisoners' revolt, Sternberg adopts a distant and objective posture, and his camera finally retreats to the position of flying on the wall. Compare this with the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex combination of point-of-view shots and intense close-ups, which push us directly into the interaction. <br /> <br /> As a personality on the set, it would seem that Sternberg looked a lot like the cold and insensitive director William Powell played on the screen, and in fact, Powell's performance is probably a deliberate parody in which even Sternberg himself would have been. Unfortunately, this harsh attitude did not make him an easy man to work with, and coupled with his focus on his technical resources on humans, the smaller performances in his images leave much to be desired. While Jannings shows the classic Hamming in the Charles Laughton mode that works dramatically, it seems that no one told his castmates that they were not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is pretty good, she gives us some good emotions, but she plays too much here and there. The only performance that approaches Jannings is that of Powell himself. It's a bit strange to see the nice star of The Thin Man and The Great Ziegfeld playing such a stern and humorless figure, like a male Ninotchka, but he does a good job, revealing a fiery emotional intensity beneath the hard exterior. <br /> <br /> The Last Command could easily have altered some pens in the studio offices, as is often the case with any contemptuous comments about the process of creating movies, even a relatively docile example like this. At least, I think many studio bosses would have disliked the "behind the scenes" view, as it threatened the mystique of filmmaking that was still very much alive at the moment. As it turned out, such was the impact of the image that Jannings won the first Academy Award for Best Actor, as well as a Best Writing nomination for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although the subject is a bit vague) nomination to the best movie. This is significant, since the Academy was a small institution at this time and the first prizes were more than ever a bit of complacency on the part of the Hollywood elite. But elite or not, they recognized good material when they saw it and were willing to reward it.
