Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film made by the company's own production of his hero (Shintaro Katsu). This is perhaps the reason why this is a slightly smaller entry in the series, although by no means is it weak in general. Account that our hero meets with two cities, rival leaders and a mysterious ronin that helps the poor, and from this configuration appears a story that covers a tragedy, violence and little interest, all served with the lashes of the impassive but inspired game of the sword. of the series of brands. It's a pretty predictable plot and it is mounted in a surprising way, but it slips along with the style and is interesting. The useful ronin, for example, is a non-inscrutable revolutionary character, who upsets the established order without being painted as a truly sympathetic or heroic figure, Zatoichi himself commits one or two errors and causes damage by his actions, while the dominant system it feeds the exploitation of the poor. It's a tough world, with one or two moments more visceral than expected in the fight, although things are not as exciting as they could be. Shintaro Katsu presents a typical brave performance like Zatoichi, combining wisdom, deadly ability and worldliness with a subtly sad feeling of vulnerability, while solid work also comes from Rentarô Mikuni and a truly evil Kô Nishimura (which will then appear as the "Serpent"). "Katsu Magobei's superior in the Hanzo trilogy) as the two main leaders in the film. There is also a good emotional turn of Yuko Hamada as an offended woman. The film is lost with an unstable rhythm and a sequence of events not so well constructed, there is at least a slightly jarring time gap and the power of the plot is lost a bit, which means that when things heat up towards the end , the film is not as exciting as it could be, the emotional impact is also lost. The action or the scenes of Zatoichi that use their ingenious abilities are well handled by the director Satsuo Yamamoto, although some of the bets are less interesting and the film develops in a way more similar to that of a man of work, without the animated characters or the strong vertigo of some other quotas Still, I enjoyed this, has its flaws and is not one of the best in the series, but still presents a sweet and satisfying dose of entertainment, a good story and decent doses of the ingenious and quirky brand of Zatoichi. Recommended for fans of the series, and a reasonable entry point, classy stuff, although it's not a real big one.
