The Matador is better at reflecting because the moment you look at it, it seems very light. The humor is always of medium caliber, never unpleasant, but never unpleasant. History is a very simple thread. The characteristics of the plot are often recycled characteristics, that is, the unscrupulous villain who needs a friend and the good one who uses straight glass lenses and who need security in life come together and learn from each other and somehow complement each other. each. I also find the bullfights to history unnecessary, since it is simply a cruel thing and the symbolism is not powerful enough to take place. However, it really is a good movie, because although at that time it seemed so thin and without effects, it was not. It has a subtle way of connecting with the audience. <br /> <br /> I think the reason why, slowly but surely, it gives the audience something to take with them is that, although it's a formula that is nothing new, even most of the Humor, both main characters, virtually the only characters in it, meet and know each other in some way. Forget calling them real. That is not what I want to say at all. What I want to say is that despite the fact that Pierce Brosnan's disgusting, womanizer and drunkard is an independent comic character, the writer has understood him firmly and definitely Brosnan, who is aggressively communicating how much he enjoys his breath of fresh air. James Bondless. The character of Greg Kinnear seems quite similar in his lack of scripts, but he has given some very unexpected footnotes that, for a moment, due to the lightness of the film, happen to us, but then they hit us only a moment later. Then, we realize that the movie is not just Analyze this, nor airplanes, trains and cars counted strictly again. He is really saying something. <br /> <br /> The climax of the movie is of a kind that wants to be partially a thriller with twists. But with its lightness, how can that be the focus of the film, although the plot has led? No, the focus is what Brosnan and Kinnear get from their improbable relationship with each other. Interestingly, The Matador is a film about repentance and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and repentance every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is so forgiving and accepting that Brosnan interrupts his life continuously, it is slowly realized that Brosnan is saving Kinnear from a more realistic version of his own version. The feelings as a means of redemption. The last scene in the movie stays with me. I think that's where the subtle side impact of the film finally begins to filter.
