Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth series in the continuous chronicles of Gundam. Unlike previous entries that focused on mass wars, this is a bit different; instead of having an army versus army situation, it is run by five teenagers (due to their ability to mix more easily than normal adults) and their machines called "Gundams" due to the metal alloy used in their construction. Which leads to problems, since gundams are supposed to be destroyed, replaced by "Mobile Suits", which are less destructive piloted weapons platforms and "Dolls" that run in A.I. and they are used as grumpy infantry. <br /> <br /> The main point of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing an advantage over a large part of the Anime that makes its way here. Especially since most of the anime is adapted from popular magazines, such as Naruto, Dragon Ball, One Piece, Dragon Ball Z and InuYasha, all of them from Shonen Jump, which is now available in the United States. <br /> <br /> Mobile Suit Gundam Wing sets aside most of the anime in the fact that instead of exaggerated battles between mortals who are more like gods, Gundam is very humanistic and seems to take delight in the fact that It is dramatic rather than melodramatic and the events seem to unfold throughout the series graciously. Normally, in anime there are more than a few series that think that the best way to have a "small" battle is to take half an hour, something that would never happen in real life. Gundam heads this by making sure everyone knows that the characters will die, the machines will be destroyed and rebuilt, the battles will be lost and won, and the actions never seem to be satirical in themselves. <br /> <br /> But the magic of Gundam Wing is in the details, and what this series has is that more animes would appreciate having. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magic or exaggerated martial arts, Gundam Wing is a hard-line science fiction from a country that hates hard-line science fiction. (NOTE: the author wishes to affirm that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not a plausible science fiction in real life due to the religious theme that is the core of his series) they love Star Wars, but they hate A.I. (the movie). From here on out, why Gundam Wing was and Gundam SeeD is now in production for the Japanese and US releases. at the same time with two voice equipment. American audiences only have to wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to capture the dubbed or subtitled versions or even the edited SeeD episodes that are aired on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The emotion is that these two The sides that are waging a war are technically the other way around. The heroes are those who defend the rights of the richest and aristocratic citizens of the Earth of the band of terrorists determined to obtain the victory at all costs that make up the protagonists of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. This is not war, this is "total war". Each person, each building, each street is an objective of attack, both on Earth and outside. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and the reason why I did not get the score of ten, is that at approximately three o'clock - just a step away, they just die in some episodes, and nobody seems to really change. Something like a flashback in present time, which is fine due to what it reveals about the characters, but at the same time it drags what should be the elaboration between Project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and excessive play on Cartoon-Network (in 2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz, the movie, more than make up for the situation.
