Did a team of archaeologists discover a real treasure? The Crown of the Queen of Sheeba. From Egypt, the crown will be transferred through a steamboat to San Francisco. But it will not be an easy trip. There are a lot of possible thieves who would love to have in their hands the invaluable jewels that the crown contains. Fortunately for all involved, Mr. Moto is at your disposal to protect the crown on your trip. However, that does not mean that someone will not try to put their hands on the treasure. <br /> <br /> After the disappointment of Mr. Moto's Gamble, I entered Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation hoping for the best. But, certainly, fearing the worst. But within the first 10 seconds of the movie, I knew I would find it more enjoyable. I'm an imbecile to a mystery of the 1930s style that presents everything related to archaeological excavations in Egypt. And seeing Moto disguised as a German archaeologist (imagine that, Peter Lorre playing a German?), The initial scenes really attracted me. While the film may have moved quickly to the less exotic San Francisco, it remained equally pleasurable. Dark and sinister characters lurking in the rainy night; Shots were fired from the open windows that hardly miss the hero's head; Sophisticated alarm systems and foolproof assumptions that only ask someone to test them; And the master criminals are believed to be dead? These are the kind of elements found in many of the really good mysteries of the 1930s that I love. And Mr. Moto takes a vacation, he has them all. A couple of other bonuses for me included the always nice Lionel Atwill in a nice little role, comedic relief from G.P. Huntley is really fun, and a return to form for Mr. Moto. I already mentioned his disguise in the opening scenes of the film, well, the athletic Moto comes close to the end of the movie. Moto is like an activity dervish spinning while chasing its prey. All this and I have not even mentioned the wonderful performance of Lorre. However you see it, Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation is a winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I hate that the Mr. Moto series has ended after this installment, it is understandable when you think about it. . World War II was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, a movie with a Japanese hero would not have been very good. At least the series of Mr. Moto ended on a very positive note.
