Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit man. Or a "fatality facilitator", as you prefer to be called. He is also a drunkard, a womanizer, and in the midst of a midlife crisis. In a job in Mexico City, he runs into Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an insecure businessman who believes he has just achieved a recent release, but he is not sure. They meet at the hotel bar one night, after both have drunk too many margaritas. <br /> <br /> It sounds like the scene of a suspense comedy, right? ? But is not. Instead, The Matador is a fun and sometimes moving character study. Avoid every twist that the previous summary would suggest, sometimes even setting them up simply to knock them down merrily. It is a film that respects the characters enough to simply allow them to move forward, without feeling the need to put them in useless plots. <br /> <br /> The Brosnan hit man will inevitably be compared to his Bond, but this is unfair to both performances. Bond is a half-idea, a product of everything that has happened before; While Julian is a fully formed character with his own motivations and shortcomings. He has existed in his own dark and seedy world for so long that he has forgotten how to talk to another human being. <br /> <br /> When he meets Danny at the hotel bar, he sees his opposite: a normal man. With a normal job and normal problems. He envies Danny; the hit man has tired of his life, he is getting closer and closer to his inevitable "exhaustion", as he says. But when Danny talks about the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, according to his own words, has been "fleeing from any emotion". Kinnear has his own acting opposite of Brosnan, and injects Danny White with his effortless man charm. He is the perfect complement for Julian; While the latter is intoxicated with bravado and hedonism, Danny is sensible, just with a touch of eccentricity. But he also goes beyond his established personality, and shows us how far man will go in the face of family and financial ruin. <br /> <br /> There is a real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. It is most visible in the three key scenes of the film: the hotel bar; a bullfight, during which Julian tells Danny what he does for a living, and takes him through a general rehearsal for a murder; and a scene in which Julian appears in Danny's house six months later. This scene also presents us properly to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how much The Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panicking in the presence of a hitman in his home, simply asks with forced calm: "Did you bring your gun?" The script is not as good as it could have been after maybe another rewrite. One or two lines seem a bit forced, and a couple of jokes need a little more work. But in the scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) only speak, the writing is excellent. The film does not feel the need to put the characters in extravagant situations (apart from knowing a hit man, and said that the hit man appears at the door of your house). It simply allows them to speak, gently pushing them towards the necessary plotting points. <br /> <br /> There is action, but only when it is reflected in the characters. A notable example is when Julian does a job in Budapest because he sees himself through the rifles. The rest of the film is about the characters, how they interact, how they affect each other. And, ultimately, it's about friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At one point, Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And he really says it.
