It is very difficult to rate this movie. As entertainment value for 21st century spectators, it fails miserably. However, for the student of the first sound and history films, it is a jewel. "Show of Shows" was a magazine filmed to compete with MGM's hit "Hollywood Revue of 1929", which is still intact with its Technicolor scenes. <br /> <br /> The purpose of the star review was to show the silent stars of a particular study in the speaking roles, and show that they could make the transition. However, Warner Bros. seems to have forgotten this and employs many acts and stars that they did not even have under a long-term contract like Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie and even a band. Meanwhile, his greatest talent, Al Jolson, is noticeably absent. Even with a high salary, he could not be forced to participate. Almost all the acts are too long and the film looks like a dozen Vitaphone short circuits attached without continuity. The ending is also too long, but it's really nice with all your dance numbers. <br /> <br /> The highlights of the film are two numbers by Winnie Lightner: "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bathtub", a couple of numbers with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore playing Shakespeare and fantasy Chinese "Li Po Li" with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last number is the only part of the film that survives in Technicolor, and it really is quite attractive. Reasonably, the players in these good acts were stars of Warner Bros. in the long term, so perhaps the director knew how to take advantage of their strengths since he was familiar with them. <br /> <br /> This film acts as a snapshot in A strange point in the history of cinema: the year 1929, which was the bridge between two eras, the silent and sonorous eras, and the roaring 20s and the Great Depression. Only two years later, this same movie would have had a completely different cast, since Warner Bros. would leave the stars of the silent era and the stars they hired only to produce the first musicals in favor of those stars that gave Warner Bros. distinctive urban aspect. and feel: James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson and others.
