This is an extravagance magazine of all the deliriously colossal and vulgar talkative stars of all the early talkie stars that Warner Bros. could afford. ... and like most other movies that are rarely seen in reality in the late 1920s, an unforgettable opportunity to see and hear the genuine exuberance and youth of the twenties, singing and dancing. THE SHOW OF SHOWS is quite gigantic. Vaudeville acts after soliloquy after dance of dances, of acrobats, of comedians, of fanatical dances after the madness of the ukulele, after Rin Tin Tin introduced "an oriental number" ... (!) ... and so on he keeps moving forward, smiling and shouting. Fabulous gramophone sound with vitaphone sound quality. It's too long, but among its delirious charms is the incredible number of "Singin in the Bathtub" created on a scale from which the QE2 architects would be proud ... Beatrice Lillie resting on a grand piano with some of the boys from the happiness. ingenious, Nick Lucas, and the endless end in two colors ... that is all ready for the song LADY LUCK. . So sharp is the tubby chorus and the teenagers jumping to entertain us that they almost kick themselves repeatedly in their own faces with joy and effort. Row after row of "doll" characters jump past and some even emerge from the floor. I'm not kidding, there are even girls tied to the crystal chandeliers, mummified with a bright gauze and chained with strings of pearls, unable to move (for days, I imagine, during production), while this toy box katzenjammer, athletics , contracture and spasm. Down to the ukulele orchestra. Of course, I loved it and had to watch this color end over and over again and then invite friends and family to the screen for weeks to simply horrify and terrorize them separately and roll around the room to shout for joy to each and every exclamation of their startled reactions. And then you should ... and rejoice that there was an era in which this was created simply to entertain and excite. Everything is so insane.
