The killer is a strange movie. His main character, Julian, played with an unusual blend of Brosnan charm and imbalance, is not your typical hero. Julian is a hit man who is experiencing a midlife crisis. After having spent 22 years in the cold-blooded murder profession, he is now stressed and desperately lonely. And so, after a casual meeting in a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he clings and begins an uncomfortable and uncomfortable friendship. Danny, the good boy par excellence, is dealing with some things in his own life and, to tell the truth, he could use a friend too. The two make an unexpected connection, and Danny stays to listen to Julian's story, even after learning the "unpleasant" truth about Julian's work. <br /> <br /> Matador approaches a subject that is not completely unknown in the cinema, the killer anti-hero (movies like 'Assassins' and 'Grosse Pointe Blank' come to mind). But Matador differs in several key ways. First of all, murder and gore are implicit, but they are never shown in detail, which means that if you are a fan of action movies looking for an adrenaline rush, this movie will probably disappoint you. And second, unlike most anti-hero films, Matador does not try to show the remorse and redemption of his main character. Julian's work is presented simply as a kind of "it is what it is". This is unusual, since 99.99% of us would consider killing for horrible money. And yet, this unorthodox approach is perhaps what makes the film feel authentic. Although we do not like to admit it, almost anything could become mundane after we did enough, maybe even murder. Did Julian's victims deserve to die? Who pays to kill people? Who knows. The movie never deals with these questions. The focus is on Julian and his stumble into a genuine friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in the newspaper, you would have a passing idea that people like him should be torn out of society like a cancer, but forced to see his life, he is attracted to his intense humanity. Sympathy for the devil, I suppose. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's opinion of Julian is well-made and deeply disturbing. He does not completely divorce James Bond's good looks and soft charm, but simply adds disquieting quirks to the mix. Strange or crude comments in conversations of average courtesy and the sudden changes of soft charm to childish tantrums and the sad and desperate pleas for acceptance. It keeps you guessing about your reach in your sanity and how it will affect those around you. It's a bit like listening to a pianist who occasionally and unexpectedly plays an incorrect note while playing, but it works. The movies just another important role, Danny's, is not that fleshy. Kinnear becomes a solid but unspectacular performance as a regular Joe with a life and normal Joe's problems. <br /> <br /> The film does not have big shocks or twists of M Night Shyamalan, but I could not guess the ending and it felt satisfying. He has no deep philosophical or spiritual knowledge and yet he feels very human. And he did not have any car chases or fights with guns, and yet I thought the pace was well done and I never got bored. Perhaps the only real message here is about the human need to reach and make connections with each other, and that those needs have no moral requirements. Even a murderer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. It is a commentary on the strange and random world in which we live. A good movie; worth seeing
