Sherman, established the recoil machine for ... 1986. The United States was emerging from its worst post-war recession, while Japan enjoyed an unprecedented industrial boom. Manufacturing industries remained an important part of the economy of the United States, and factory workers were a good example of the "average American." The word "reduction" had not yet entered the general vocabulary, but everyone knew the phenomenon. Bruce could be heard on the radio singing: "Foreman says these jobs are going, boy, and they will not go back to your hometown." Chrysler had just been rescued by Uncle Sam. Bumper stickers can be seen by saying "Buy American - the job that keeps can be yours". <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" does a better job of capturing the mood of the American industrial workforce than almost any other popular movie made during that period. Certainly, the film has its flaws: some loose threads of the plot and mediocre performance work by everyone, except Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story really is about the meeting of East and West: Hunt Stevenson, of Keaton, personifies America, brazen and confident on the outside, but insecure below. Kazuhiro de Watanabe personifies Japan, in addition to a successful system, but wonders if there is more to learn from his Western rivals. The plot of the film, defective as it is, simply provides a framework for the conflict, and finally the synthesis, of its two personalities. <br /> <br /> Keaton's performance eclipses that of everyone else, and he practically makes the film on his own. I have always admired Keaton for his ability to offer lines that feel improvised, no matter what script he is following. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a nice and affable man, a natural leader with a good run. But he has a fatal flaw common to many of us: he does not want to disappoint anyone. It will distract the crowd with inspiring anecdotes, and even lie, instead of pointing out the ugly truth. <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is the mirror image of Stevenson: shy and introspective, but also, because of his Japanese education, reluctant to be carriers of bad news. The scene in which Stevenson first comes to Kazuhiro with employee complaints perfectly captures the Japanese approach to labor conflict. Kazuhiro responds to Stevenson's complaints with "I understand what you're saying," but will not reject his requests out loud. Stevenson misinterprets this as an agreement and goes saying, "It's okay, we've already solved it." (This is still a problem in the commercial relations between Japan and the United States in the 21st century!) <br /> <br /> Ultimately, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: getting the factory to run smoothly, meet the production objectives and fulfill their responsibility to the workers below them. When working towards this goal, everyone has to take a page from the book of others. Kazuhiro's family increasingly "Americanized" is an obvious example. Also keep in mind that Stevenson thinks it's weird when Kazuhiro explains how he had to make a public apology to his workers for failing them, and even later in the movie, Stevenson does just that. <br /> <br /> The plot And its resolution is a little cornball, but hey, this is a comedy. If you can overlook the shortcomings of the movie, here is a great story about self-realization and open-mindedness.
