Many neglect that this is not just a classic due to the fact that it is the first 3D game, or even the first shooting game. It is also one of the first stealth games, one of the only (and definitely the first) truly claustrophobic games, and just a fairly complete gaming experience in general. With terribly dated graphics today, the game pushes you to the role of B.J. (Do not even * think * that I'm going to try to write your last name!), An American P.O.W. Trapped in an underground bunker. Fights andollow your wayouldways to get different objectives for all six episodes monthly (but let's face infección, most of piedras are piedras craneouldn' promover observance infección restoration habitaciones observa vehicleER, differential with terminal Nazis) . The graphics are, as I mentioned before, quite outdated and very simple. The least detailed of basically any 3D game released by a team of professional creators. However, if you can overcome that (and some would suggest that this simplicity only adds to the effect that the game has on you), then you have a great game of shooting and shooting. The game consists of looking for keys, health and ammunition, shoot the enemies (Nazis mentioned above and a "boss enemy" by chapter) of varying difficulty (which, of course, increases as you advance in the game), unlocking doors and Looking for secret rooms. There is a bonus count after each level is exceeded ... it depends on how fast you went (basically, if you beat the "even time", which is the time it took the tester to go through the same level; it's quite fun to try and beat, and how hard the levels are to find your way, they're even challenging after a lot of play-throughs, how much Nazi gold (treasure) you collected and how many bad guys you killed, basically, if you got 100% From the aforementioned, you will get a bonus that will help you achieve the coveted higher scoring posts.The game (mostly, but not always) allows two different contrasting methods to play ... stealthily or shoot anything and everything You can run or walk, and between your weapons there is also a knife ... Running is instantly heard the moment you enter the same room as the guard, just like the shots. Many guards are standing with their backs towards you, which means you can walk behind them and stab them ... almost silently. In your inventory, you can get no less than four weapons and two keys ... more information about weapons later. The keys open certain doors. Most of the gates in the game are not closed ... only two types need keys, and these keys are only introduced in later levels (reboots in levels, restoring armament, health, punctuation and lives in each chapter). Much of the later game is spent looking for them. Now, as I just alluded, this game, like much of the period (late 80's, early 90's), is based on the collection of extra lives ... personally, I think it's completely useless (luckily it's dropped from here on). final ... I think (?), from the next 3D shooter and onwards), since you can save whenever you want and when you "use a life" you reinitiate weapons, health and ammunition, like starting a new chapter ( which is a real pain in later levels, where * you need * heavier artillery). Now, I will not move through the branches anymore ... moving towards the weapons! You start with the knife mentioned above (which is silent but only cash up close) and a gun ... nothing special, but good to conserve ammunition, unlike the next two bad guys. Your third weapon is a German SMG ... a machine gun. It is faster and automatic, and some subsequent enemies use it. And the last ... it's nothing less than a Gatling gun! Oh yeah! Think T2. Think predator. Think of unloading large amounts of lead in the Nazi demons with a weapon of this type. It is as entertaining as it sounds. However, most enemy bosses use this, so be prepared. I will not reveal the identity of these enemy enemies, however ... that is for each player to discover it for himself (or her). The sound is excellent ... very clear and realistic. When you hear the tearing of a machine gun, the deafening metallic noise of a door slamming behind you or a scream of surprise or a warning in German, you really feel like you're there, trapped in these bunker systems dark and depressing. That follows me very well in the design of levels ... as you run through seemingly innumerable, almost identical corridors, towards the next elevator that takes you further, the claustrophobic mood catches you. I almost have dizziness more than once (although that could also have something to do with sleeping a little, a lot of humidity and an unusual heat ...) for playing. Although the level of detail is not terribly high, what is there is excellent. Remains of victims, guard barracks and innumerable Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also presents a bit of gore ... for its limited graphics engine, John Romero and his team certainly put all the blood and guts they could for the game. What remains to be said? The first of its kind, and it is not surprising that it has spawned many other 3D shooters. Of course, the movement of weapons and different height levels (ladders and similar) did not reach the next entrance to the genre ... Doom ... and it was Duke Nukem 3D that introduced the function of changing view (that's how beyond the left and right, adding vertical dimensions), and the jumps did not reach a third subsequent title (the first Quake, possibly? fellow players, help me here) ... but all those games, like the rest of the genre, its existence is due to this one. So load the Luger, open the door to enter the bunker and step on B.J. ... deserves recognition, even (or perhaps especially?) Almost fifteen years after its first appearance. I recommended it to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
