Eric Stoltz offers an extraordinary performance as Joel Garcia, a young successful novelist who ends up paralyzed and in a special hospital for recently disabled people after breaking his neck in a hiking accident. As he learns to cope with and adapt to the severity of his new limited physical condition, Joel befriends Raymond (an astonishing Wesley Snipes) cunning, skilful and fast-talking, and motorcyclist Bloss (an excellent William Forsythe) who feels threatened . for the diverse multi-ethnic variety of patients with whom he is forced to share a room. Joel also receives substantial support from his loyal and loving girlfriend, but married Anna (brilliantly played by Helen Hunt). But he must still accept the possibility of being incapacitated by himself. <br /> <br /> The key triumph of this remarkable film is its stubborn refusal not to disinfect or sentimentalize the seriousness of what these men are going through. The directors Neil Jimenez (who also wrote the thoughtful and insightful script) and Micheal Steinberg tell the story with exceptional taste, wit and warmth, and specifically address the sincerity and the fact that being disabled irrevocably alters the lifestyle , including and especially his sex life (this point is made with more force in a surprising sequence when Joel and Anna try and can not make love in a motel room). In addition to the excitement expected, the film also provides a surprising surplus of raw and earthy humor very funny that is highlighted by the sequence of Joel and Bloss who make a secret night expedition to a strip club. The excellent and uniform performance qualifies as another significant advantage: Stoltz, Snipes, Forsythe and Hunt are exceptional, with outstanding highlights by Grace Zabriskie as the kind and sympathetic mother of Bloss and Elisabeth Pena and William Allen Young as nurses nurses of the hospital. Despite the somber theme, the film finally proves to be a very poignant, positive and edifying cinematic testimony to the surprising strength and durability of the human spirit. A simply wonderful little gem of a drama.
