At first glance, this film looks like Keifer Sutherland's 24 series for the big screen. With the focus on a plot to assassinate the President of the United States, a race against time and many agents of the Secret Service, the agency under the spotlight on The Sentinel. <br /> <br /> But wait, the protagonist becomes Pete Garrison, the character of Michael Douglas, became a veteran Secret Service agent famous for taking Reagan's bullet in 1981. SS agents are especially trained to "receive the bullet", which is what makes them special. Will the mind be placed on the line of a bullet and a target? But Garrison is involved in the murder plot, and has to run for his life while at the same time doing his part of the investigations into the plot. All this due to his failure in a polygraph test, due to his adulterous blows by the First Lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shadows of Clint Eastwood's In the Line of Fire. Both had aging actors, and a veteran veteran has been heroes with a bit of historical reference, who took the bullet in their respective turns of service. While Eastwood's film has a more enigmatic villain in John Malkovich, The Sentinel suffered the lack of a strong and central villain, and prefers to share responsibility for the murder among many forgettable villains of the KGB and mole within the Presidential Detail. With Douglas fleeing the law, he becomes similar to Dr. Richard Kimble of The Fugitive, hunting down the proverbial one-armed man and, at the same time, trusting his intelligence to outwit his companions, which turned out to be quite interesting. to see: despite the skillful processes, it is still reduced to the performance and credibility of individual agents. <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, today's top 24 TV stars and Desperate Housewives, are relegated to support roles like Secret Service investigators who are investigating Garrison's likely involvement in the plan. of murder, and sometimes they seem to have lost the CSI pages with their forensic skills. The beautiful couple had a chemistry that could have resembled Fox Mulder and Dana Scully of X Files, but unfortunately these two had very little to do here. We know the reason why they are in the movie, and that is to take their fans to theaters. In addition, Longoria's role seemed unable to shake off her sexy mom Gabrielle, and here, she has it with rather short blouses (Sutherland actually tells her to cover herself) and tight pants (ogle-fest for fellow agents). <br /> <br /> Nonetheless, it remains a rather interesting look at the lives of the world's most charged and stressed protection details, and the typical threats they face on a daily basis, including tracking the threat of every madman in the life of the most powerful man in the world. It's a decent suspense and a research thriller, with enough storylines to keep you entertained. But one thing, however, like most of the final action sequences, this one has a gap big enough for you to fly a jumbo.
