The curriculum of Charles McDougall includes episodes of direction in 'Sex and the City', 'Desperate Housewives', Queer as Folk', 'Big Love', 'The Office', etc., so it comes with all the credentials to do the version of the movie for TV. The novel by Meg Wolitzer SUPERIOR, DOROTHY a success. And for the most part he manages to keep this potentially sad story about the sudden death of a loved one and the way the people in his life react to afloat. <br /> <br /> Sara (Alexa Davalos), a beautiful young single woman A woman accompanies her best friends, the gay dramatist Adam (Tom Everett Scott), the current problem of Shawn (Chris Pine) and the married couple Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with their little son, to a house in Hamptons. for a summer vacation. The group seems cheerful until a trip to the local ice cream parlor of Adam and Sara results in a car accident that kills Sara. Meanwhile, Sara's mother, Natalie Swedlow (Diane Keaton), who has an active social life but intrusively calls her daughter constantly with the mutual greeting "Delivery, Dorothy", is playing elsewhere: when she receives the phone call from that Sara is dead, immediately arrives. to the Hamptons, where his dominant personality and pain create friction between Sara's friends. Slowly but surely, Natalie discovers secrets about each of them, and prospers talking about Sara as if doing so would give her life. Natalie's thirst for truth at any cost results in major changes between the group and it is only through the binding love of the late Sara that everyone eventually joins. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton is at her best in these roles that walk the thread between drama and comedy and her presence holds history together. The script has its moments for good lines, but it also has a lot of stuffing that becomes a bit heavy and dreary, which makes the actors feel uncomfortable with the lines they are given. Yes, this story has been told many times (the impact of sudden death on the lives of people whose privacy is altered by the revelations), but the film moves at the rate of sharing and has enough genuine entertainment to make it worthwhile. see it Harp grady
