DER TODESKING is not one of my favorite films by Jorg Buttgereit, but it is still an interesting film about suicide and its reasons and ramifications. Those looking for a gore-fest or exploitation in the style of the NEKROMANTIK or SCHRAMM films will probably be disappointed. DER TODESKING is definitely an "art-house" style movie, so those who need linear and explicable narrations should not apply ... <br /> <br /> The basic concept of DER TODESKING is that there is an "episode" "for each day of the week that revolves around a strange chain of letters that apparently causes people to commit suicide, interspersed with scenes of a slowly decomposing corpse ... <br /> <br /> There are some scenes very well made and thought provoking, including the man who talked about the "problems" with his wife and the massacre of the concert (which unfortunately lost some of his "power" in me, because I was too busy laughing at the band aspect of SCORPIONS on stage ...). But seriously, this is sometimes beautiful (the scene that shows different angles of that huge bridge is particularly effective), especially if you understand the meaning of the scene and that the names shown are people who actually committed suicide by jumping from the bridge . ...), sometimes confusing, sometimes silly (the SHE WOLF OF THE SS scam is pretty funny), sometimes heartbreaking (I found that the scene of the boy talking to the girl in the park about his wife is particularly effective ) film that is more an "experience" than just entertainment, since many of these "artistic" films are meant to be. However, I did not find that DER TODESKING is as strong as NEKROMANTIK or SCHRAMM, and I would probably put it relatively on a par with NEKROMANTIK 2 in terms of my "level of personal enjoyment". It is definitely worth checking out any fan of the Buttgereit or "art" movies. If you like this kind of movie, check out SUBCONSCIOUS CRUELTY, in my opinion, the BEST art / horror movie I've seen. 7/10 for DER TODESKING
