The author of "Nekromantik", the second feature film by Jörg Buttgereit, "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. Centered around a chain of letters that originated in a group called "The Brotherhood of the Seventh Day", the film shows 7 episodes, each of which consists of a day during a week, where suicide is addressed using different characters and situations, all the time that the letter does. is rounds Do not touch this if you like movies or Hollywood musicals, enjoy happy or remotely "normal" movies or expect a movie to be good only, if it is focused on the performance on stage. <br /> <br /> The nihilistic, Der Todesking's avant-garde approach explains well why Buttgereit films in general were banned in Germany, their country of origin, during the 80s and most of the 90s. Der Todesking it is not really focused on the characters that appear on the screen, but the senseless apathy or depression in which most people find themselves consists in general. Buttgereit does not find reasons to continue living, only reasons to stop, and when choosing how and when you die, you can also be the king of death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> Buttgereit movies are usually difficult to categorize and Der Todesking is no exception. With the same equipment and almost the same cast as all his other films, "art film" is probably the closest description at all times. Der Todesking presents an original method to shoot, create the environment and handle the central object in almost all scenes. During a scene, the camera moves slowly and continuously in a 360 degree circle, while a person lives in a small one-room apartment for a day. During another, Buttgereit uses the corruption of sound and film to represent the mental state of a collapsing man, while he dwells in his despair. During a third, the screen shows names of scenes, ages and seemingly pleasant occupations of real people who have committed suicide, supposedly justifying the ban in Germany of this particular film. <br /> <br /> Episode films (and especially this one, since the scenes are only loosely connected) generally suffer from inconsistency, and Der Todesking is no exception. While all episodes have the same approach to death inflicted and its consequences or subsequences in all its variations, there are very powerful episodes, however, one or two episodes may even appear as filler material, and partly deplete the general power of the movie. The amazing and immense power of bodies that represent a decomposing body manages to keep the film together and clean it from its vaguest moments to the state of grandeur. The general atmosphere is disconcerting, impressive, very depressing and, at times, even disgusting, so much that dozens of people stayed in the middle of the film during a theater show at a film festival that I participated in. <br /> <br /> This is a film that leaves a lasting impression and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience and something they will definitely remember for years to come. It is not recommended for the weak fanatics of the heart or the shows, this is a small and different movie that really generates feelings in the audience. Whether it is confusion, amazement or even hatred, it is not likely that this will leave you without value, in my opinion, the best achievement of this small indie team. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the film, "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer part I-III" was released on a limited edition 666-piece 8 "vinyl, which is now highly sought after. get the classic masterpiece by getting the CD from the soundtrack of "The Nekromantik", which Highly recommended.The Lo-Fi synth music in the movie is dark and extravagant, almost of poor quality, makes it an essential part of the atmosphere of the film, and it's something that very, very rarely I would hear otherwise.
