I can not say much about Kalifornia, since unfortunately I have not seen everything yet (I only managed to see it in fragments in Fuse). But what I have seen is absolutely incredible! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I admit that not all of his previous films are good. But this role, I alone, his acting is excellent, his character Early seems very normal, it's fine, it's fine, it's weird, but it's normal for a hill of that type, I suppose. And the performance of Juliette Lewis, although I can see how some can get upset, I think it's amazing. Unfortunately I have not yet seen the end, but reading other reviews here sounds good, but disappointing. I must admit that I wish that David Duchovany's (sorry if the spelling is incorrect) was a bit flat, but for him it was fine. The character of his wife was better, and I thought that his performance, although not the best in the film, was quite good, a portrait of the avant-Gard type / elder sister. Particularly the scene in which Early and Brian are going to play pool, and Adele and Carrie are going to have fun together. I have seen that scene at least twice and I still think that the performance is simply wonderful. One due to the emotion that Adele portrays after talking about being raped by the three boys and how she feels about Early and Carrie's reaction. Everything about that I think is so perfect. I mean, maybe it's because I can relate a bit, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt, who plays the serial killer we can really see for once; I thought he was great. Some movies with Pitt that I've seen were normal or not worth watching. I do not think I've seen a terrible movie by Pitt or, if I have one, it's not because of his performance, it's other factors. This movie was not one of them. It turned out a great performance in Kalifornia. I swear I am not just a chance. I like him for his performance, not only because he is handsome, but his character in this movie is not exactly handsome or cute in any way. Pitt is dark, meditative and downright scary at times. However, he is also cheerful, fun, nice and even Adele's lover. Of course, there are some places that made me want to get through the TV and strangle it, but it's probably just me (and the character that Pitt played in the movie). But it also shows how good Pitt's performance was in this movie that made me forget that He was playing a character, that's what is supposed to make a good performance. <br /> <br /> In any case, I would like to be able to say more, but that is all I can say without having seen the end, I have seen most of the film through what I discovered in Fuse and As I've seen I'm writing this, I'm recording it in a DVR, so I hope I can write a more complete review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie that I thought was really cool and something that seems to have been overlooked (I should not have done it!)
