I had seen 'Kalifornia' before (it must be about 10 years ago) and I still remember that it really impressed me. That's why I wanted to see him again and all I can say is that he has not lost his power yet, even though I'm used to watching movies more than ten years ago. <Br /> <br /> 'Kalifornia' tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer, who want to move to California. But instead of stepping on a plain and flying directly to the state where they say it never rains, they decide to take a car trip. He wants to write a book about the most famous serial killers in the United States and she will make the corresponding images. But because their car uses a huge amount of gas, they decide to take another couple to distribute the costs of the trip. Only one partner has responded to the add-on, so they will automatically be the lucky ones. But they still do not know each other and when they see the other couple for the first time, when their trip has already begun, Carrie is surprised. Without wanting to be harmed, she can only conclude that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are poor white trash in the caravan park. She definitely does not want them in her car, but Brian really does not mind taking them with them and decides to stop and pick them up anyway. At first, the couple does not seem so bad after all, but gradually Early Grayce goes from being a garbage thief to a ruthless killer ... <br /> <br /> Not only the story is very impressive, but It is too. Acting from our four leads. Brad Pitt is amazing as Early Grayce. Your acting in this movie may be the best of all. The same for Juliette Lewis. She plays the naive and childish girlfriend who does not want to hear a bad word about Early and does it very well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise. They both did a very good job and I really wonder why we never heard anything about Forbes since this movie, because she really shows to be very talented. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very powerful story, but due to graphic violence, I can imagine that it may not be to everyone's taste (although I do not see another way to portray a serial killer in a credible way). Personally, I really liked this movie and the violence never bothered me (it's a part of the story that is too important to be left aside). I award this movie with an 8/10.
