In the same sense as Natural Born Killers, another film that was not as popular among critics because of its excessive violence, but I also loved it, Kalifornia is a film that clearly glamorizes violence, but I like to think that it gives the return in the scene. final act. Something like The Basketball Diaries makes a glamor of drugs at first, but it shows the bad side at the end of the movie, which is much worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistically yuppie girlfriend, who likes that violent and sexy black and white photography usually reserved for, I do not know where, places where nudity goes through art. Maybe he really does and I do not understand. In any case, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who fit perfectly in the role), are the perfect match for a documentary tour of the famous murder sites. Brian, the writer, will write the book, Carrie can take the pictures. <br /> <br /> Being artistic types, Brian and Carrie are not financially prepared for a trip like this, so they post an ad for someone to send it. share gas and travel expenses, and are contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). Early is on probation and assigned to cleanup work at the local university by his probation officer, sees the ad on a bulletin board, and decides to leave the state for a while, violating his parole but also leaving the scene of the murder of its owner so that You will not have to deal with an annoying murder investigation. You know, two birds with one stone. <br /> <br /> The film has a curious ability to represent two stereotypes, the artistic yuppies and the greasy trailer trash, without resorting to clichés or even ending with cartoons of any kind. Brian and Carrie are artistic liberals, but while Carrie catches up with Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated with Early's status as an outcast, as seen in the scene in which Brian shoots Early's weapon. He had never fired a gun before, he is as fascinated as a little boy. While Adele and Carrie are back in a hotel and Adele reveals such childish things as the fact that Early "stopped smoking" and that she is not allowed to drink (Early does not think women should), Early and Brian do. In the local bar. Brian reacts nervously to a drunk who tries to start a fight with him, and Early first gives Brian advice on what to do and then intervenes and gives the boy a quick lesson. "Hit him, Bri, he's coming." This is one of my favorite scenes from the movie, partly because it is very funny what Early says cheerfully when the boy's friends drag him, bloodied and mistreated, but also because as they interspersed with the girls in the hotel, we learn a lot at the same time about the two couples, their differences and the conflicts that are likely to arise because of them. And also, because Brian benefited from Early's actions and Carrie is appalled by what she hears from Adele, it also illustrates the different way in which Carrie and Brian react to Early and Adele. <br /> <br /> Clearly, at this point, it can be said that this is not the typical type of thriller, where the people of the city run into the country people and all kinds of stereotyped chaos. . On the one hand, it seems a bit too convenient for Brian and Carrie to go hiking to the murder sites and simply be accompanied by a real-life killer, but on the other hand it's a great way to counteract the glorification of the murder that is inherent . in a trip across the country designed to give fame to the murderers and their crimes. As they study the actions of past killers, Brian and Carrie finally come face to face with the material they are studying, and realize that murder is not as fascinating or as morbid when it is in front of you as through disconnected studies. of murders. past. <br /> <br /> I am constantly surprised by the versatility of Brad Pitt as an actor. Consider, for example, his roles in films such as Kalifornia, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club and Ocean's 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks, because he can change his appearance drastically or just enough to adapt to a certain character, and is completely credible By the way, I tried in vain to be Early Grace for Halloween this year, but I just could not fix my hair and beard. I even understood well, what I initially thought would be the hardest part. <br /> <br /> It's easy to understand why many people did not like Kalifornia or why they think it glorifies violence and murder, but I think that whatever glorifies it is done with the intention of clarifying the audience's understanding of its main topic. A film that did not glorify violence, at least initially, could never be as effective as Kalifornia, but the film structure it perfectly. The glorification is embodied in the fascination of Brian and Carrie for the idea of ​​murder and the auras of the places in which it occurs, but their realization, and ours, materializes in reality, which they encounter with Early and Adele. The very purpose of the film is to describe the difference between idealizing violence and seeing the horror of it closely and truly.
