Although I am grateful for this dark jewel of the Italian cinema films of the 70s in the set of shelves "Grindhouse Experience" recently released, and although it is also available in a disc under the alternative title deceptive and stupid "Escape from Death Row "I honestly think it deserves a proper and luxurious DVD edition, completely in its originally spoken languages ​​with subtitle options (the dubbing is really horrible), restored image quality and a lot of additional special features. Hell, I do not even need the restored image quality and additional features if we could watch the movie in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a cheerful mob / crime movie with a lot of violence, comedy (which, although it does not always work), feminine beauty and two ingenious main characters. Tony Lo Bianco is fantastic as the little thug who claims to be the biggest gift in the city. When the real crime, Mr. Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in the city, he sees the opportunity to go up the stairs offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little thief, but eventually they make an unlikely team when Frankie's entire criminal empire turns against him and a new French criminal mastermind even murders Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together they head to Marseille to extract Frankie's revenge. The script of this sadly neglected crime gem amusingly modifies the gritty action and suspense with bits of comedy, like the grotesque pursuit of cars through the narrow roads of the French mountains, for example. The accumulation towards the typical mafia execution sequences (guided by an excellent score by Riz Ortolani) is extremely tense and the actual murders are sadistic and ruthless, so the film is probably considered a classic of the routine. The film lacks a strong female protagonist, since the beautiful and voluptuous beauty of Edwige Fenech, unfortunately, appears in a couple of scenes, and then continues in the background. One of the men behind the camera, responsible for the excellent photography, was no less than Joe D'Amato. Great movie, highly recommended for fans of the Italian exploitation, and I hope to see it soon in its original version.
