He had never heard of Leos Carax until his Merde segment in recent years in Tokyo, and was easily the highlight of the three stories of the film. It was not my favorite shorts, but it was the most unique and the most iconic. "The Lovers on the Bridge" was the first of his feature films I've seen, a romantic virtuoso film that uses images and music to communicate to a lush young love that overflows into the poetic. Although it is classified as a neo-nouvelle fashion, his films owe both to the silent cinema and to the experimental narratives of the 60s. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in "L'atlante", Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin, who Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> In the debut of Boy Carse Girl Girl in 1984 he uses black and white and great dependency. In visual representation to show emotional states. It combines the exaggerated worlds of Maddin, but based on a reality that never seems as stable as Cocteau, but by virtue of its expressions it becomes more accessible, emotional and attractive like the Vigo films. <br /> <br /> The story of Boy Meets Girl is simple, and similar to the next two Carax films that make up this trilogy "Young Lovers". A boy named Alex played by Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in the next two films of Carax), has just been abandoned by his girlfriend, who has fallen in love with his best friend. In the first scene, he almost kills his friend on a boardwalk, but does not get to murder. He walks reminding her of the sounds of his neighbors who have sex, and fantasizes about his girlfriend and his best friend for intimacy. She steals records for her and leaves them in her friend's apartment, but avoids contacting any of them directly. He wanders and finds his way to a party, where he meets a suicidal young woman, and the film becomes part "Breathless" and partly "Limelight". <br /> <br /> Later he is advised by an old man with sign language to "speak for himself ... young people today are like forgetting how to talk". The old man gives an anecdote about how to work in the days of the silent film, and how a shy actor offstage became a confident "lion" when he was in front of the camera. This is where the film inclines its hand, but the open reference to the silent film is a crucial scene, since it is superimposed on the style of the film (mute and expressionist), with the content (a young man in love who tries to gather the courage to say it). and do the things you really want to do. Although Alex is thoughtful at first and a torrent of romantic words falls at the end, is the shy actor who becomes a lion thanks to the expansion of the film of his internal feelings that are not easy to pinpoint from one moment to another. , apart from the desire to fall in love. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the film in which Alex leaves the party to a room where the guests have hidden their children and babies, all crying in a choir that fills that room, until he turn on a tape of a children's program that makes them remain silent. Unexpectedly, due to a failure, the TV ends up playing with a secret bath chamber that reveals the hostess sobbing to herself in her wig about someone she misses. Even though Carax is self-reflective and disapproves of the same kind of anguish that is coming to the story he is trying to tell (the room full of whining children), he is mature enough to see through the initial irony of the lovers around the world. movie crossings. Even the rich old, bell-ball has a brother that she misses. In another scene, a former astronaut looks at the moon that once walked in his youth while drinking a cocktail in silence. <br /> <br /> Although indebted to the movies before the conversation freaks, Carax is a master of music, who knows when to channel. in "Holiday in Cambodia" by Kennedy, or in one of David Bowie's first songs, the sounds of a man playing the piano or a girl who hums softly. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl, when someone receives his broken heart we see blood sprouting from his shirt, when a couple kisses on the sidewalk, they rotate 360 ​​degrees as if they were attached to a carousel, when Alex enters a party and it feels out of place, is because the most interesting people in the world are really assistance; like the famous author who can not speak due to a bullet lodged in his brain, or the strange universe of 1950 that is in front of the astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic flourishes and extravagant fantasy stories, all have a parallel with different visual, musical and emotional cues in these Carax films. <br /> <Each line of dialogue, each piece of music and each effect and edition in this film resonated with me on some emotional level, some of which I lack words to articulate. There are many stories of a child who knows a girl, but instead of simply exploring the banal details of any particular event, this film captures the ecstatic truth of the passion and disappointment of teenagers. The other movies you want to watch can wait. Look at this first. If I had to make films, I would like them to be like that, in fact I wish that all films were like that, where the ephemeral becomes bigger than life and life itself becomes a dream.
