WWE has produced some of the worst pay-per-views in its history in recent months. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December to Dismember were terrible to say the least, so he relied on his B brand program, Smackdown! To try to finish the year on a high note. Armageddon had two great trick games in the Last Ride and Inferno games, three Championships were in play and an interesting main event in the form of a team war with Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to one of those Championship games that brought us not only the game of the night but also the candidate of the year in which Teddy Long gave us a Christmas gift for the fans. T-Lo changed the match for the WWE Tag Team Tag Champions League, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor in a four-team Ladder match, including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I will not dwell on this coincides too much, since nothing I can say would be able to do it justice. This has to be seen to be believed. There were many high places and many more brutal blows and awkward landings. The only movement I have to talk about, however, was the one that brought Joey Mercury directly to the emergency room in the middle of the contest. Jeff Hardy climbed a ladder that was placed in the saw position with Matt Hardy holding both MNM members at the opposite end to take full force. Unfortunately for Mercury, he did not raise his hands to protect his face and took the ladder with all his strength in his nose and left eye. This was vicious. His face instantly became a disaster for all to see and it is not surprising that this ended Mercury's night before his time. Later we learned that he suffered a fracture in the nose and cuts under the left eye. Be warned This is not for the faint of heart. The end of this roller coaster of a match came after Paul London managed to grab the two championship belts for victory. I have been watching the fight for almost 15 years and there is nothing better than this match. Amazing. <br /> <br /> The night opened with only the fourth game of Inferno. Kane faced MVP in a good match, but it was about the visual and not really about the action. There were some calls closed with flames for both competitors, but in the end it was Kane who forced MVP into the flames after they both ended up outside the ring. MVP ran around the ring while his ass was on fire and there was a sick part of me that laughed to see this. I can suggest to Michael Hayes that the MVP will be coming out next week on Smackdown! to Johnny Cash's fire ring. <br /> <br /> The other trick of the night, and the second match of a triple main event was a last-fight last war game between Mr. Kennedy and The Undertaker. This was a tough match from start to finish and was the best in the series that Undertaker and Kennedy have had so far. The used poles, chairs and a scene caused The Undertaker to launch 15 feet from the Armageddon and be placed on what was supposed to be the concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was evident that this was just a mat and the crowd did not explode because of this. The ending came after a chokeslam from The Dead Man to Kennedy on top of the hearse followed quickly by a winning tombstone. <br /> <br /> In another notable event of the letter. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by submission in another tough game. This was a very good fight with Benoit hitting 8 German suplexes in Chavo at the same time. Benoit was also considering whether to put Vikki Guerrero on the shooter or not. Luckily, he regained consciousness and let her go. This led to Chavo trying to wind up only to be countered in the shooter for the presentation. <br /> <br /> Another important match in the letter was the competition for the cruiserweight championship between the longest WWE Champion, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. With a lot of high-flying and dangerous places, some of which took place outside the ring, this was a match that deserved much more response from the crowd than what it received. JBL expressed it best when he rebuked the fans in Richmond, Virginia, for sitting on his hands during this and, at one point, even began a boring chant. Helms picked up the duke after a jawbreaker maneuver with his knees to Smackdowns! peasant resident. <br /> <br /> The Boogeyman covered The Miz in a worthless combat. I hate the Boogeyman with a passion. It's just worth listening to also because of JBL's criticisms of Miz. JBL is comedy gold. <br /> <br /> The last match of the night was the main event number 3. Heavyweight world champion, Batista and WWE Champion, John Cena joined to face Finlay and Champion of Champions, King Booker . There was no way the game could beat the Tag Team Championship game before, but he was entertained anyway. The game would have been more memorable had it been given an additional five to ten minutes, but how many times have I said that about this year's WWE games? It was King Booker who got caught at the end of the game after a great Batistabomb. <br /> <br /> So 2006 ended WWE with regards to its pay-per-view calendar. The year began with a terrible note with the New Year's Revolution, but it ended with a high one with Armageddon. This stairway will be remembered for a long time as one of the best staircase games of all time. I take my hat off to the eight competitors who, but their bodies on the line, give the fans an incredible match.
