IN AGREEMENT. I admit it. I am one of those nerds who have spent many hours with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful TV watching science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first space event, and since then I have changed partners regularly. I've seen them all, apparently, and my favorites are "Lexx", "Farscape" and the new "Battlestar Galactica", in other words: the most recent, avant-garde space operas. But, I'm also generally in love with the old ones, cheap ones, like the BBC's magnificent show of four titled "Blakes7". Here, the budgets are smaller than the hobbits, the special effects seem to be made in a Commodore 64, but who cares when the scripts are sharp and cleverly written with black humor, those who act seriously and sometimes even High-class? > <br /> But, why do they always speak English in the future of space? Because this is NOT the future, it is a fantasy for children. Still, it can be irritating at times. I, being Norwegian, have often condemned this atrocious fact that one never makes gender series, such as science fiction, for Scandinavian spectators. I never thought about the fact that this could have happened. But he did it, actually, once, and even in my own homeland, Norway. He was two years old when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (TV theater section) of our national public service channel Nrk produced this three-episode version of Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). <br /> <br /> When I heard it for the first time, I was not surprised by the fact that, until today, the program has only been screened once in Norway, so it is impossible for me to really see it. It also reached Swedish, Danish and Finnish television, at the time, but that was a long time ago. There has not been any video or DVD release, it's not a surprise either, and when it was shown in a movie theater, it happened in Bergen, a city far away from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another fact about "Blindpassasjer" that did not surprise me, which was written by the two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo basically introduced the SciFi genre to the Norwegians in the seventies; they published anthologies and wrote what they called the prose of the fable. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers, and he has written several great and entertaining novels, including masterpieces, some of them hilarious, such as «Bazar» and «Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost». Nothing more than this guy, also an acclaimed playwright, could build the script for "Blindpassasjer." <br /> <br /> When I finally got to see it, it was because a strange Swedish recorded the three episodes on VCR in the 80s, finally managed to transform it into a DVD and give it to me. He was a good guy. So I sat down and saw it, with subtitles in Swedish, bad sound and some scratches and errors; but the thing occurred to me and I was surprised that in the end I would love it. <br /> <br /> The exterior scenes with the spacecraft and the planets are better than those of Blakes7, and the credit is for the Caprino studios (which made the famous Flåklypa Grand Prize), and the interior of the Marco Polo ( the spaceship) works better than I expected. The acting is typically theatrical, but it works better than when Ibsen plays, to put it mildly, and Bjørn Floberg takes his role solidly, as does Trini Lund. The legendary actress Henny moan presents her lines in a serious and relaxed tone that fits the genre, but this is a piece of work, and I'm pleased to say that Ola B. Johannesen wears his mustache with nobility, and Marit Østbye is a space Really hot and chic of my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really that good? Well, one has to swallow the rather abrupt ending, the pretentious criticism of "modern society", but yes, it's really good, it's not really fantastic, but charming, fresh, nostalgic and pleasant. One hour and a half of classic Norwegian SciFi.
