Pixar has had great success over the years with the full CGI animated films they have made. "A Bug's Life" was the second of a lot of features that have done so far, preceded by the debut feature film of the company, the innovative "Toy Story", which was the first CGI film of long duration. I remember when this follow-up was very publicized at the time of its launch in the late 1990s, but I never actually saw it until November 2006. I saw it twice that month, and three years later, I've seen it a third time. hour. I have never been as impressed as I probably have been with any other Pixar movie I've seen, but after three presentations, I still think it's better than some of the movies I've seen in DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is home to an ant colony. These ants are forced to collect food for a gang of grasshoppers that come and take it every year. A member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor with a bad reputation for causing problems with his inventions, even if he does not intend to do so. One year, when the colony has just finished preparing the annual offer, Flik accidentally releases it just before the grasshoppers arrive! The leader of the grasshoppers, Hopper, decides to give them a second chance to collect food and have them ready for the end of the season, but they will have to double their offer! Flik suggests to the royal council of the colony that he go and find "warrior insects" to fight the grasshoppers when they return. Princess Atta, the future queen, lets him go to this mission only so that it is not close and causes problems, while the colony tries to collect food for another offering. The inventor finds a group of bugs that he believes are warriors, but after he takes them back to the Isle of Ant and presents them, he discovers that they are not really warriors, but circus bugs! <br /> <br /> The main reason Why this second feature of Pixar has never surprised me at all, could be the characters. For me, none of them has really stood out as much as I could have done, and in general it seems a bit tasteless. Fortunately, however, it is not like "Shark Tale", a movie with a very stupid and nasty main character. "A Bug's Life" has a pretty nice main character, one for which the spectators can rely on. The story also seems somewhat bland at times, but for the most part, it's good enough to keep the film at least moderately entertaining and, at times, has a good suspense, especially later. The humor, like some other aspects of the film, is not as good as it could have been, but there are definitely fun times, some of them related to Francis, a ladybug that is sometimes confused with a woman. You can always expect a great Pixar animation, and the animation in this particular effort of them is no exception. With all that this movie has to offer, it can be a bit disappointing when it comes to Pixar standards, but it is a reasonable family entertainment.
