When I saw the Life of an insect for the first time in a long time, I could not help but see the comparisons with Happy Feet from last year. In regards to the main story, they are very similar, an outcast who does what he can to fit in while trying to be special. It only serves to show you how much better that movie could have been without its liberal conclusion of diatribe. Many people do not agree with me when I say that I really like Pixar's effort in the second year. Surely it fails to capture the splendor of Toy Story, nor is the animation out of this world. However, the story is top notch and the characters are wonderful to hang out with. With lots of laughter and a moral center to start, I could see this as much as the other studio classics. <br /> <br /> There are many things about how to find strength from within to conquer all the odds here. Among our leader, Flick needs to maintain her self-esteem to save her colony, the colony needs to open its eyes to a new way of living for the future and the circus bugs discover that they are more than mere fanatics without a show, it all becomes a Best mistake at the end of the story. Even the villain Hopper is completely fleshy and threatening for the right reasons. He does not do it to be bad, but he understands the fact that the ants outnumber him by 100 to 1. He needs to be afraid of him so he does not have to worry about their discovering the truth. It is very much a circle of life, but not one that can not evolve with the ages. <br /> <br /> When you think about animation, it's actually pretty good. Compared with Antz, the rival film of the time, it is much more realistic and less caricatural. The water yields very well, as is the foliage. You do not have to look far beyond the eyes of the ants to see how many details were included in the production. Reflections and humidity, despite the soft exterior, show realism. All errors are finely crafted as well. The flies in the city and the crazy mix of creatures recruited to save the ants are never skimped, either for a small paper or a larger one. It is also in the city that we see the workforce in the environments. While Ant Island is nice, it's just the outdoors. Bug City contains a lot of garbage that doubles as buildings and clubs. It is a great show of humor and inventiveness to see what the animators use for everything. From the ice cube trays like circus stands, the box of animal crackers as a circus cart, with a complete nutrition guide on the side and a compilation of boxes to create a Times Square of posters and facades, everything is done all right. <Br /> <br /> As for humor, you have to recognize the talent of the performance for the wonderful delivery and inspired role options. No one could make a male sissy better than Dennis Leary with his sharp wit. I challenge you to think of someone better. Our potential customers are also great with Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, as well as the always fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the film, but also occupies a central place in the bloopers during the credits. Yes, A Bug's Life was the creator of animated shots of Pixar, a tradition that has continued. With many angry bug jokes, you also have to give support to the huge cast of support. Filled with "those actors," it's people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and the late Joe Ranft as the Heimlich worm that elicit the biggest laughs. <br /> <br /> In general, it can be the simplest story. for the Pixar screen, one that has been told one way or another several times over the years, but it is inspired enough and fresh enough to offer a pleasurable experience. There are moments of joy, sad moments and even suspense scenes full of action with birds that join the fun. Complete with a couple of my favorite Pixar characters, Tuck and Roll, there's nothing bad I can say about that.
