Lately I've seen many Tom Hanks movies and old Chaplin movies and even some of Rowan Atkinson's first performances in Bean, and it seems that they all have their own unique charm that pervades all their work, something that allows them to identify with them. Members of the audience of all ages, in a way that makes you feel good. A Bug's Life has the same charm, has a connection to real life that allows us to easily suspend disbelief and accept many talking insects, because although they speak, they still act like real insects. It is as if the team that made the film find a way to get us into the mind of a child and allow us to think like them, imagine the insects as a young mind does. <br /> <br /> Honey, I cringed The Kids was one of my favorite movies when I was younger, and for me, A Bug's Life is like a more realistic version of that movie, if only because the animation is so impressive and this style of storytelling opens up many more. More narrative possibilities. I try not to compare it with something like Toy Story (which I still maintain is the best computer animated film ever made), because the story of A Bug's Life is not as good as Toy Story's, but, again, almost nothing. The important thing is that it's still a wonderful diversion. <br /> <br /> The story refers to a colony of hard-working critters who have an impressively developed society, mainly geared towards the construction of a food crop, most of which will go to grasshoppers tyrannical, very superior in strength and general evil. , and I hope there is still enough left for the bugs to survive the winter. We received some visits from the grasshoppers, which make it clear that if the insects provide an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be terrible. And, by the way, the similarities between this paralyzing level of food extraction is strikingly similar to Mao Tse-tung's vicious strength of his own people during the "Great Leap Forward". <br /> <br /> Begins the fun and excitement. when Flik, ​​the main character, undertakes a search to find a band of appropriate warrior insects to return and help defend the colony against the grasshoppers. You see, she spilled all the accumulated food and put everyone in great danger, for what she feels is her responsibility, but inadvertently ends up hiring a group of insect circus artists who struggle to survive. Excellent for the audience, not so much for the safety of the clan. <br /> <br /> The film premiered in the late 90s, when many films seemed to have gone out in pairs, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and The Arrival, A Bug's Life and Antz, etc. Comparisons between A Bug's Life and Antz are inevitable, although it seems clear to me that A Bug's Life is by far the top movie, and not just because it does not star Woody Allen stuttering and whining through the lead role. This is a great family fun!
