Such a happy world has been created for us in A Bug's Life by Pixar; we are immersed in a universe that could only be documented in a pleasant way in a film, but more precisely in a universe that could only be documented through the world of animation. For those who have forgotten what an abundant and exuberant world animation can offer? when it is in the right hands, is that ?? The life of an insect is a warm reminder. We left the film with an equally warm feeling and a feeling of satisfaction derived from high-caliber film productions. <br /> <br /> It's just the second animated movie from Pixar. The Disney subgroup made its spectacular debut and perhaps a brand totally unnoticed in the world of cinema three years before in 1995, with its historical film Toy Story. It was a film that defied conventions, reinvented and gave new life to animation and defined a new level of excellence. Now, they return with their second year effort, which, to be honest, generates a sense of cynicism in all of us before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> After all, it's a movie about ants. Well, all the walks in the world of insects and insects are covered in A Bug's Life, but the ant is the focal point of this film, since humans are the focal point in dramas, romances, etc. How can a species of animal as insignificant as an ant act as the protagonist of a movie, let alone provide the full premise of a movie? Surely they joke. However, we forgot that in Toy Story, a lot of items from toy boxes were able to become the largest, most inspiring and adorable group of animated heroes and villains that have ever been invented. The guys at Pixar manage to achieve the same feat, and manage to turn a lot of dirty and tiny bugs into the most endearing and enjoyable bugs band you'll ever find. <br /> <br /> Not only are they all totally nice and nice? there is no unpleasant character in sight; Even the villains are fascinating characters? But they are colorful, they are eclectic and they are idiosyncratic. And the variety of characters is also gigantic for lack of a better term, only adding the rich layers of distinctive character that are already in the life of an insect from the beginning. We will start with our main character, and our hero. His name is Flik (David Foley), and his character is quite generic, to say the least. Of the thousands of faithful and obedient worker ants that reside in the exuberant and beautiful Isle of Ant, he is considered the "black sheep" of the clan, as seen in the first moments of the film, when he inadvertently destroys the harvest of the season with his exploits. <br /> <br /> The problem arises in the fact that the harvest of the ants is for a group of greedy grasshoppers led by Hopper (Kevin Spacey), who are eager to continue asserting their anger and autocracy among the Little Ants tiny When they arrive on the island of Ant for their annual banquet and see that their offering is gone, they go crazy, for want of a better term. Hopper offers a proposal to save the ants from total extinction at the hands of their herd; However, it is a negotiation that is simply impossible to fulfill. The gears and clockwork in Flik's mind run at full speed despite his guilt and shame, and he offers to leave the island of Ant in search of some powerful warriors of bugs that can go to the rescue of the colony and fight Hopper and the grasshoppers. > <br /> If you think about it, A Bug's Life bears a strong resemblance to the plot of the classic Seven Samurai by Akira Kurosawa, or the American remake The Magnificent Seven, in which a people of unfortunate but good people are threatened heart For evil and evil enemies? a solitary inhabitant of the village goes in search of help in the big city, finds it and returns to the colony to drive away evil. In A Bug's Life, the help comes in the form of a circus company that is mistakenly perceived by Flik as warriors in a bar fight. <br /> <br /> A lot of fun comes out of these scenes. , and a lot of fun comes from these mistakes of the circus company. Among them are an erudite stick insect (David Hyde Pierce), an obese German caterpillar by the name of Heimlich and a quasi-femme fatale ladybug that is in fact a sandy and masculine ladybug (Dennis Hopper). It is extremely nice to see these insects on the screen, since insects and insects interact on the screen, as does the whole film as a whole. <br /> <br /> As I said, there is a lot of fun and joy. out of their characters and happy interactions with each other, which give way to a group of hilarious lines, wonderfully fascinating and fascinating situations and, in general, a dazzling movie. What makes A Bug's Life even better is that the movie is not simply limited to children, as many may perceive, although children will find more entertainment outside of this movie. Cliché situations for children are a little more abundant than we would like. However, it is easy to ignore this flaw, and it is incredibly easy to enjoy this movie. <br /> <br /> Although A Bug's Life may not reach the dizzying and historical standards set by its predecessor, this is still an excellent movie. And the beginning of something promising here. Pixar has shown that they are not just a one-hit wonder, but a group of talented and talented film artists in Hollywood. They raise the bar incessantly, and when someone always manages to exceed their standards, it is only by itself. What else is there to say about the life of an insect other than: to see it; It's not exactly the best we've seen from people in Emeryville, California, but this beats the whole year? and they would condemn me if this is not the best animated feature of 1998. <br /> <br /> 8.5 / 10
