(It was originally a response to a film critic who said that A Bug's Life was too fast, too stunned, he was "dazed and exhausted" by the visual and seemed to ignore the story completely) <br /> <br /> Agree , First of all, I am 26 years old, I have a job, I go to school and I have a fiancé. ' So maybe I'm crazy and really good at hiding it ... but not only did I not come out of A Bug's Life exhausted or dazed, it was not until I saw it the second time I could really start. I appreciate the art and humor of the spectacular visual effects, because the first time I went to see this film, I got so wrapped up in the story and the characters that I FORGOT, that I was supposed to be sitting there, being "captivated" by each. frame visually How can you not empathize with Flik and his life on the way to devil with good intentions? "Heck" In fact, I found myself identifying with that little ant (not to mention some of the other bugs) in many more ways than one ... and that, in itself, tells me more about how incredible this film is. than an entire book in her beautiful sweet eye. Of course, it is beautiful (every blade of grass, tree, rain ...). Of course, what they can do with the technology is incredible (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this film is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, it's not just a dazzling explosion of movement and color. No, the life of an insect would be static if it were all that and not a story. But, I'm glad to say it is not! The life of an insect has a real heart. Yes, there are many things that happen, both in terms of history and visual, but that is because the story and the characters really have something of depth. The fact that it's a children's movie does not mean you have to turn your brain off at the theater door: children are smarter than you think! On top of that, I think the PIXAR team did this for themselves, even before their children ... and it shows, in the amount of heart it has. This film is moving, moving, funny, intriguing and, in general, fascinating. The development of the character in a cast of this kind is incredible, there is a lot of growth of the character, and not only the main character, so rare in animation and often in movies in general. It does not hit you in the head with your points once you create them: each scene, each picture has a reason in the story to be there and there are no free shots. Not always saying explicitly in words exactly what is happening means subtlety, for me, friends; it means not "ruining" your movie and assuming that the audience is stupid, that most of it is not. All I can think is that, if you can see the Life of an insect and not feel anything at all, you should never have made a big mistake, have hurt your friends, have been in love, in love, have been frustrated that no one would listen . You lied to someone you care about, you felt like a social misfit, you got excited about a new idea, you came up with a great idea, you had what you thought was a great idea, you were uncomfortable at an awkward moment and you trusted the following. pressure of responsibility, I defended yourself and your loved ones, you stood alone in front of the crowd, you felt like a failure, you felt like a great success, you felt the need to make a difference in your life in the lives of the other ... well, you understand. Final words: A + qualification of me; please, if you are going to see it, try to see it in the cinema (the panoramic and the video scan will NOT work for this movie); If you loved Toy Story, you probably like this (PIXAR knows how to make movies with heart); if you love it, see it several times or you will STILL not know what you are missing (the amount of detail and subtlety here is considerable); And every time you feel really depressed, pretend it's a seed, okay?
