While I do not think this is a perfect 10, I agree that it is well above a 6, which is what is qualified here. No, Brokedown Palace was not perfect and yes, your plan has been made many times before. That does not mean that it should not be done again if it is done well and I think that this movie had some strong moments. The performance of Claire Danes, as already mentioned many times, was impeccable, like Kate Beckinsell and I think that Bill Pullman was absolutely incredible, as well as the supporting performances (the wife of Pullman, the crooked policeman, sautéed or travel or whatever you call). The cinematography was also filmed perfectly, there were many good things for this movie, even if there were some negatives (three main ones that I also found). <br /> <br /> This is what I did not like about friendship between girls. In fact, the individual personalities of the girls themselves did not develop in depth until the middle half of the photo. It would not have been unlikely to lose interest before that date, since, in spite of the positive aspects, more character development should have been done before and certain scenes like when the girls were originally arrested, almost were overlooked, so There was a bit of a lot of leap. I think it would have been appropriate for this kind of movie. That, however, is not my biggest problem. AND WARNING ALERT-SPOILER. <br /> <br /> The ending as mentioned dozens of times already, was INCREDIBLE. It was horrible in two aspects. In the first place, even if it had been predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and powerful ending, but in a movie like this, there is a sense that justice will be done and I sat down to watch it. I was genuinely surprised by the end and it was done with excellence by everyone involved, but I think both girls should have left or, except that, at least the policeman should have received what was approaching him. I mean, nothing happens to them. To the bad guys, everyone gets away with it. Very disturbing. <br /> <br /> Also, I do not understand the ambiguity of the ending. I understand the endings that are inspired to make you think, but this was not a mystery or a "Clue" type movie that we were watching, and I would have liked to know something about what really happened, who was the culprit, etc., with this end we were left to decide it ourselves, but as I doubt there is a sequel, I did not want to keep guessing. <br /> <br /> Even so, there was a lot to like about this movie, and the acting is definitely at the top of the list, I would rate this as 7.5 and I would say it's definitely worth checking out.
