In the movie "Brokedown Palace", directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two of the best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate the high school graduation while traveling to Hawaii, but they hear that Bangkok, Thailand , it's much more fun. They changed their plans and decided to go to Thailand without telling their parents about the change of plans. While they were in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really handsome guy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He tells them he would exchange his first class ticket to Hong Kong for three cheap tickets so they could spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and upon entering the airport, the two were arrested for trafficking drugs. They were sentenced and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan was trying to show the audience that it is prudent to make good decisions because, in one case, a bad decision can change the direction of a life forever. Also, a friendly face may not be as friendly as we think once we discover the true intentions of that friendly face. Those girls made the decision not to tell their parents that they had changed their plans and that they changed their lives forever. Things have a fun way of showing us what decision we have taken the verses, the decision we should have made. Sometimes life is not fair, so it is important to think carefully about the choices we make because we can never go back and change the choices we have made. <br /> <br /> This movie has a great stage It was filmed mainly in Bangkok, Thailand. This movie also has good music; Some of my favorite songs are 'Silence' by Delerium, 'Damaged' by Plumb, 'Deliver me' by Sarah Bightman and 'Party's start' by Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this movie. These girls were young and naive and did not think deeply about their plans, a mistake that anyone could commit, so this film is good for any audience. It makes no difference, whether young or old, we are all human and subject to mistakes. Even though I did not like the way this movie ended up leaving me in a matter of: who really smuggled drugs? - I would definitely give this movie two thumbs up.
