We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but really there are only one or two people with whom you feel really close, the people you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. You can see that from the beginning. They graduated together, go to parties together and decide to go to Bangkok together when they were supposed to go to Hawaii. They are also arrested for trying to smuggle drugs into a third world country and that means disaster. The rest of the film is about survival and not losing hope. It also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good movie, it is not excellent and it is due to some problems that I want to talk about But first I want to say what is good about the movie. And to begin with, the performance is top-notch, and you can not look beyond the two drivers. Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in the roles they have. Alice is always hot and seems a bit rough, but she seems more fun than Darlene. But sometimes that fun can get her in trouble. Darlene is always a bit conservative and, although that can be irritating at times, she would have served the two girls better if her attitude was respected instead of Alice's. Bill Pullman is suitable as the American lawyer living in Thailand. The film is photographed very well too. The interior of the prison, although it is not the same as Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return To Paradice, but shows the necessary (but little done) desperation of the situation in which they find themselves. The address of Johnathin Kaplan is also quite good. We see the two girls who struggle to survive each day, but you can see that their spirit is getting a little more each day. Brokedown Palace is excellent when it talks about friendship and shows how they have to depend on each other to survive. The other thing that I had to comment on is the soundtrack of the movie. It increases and complements the mood of the film perfectly. The song you hear in the trailer is also reproduced in the movie and, when it is played, you feel the plight of the women in this prison. You can feel how lonely they must be and how desperate they are to get out and get back to the simple things in life. And it also makes you look at yourself and realize how lucky we are to live in the society we do. We have it easy compared to some countries and believe it or not, music is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this subject. Part of the music is made by a group called Delirium (I think), but it's Sara McLaughlin (incorrect spelling, but how do you spell her last name?) Which makes the lyrics and her voice beautiful and disturbing and add so much to the movie. <br /> <br /> What I did not like about the movie was the stupidity exhibited by the girls. I will not say what they do, but when you see it for yourself you'll know what I'm talking about. Also, he really did not feel that the prison they were in was so bad. It was more like a minimum security prison and that may be because, when there are similar circumstances in other movies that involve men who spend time in a foreign country, the scenes in the prison are always brutal and sadistic. But I did not get it here. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a great movie and it really makes you ask the question: "How far would you go to be a friend?". That is a difficult question. maybe one that none of us can answer honestly until you are in the same situation. Let's hope it's never due to that.
