I saw this movie a million years ago (5 years to be exact) for the first time. In light of recent events with the Australian woman Schapelle Corby imprisoned in Indonesia for the so-called contraband pot, I decided to watch this movie again. Except crying with all my strength, because I'm a jerk for hot girls who need it (just read my review of 'The stalking of Laurie Show'). Some moisture escaped me, but they were just buckets full of tears. Why? Not because the two heroines were not completely in love and helpless, not because the film was not heartbreaking to see these two children at the height of their lives locked in almost inhumane conditions. Why then? Why did not I cry? I wanted to cry! When I rent a movie like this, except that they move me, they cry like there's no tomorrow, I feel miserable and I like it. This movie was simply too short to do this. It was as if the script was reduced to the main elements of the plot, and in doing so, the psychological aspect was discarded. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale did an excellent job of portraying the emotions of the two friends, but this movie just screamed for more images of these girls in their depressing (and oppressive) environment. The mental journey is missing here for some reason. You can only see its key moments (which are very touching, I admit), probably due to a bad edit. Sometimes I felt that these girls were walking on a postcard. The relationship with family members could also have paid a little more attention. What about the relationships between girls and parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You see it, but the movie does not offer the complete picture, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> However, it was a great movie, and in the end I even had to bite my lip a bit. But I guess this has more to do with the acting skills (and appearance) of the actresses (and the music) than with the director's merit. To be honest, I almost did not know who Kate Beckinsale was before watching this movie (again). Now, I'm a fan! Great movie, as long as you do not expect it to be a classic cinema.
