If you are looking for a definitive biography of the life of boxer James Corbett, then this is probably not the movie for you. The famous boxer receives a "Hollywoodism" of his life in the 1940s, which makes the story much more entertaining and attractive than real life. However, because the performances were so good (particularly by Errol Flynn) and the script so nice, the adornments of the film can be forgiven. <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn plays boxer James "Gentleman Jim" from the nineties era. - a man who became boxing world champion in 1892. The film goes back to his humble beginnings and continues his career until he wins the title match against John L. Sullivan. However, although it may have focused mainly on the matches, most are quite brief in the film (except for the final title) and the emphasis is on Corbett's cheeky personality, as well as on his relationship with the lady played by Alexis Smith . Throughout the film, there is excellent support work done by a cast of wonderful supporting actors (such as the perennial supporting actor in Flynn's films, Alan Hale) and the writing really helped bring these people to life. <br /> <br /> What is particularly nice about the film is to see Flynn's athleticism as a boxer. While some of the shots are doubles, almost all the boxing scenes are of Flynn and he did a convincing job as a pugilist. This was a good start for Flynn, who generally played "pretty boy" roles or braggarts and this shows how difficult his character was. To find out more about this, try reading a biography of him: he was a pretty tough character before coming to Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Now, as for REAL James Corbett, read on if it is not. I'm not afraid to discover how the movie is not accurate. First, Corbett was NOT a poor man who came from a poor family, but he had university studies and he was brilliant. Second, while he got Alexis Smith at the end of the movie, they also divorced a few years later. Third, the wonderfully moving final scene of the film between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the movie, Sullivan was an imbecile and this could never have happened; actually, Sullivan was more of an egomaniac and Corbett was not the fat one. The guy at the head that they portrayed in the movie, although it was a lovely movie.
