Based loosely on the biography of James J Corbett "The Roar Of The Crowd", Gentleman Jim is a wonderfully windy image that encapsulates perfectly not only the rise of the pugilistic band that was Corbett, but also the wind of change with respect to boxing sport around the 1890s. <br /> <br /> The story follows Corbett {Errol Flynn} perfectly cast from his humble beginnings as a bank teller in San Fransico, until a casual fight with a former boxing champion that finally brings him to him fighting against the fearsome world heavyweight champion, John L Sullivan {beefcake personified deliciously by Ward Bond}. Not all fights are in the ring tho, and all the vignettes in Corbett's life are what make this a great entertaining image. There are class problems to overcome here {perfectly played as club members pay to knock down one or two points}, and Corbett not only has to fight to get the respect of his so-called peers, but he must also overcome his ego. as it grows as energetically as its reputation does. Along with the wonderful Corbett family, and all his stoic humorous support, Corbett's journey is as exciting as it is gay, but as bold and bold as he is, he is a very nice character, and is a character that corresponds to the nickname label he received. by Gentleman Jim. <br /> <br /> The movie never stops for a moment, and it's a test for director Raoul Walsh that, while we're waiting impatiently for the final fight, the events on the outer ring keep us entertaining, not even the secondary plot of love interest hurts this picture (thanks Alexis Smith). The fight sequences are very good, and they perfectly show how Corbett became the champion he was, his brand of fighter rings battling batters is now firmly in the history of boxing. As the final reel progresses, we all come down to earth as a later meeting between Sullivan and Corbett that puts all brutality in context, and it is here that humility and humility become the absolute winner, and as far as this spectator ... .......... I'll do to make sure I'm sure, 9/10 for a really wonderful image.
