Flynn, known mostly for his swaggering roles (and his antics in the room) takes a different approach with this movie and works wonders. Playing real-life boxing champion Jim Corbett, Flynn fully captivates himself as he makes his way from a hanged-out San Francisco bank teller to a celebrated boxer while keeping an eye on deb Smith. He and his best friend Carson attend an illegal fight and are arrested along with a score of men (and a dog!), Including a prominent judge. The next day, he has the opportunity, through Smith, to enter the judge's private club. Take this opportunity to delve into the good graces of its exclusive members and get a position as a resident boxer of the club. His unusually expert skill in the sport soon leads him to face all the participants, including world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond). Flynn is absolutely magical here. He is the epitome of charm, charisma and attractiveness in this role. He looks great (especially in a hangover scene with his hair disheveled and dressed in a white union suit) and does practically all his own tricks (impressively!) His delivery of lines is delicious and is believable and friendly, and at the same time Time is doubled and rogue. Smith exudes class and flavor of each pore and is a good complement to Flynn. At this stage, he needed a female partner who could deal with his advances and reputation (at that time he was subject to legal charges of rape) and she does it admirably. She is rejected for her freshness and arrogant attitude, but she can hardly avoid falling under her charming spell. Bond is incredibly corpulent, muscular and imposing, but tender when the script requires it. Funny support is provided by a young and exuberant Carson. Frawley is a self-confident person as the manager of Flynn. The rest of the cast is excellent, as well as the Flynn family and a variety of Nob Hill types covered. Everything is beautifully decorated and well run. Some of the sets are surprisingly presented. Some of Smith's dresses border on the squeaky, but it adapts very well to swept hairstyles. It is an excellent view of the first days of the boxing championship, but it is also much more. Some of them (like the character traits shown by Flynn) are enhanced or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many of them are authentic (such as the methods and costumes shown in the fight scenes). One line is particularly memorable: "I think I like you more than I like you, but I may love you more than you love me." It is a classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few zingers scattered throughout the script as well).
