The autobiography of James J. Corbett "The roar of the crowd" was the starting point of this animated and remembered fictional biography. The author was world heavyweight champion, succeeding John L. Sullivan, before the turn of the century. The events of the narrative represent Corbett as a reckless but sympathetic and intelligent young man whose conquest of the world of boxing and social prejudices in his time, when he was considered simply the son of Irish immigrants, a humble bank teller and nobody surprised everyone . . It took several hours of exciting and often fun screen time to show that his classmates were wrong. He is a bank teller when the film is released, but somehow he makes an invitation to a sports club for the more affluent. He falls in love with a beautiful but snooty girl, with whom he always seems to be fighting, and he lives in his house with a Corbetts clan that fights each other and seems to fight with each other as often as with others. When he defeats the club's best club and a professional wrestler to embarrass him, he finally decides to become famous by fighting. He goes out on the road with his friend, who acts as manager and coach, and, despite some setbacks, wins all his matches and attracts attention. When he returns home to chase his girl, he tries hard to upset the Boston Strongboy, the mighty John L. Sullivan, who enters bars and says he can "lick any man in the world." Few believe he can win a fight against Sullivan, but Corbett, nicknamed "Gentleman Jim" for his modest manners and patriotic appearance, surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of range and denying the power of furious Sullivan. The best scene in the movie may come when a beaten Sullivan comes to congratulate Corbett. The new champion gets up at once, tells Sullivan a few years before he has been different, and shows him nothing but admiration and respect. He gets his daughter as a result of his two performances, but at the end of the film, when they visit his parents, his manager can tell the world: "The Corbetts are in that again." The films are attractive and have a consistent style without being flashy. The script was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence of Corbett's novel. Sidney Hickox made the cinematography, with period decorations by Clarence Steensen and art direction by Ted Smith. Heinz Roemheld did the music and Milo Anderson the dresses. The film was ably directed by the action film specialist Raoul Walsh. Flynn also liked to work with Walsh, but he did not care about the other director he worked with most often, Michael Curtiz. Among the cast, were Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances, the charming Alexis Smith, a little irregular but intelligent as the girl who loves Corbett and a very capable Errol Flynn as Corbett, a young man who seemed like to touch Later he said it was his favorite role of the time ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale, his charismatic father, John Loder, a rich enemy, with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki along the pleasant procedures. It's hard to say enough about the logic and casual fun that the creators of this movie have generated; It is one of the most popular sports biographies movies and, by my standards, one of the most fun.
