After erasing my thoughts almost twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that I can now conquer this review for the complex French drama, "Lee mi labios". After writing more than five hundred reviews, I never encountered as much loss of words as I did with the subtle but inspiring love story of director Jacques Audiard. The thought spilled over what was loved and hated from this movie, and while the "loves" were dominated, it was the elements that were hated that provoked the most debate in my mind. "Read My Lips" is a drama. To be more precise, it is a drama driven by a character that fuses social uncertainty with the lords of crime with the stagnation of daily office work. This is where this review begins to fall apart, is it all these elements? But it is more, much, much more. As a spectator, you are instantly attracted by the representation of Emmanuelle Devos of this fragile woman named Carla, whose strength is lost for men in her office, as well as her hearing difficulty. Audiard brings us hard to his world by eliminating the sound of the screen when he is not using his help, causing immediate discomfort, not only of the characters in the film, but also of those who see. Without sound, the world is open to any possibility, and that is frightening. <br /> <br /> As we watch this difficult and disturbing woman enter her life, we uproot ourselves and have the opportunity to meet Paul (played exquisitely by Vincent Cassel, a skinny, smooth man with a mustache and who I had just gotten out of jail, homeless, unemployed and forced by the parole officer to get a job.This is how Carla and Paul know each other.There is that moment of instantaneous, disturbing attraction.The one in which we believe that she loves, but he is dark (and this is where he gets even more fun), and where we think he loves her, but she is dark, the constant inversion of roles creates the tone of the unknown. Who, as spectators, should feel more sympathy? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him, Carla loses a contract with a rival workmate, Paul helps her, Carla's ability to read people's lips is useful for an idea of ​​change of turn for Paul The jump s continuous from one side to another keep you in your chair, waiting for the possibility of some light shining through this dark cave. He never does Audiard can not only allow this story to take place, he continually introduces us to more characters; One as shabby as the next. Even our rock, our solid base with the probation officer is in doubt when his wife disappears. a secondary plot of this film that at first angered me, but after further debate was a basic ending for this film. However, none of this could have happened if it were not for our characters. The solemn and homelike look of Devos is impressive, as it changes his image for Paul; The truth of its beauty is discovered. Paul, the wild card in the movie, continues to use and apparently abusing friendship for his final game. Then, when we assume one, Carla takes a final form. <br /> <br /> Audiard knows he has incredible actors who capture his characters. Cassel and Devos could only play cards all the time and still be sitting at the end of my chair. The story, probably the weakest part of this movie, is at first random. The interwoven stories seem not to be connected at first, but Audiard allows them to connect little by little. Again, the entire segment of probation officers was tangent, but that final scene simply solidified the ends of the media. It is not an attempt to sound vague, but this complex (though very simple) story is difficult to explain. Many things happen, but it is up to you to connect the pieces. One of the favorite scenes is when Carla tries to discover where some money is saved. That use of sound and the scene was brilliant. It was tense, dramatic, and it was like watching a mystery unfold who was doing it before your eyes. <br /> <br /> In general, at first I thought that this was a mediocre French movie that I could easily forget. when is it over? It was shown that he was wrong. "Read My Lips" opens the floor for discussion, not only with the characters, but also with the situations. One will find yourself encouraging Carla in one scene, and Paul in the next. When Carla made a discovery in Paul's apartment, I found myself deeply angry. Audiard brought real emotion to the screen with its characters and development, and what it lacked in the plot. The actors were able to carry. I can easily suggest this movie to anyone, but be prepared; This is not once watching movies. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Rating: **** *****
