I chose to watch this movie the day it was premiered nationally in France, as a personal way for me to reflect on what had happened a year before; The collection works as planned: it provokes a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions, works as an intellectual homage, never leans towards cheap sentimentality or instinctive reactionism. <br /> <br /> There have been many allegations that the film is anti-American: although I can not speak for everyone in this regard, I am one of the Americans who discovered that such statements were completely false. People make a lot of noise about the Egyptian segment, by Chahine, because it expresses the perspectives of Palestinian suicide bombers who claim that civilians in a democracy are "fair targets" because they elect governments that bombers seek to attack, but this ignores many other things. Piece: several perspectives are discussed, no one is presented as the truth and critics, if they saw the piece, seem to forget the tenderness and warm dialogue that takes place between the director and the ghost of American dialogue. and the intense sadness of the director to learn of the tragedy. <br /> <br /> almost all the films are beautiful, reflective and inspiring, in particular the brilliant work of Mahkmalbaf, Tanovic, Loach and Inarritu. Nair, good as usual, actually tells a true story of an injustice committed against a Muslim family in the wake of the anti-Islam hysteria that swept, and still ravages, the states. I found Gitai's piece a little vulgarly strong and simple in his critique of media hysteria against terrorism, and Penn's piece was too impressionistic and elliptical for my taste, although I expected to like it. Borgnine is very good and brave in it. SPOILER WARNING: a reviewer below incorrectly reads that the fall of the towers is a happy moment for the character; my reading is rather that the fall of the towers is what, because light floods your room, locks you in the loss of your life that you refused to recognize. Again, this is a kind of Impressionist piece, since we know that if the towers were really blocking the light from this man's floor, there would have been nothing but smoke and ashes, not light, flooding his window.
