Eleven different filmmakers from different parts of the world come together in this film to present their views and ideas about the WTC attack. This is one of the best efforts you'll see in any movie. Movies like this are rarely made and appreciated. This movie tries to touch all possible WTC cores. These are some of the most important stories in the film that make this film so unique. <br /> <br /> There is the story of Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran) where, somewhere in Iran, people are preparing for US attacks. There, a teacher is trying to educate her students by informing them about the killing of innocent people in the WTC massacre. Then comes a story by Youssef Chahine (Egypt) where a filmmaker comes face to face with a Dead Soldier in the WTC attack and a Dead Hard Core Terrorist who was involved in the WTC attack. Then we see a story of Idrissa Ouedraogo (Burkina Faso) where a group of Five Children's Innocents sees Osama Bin Laden and plans to kidnap him and earn the money from the United States reward. Then we see the story of Alejandro Gozalez Inarritu (Mexico), where you see a black screen and little by little you see the real images of the buildings of the WTC falling. And the people who are trapped in the building are jumping to save their lives. The other most important story is from Mira Nair (India), where a mother is struggling to gain respect for her dead son, whose name is falsely trapped in the WTC massacre. After the September 11 attack, our heartbeat starts beating automatically if we hear two names anywhere in the world. First is the World Trade Center and the second is Osama! This film totally changes our perception and makes a strong point in affirming something else. <br /> <br /> I will definitely recommend this movie to everyone who loves to have this type of Home DVD Collection. Definitely worth every penny you spend. But, please, do not expect anything else other than the movies on this DVD. Of course, there are filmographies of the filmmakers but there are no additional features.
