As you know, the theme here was to ask eleven directors from around the world to make each one a short film of 11 minutes, 9 seconds and a frame. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): what Afghan refugee children can understand how the towers collapse? Well, nothing. A great lesson - Claude Lelouch (France): a weak plot with a great cinematography ... Imagine a deaf woman who lives in the WTC who sees without understanding that her dog barks ... Well, just watch it. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): the best oriental filmmaker has compassion ... For all: for an American soldier who died ten years ago, for the Wtc people but also for a Palestinian suicide bomber. Maybe the movie less tender towards us. - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): good images, makes us travel, sure ... It's not a very good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): from one of the poorest countries in the world, a tender and funny story about five children who want to capture Osama Bin Laden ... And they could have done it but nobody believes them when they say they know. where is it. Ken Loach (United Kingdom): On September 11, 1973, El Chile entered a bloody dictatorship of twenty years. Thousands of deaths, tortures: all that Henry Kissinger and the CIA offered to Chile, and knowing that this changes your point of view! I guess that's because of that particular short that no American movie distribution company accepted to premiere in our cinemas! Loach forgot to point out that 1973 is also the year in which the WTC was built! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): impressive images that we all know too well, and many black screens. I did not get it much, it's more an artist video (to show in an exhibition) than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israël): an absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc., around a burning car in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): about the anti-Islamic sentiment that followed September 11th. Very good now. - Sean Penn (us): a funny little story that reminds us of a fact that is usually forgotten, the WTC had a big shadow and some places now have a daylight that they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): a different one. Here there is not a word about the WTC, and the action takes place at the end of World War II. It has only one message: no war is holy. This short film gives very deep feelings, but the director apparently would have done better with more than 11 minutes. --- then --- A great movie, a great attempt to take the temperature of the world. I love.
