It was clear from the start that September 11 would inspire as many films as World War II and Vietnam combined; however, there is a great danger that most of the films that appear will be as good (or rather, bad) as Pearl Harbor. It's great luck that the first international release on 9/11 is not a corny love story starring a lot of pretty faces, but a collective work of 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> I'm not pretending to say that the 11 episodes are great (Youssef Chahine's, for example, has an unnecessary prologue with too many cuts and Shohei Imamura has a really strange ending) or that the segments are in the correct order (the one of Imamura is the only one Without referring directly to the Twin Towers, it should open the film, not finish it, Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last one, since it is the most impressive, but it is an impressive effort and a representation interesting the way other parts of the world react to the collapse of the twin towers. <br /> <br /> Consider the opening segment of Samira Makhmalbaf, in which an Afghan teacher tries to explain his students what happened in New York and, without success, suggests a one minute silence, or the part of Idrissa Ouedraogo (which presents a bin Laden-double very similar to the real one that will surprise you when you see it, I promise), in which 5 guys reflect Xionan about good things that can be done with the reward set in Laden. <br /> <br /> There is a surprisingly good (and extremely angry) segment of Ken Loach about a man from Chile who talks about what he calls "our Tuesday, September 11": September 11, 1973, when his President-elect Allende was assassinated and Pinochet installed his dictatorship, with the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This could have become a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it became a sad story and shares my appreciation for the best segment with Inarritu's (mainly sound impressions and phone calls from hijacked airplanes to a black screen, sometimes some photos of people falling down the WTC and finally a tower collapsing, ending with the brightness of the screen and a question popping up) and Amos Gitai is about a hysterical reporter desperately trying to get on the air after a car bomb exploded in Tel Aviv (difficult to recognize, but this one is a masterpiece of choreography). <br /> <br /> All these different segments (I still have not mentioned Claude Lelouch about a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic about a demonstration by the Women of Srebrenica, Mira Nair - strange, but it takes an Indian director to do the role that is probably more attractive to Western tastes: about a Muslim family whose son is under terrible suspicion after 9/11 and Sean Penn with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widower who leads life more depressed than one can imagine) adds to a unique film that is not easy to see and hard to forget. I am sure that this film will be a classic known to everyone in thirty years. I hope he is remembered for starting a long tradition of world cinema films. But, unfortunately, it is much more likely to be remembered as an effort of a single movie. And as one of the few films of September 11 made then, does not reduce this terrible event to a love story with a happy ending just to please the audience.
