This intense suspense drama driven by the characters of 2007 is like a large, juicy piece of Shakespeare's steak from a master filmmaker who knows how to bring to light unusually fierce and avant-garde interpretations of his actors. To begin with, consider it: the only dissident jury of Henry Fonda in "Twelve Angry Men", the delirious Mary Tyrone of Katharine Hepburn in "Long Day's Journey Into Night", the troubled survivor of Rod Steiger's concentration camp in "The Pawnbroker" , the lion of William Holden in "Network", and the alcoholic lawyer of Paul Newman in "The Verdict". The list covers some of the best screen work of the past half century, and can safely add Philip Seymour Hoffman, who desperately controls Andy Hanson in the ranks. At age 83, director Sidney Lumet shows no signs of octogenarian fatigue and, in fact, delights in the melodramatic twists of the heavily scripted screenplay by screenwriter Kelly Masterson. <br /> <br /> The scale of the story is deceptively small as it focuses on the moral commitments that unravel in a family where two brothers have despaired of getting immediate cash. Woody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamic in his latest film, the strange "Dream of Cassandra", but Lumet is neither pinched nor cautious in his fierce approach to this inescapable story of ambiguity and deception. The plot revolves around a crime that was meant to be without victims. Malvering funds from the payroll of his real estate company to keep his wife Gina happy and to satisfy an expensive drug habit, Andy, who speaks softly, is about to be exposed in an IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger brother, Hank, is a mass of codependent and post-divorce insecurities that are lagging behind in his alimony and child support payments. <br /> <br /> Andy invents a supposedly infallible plan to steal his parents' suburban jewelry while neither of them is supposed to be there. The objective was for the brothers to collect the route and for the parents to claim the insurance. Murphy's Law intervenes in all possible ways, starting with Andy pressuring Hank to do the work himself. After some fraternal deception, Hank agrees, but too scared to do it alone, he recruits an irresponsible and witty waiter to handle the theft. Luckily, the robbery occurs one day when Andy and Hank's mother is opening the store, and things quickly get out of control. Although the technique of round-trip narration is not new (for example, the "21 grams" of Alejandro González Iñárritu), Masterson's approach works effectively to delineate certain events from multiple perspectives, so that you understand how each character is led to the repercussions of an unfortunate event. <br /> <br /> The performance is perfectly in tune with Hoffman's fascinating performance as Andy, a Machiavellian reptile whose fresh exterior and innate amorality masks the layers of resentment towards his family. I thought it was great in Tamara Jenkins' "The Savages", but it's even better here. Lumet even gets a solid performance from the generally unbearable Ethan Hawke as Hank, impregnating him with the immaculate weakness that informs every ill-planned move. Like his beleaguered father, Albert Finney acts with his typical late braggart, but provides the necessary basis for the complexities of the Oedipus level. Marisa Tomei is an intelligent option to play Gina, since the actress is economically interested in the receptive and vigilant nature of a small but fundamental role. The esteemed veteran of the theater Rosemary Harris (now better known as Peter Parker's aunt in the trilogy of "Spider-Man") has little time as a mother, like Amy Ryan as the bitter ex-wife of Hank. <br /> <br /> There are scenes that border on the excessive, especially when the situation becomes increasingly desperate for the brothers, but the directors inject them with such energetic energy that the blossoms become forgivable. After the disappointment of the cartoon "Find Me Guilty", it's refreshing to see Lumet at his best here. The 2008 DVD offers terribly informative commentary by Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, all of whom chat with ease and knowledge. Along with the original theatrical trailer, there is also a 24-minute article better than the average, "Directed by Sidney Lumet: How the Devil Was Made", which presents images on the set and fragments of interviews with Lumet, two of the producers and the main actors.
