This is a completely diabolical story of how bad things can go. A simple robbery. Pick up some serious change. Gather our finances and everything will be luxurious. But the mom and dad jewelry store? No problem. The insurance pays for everything. There are no weapons. Nobody got hurt. Easy money. <br /> <br /> Older, more successful (it seems) brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has some minor problems. Heroin addiction, cocaine habit. A wife (Marisa Tomei) who, well, can not seem to act. His flat belly days passed. A younger brother, sweet and a little weak, Hank (Ethan Hawke) with some problems of his own money. Behind the child support payments of their daughter, indebted to friends and relatives, did not exactly captivate them at work, etc. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet, in this presentation at the age of 82 years (!), directs it and gets it to 99.99 percent, which is difficult to do in a thriller. I have seen more thrillers than I can remember and, most of the time, the director prints the film and lives with the holes in the plot, the improbabilities, the corny scenes and the end in a hurry. Here Lumet makes a thriller as if it were a work of art. Every detail is perfect. The acting is excellent. The plot has no holes. The story seems true and clear and represents a story about human frailty that would honor the best filmmakers and even Bard himself. <br /> <br /> Hoffman, of course, is excellent. When you do not have a marquee, presence of a leading man, you have to make do with talent, workmanship and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is no stranger to the role of sweet and small boy, adds a layer of despair and incompetence too human to the part so we do not know if we should pity or destroy it. Albert Finney plays the father of the lost children with a kind of steely intensity that belies his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has magical qualities of sensuality to accompany her unique creativity, manages to be as vulnerable as Andy's wife. (But who could blame her?) It's almost sacrilegious of a film critic to give a commercial or commercial five or ten star movie, but if you study this film, as all aspiring filmmakers should do, you will notice the kind of excessive ( according to most Hollywood producers) attention to detail that makes real art, the kind of things that only great artists can do, and in fact can not stop doing. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers in this movie, well, maybe a dozen, check the credits). All I can say in summary is Way to go Sydney Lumet, author of a lot of excellent films, and to show such fidelity to your art and your art at such an advanced age. May we all do half as well. <br /> <br /> Well, 00.01 percent. It was unlikely that the father (Albert Finney) could have followed the taxis that Andy took to New York without losing the queue. This is minor, and I wish all the thrillers could have such a small problem. One also wonders why Lumet decided not to tell us about Hank's fate in the end. We can guess and guess. Perhaps his destiny fell on the floor of the cutting room. Maybe Lumet was not satisfied with what was filmed and time ran out, and he simply said: "Leave it like that, it really does not matter". And I think that's not the case. What happens to Hank is not going to be good. He is not the kind of person who manages to flee to Mexico and is able to start a new life. He is the kind of person who receives a "light" sentence from 10 to 20, he meets it and comes out as a kind of shrunken human being who knows that he really was not a man when he should have been. <br /> <br /> See this for Sidney Lumet, one of the best directors in Hollywood, The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) , and many more.
