Tarantino once commented on a melodrama of the 1930s called Backstreet that "tragedy is like another character" in the movie. The same could be said, and not without mentioning Tarantino, the best work of Sidney Lumet in years, a melodrama in which the character is of great concern, not only for what is at stake with the cast involved. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece of a script here (it basically breaks down in crazy killer mode at the end in a series of weather events that only work in the end, and even that the suspension of disbelief is of the utmost importance), but his script transmits character before the plot, and in a story in which actions surround a robbery it is crucial to know who is beaten by these people. It is gloomy as hell, it does not forgive like Satan, but it is also absolutely fascinating 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Point it out, not only because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script where we see day to day. Daily actions from character to character before and, above all, after the failed 'mom-and-pop' jewelry theft occurs, but due to the formidable cast assembly (which, I might add, is Lumet's specialty). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers with their respective financial problems, and the first one approaches the second in what seems to be an infallible theft: looting his own mother and his father's jewelry in Westchester. However, Hawke's Hank involves another shadowy character, murders occur and, suddenly, it is a tragedy on a Greek scale that affects the brothers and their father, played by a perfect Albert Finney. It's the kind of material that most actors love: characters that, like Dog Day Afternoon, are painfully human, with bone failures, but they just want love or things corrected, and they have the inability total to meet your wants and needs. needs <br /> <br /> In this case, although Hoffman and Hawke combine splendidly; Hoffman has, up to the last ten minutes mentioned above, a super quiet and occasionally prankster behavior that reveals him as the brain of the operation, but then smaller scenes in which he decomposes emotionally (ie, with Finney or the car scene). with Tomei) push their talents to the limit; Hawke, meanwhile, is called a loser by his ex-wife and daughter, can not pay any debt and is called a baby by his own father, and he fills the bill for the party in all the ways that matter. He is not as defective as his older brother, but who wants to choose a drop for that title? And Finney, as mentioned, is at all times, making his turn at Big Fish look like a children's game (the final scenes with him are terribly tragic, his face recedes in a horror that has accumulated throughout the second half ). <br /> <br /> It also has supportive turns from a Marisa Tomei finely ditsy and perversely two-stroke, Bug's Michael Shannon as white trash, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris make brief impressions and accurate, this is a film with a lot of skill and heart, but not a forgiving heart, with a story that duplicates in details not for colorful plot devices but to clarify each step of the perpetual downward spiral of a family. If it's not as mind-boggling as Serpico or Network, or The Pawnbroker or 12 Angry Men, it's as close as anything Lumet has done since then.
