The full title of this film is "You can be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you're dead", a new version of the old Irish toast "Have food and clothes, a soft pillow for your head, you're 40 years in heaven, before the devil knows you're dead. "The first time screenwriter Kelly Masterson (with some modifications by director Sidney Lumet) invented a melodrama that explores how fragmented a family can become when external forces In this film, the spectator is allowed to witness the gradual but almost complete implosion of a family through a manipulation that is widely used but, in this case, very sensitive to the flashback technique. narration: By repeatedly offering the different advantages of each of the characters over the central incidents that lead to this rather distressing story, we see all the motivations of the players in this case of a robbery that went very wrong. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy executive, married to a Gina (Marisa Tomei) emotionally in need and addicted to an expensive drug habit. His life is beginning to fall apart and he needs money. Andy's younger brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke), has a life in ruins. He is divorced from his astute wife Martha (Amy Ryan), is delinquent on alimony and child support, and has borrowed as much as possible from his friends. , and he needs money. Andy proposes a low profile robbery from a small jewelry store to the mall that promises safe and fast money for both. The problem is that the history of jewelry belongs to the parents of men: Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy advances some cash to Hank and disputes the agreement that Hank will do the actual robbery, but although Hank agrees to the "security" plan, he hires a friend to take over the job, while Hank plans to be the driver of the breakaway. car. The theft is terribly unsuccessful when Nanette, introducing herself to the regular employee, shoots the thief and herself is shot in disarray. The disaster reveals many secrets about the family's fragile relationships and, when Nanette dies, Charles, Andy and Hank (and their respective partners) are forced to end up in disastrous surprises at every step. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors in this strong, but emotionally acrimonious film offers excellent performances, and although we've come to expect that from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris, it's the wise hand from the direction of Sidney Lumet that makes this film so powerful and unforgettable. It is not an easy movie to watch, but it is a film that allows some courageous performances that demand our respect, a film that reminds us how fragile families can be. Harp grady
