I am beginning to see a very consistent pattern in the identity of the 2007 films. If 2004 was the year of the biographies and 2005 was the year of the political films, 2007 can be identified as a year with a lot of moral stories , films that portray, prove, challenge and question human morals and the motives that drive us. Do certain things Although this identification is quite broad, I think there are a handful of movies released this year, like 3:10 To Yuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangster, No Country for Old Men and others that specifically question and study human morality and the Reasons that They impel us to acts such as violence or betrayal. Before the devil knows that you are dead it is a morally malicious tale, and quite dark, gloomy and depressing. And even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classical leadership forces of our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, who many have said has passed his best but returns with all his strength with this critically rich thriller. <br /> <br /> It is one of those films whose arguments are so thick, that one is very reluctant to go into details. It is a film that is best enjoyed if you enter without any prior knowledge of the events that are about to unfold, as there are twists and turns. But the thick and richly forged plot is not at all in the center of this film; the true focus is, as I mentioned, the moral tale; The reasons that lead these two men to the actions they perform in the film. In a plot structured as a combination between the filmographies of The Coen Brothers (namely, Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men driven under various grim circumstances to carry out a rather simple crime that comes out incredibly, ridiculously incorrect. , and Corresponds with full force and inevitable tragedy. And to make it even more interesting, the film is told in a fragmented chronology that tracks and shows a series of events following a different character each time and always ends where it stayed the last time. Sizzling, sharp, thick and depressingly precarious, Kelly Masterson's script is surprisingly moving and well-rounded, particularly because it's a debut script. <br /> <br /> But the movie has much more in its favor than simply deliciously sinister And the plot quite depressing. First of all, the image looks and feels extraordinarily well. Sidney Lumet, throughout his career, has constantly used an interesting style of cinematography and lighting: naturalistic and elegant at the same time. The film carries with it a distinctive air of style and class, with wonderful natural lighting that looks really cool. The edition is first class; combining the sizzling drama-thriller with big long takes that really take time to portray the action accordingly. And the vivid and dynamic camera angles and movements add to the style. The film is also backed by a fantastically succulent musical score by Carter Burwell. <br /> <br /> The script does its part, and of course Lumet does his part, but in the dramatic center of the film there are three masterful actors who offer incredibly good performances. First, there are the two drivers. Philip Seymour Hoffman, leader of the pack, has always been an excellent actor, but has met the new status of leader after his extraordinary and fantastic interpretation of an Oscar in Capote. His turn in this movie is fascinating: severely flawed, broken, manic. Hoffman has some really intense scenes in the movie that really allow his dramatic fury to manifest, and not just his subtlety and wit. At his side is Ethan Hawke, who has offered some fantastic performances in many films that are almost always eclipsed by bigger and bigger actors. Here, it bounces on Hoffman and complements it incredibly well; In general, the dynamic performance between the two is absolutely fantastic and convincing, the audience quickly gets lost in the characters and forgets that they are watching actors. And then there's Albert Finney. A support role as flexible and opulent as he has requires a veteran professional and here Finney offers his best performance in many years as the father obsessed with the children of the two brothers who are trapped in the crime. I love how the dynamics among the three develop. I love how Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and blatantly turns to his younger brother even now that they are middle-aged men; and yet, despite this, it is clear how Finney's father favors Hawke's younger and weaker brother. Also on the theme of the cast, the two supporting female characters? wives of brothers ?? They also feature fantastic performances by Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose looks improve and improve as the years go by. <br /> <br /> This movie is not revolutionary. These themes and this style have already been explored by people like The Coen Brothers, and it is very easy to imagine them directing this film. But for a film that touches familiar ground, it simply stands out. Lumet employs his immense talent as a director and employs his unique and very subtle sense of irony and style for Masterson's first screenplay, vividly bright, intense and depressingly morbid. The main performances are incredibly intense and the film presents absolutely fantastic twists of Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; But the biggest wonder of the film is that three years after winning an Oscar for the achievement of a lifetime, highly respected as the definitive sign of retirement in the film business, Sidney Lumet shows that he still has the immense talent to offer a truly wonderful and resonant sound. , intense piece of cinema that reminds of his golden years.
