Sydney Lumet has not had a blockbuster in 20 years and, however, at 83, has managed to produce a thriller of suspense and suspense in his former territory of the city of New York. (It is also a mystery how it was secured, much less the budget after all those failures). The story is pretty grim and the characters are not particularly nice, but it kept me on the edge of my seat until the final scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers with pressing financial problems conspire to steal a suburban jewelry store. property of their elderly parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The robbery goes wrong and two people die. Most of the film deals with the consequences. The action is not linear and can be seen from the different points of view of the main character, but it is not difficult to follow. What is not so easy to solve is the background story? How did the brothers get into such a mess? Are there any clues? the younger brother who is the baby of the family is the favorite of his father, while the older brother seems to be carrying a lot of luggage about his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but that hardly explains that he becomes a murderous embezzler who uses heroin . <br /> <br /> As the intriguing older brother, a burly Philip Seymour Hoffman dominates the film, but is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his younger brother, harassed and inadequate. Albert Finney as his father seems to be in a state of constant anger but then the script asks for it. Marisa Tomei, as the unfaithful wife of the older brother at the age of 42, presents the sexiest act I've seen in many years. The movie literally starts with a pop, but we're out of that comfort zone quite quickly. <br /> <br /> I do not know the origins of this story for the first time that screenwriter Kelly Masterton, but I suspect that, like Lumet, it's great. Is the 70s movie "Dog Day Afternoon" based on facts? It's too silly to be false. Lumet is almost the last of those immensely versatile art studio directors who with immense speed could direct almost everything that was put before them. Some great movies were produced that way, as well as some classic turkeys. This is not a classic of any kind? It's a well-crafted piece of downbeat entertainment. It will probably make you feel like you were lucky not to be a member of such a dysfunctional family, but you still wonder how they came to be that way. We know that the parents were happy, but we see very little of the mother and we hear so little about her that it is impossible to detect her relationship with the children. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems redundant). Well, like Tolstoy, we must conclude that "every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way".
