Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) get tired of competing for who is the biggest fighter and who loves more Daddy (Albert Finney), so they plot a scheme of madness to steal the jewels of mom and dad. store so they can clear their debts and start over. It sounds like a great plan, except that it is a 1970s-style melodrama of suspense about a robbery that went wrong, and boy, things are really going bad here for our unfortunate duo and everyone involved. Conceived by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and executed in a classic manner by director Sidney Lumet, "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" uses the holdup as McGuffin to delve into the family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At 83, he apparently made a deal with the devil to deliver one last great movie. Lumet was at its height in the 1970s with films like "Dog Day Afternoon", "Serpico", and one of my favorite movies of all time, "Network". Somehow, he has managed to make a film that carries all the hallmarks of his classics while interlacing some more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and games with time frames and POV) in a melodrama crackling, vibrant, lean, petty and provocative. . It can only be expected that some of the great modernists (such as Scorsese or Spielberg) that emerged during the same decade in which Lumet was at the top of his game, are left with so much chutzpah when they reach that age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master at leading people who walk through spaces to create tension and develop characters. As the cast moves through finely decorated offices and apartments in Manhattan, its slow-motion camera creates a palpable sense of anxiety, as we never know who could be around the corner or what this person could do in the next room. It is also surprising how Lumet uses the multiple POV approach and the time frame change. The coherent and classic presentation that he uses makes the films of Wunderkinds, Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu, of similar structure, look like an amateur hour. <br /> <br /> Of course, what Lumet knows best is to run incredible set molds and trick them into acting within an inch of their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been, and probably never will be, better than him here. The silent representation of Albert Finney of a betrayed father and at the end of his rope is a masterpiece to see developed. Ethan Hawke, who is usually a nice guy with no personality, is perfect like the emotionally disabled little brother who has skated too much time in his charms and looks. The knockout, however, is the series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, disquietingly like his flying trophy wife. Lumet analyzes them through the range of emotions that culminate in a scene that is the best of its kind since William Holden mocked Beatrice Straight and became the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress in "Network." <br /> <br /> The Devil of any great movie is in the details, from the touch of Albert Finney in the trunk of his car that will not close due to a hem, to the look of Amy Ryan (newly arrived from her incredible turn "Gone Baby Gone") gives her ex-husband Ethan Hawke in his mawkish promise to his little daughter whom the three know he will not keep, to the systematic unraveling of a family on skates, to dialogue asking cultists to Cite it (my favorite line is the hilariously threatening "Do you mind if I call you Chico?") to the excellent score of Carter Burwell. "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" is the movie of the year. If something comes up better, then we know that some other offers must have been negotiated with Old Scratch.
