French film directors continue to be amazed by their extraordinary ability to simulate the images and sounds of everyday suburban life. This was evident with the launch in early 2002 of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out), a brilliant study of characters about the decline of a white-collar worker to melancholy after being fired from his job. Like the trend of the French filmmakers, many scenes were filmed in real streets and in public places, giving a cinematic feel to the story, however, L'Emploi du temps also had an elegant look thanks to the excellent camera work and some awesome images of the location. (especially a Swiss mountain retreat). Following in the footsteps of that masterful film, comes another impressive French production, the robust nonsense of Jacques Audiard, Sur mes levres (Read My Lips). Actually, labeling this movie as a crime fallacy makes it a bad service because it is much more than that. As with the previous French release, it is an incisive study of character of marginal people who use their ingenuity to advance in a society that has turned its back on them. In a construction company in Paris, Carla, a shy and tiny young woman, sitting at her desk, is kidnapped in an area of ​​the office that is an important road to xerox machines and bathrooms. <br /> <br /> Unpleasant co-workers use the front of Carla's table to chat and leave their half-finished styrofoam coffee cups. Deaf couple, Carla turns on and off her headphones at will if the noise becomes annoying, be it the drone of paper copiers or the shrill cries of a friend's baby. When her boss calls her at the office to suggest that she hire a secretarial assistant to help with the workload, Carla fears she may lose her job. At the employment office, Carla lists the specifications she wants for her assistant (preferably a man) as if she were in a Personal Relations Agency. He should be 25 years old and clean, with extensive computer and archival skills. When the agency sends a careless and threatening young man, Carla is surprised and intrigued. They leave the office and have lunch at a local restaurant, where Carla interviews her possible assistant. When she discovers that he has just gotten out of jail, Carla initially does not want to have anything to do with Paul, but she has a change of heart and hires him. Although she is basically kind to her assistant, Carla is now in a position of authority and possesses a new sense of power. Pablo learns quickly and becomes a capable worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live and even covers it when his parole officer shows up at the office one day wondering why Paul did not attend his appointment. During one of her lunch breaks, Carla informs Paul of her hearing impairment and reveals her ability to read lips. Later, when a greedy co-worker openly assumes a project in which Carla has been working, Carla, furious, asks Paul for help in seeking revenge against the man. From now on, South Month Levres becomes an increasingly intense criminal drama that intensifies in some of the most graphically violent scenes that have been shown on the screen in recent years. The script takes elements of Hitchcock, especially REAR WINDOW, where Carla's lip reading talent comes into play with a pair of binoculars. There is a sexual attraction between the two protagonists, which ends in a rather strange tribute to NORTH BY NORTHWEST, but it works due to the considerable sexual heat that slowly accumulates between the two stars. That said, what one takes of this film is not so much the similarities with the classic thrillers of Hitchcock, although those elements are definitely there, but the generalized vision of a modern city (in this case, Paris) where life takes place. a range of mundane work days to a boring and shrill nightlife where sex, drugs and money laundering infiltrate the lives of various characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a thread of psychological suspense where people see themselves as the everyday man and woman on the street, where a punch in the face or groin sounds like a sick punch and where the office is a place to be feared. It's Hitchcock without the gloves.
