"The Blob" qualifies as a cult sci-fi movie not only because it launched 27-year-old Steve McQueen on a path to superstardom, but also because it exploded the popular themes of alien invasion and adolescent crime that were inseparable in the 1950s. Interestingly, no one in the script of Kay Linaker and Theodore Simonson refers to the amorphous, scarlet red protoplasm that fell to Earth in a meteor and threatened everyone in the small town of Downingtown, Pennsylvania, on a Friday night as "The Blob " Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, the old Western bounty hunter in "Wanted: Dead or Alive," after producer Dick Powell saw the release of Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, McQueen's attractive girlfriend, Aneta Corsaut, starred opposite Andy Griffith in "The Andy Griffith Show" as the girlfriend of Sheriff's teacher Taylor Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but the real teenagers seldom played real teenagers. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., made his directorial debut with "The Blob." The script by Linaker and Simonson synthesized four genres: first, the alien invasion; second, adolescent delinquency; third, a mystery of murder, and fourth; a horror chiller. Furthermore, while the gelatinous substance assumes various forms, it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the name Jell-O does not speak or communicate by telepathy. Instead, he kills without qualms and does not discriminate against anyone. The tone of "The Blob" is quite serious in spite of its somewhat casual character. <br /> <br /> As the filmmakers point out in the release on the "Blob" DVD Criterion, the film opens unusually for a science. A thriller and horror movie with our hero and heroine in one place rural and remote kissing us. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a great meteor fall to the ground and leave to find it. Meanwhile, an old man finds the meteor and pushes it with a stick. The cracks of the meteorite open and a bunch of sticky goop clings to the stick. When the old chronometer (Olin Howland from "The Paleface") looks at it more closely, the goop sticks to his hand. The old man runs running from the crater and Steve almost hits him with his jalopy. Steve and Jane pick him up and take him to see Dr. Hallen in the city. <br /> <br /> Hallen is about to leave town for a medical conference when Steve and Jane take the old man to his office. Hallen calls your nurse to come back, as she may need an amputation. Of course, Hallen has never seen anything like the substance in a man's forearm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes run into another group of teenagers who ridicule Steve's fast driving. Steve cheats on him in a reversing race, but the local police chief, Dave (Earl Rowe), leaves him free. Steve and the teenagers visit the site of the meteorite crater and find the warm remains of the meteorite. After visiting the old man's house and rescuing a dog, the teenagers parted to watch a spooky movie until late at night while Steve and Jane return to Dr. Hallen's office. Meanwhile, the stain completely absorbed the old man, killed Hallen's nurse and attacked the doctor. Neither the acid thrown into the protoplasm nor the Hallen shotgun have any effect on the bubble. Steve glimpses the stain absorbing Hallen. When Steve and Jane go to the police department to report the incident, Dave is frankly incredulous, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) thinks it's a joke. Bert has an ax to grind with teenagers because his wife died when one hit his car. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane take them to Hallen's office, but they can not find anyone's skin or hair, but Dave admits that the office has been smashed. Against Sergeant Bert's advice, Dave delivers the teenagers to their respective parents. As soon as Steve and Jane cheat their parents to believe they are comfortably asleep in bed, they venture out again. They drive towards the city and see the old man's dog that escaped in front of a supermarket. When they go to retrieve the mutt, Steve stands in front of the electric eye door of the grocery store and opens. They do not find anyone inside, but they find the stain. Steve and Jane take refuge in a freezer and the stain does not attack them. Later, after they escape, Steve convinces the teenagers who challenged him in a street race to alert the authorities because he is supposed to be home in bed. Police Chief Dave and the fire department arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the blob is in the store. At that moment, the blob kills the theater projectionist and attacks the spectators. Suddenly, a horde of people leave the theater and Dave believes Steve. Steve and Jane end up at a food counter that attacks the stain. The owner and our heroes hide in the basement and Steve discovers that a fire extinguisher with its frozen contents causes the stain to recede. <br /> <br /> Authorities collect each fire extinguisher in the city and manage to freeze the stain. . The Pentagon sends a team to transport the bubble to the North Pole. As the remains of the stain descend towards the polar ice bag, the final credit appears with a ghostly giant question mark. Producer James B. Harris obtained images from a military file of a balloon military master plane by depositing the parachute and its cargo. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" proved to be a punch and Steve McQueen took a leap to stardom. The movie added momentum. Unless you're a young man, this little horror movie is not scary at all, but Yeaworth and his writers create a sufficient amount of paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show the stain really assimilating their victims and leave this to your imagination, so "The stain" is not exempt from a minimum of subtlety.
