I had seen it for the first time several years ago on a Sicilian television channel that had already disappeared; Surprisingly, the film emerged as a Criterion DVD at a high price: I was not sure what I had done at the beginning (despite having achieved cult status over the years, the achievement itself is clearly seen modesty even by fans of the genre), I opted to not make the purchase? as I did with the FIEND SIN SIN CARA (1958) similar and, for me, unknown. Recently, however, I managed to acquire THE BLOB through a copy of the DVD in Spanish that, curiously, portrayed the two audio commentary tracks of the "Special Edition" criterion, but, unfortunately, I could not turn off the Spanish subtitles during Reproduction of the main feature! Anyway, looking at the movie again, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it (despite many narrative shortcomings, which I'll see later). as a pure example of the weakness of 'film B' (filmed atypically in a nice color) and a time capsule that illustrates the social attitudes of the late fifties. The male protagonist was one of the first roles of Steve (n) McQueen and, although the actor may have seen it later with disdain, his only contribution to the genre is quite attractive: it is not contrary to the youthful kicks, but remains essentially decent ( and more important, altruistic) child. The special effects that represent the viscous and expanding creature are not so bad of their type and period; The film itself rises to a good climax. beginning with the invasion of a cinema by the monster (showing HIUGHTER OF HORROR [1953/7] as I mentioned recently in the review of that film, but with a curious 'flipped' projection and what sequence, by the way, would be presented in the opening of an Italian satirical program actually called "Blob"!). As for the small inconveniences I have with the film: the monster is not shown traveling? it simply appears in a variety of places, it has never been seen by anyone! there is a disconcerting excess of emphasis (equivalent to filling) on ​​children's scratches with the Police; Is it silly for the city doctor to shoot at The Blob? as if the fluid, whatever its proportion, can be destroyed by bullets! equally absurd is that the adolescents alert the inhabitants of the danger when doing door-to-door visits (especially when one considers that, at that stage, only McQueen had seen the monster in action). A lower sequel arose in 1972 called CAUTION WITH THE BLOB! The original was then redone in 1988? I saw it recently, but it seems that it did not make a lasting impression on me (although I know Micheal Elliott loves it). For the record, I will continue this observation with two more collaborations between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely, 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS. (1960).
