THE BLOB is a great horror movie, not only because of the vividly horrible images of its almost unstoppable title character that dissolves the flesh, but because it presents a true social message. It is, in many ways, a "horror movie to feel good about". The clever story is greatly helped by the solid performances of the entire cast. The two romantic protagonists, Steve McQueen and Aneta Corsaut, bring surprising depth and sentimentality to the proceedings. They are misunderstandings but they are very well-intentioned young people, and it is very easy to encourage them. <br /> <br /> This is a pro-society movie, and its juvenile delinquent characters cause problems mainly out of boredom, not out. of some malignant character defect. Steve McQueen's drag racing rival almost seems to be an enemy early in the process, but quickly joins McQueen's campaign to save the city from the invader who oozes once he sees McQueen's seriousness. In this way, a character situation that at first seems to be caricatured suddenly develops depth and human realism. <br /> <br /> The authorities' initial skepticism about the savage claims of children is shown to be incorrect, and once the threat is Recognized by all, all conflict within society disappears. This unification of purpose, and the validation of the "problematic" adolescents, becomes official when the father of Aneta Corsaut enters the school to obtain the necessary extinguishers to freeze the Blob. On any other day, entering the school would be considered an act of vandalism typical of a juvenile delinquent; On this particular day, it is a necessary action performed by a figure of adult authority. At this point of inflection, it is clear that there are no dividing lines between the young and the old. <br /> <br /> This is an unusual film because it recognizes the perception of a "generational gap", but suggests that it is more imaginary than real, and if there is a real crisis, people will naturally come together to restore the order. "The Blob" is a perfect tonic for the kind of depression that usually comes with the visualization of "The Night of the Living Dead" (1968). <br /> <br /> Much has been said about cheap but innovative (and effective!) visual effects. They are undeniably intelligent. Many of the gravity-defying tricks we see the Blob perform were accomplished with miniature games designed to be rotated. In general, the camera was connected to the equipment in a very firm "closed" position (the lights had to be connected in a similar way so that the lighting remained stable when the room was turned in this way). These scenes were often photographed one frame at a time when the room was turning slowly: the silicone stain oozed very slowly and it was necessary to accelerate its action. In a way, this was similar to stopping photography in motion, but using a drop of silicone instead of an articulated puppet. Even today, the effects are surprising and strange. <br /> <br /> A very good movie with a title that sounds exploitative, THE BLOB is a must see.
