Films such as Chocolat, Beau Travail and others have impelled French director Claire Denis to the highest category of the most outstanding and outstanding filmmakers in the world, and her 2004 film The Intruder (L'Intrus) adds to the depth of her wallet. A film poem that conveys a feeling of enduring loneliness and loss, the film offers a glimpse into the psyche of a man who is deteriorating physically and mentally and who travels to different parts of the world in search of redemption and peace, but who is difficult find. . Based loosely on Jean-Luc Nancy's memories of a heart transplant, The Intruder is a film of such unforgiving opacity that even after two visits it is difficult to describe it in terms other than the subjective and impressionistic ones. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man in his seventies who is probably dying of a heart condition and who, like Ingmar Bergman's Professor of Wild Strawberries, tries to accept the mistakes of his life while he has time. It is clear that he is physically robust and very rich, but seems emotionally exhausted and the expression on his face is silent resignation. Although we only see an episode of violence, where he gets out of bed in the middle of the night to kill an intruder, there is a sinister feeling about him. It could be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent or a hit man. <br /> <br /> In any case, apparently he is under some kind of surveillance and acts like a man who has been involved in criminal crimes and it is only now I can see the consequences. The facial close-ups throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a cabin in the Jura mountains near the French-Swiss border and has a separated son Sidney (Gregoire Collin) whom he has neglected for a long time. Sidney lives nearby with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In a revealing scene, he meets his father on the street and calls him a lunatic, but that does not stop him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> When the movie starts, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss. Border Guard, who boards a van with a trained dog to sniff out a little contraband. When she gets home, she is greeted by her husband, who asks him angrily if he has "something to declare". Apart from these three individuals, the people and circumstances that we see during the rest of the film can exist only in Louis' imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we know them in the first half hour of the film: a pharmacist (Bambou) who prepares his medicine, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle) who is a dog breeder who refuses to take care of his dogs when he goes on a trip, telling him that they are as crazy as he is, and a young Russian organ trader (Katia Golubeva) whom he says he wants a "young man's heart". <br /> <br /> Without rest, she stalks him Throughout the movie, but apparently she's alone in his mind. In the last section of the film, Louis travels to South Korea in search of a heart transplant and to Tahiti to deliver a gift to a different son, whom he has not seen for many years or may have never seen. His heart transplant, however, seems to be a metaphor for a man without a heart, a man whose life has been fascinating but, ultimately, aimlessly, intrude into the lives of other people with little real empathy. The Intruder contains a disturbing guitar soundtrack by Stuart Staples, from the band Tindersticks, which recalls the guitar riff in Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man, and a magnificent photograph by Denis Agnes Godard. <br /> <br /> Godard creates memorable images that convey a mood of longing and regret: a heart beating alone in the snow, a baby in a sling looking at his father for a good two minutes, the expression of the baby she gradually turned from cranky to half smile, colorful streamers blowing from a newly baptized boat, a massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse, and the vast expanse of ocean seen from the deck of a ship. While The Intruder can be frustrating due to its elliptical nature, Denis forces us to respond from our own experience, to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is a topic, you could find a clue in the opening that tells us what is revealed little by little in the film: "your worst enemies hide, in the shade, in your heart".
