My opinion about this, at our local festival where people saw me so often that they thought it was a better source than it really could have been, started with a nod: "Well, I can not summarize the plot, but it's really an excellent study of the character of an extremely terrifying man. " Then, a little embarrassed, I met someone who really knew what had happened, that is, from whom Trebor unwittingly receives his new heart. It had been my last film on a long, long day in the middle of the festival. Maybe I would have fallen asleep. The better a film is, the more likely it is to generate dreams that send me to dream really. I do not know. I knew there was a turn of O'Henry painfully beyond my comprehension when things were over. And I knew it had to do with the heart, hence the search for talent silently hilarious. My observation of the plot of the loss had more to do with the complexities of Trebor's connections in France, his relationship with the dog and so on, things for which he had been fully awake. Denis hardly looks at the details that could have anchored the treatment of another director. <br /> <br /> But I write these things too often by heart, especially in festival films, movies whose DVD I do not have on hand (Le Lait de la tendresse humaine is one of many examples.), and the problems of the plot fade much more quickly than broader impressions. Still, or already, L'Inrus in my memory is beyond everything else, a study of the character of a kind of superman of the dark side, a super demon not incorporated into the genre or historical traps, but active and plausible , relatively soft, motivated but patient, right between us. The scar, once it reaches it, converts it, visually, I refer, in image, to a kind of hybrid Frankenstein monster, crazy doctor and creation all in one. Current doctors are your tools. If he does not extract and install the heart, it is only because it is not possible. He is the force, always, the parasite that consumes everyone he touches and, finally, himself. What else is he? To suggest that we are ourselves, the First World against the Third, seems too simple, since it does not feed less on its companions in the First Worlds, on all of us. <br /> <br /> The eye of Denis' camera, when he looks at the things I know, usually goes where mine would, so I tend to trust him when he looks at things I do not know. Hikes in the snow, cycling too fast and darkness in the forest I know in small ways, but the seas of the south at all, so I made a better entry into L'Intrus, both in France and in the crystalline islands of its end, than in Beau. Labor pains. L'Intrus is, for me, a very comfortable uncomfortable movie. It is a sequence of familiar places, with an intimacy that lets us know if we have seen reality or not. A single image, Trebor cycling, his enormous weight in the slender racing frame, the sounds of the violated air and the screams of the tires, the asphalt ribbon, the evergreens of a dark sun, told me that the movie would be linear, a road trip, a single impulse driven by the will. <br /> <br /> Despite Trebor's personal power, it is a human failure. No matter who he is with, he is alone, although apparently he has not always been. Your body aborts life twice, first you need the new heart, then in spite of it. L'Intrus is a tragedy. Trebor is arrogant. <br /> <br /> I am dangerously navigating the thread of what I remember. We're going to leave things like that.
