It is a soft comedy of the fifties. Kim Novak belongs to a group of witches in Manhattan. She bewitches her neighbor Jimmy Stewart out of boredom, but eventually falls in love with him, losing her powers. Look, witches are allowed to have "warm blood" but not love. Elsa Lanchester is Novak's aunt, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is his brother, ditto. Hermione Gingold is the main witch, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, an author who specializes in writing about witches. <br /> <br /> I described it as a comedy from the 50s because it could hardly be confused with anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from the decoration of the stage, through the wardrobe and the plot, to the performances and direction. Take the character of Ernie Kovacks. He is known as "a drunkard and a nut". And here is how the film demonstrates these traits. He orders a second drink and, although he always wears a jacket and a tie like the other gentlemen, his hair is a little long and messy. That is a strictly 1950 version of a drunk and a nut. Nothing is out of place; Everything is ordered and free of dust. The soles of Jimmy Stewart's shoes are hardly worn. <br /> <br /> And the Zodiac Club, where the witches come together. It is called "a low dive". However, it is a clean and dark place with polite waiters, a quintet of musicians, a well-dressed clientele and potted plants against the brick walls. That is not my idea or yours of a "low immersion", not even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​a dive in Greenwich Village is the tavern of White Horse or the White Row or The Swing Rendezvous, by Julius . lesbian meeting place. The Zodiac Club is a high dive compared to these. <br /> <br /> The curiosity that we always hear is silenced by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is weird because she runs around her apartment barefoot. And she wears a lot of black clothes like the Beatniks of the time. <br /> <br /> But it does not matter all that. It's a nice romantic comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive art shop for the prostrate. She has a strange beauty, voluminous and ethereal at the same time. She slips instead of walking, a tenuous presence. His eyebrows appear drawn with a set of French plastic curves. And Jimmy Stewart is pretty good as the bewildered and haunted victim. In the 1930s I used to play on lightweight papers. In the postwar years and during much of the 1950s he was the tortured protagonist, but here he puts into practice his early experience in comedy. Who could resist laughing when Hermione Gingold forces him to wear a shawl and drink a horrible mixture of putrid liquid to cure him of Novak's spell? It is good to see him as a puppet instead of the angry and indignant principled man in whom he was in danger of becoming. Richard Quine directs the film in silence, without fireworks or special effects, and does some interesting things that the work could not have had. Observe the scene in which Novak casts the spell on Stewart, when the face and ears of the Siamese cat seem to merge with the amazing eyes of Novak. <br /> <br /> Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was a well-known television personality. There was never anything like the Ernie Kovacks Show before or after. Bring the word "surrealism" to the mind. I could perform five minutes of unspeakable and indescribable tricks in a depopulated room with only Bartok's Orchestra Concerto as background. And he made an impeccable sketch with the character of Percy Dovetail, an effete poet. The credits jump on the Condoli brothers, but that's quite casual because these two guys, Pete and Conte, were virtuoso trumpet players with independent careers in jazz ensembles. Conte was later a member of the Doc Severison band on Johnny Carson's Late Show. <br /> <br /> The third act slows down a bit and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy". But it's never boring. The whole film develops as well as the work of Van Druten and children are likely to enjoy it too.
