I can see B, B and C and feel all the emotions I felt when I first saw him at the age of 18, maybe all but one. Certainly, Ms. K. Novak has lost nothing of her silky charm in almost half a century. Diana Dors of youth. All those young thinkers who are now collecting their pensions can briefly recover the heat that squeezes, squeezes, tightens the necklace and palpitates the blood they felt when they looked directly into their eyes on the days when they were told that they never had It was so good Now, snuggled up against the cold and afraid of being robbed by a hooded sweatshirt, they run home as fast as their arthritic knees can take them from the Video Shop, relatively happy to know that within the comparative security of triple locking his fourth - block of the flat floor tower that can retrieve only a small fragment of his lost youth and perhaps reflect that love is truly eternal. This movie is the golden moment of Miss Novak. He took advantage of it with avidity and offered an impressive voluptuousness combined with a hypnotic awareness of his own sexual attractiveness and, despite all this, convinces us that his character possesses a strange and seductive innocence. She completely dominates the friendly Mr. J. Stewart, who seems resigned to giving him the movie. Miss E. Lanchester and H.Goldold offer comic relief along with Mr. E. Kovacs, whose peculiar talents are strictly outlawed. Mr. J. Lemmon plays the brother of Miss Novak. He is a beatnik, a species that disappeared as soon as he realized that his existence was being recognized by the mainstream. Some of the harder rhythms were reinvented as hippies a few years later. Surely they had become funny characters in 1958 and Mr. Lemmon does not seem too concerned about moderation when portraying one. But everything else is simple, Miss Novak, bathed in a particularly beautiful spectrum of Technicolor, is the only reason for being "Bell, Book and Candle". Live, his reputation has been improved, as the definitive showcase for one of the most beautiful women in Hollywood. Loved by moviegoers, ignored by critics, Miss Novak will continue to captivate with that enigmatic smile all the time thinking that elders have the strength to press the "Play" buttons on their DVDs. One day, probably after we've all left, she will. to be discovered by a new generation that, over time, will realize that it is quite possible for a woman to be fully clothed and sexually attractive at the same time.
