['&quot;Bell, Book and Candle&quot; by John Van Druten is a charming and unexpected fantasy about a group of modern witches living in New York City; Obviously it was an attractive movie. He had a starring role for Gillian Holroyd, for his former book editor, Shepherd Henderson and his family and circle of madmen, including the bewildered girlfriend of Shep, the odious Merle Kittredge, against whose possibility with Shep Gillian begins his magical spell. He even had Pyewacket, a Siamese cat familiar with well-tuned miaows, Sidney Redlitch, an expert in false witches with atrocious pretensions and bad manners. In short, to its producer it seemed, perhaps, the magic of the box office. And so it turned out to be. So many things were right about his production, he only had one element that was not perfect; But the rest I found funny, charming and very entertaining. To begin with, Daniel Taradash&#39;s script retained the best qualities of the fine play, but he opened his scenes to include Greenwich Village and other areas of the New York scene. The technical production was beautiful, with a photograph of the legendary James Wong Howe, an excellent score by George Duning, more than ingenious sets by Louis Diage and dresses by Jean Louis. In the attractive cast were Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as the mischievous brother of Gillia, the wonderful comedians Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as witches and the charming Kim Novak in one of their parts most moving. Gillian Jimmy Stewart was the imperfect element in my judgment; He did well with the comic parts on his part, but he was never convincing as a New York book editor, and a little too old for Henderson&#39;s part anyway. But director Richard Quine used subtle lighting, changes of rhythm and unusually composed shots to indicate the rarity of the film&#39;s witches&#39; parts, keeping the other parts very bright but direct in their presentation. The main crisis of the plot in the film comes to pass when in reality Gillian falls in love with Henderson, who does not believe in witches at all. She started simply to get him away from his girlfriend, his college rival. Later, when Henderson tries to leave, he keeps coming back with her, and realizes that he is spellbound, as she, in an apologetic tone, has tried to explain to him. .. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich has been summoned by witch spell to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course, he does not know anything about magic, but he is rather embarrassed and interested in discovering why he had come anywhere; but Gillian&#39;s brother lights it up. Everything comes out right at the end of this romantic satire while Gillian shows her love for Henderson by losing her powers, which is what happens to witches when they really love a mortal. Of course, he never really wanted to resist her anyway. The film has a cheerful dialogue, a charm and a bit of &quot;magic&quot; of its own in the charming charm of the witches and the torments that Gillian must face in her battle with herself and to win the man she loves. A lovely ending to this beautifully photographed and unusual romance makes her incredible realism, albeit a fantasy, almost complete in my opinion. Memorably delicious.']
