The work Bell, Book, and Candle was one of the favorite actresses of mature actresses in the summer and on the road. A famous story, told by director Harold J. Kennedy, has Ginger Rogers insisting that her then husband, William Marshall, who was not an actor, was the co-star with her. Marshall used a toupee, and when he walked through a door, his toupee on a nail and stayed behind, hanging on the door while walking on stage. <br /> <br /> The play was successfully adapted into a beautiful color film starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It is a light entertainment, on a family of witches of normal appearance (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and the editor (Stewart) who lives in his building. The most expert of them is the sensual Gillian, with a soft voice, who would love to be normal. One night, with Stewart in his apartment, she spellbound him using his Siamese cat, Pyewacket, and he falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell Book and Candle" was filmed in a charming ensemble that replicates New York. The movie is very funny. Jack Lemmon is very funny in a supporting role as Gillian's brother, a musician in the Sorcerers' Zodiac Club and loaded with sorcerers. He uses his powers to turn the streetlights on and off and to light the occasional women. Janice Rule is perfect as the former rival of Gillian University, who now dates Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great twist as an eccentric who is writing the definitive book on witches. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, are always wonderful, the dumb aunt of Lanchester Gillian and Gingold as a kind of queen of witchcraft. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak is a good choice for Gillian, giving the character a detachment worthy of a witch, showing emotion when it becomes appropriate, and with that voice, fabulous face and gorgeous costumes, it's certainly magical. Stewart, in his last foray as romantic protagonist, accompanies Novak as he did in Vertigo, and form an effective team. He supplies the heat, she provides the freshness and, somehow, together they sparkle. In this, of course, it is much more elegant than in "Vertigo". A lovely movie, good for a Sunday afternoon, good for Christmas (as part of it is celebrated at Christmas) and great if you feel like smiling.
