From time to time, you come across a movie that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of human emotions that leave you exhausted. Vivah is just that ?? Maybe more. After seeing DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I really thought that Bollywood has reached its highest point and will never think of something like that, NEVER. Boy was wrong! I went to the store to buy groceries and decided to pick up this movie along with the new "DON" (only to be able to compare The Great AB with ShahRukh, although the decision is already in my mind). After debating if I should lose almost 3 hours in a meaningless film, I decided to see it realizing that I had nothing else to do. When I saw the rating of U instead of an A, I was glad that at least it's something I do not have to see women with little clothes and bad acting skills that do nothing but dance in every opportunity they have and get along with each boy who demonstrates that he has more skills in bed than a Hollywood actress B. During the first 5 minutes, more or less, I thought I would be subjected to a meaningless story with bad acting. After all, everyone who has seen Shahid Kapor knows that he never won his fame as an accomplished actor. Boy ?? I was wrong about this movie. This movie caught my attention after the first 5 minutes and I would never let it go. It was a great movie with a good story about the traditions of the disappearance of our society. I liked not only that the director was brave enough to make a film in which younger generations did not relate to the concept (of arranged marriage), but also did it with a conviction (which is the right thing). I have no idea why some people think that acting was not good. I felt that the performance was excellent and although music is not considered the best of all, it is still very good. The good thing is that this music will grow in people over time as it did with me after having seen that movie for the second time. The other good thing is that the songs are not inserted into the script as we have all seen in so many movies. These songs really tell a lot of the story and are definitely a welcome addition. Just like Ajay Devgan went from being a joke to a great actor (after the Company), and Salman found his rhythm after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; This film will help Shahid Kappor to become one of the best Bollywood actors and artists. This is the first movie of his which I like him and his role. He acted well and adapted to be a rich and handsome young man. Yes, you will not find him playing basketball and scoring all the points on a dunk as you saw ShahRukh in DDLJ (although he is shown to be an Indian in England, both countries are not big in Basketball, by the way) as credible as a person who stays true to his values. Amrita Rao, for the first time presented herself as someone to be remembered. In all her other films, she was competing with big faces that actually hindered her. Nobody knew how good an actress really is until they see this movie. Some of the scenes in which he has to cry especially towards the end really show his knowledge and depth of acting. Although it has been in other films, it is the most memorable one in this one. I think this movie will do and should do wonders for her. Move on Rani ?? finally there is another girl who, if given a good chance to work with good directors, can grab the torch. She is beautiful with a great voice and has a face that exudes complete innocence. Oh, having almost 0% body fat does not hurt either (yes, the people I will challenge will find even 0.1% fat in it and, unlike many others like Sonali, it can actually act as well). I thought I would never fall in love with anyone's beauty after Madhuri and Kajol, but she changed completely. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together and their relationship adapted to their characters, and both did an excellent job (although I expected Shahid to become a girl like Salman did every time he said "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I finished watching this movie, it left me so emotionally exhausted that I decided to watch this movie again (immediately). Yeah right away I've never done that. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie only had something that had to be understood over and over again. I will probably see this movie for the third time this weekend just to be able to see and relive the traditions that we all grew up with. I miss those moments when families sat and had fun. When the parents had time for their children and the children respected what their parents believed. I know many people think that the film does not portray real life, but deep down we do not all want it to happen. Families, tradition, love and respect. This is what this film will remind us all. I can assure you that it is an extremely well made movie that you will enjoy. I'm sure some young people are not going to like this movie, but if you're over 28, I doubt you're one of them.
