An absolutely brilliant movie! Jiri Trnka, the master of puppet animation, faces totalitarianism in this, his final film. It would be banned by the communist government of Czechoslovakia (at that time), despite obtaining the highest animation prize in the country. <br /> <br /> In this dark and entertaining short film, an artist tries to create a new pot for his favorite. plant. Happily she makes her creations while dreaming that her plant will grow to be a beautiful rose. Suddenly, he knocks on the door, and comes this gigantic omnipotent hand, which tries to force the artist to make statues in his likeness. The artist resists as best he can, but eventually is overwhelmed by the constant attempts, by the hand, to force him to conform. He washes his brain; An intellectual zombie. At this point, the hand joins strings to the artist, puts it in a cage and uses it to make statues of the hand. All the time he glorifies the artist's work and awards him medals and honors. <br /> <br /> The inner lust of the artist to be able to express himself freely is what helps him to prevail over his indoctrination and allows him to escape from his prison, either literally or mentally, and return to his home where he must now live with constant fear of the wrath of the omnipotent hand. He locks himself in, thinking that he is out of reach of the almighty hand, but in the process he places his plant and pot high, hoping it is out of reach, and ends up falling on his head. killing him The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All due to the constant fear with which he had to live once he escaped from the ropes of his hand. Once dead, the hand paints the artist as a great person, a national hero. Unfortunately not in the circumstances or for the reasons why the artist wanted to be remembered. <br /> <br /> Trnka's condemnation of the Totalitarian society, and her lack of right to free expression is obscure, condemnatory and surprisingly animated. No wonder the government has banned it, since this is the kind of media that people admire and maybe even listen to. That obviously was not acceptable. An incredible example of an artist's civil disobedience and the impact it can have. And even today it is quite relevant for many parts of the world, from the United States to the Middle East. A must see and definite 10 out of 10! Talk about going out with a bang!
