At first I did not like the movie because it was a Nazi swastika drama. But after buying it and seeing it, it was not so bad. I heard so many complaints about the numbers being short and Ilse Werner does not sing. Now I understand. The radio program was a super propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara plus Rudy Shruki and a band like Kurt Widman and his orchestra and the exudador of Fud Cantics never appeared in the radio program because the singers and the bands belonged to the pop jazz and swing categories. The Foot Club had that regulated to cover the areas occupied for the soldiers to the short-wave radios for the nightclubs, also in Berlin and Hamburg, and only for record sales. This is why Ilse was not allowed to sing in this photo. This would be composed of a medium-budget musical, Were made music, 1942, in which he would demonstrate his whistles. But this is an excellent example of propaganda. Inge and her aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, go to the Olympic Games of 1936. The aunt forgets her tickets, so Inge has to wait until her aunt returns with the tickets. Meet Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes with him and it's love at first sight. They plan to get married, but the Spanish war gets in the way, so they have to go on a mission against the right side. Carl Raddatz, as many people complained about him, was really handsome and not very clear. When he made Opfergang and put a mustache over his own tan that made him see clearly. You see the Nazi soldiers acting normally, like a scene in which a former butcher and his troops are in France and stealing pigs from a farm and are about to make lunch until their leader suggests saving the pigs. This reflects the extremism of Adolfo's animal rights. The character was a butcher now a soldier. This was a subtle rebuke against the consumption of meat. In the last world war, Herbert is flying in a German plane. We shot one of the pilots and Herbert takes over. We shot his plane. They crash Unfortunately for us, they survive. Others saw the Nazi soldiers get into a bomb in a Catholic church, now is knocking down the Catholics, and Hubert's best friend, Helmet, played by Joachim Brennecke, starts playing the organ, Beethtoven ,. More bombs come to us. . The church is the most bomb, the soldier continues to stay and plays the organ that is told to leave. We ended up hurting him. Propaganda message? The organ of the Catholic Church causes him to become addicted to him. He hurt him. Watch? At this moment, Inge is with her mother or her grandmother, she played Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German actress who played Maria Holst's aunt in Weiner Blut. Well, later it is a brief description of the radio program. This was not meant to be a music magazine, like that of Kora Terry released that year and Rosen in Tirol. Music, as well as its side of the war, was supposed to be just the back. It was mainly a romantic war movie. It is easy to shoot the soldiers of the film, but in real life many of those soldiers were forced to fight against the Nazi cause, the cause of work and the monthly salary they would receive. . After the war many of those who survived would regret it. This is a good classic of the swastika. The only problem is that today you have Neo Nazi and Nazi skin heads, who watched the same movies to reflect their worship of Hitler and his. They have disturbing websites that exploit these movie classics to raise money for their madness. Be careful most of the time, it is the direct hatred of the classics. If your scenario seems to be glorifying it, then it is a Nazi website that ignores it. Go to IHF or German war movies dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video net point. They are legitimate. 01/23/10 Mada, a mistake, it was not Herbert's friend who was killed in the church. He was the friend of Malte Yager's character, Schartzscop.
