Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, both are the protagonists of their respective bands; Anton with the massacre of Brian Jonestown and Courtney with The Dandy Warhols. The interesting thing about their friendship is that they are rivals; It is a relationship of love and hate. At times, both hear them praising each other, but in the next second they complain about how stupid and self-absorbed they are. While the Dandy Warhols achieved commercial success in scope, BJM was still stuck in the underground scene; and for a good reason why. <br /> <br /> Dig's focus! It's more towards Anton and BJM, since they have a lot more substance. They are the most dysfunctional band. During the concerts they will fight and beat each other. Anton will hit other members if he feels they are not working properly. With the amount of drugs and alcohol they consume, the fight was always waiting for it to happen. You know how people go to car races just to see if a major car accident happens; That's why people would go to their concerts, for fights. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always thinking of himself as a messiah of music, he wants to change the music and create a revolution, but he could never get out of hiding. He is a very talented musician, it is amazing how many instruments he can play and with such skill. But his recoil is that he can not escape the world he created; A prolific musician trapped in a black hole of drugs, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, the Dandy Warhols were having their own problems. They did not have much success with their first album and they fought constantly with their record label. But they found great success in Europe. But Courtney is still absorbed by Anton's world. It's interesting that both Anton and Courtney had what the other needed. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented like Anton, although Anton would not say so, he needed the commercial success the Dandy had to make their revolution. <br /> <br /> Throughout the seven years the film crew lasted. These two bands, there is a lot of footage. There is never a dull moment in Dig! He is moving constantly since he does not have time to slow down, since he has a lot to say, seven years of storytelling in the 1h 45mins is a difficult job. Ondi Timoner has done a great job of putting together one of the best musical documentaries that makes you want more. Even if you do not like bands, it still deserves to be seen; transcends music to reveal a great story of a successful failure. <br /> <br /> You will not be disappointed.
