Excellent documentary, apparently about the friendship and subsequent rivalry between two retro rock bands of the West Coast: The Dandy Warhols and the massacre of Brian Jonestown. What actually turns out to be a portrait of a psychopath on the border, Anton Newcomb, and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, for a musical documentary, there is almost no music. What there is (fragments of songs, often not aborted by artists) is incidental rather than central. Although the protagonists are musicians, the story is not about music, but a particularly American version of a British myth of a cartoon lifestyle, that is, in which no one has to take responsibility for behaving like spoiled teenagers on time. full. Tantrums, drugs, violence, manifestly dysfunctional attitudes, egomania on a truly epic scale: all this is justified or positively encouraged because it fits some collective idea about what rock'n'roll is. As a movie, this is a first class documentary, but it raises more questions than answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone so wild and outrageous (and he IS wild and outrageous), his music never seems to have progressed beyond the most obvious derivations of his idols of the 60s (The Stones, Velvets, etc.) For someone who claims to be capable of To play 80 instruments, he has never bothered to learn to play any of them beyond the most rudimentary level. Similarly, the ardent ambition of Dandy Warhols is based on a vision of rock'n'roll amazingly fossilized in 1969. There is nothing wrong with Pastiches, of course, but surely there is more to musical life than perpetually acting a caricature of late 60's. Why do not they risk their music, as their role models did? Because, you suspect, it's not about music. Music is just an accessory, an accessory or an excuse to lead completely dysfunctional and irresponsible lives. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: make a lot of money and be famous. What a thing. The case of Anton Newcomb is more interesting. Obviously, he has a lot of talent, but every time he is given the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages it, usually in the most dramatic way possible. He is terrified of success and, at the same time, he is deeply resented with everyone who has it, especially his old friends Dandy Warhols. Fascinating movie. Highly recommended
