A documentary about two rock bands, covering several years. The massacre of Brian Jonestown and the Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is the examination of complex contrasting personalities and the ironies of success and failure. <br /> <br /> Anton Newcombe, the main man of the Brian Jonestown massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius not only by his colleagues, his friends and rivals, the Dandy Warhols, but also the record producers and most of the people who have worked with him. Unfortunately, he and the members of his band are also unable to integrate with the real world. Newcombe chooses fights with members of the band on stage or with members of the audience (arrested at one point for literally kicking the head of a fan). Newcombe has no limits? He plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all the music of BJM, can produce enough songs to fill an entire album in a single day, has an obsession as a prophet with his own musical genius, but is also a drug user. he becomes angry in anger at the slightest commitment to his own artistic integrity, commands the members of his band as if they were lower forms of life, and can exploit the deals as quickly as he makes them. BJM goes through a large number of record labels in rapid succession? they sign them up as soon as they realize Newcombe's talents and let them go as soon as they realize that it is totally uncontrollable. <br /> <br /> The Warhols recognize their debt to Newcombe's creativity and do not even put themselves in the same exalted sphere of greatness? But the Warhols have something that BJM does not have? The ability to integrate your talents with common sense, the real world and your market? as a mix of talent (even if much of it is drawn from the Newcombe guru) and accessibility, they are the very definition of 'cool'. Dig! Follow the parallel races of the two bands with increasing intensity. At one point, Newcombe performs tricks designed to generate publicity by sending apparent death threats and hate messages to the Warhols (in a box containing real ammunition and insults such as a bar of soap to cleanse their act). he just forgets to tell them it's a trick and they get so paranoid that they take a restraining order against Newcombe. By the time the Dandy Warhols take off in Europe with hits like "Every Day Should Be A Holiday" and "Bohemian Like You," Newcombe is becoming increasingly isolated. BJM are arrested and the gang breaks when they are arrested for possession of marijuana? Warhols are arrested for drugs at about the same time, they issue a warning and are even allowed to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> The broader appeal of DiG! Is that the lessons of genius versus accessibility go beyond two bands or even rock music. The drawback is that it is still a documentary, even if it is intimate, and mostly it will only attract dedicated movie fans or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the leading bands. Newcombe may very well be a largely unrecognized genius, and there are some fine hints of this in the film, but for the unattended ear there is little more than the claims of the people interviewed to attest to this. In the words of one of the members of the band: "In every spiritual tradition, you burn in hell for pretending to be God and not being able to support it." Newcombe is not pretending? but, numerically, there may still be people insufficient to appreciate it in their own lives, and DiG! He has an arduous struggle to rectify the balance in favor of a tortured but largely unrecognized genius.
