I saw this movie together with my entire family of Nine. As my younger brother has recently been married, we could connect with events. The film stands out for the classic touch given to the romance of the engaged couple. Fortunately, this time they have used all the places in India, such as Ranikhet Almora, etc., which have already been visited by most of the inhabitants of the city, which increases the connection with the film. The dialogues are much better than those of "Umrao Jaan Ada", a film supposedly based on dialogues. The background music is increasing the "soft focus" of the movie. Somehow they remind me of the "Kareeb" of VV Chopra, in which neha and to a certain extent Bobby did full justice to the character. The same here, in the sense that the leading pair does not disappoint in any aspect or performance of the department. The cast is too good. I rate the actress who plays the role of Bhabhi in the front league. The situations of family interaction represented are real and you smile when you are in the place of one of the characters. The songs were too suitable for the scenes and went well with the movie. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain for his work, from movies to Ramayana, I missed Ram Laxman a lot. <br /> <br /> It had no double meaning (Sivan category), no bikinis, no intrigue, no nonsense. . You could watch the movie comfortably with your parents, except if you have already done so or soon you will participate. I want to express here a sincere thing that although Suraj proposes that marriages are between families and not just individuals, their approach is totally individualistic. The movie is only about Prem and Poonam, the rest of the characters are incidental. Art imitating life? The "peripheral characters" are consigned to the background and the only protagonists are the main pair. <br /> <br /> Going back, everything was almost great. Except, for the drama part. The tragedy situation was created artificially. The result, the sacrifice and the consequent change of heart are not at all convincing. That is why it lacks the emotional blow, the very purpose of this turn of events. But, a twist in the story was necessary to transcend the film of a beautiful pre-marriage video to a "feature film". But I kept waiting for the blow and it never arrived. The preaching of Mohnish Bahal and later of Alok Nath on the dowry was out of place and made things too clear. This may help the film to a tax-free state. But the plot could have become more interesting and non-linear than it was. <br /> <br /> There was too much question in my mind when the movie ended: 1 Did the movie really end? 2 Is the movie over?
