<br /> <br /> I'm sure things did not go exactly the same way in Homer Hickam's real life as they did in the film adaptation of his book, Rocket Boys, but in the movie "October Sky" ( an anagram of the title of the book is good enough to be alone.I have not read Hickam's memoirs, but I can still enjoy and understand his film adaptation.The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, records the story of the Teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), which began in October 1957. It opens with the sound of a radio transmission, which brings news of the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit.We see images of a blue-gray town and its People: mostly miners who work for the Olga coal company One of the miners listens to the news on a portable radio when entering the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost as He disappears into the darkness, losing sight of the starry sky above him. A melancholic violin melody fades with this image. Then we received a jolt from Elvis on the radio of a car when the words on the screen inform us about the scenario: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), talk about the football events. Soccer scholarships are the only way to get out of the city and work in the mines for these children. "Why are athletes the only ones who can go to college?" Asks Homer. Roy Lee replies: "They are also the only ones who get the girls". Homer does not come to football like his older brother, so he is destined for mines, and to follow in his father's footsteps as a foreman. Until you see the point of light crossing the October sky. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go to space," says Homer. After a disastrous attempt involving a primitive rocket and the fence of his mother (Natalie Canerday), Homer requests the help of nerd Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer: "What do you want to know about the rockets?" Homer responds quickly, "Everything". Her science teacher at Big Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) is very supportive of Homer, and the four children work on building rockets in Homer's basement. His father, however, whose life is mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste his time on rockets, that coal mines are all that matter. The coal from the mines is used to make steel, and without steel, the country would be nothing. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most moving relationships I've seen in a movie. Miss Riley presents Homer with the idea of ​​entering the local science fair, with the possibility of going to the nationals and winning a university scholarship. "You can not dream of leaving Coalwood," he tells Homer. Homer and his friends act on their dreams by constantly working on the rockets, improving the models with every attempt. Despite many attempts, the boys do not lose their determination. "What are the chances of us winning that science fair?" Asks O'Dell to Homer in one of his most desperate moments. "From a million to one," replies Homer. "So good?" O'Dell responds: "Well, why did not you say it?" The music, composed by Mark Isham, conveys sadness and hope at the same time, especially sad at a time when Homer descends to the pit of the mine and loses sight of the sky and his dreams of leaving Coalwood. The rock and roll of the 1950s, including songs by The Coasters and Buddy Holly, occasionally sidesteps the instrumental pieces to create a lively atmosphere that contrasts the lives of teenagers with the lives of the miners. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to create moods and symbolize. The city of Coalwood, actually filmed in Tennessee, is washed with blues, grays and browns. It is as if the dirt of the coal adhered to everything: faces, clothes, houses and roads. When a couple in a gleaming red convertible stops to ask the children for directions, it is obvious that they are from the world outside of Coalwood and the Olga Coal Company. The book on guided missile design that Miss Riley gives Homer is red. Red stands out enough against the gray-blue world of Coalwood to symbolize "going out," but it's still subtle. The red ones are fleeting indications of a world with which Homer only dreams. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses as much zeal, hope and pertinence as Homer Hickam that it is difficult to believe that it is not the real Homer that we see in the real images at the end of the film. Chris Cooper is also extraordinarily credible as Homer's stubborn father, who does not recognize, or simply does not want to admit, that the mine is not producing enough to keep the city alive. Homer, and all those who encourage him in his construction of rockets, are aware that the city is dying. With the disintegration of the community, the only way they stay together is by joining together for the demonstrations of the rockets. Once again, I am sure that things did not happen exactly as the movie portrayed them, but what would a movie be without a bit of idealism? "October Sky" has enough of that to make it a great movie and enough rawness to keep it real.
