October Sky is a highly praised movie, and it's easy to see why. The story is easy to understand and many turning points are exciting, the actors and actresses do quite good jobs, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants and is a true story. Frankly, I think the director's achievement is not comparable to the sparks and heat generated by the original story. We do not see any special narrative or cinematography; The power of the film is based largely on the fascinating plot and the difficult situation in which the young hero is, since most of the audience will meet the characters. We feel Homer's desire to earn recognition from his father and create his own future, and his resilience earns our respect. "The October Sky" reminds me of a Japanese production after the 2001 mini-series, "Pocket Boy," which could owe some inspiration to this film. Actually, these two works taken from two different cultures provide an interesting comparison. When October Sky presents the story of a young man clamoring loudly to claim his right to his own destiny, "Rocket Boy" offers a more committed description that could sometimes constitute a pungent critique of modern society. Starring the outstanding actor Yuji Oda, "Rocket Boy" focuses on three men as common as they can be: a travel agent who dreams of becoming an astronaut, a boastful publicity agent who is about to be destroyed by his complex of inferiority resulted from the extreme success of her father and older brother (like what Homer feels in her family) and an employee of the food company who is about to get married but who is afraid of this idea. The assembled social consciousness superimposes its definition of success on its constituents and goes a step further to force them to stifle their dreams by stating that they are unpredictable. To compensate for his lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works at the tour operator because: s is called ¡§Galaxy.¡¨ When his client fails him and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds the strength of the words of his father, who had He decided to be a sailor, but later found life at sea less attractive as he had bragged. But I do not regret it, "his father told Kobayashi," at least I tried. " It is his father's confession that encourages him to quit his job and apply for astronauts even though he injures his legs and needs to move around in a wheelchair. Kobayashi's effort finally fails, and he returns to the travel agency. But his "courage" encourages his friends, and everyone wants him more. Just before the end of the series, Kobayashi is at work as a guide to a space camp meant to allow children to learn more about astronauts. After the tour ends, we see him leaning against a tree, displaying a poster sheet that starts from the bulletin board that reads: "Astronauts are being searched for 2004." Kobayashi looks at the piece of paper and laughs and laughs, just like a child looking at his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi may never get what he wants, but he dares his destiny and "just does it". This series is so touching not because the hero exhibits any heroic deed, but his ordinary and unstoppable desire to realize his dream that makes us wonder and envy. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show enlightens us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi have the dream and do what they can despite the opinions of other people. I recommend other IMDB users to watch the Japanese TV series. If you are nine to five years old, you will feel more moved. I'm sorry IMDB does not have your data, maybe I can ask someone from Japan for help.
