Based on facts, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), who grew up in a coal town in West Virginia where the usual fate of a child was "to end up in the mines". But Homer had his eyes in the sky and the love for flying rockets, to the consternation of his father foreman of the mines, and the consternation of the townspeople in general. Surely not suitable, he and three of his equally marginalized friends begin to make rockets, which fly from a parcel of barren land eight miles from the city, so as not to terrorize the community with their rocket rockets often. Unfortunately, most of the city and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) think they are wasting their time. However, people are intrigued and soon begin to come out in droves to see how the 'Rocketboys' send their homemade missiles. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they could become contenders at the national science fair with college scholarships as a reward. Now the gang must learn to perfect their craft and overcome the many problems they face when shooting the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a household name for his films such as Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3 and "October Sky" surely stands out above all his other films. Without a doubt, "October Sky" is your best effort and, obviously, your best movie. It's not just a real story filmed extremely well, but even as a movie, it has all the things that are required for a high-level cinema. And along with the extraordinary direction of Johnston, there are some exceptional performances. Jake Gyllenhaal was around 19 years old, when this movie premiered and offered a beautiful and natural performance. He is a perfect actor. Chris Cooper as his father, also gives a very good performance. The same goes for Laura Dern and she also looks beautiful. Even the rest of the performances are extremely well. The background score was fine. Very inspiring movie, that raises your celestial spirit. One of those movies that definitely inspires you for your whole life. An incredible inspiring movie along with a lot of entertainment. Do not be surprised
