A simple and effective film about what life is about, responding to challenges. Homer and his friends needed a lot of effort to become a man without falling into the trap of a prefabricated future that goes from father to son, to be a miner in the local mine and never leave that destination. He also took three different challenges so that Homer and his friends could conquer a personal and free future. The challenge of the first artificial satellite made by man, Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, a milestone in the history of mankind, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not miss, he did not want to miss. Then, the challenge of science and applied mechanics to calculate and design a rocket from scratch or, rather, of what they could gather in books and order in their minds. Finally, the challenge of a world that resists, refuses and tries to force you to return to the herd, even with a premature accident that forces you to return to the herd out of sheer need for survival, and even then Homer showed that he had the guts to accept. The challenge that was blocking for a time their own plans and dreams. But there is another side of the story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the carrier of the project, but he is also the bearer of the inspiration that he and his friends need. If he is the one who is going to obtain the university scholarship, because his friends gave him priority, his friends will also be able to climb their own paths and ways and leave the destiny of mining, thanks to the energy of their inspiring example. It gets in front of your eyes. Sometimes it's hard not to follow the example of who is like a beacon on a difficult road. But the film is also effective in showing how the father resisted this dream because for him science was not the fabric of a real man, like mining or football. The fate of the working class that was so present in the 50s and 60s and that is still present in some areas, is too often reinforced by the traditional thinking of the father. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class that I am talking about becomes a tremendous trap. Here, too, the film is effective and should make some parents think. This could have been the fourth challenge that Homer had to face: the challenge of taking a path that was not the one indicated and programmed by his own father. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine and University of Paris 1 Pantheon of the Sorbonne
