Watching the commercials of this movie, I was quite convinced that I was going to hate her. On the one hand, it was one of those "loosely based on the novel" movies, which generally means that the author of the book saw the script, hated it and refused to associate with the film. Worse still, the trailer only showed the most mundane slap you can imagine (for example, a boy throws himself in the face with a garden hose ... and falls). Then, when my little brother had in mind that this was the "must see" movie of the season (of course, he thought the same about "Cars", "Over the Hedge", "The Ant Bully", "Monster House" , etc, etc), I was really less than excited. <br /> <br /> But once in the theater, the movie won me for a variety of reasons. First of all, writers capture "child dialogue" better than almost any other children's movie I've seen. A good example of this comes directly after the children's director accidentally ate a worm trapped in an egg omelette. The boys make an exaggerated and exaggerated impression of the director by giving them a lecture, which makes it realistic, since all young children think (erroneously) that they make great mocking expressions of their adult tormentors. Then one of the children asks: "Why did he say, 'alley oop'?" Another child responds: "Maybe I'm crazy!" and the whole group laughs with laughter. It's not a very clever retort, but exactly the kind of thing that a little boy would do on the spot and exactly the kind of observation that other kids his age would find fun. As if to confirm it, my little brother laughed at the moment when they spoke on the screen; He could practically hear his voice saying the same exact lines if he placed himself in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason why the film works is that writers manage to work on issues such as bullying, sibling relationships, new children at school, and pressure / conformity the partners without making it look like they are plots for some specials after school. For example, the bully (Joe) is not stereotyped; It is definitely bad, but not purely bad, and enough of his family life it is revealed that the audience feels sympathy for him and understands his origins of bullying. There is also no time when Billy ('Worm Boy') realizes that it is a complete tool for his younger brother Woody, and yet, at the end of the film, some minor transformation has been made. There is some realism here in the way the characters solve situations and in the way they relate to each other, and very little of this is presented as cheesy. <br /> <br /> The only drawback of the film is the form of an absolutely ridiculous dance scene that even the creators of the infamous McDonald's dance party in "Mac and Me" would make fun of. Why, oh, why was he put in the movie? Austin Rogers (Adam) pulled out a Macaulay Culkin and refused to take the role unless he was given a vehicle to show off his impressive dance skills? Definitely, the complete sequence did not need to be there and had a value a little less comical than any program in "The History Channel". <br /> <br /> In general, this movie was excellent, and the duration (approximately one hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best and most realistic live action movies for children that you will see if you are ever close to children or just remember what it was like to be a child.
