I've never seen a movie like that before. I was on the edge of my seat and laughed constantly throughout the movie. I never thought there was such a horrible performance, it was too funny. The story behind the film is decent, but the scenes in the movies do not represent them. I've never seen such a stupid movie in my life, that's why I think it's worth seeing. I give this movie 10 out of 10 for being the most pathetic film ever created, this movie seems to have been created only to become garbage. I mean that the scenes seem so false and the actors act like "the camera is in front of them". You will get a kick just to see how scarce this film is, my friend and I could not stop making jokes during the movie, the daring guy who tries to hit the girl not once, but twice, and the second time he did . It sounded like it said sh! # Although he does not speak English hahaha. If you watch this movie, you will think that all those other films that you did not like and that you take for granted are much better than this. This movie must be seen out of curiosity, as well as what type of film DEFINES is useless. The evil snake met the girl so many times that it was ridiculous, the evil serpent roared and roared and let it escape each time. The evil serpent had so many possibilities that it was as if God was trying to tell hurry and eat the girl how many miracles she wants. The transition between scenes leaves you wondering if I missed something. So many plot holes from scene to scene. I laughed like crazy when they decided to "Escape to Mexico" to get away from the snake. Hmmmm jumping the border will save you from a Korean snake? Interesting ... very interesting ... I guess jumping the border solves all the problems. Another scene that completely surprised me ... they met for the first time and had a romantic scene on the beach that they kissed and did not even meet ... the scene was so cliché and it was not a substance at least in other movies. It may seem logical after a while, but I mean they just met, even though they are reincarnating, the feelings seemed to be loved instantly instead of developing. Anyway, it's worth watching this movie to open your eyes and see the light. Bad Hollywood movies will seem like a paradise compared to this. In the end, it's worth seeing that you will not get bored, you'll be busy criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
