"Hollywood Hotel" has relationships with many films like "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" about someone who won a contest that includes a contract to make movies in Hollywood, only to find the way to stardom, whether full of traps or nonexistent. In fact, as I was watching it tonight, at Turner Classic Movies, I was considering whether the authors of the most recent musical classic "Singing In The Rain" could have taken some of their "Hollywood Hotel" ideas, particularly a temperamental protagonist, movie star in a movie studio and a conclusion about a person who is singing a movie score, while another person got the credit by speaking on the screen. <br /> <br /> "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of film making in the 1930s. Among the supporting players is Louella Parsons, who plays (and, despite some negative comments I've seen, has a very moving personality on the screen and a natural mastery of her lines). She is not the only real person in the script. The makeup specialist, Perc Westmore, appears briefly as himself to try to make one character look like another. <br /> <br /> This movie was also one of the first in the career of the young Mr. Ronald Reagan, playing a radio interviewer at a movie premiere. Actually, Reagan does quite well in his short scenes, especially when he realizes that nobody Dick Powell is about to take control of the microphone when it should be used with more important people. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell has won a Hollywood contract in a contest, and is quitting his job as a saxophonist in Benny Goodman's band. The beginning of this film, by the way, is quite impressive, as the band travels in a truck parade to say goodbye to Powell. They end up singing "Hooray For Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful number is that a letter has been omitted on purpose. Throughout the lyrics of Johnny Mercer are references to Hollywood, such as Max Factor, the king of makeup, tin tin Rin, and even a touch of Tarzan. But the lyrics of the original song were meant to resemble Tyrone Power. Obviously, Jack Warner and his brothers were not going to announce the protagonist of 20th Century Fox, and replaced the name of Donald Duck. In any case, the number showed the best singers and instrumentalists of the Goodman orchestra. The same thing did a section five minutes later of the movie, where the band is rehearsing. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves the band and his girlfriend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood, only to discover that he is a player hired. (most likely for musicals involving saxophonists). He is known to Allen Joslyn, the studio's publicist (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad guy, but he is busy and tends to get rid of people unless it is necessary to talk to them. He parks Powell in a room at the Hollywood Hotel, where the studio's hot-tempered star (Lola Lane) also lives with his father (Hugh Herbert), his sister (Mabel Todd) and his cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain", except that his voice is good. His version of "Dan Lockwood" is one of "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, who steals scenes with ease several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a good guy like Gene Kelly was, and Lane (when not involved in his ego) is fully aware of it. By having an attack to avoid an unusual role he wanted, he refuses to attend the premiere of his latest film. Joslyn finds a double for her (the sister of real life, Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary is ready to play the star at the premiere and follow-up party. But she assists with Powell (Joslyn wants someone who does not know the real Lola). This leads Powell to shoot down Mowbray when the latter makes a plague of himself. But otherwise, the night is a success, and when the two are together, they begin to look attractive. <br /> <br /> Complications are related to Lola's return and Powell's slap in the face, after Mowbray complains that he was attacked by Powell ("and his gang of thugs"). Powell's contract is bought. Work with the photographer turned agent Ted Healey (actually not bad in this movie, even try to do an imitation of Jolson at any given time), the two try to find work and end up as employees in a hamburger stand run by the bad temper Edgar Kennedy. (The amount of broken plates and singing customers in the restaurant give Edgar enough time to make his slow burns with pleasure). Finally, Powell gets a "break" by being hired to be the lead singer of Dupre in a scam of "Gone With The Wind". This leads to the final section of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey help give Powell the chance to show his voice, not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> It's a pretty cute and attractive movie even now. The worst aspects are due to their time. Several jokes about African Americans are no longer tolerable (when trying to photograph Powell when he arrives in Hollywood, Healey accidentally photographs a doorman, and mentions Joslyn to be careful, Powell's photographs are too dark: do you understand?). Also a bit with Curt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane, who (although we say) is too tall is not tolerable either. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" is a bit too much (too long) but it was very popular in 1937. And an incident in which Healey almost got into a fight at the premiere (this was one of his last movies) reminds the people of the tragic and mysterious ending of the comedian in December 1937. But most of the movie is quite good, and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
