The film begins with a girl with mental problems and yellow shoes that look up at the sky on a corner of Madrid street and are bewitched by a passing plane. The film examines the lives of five women: Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita and Isabel, who have completely different lives and shoe choices. Their shoes are the first superficial, but they are united with some meaning that looks at them, a clue that we obtain in their fragile identities. Embroidered and embellished theatrically, a podiatrist tries to esoterically reveal the deepest secrets of the souls of a woman with the sole of her foot. The premise is risky and slightly artificial, but the tone and depth of the film take a bold step for good. <br /> <br /> What could have been happy and superficial, quickly changes team with an excellent dysfunctionality. Scene of couple that leaves the viewer fascinated by minutes, seeing the love or the lack of it, the pain, the confusion, the hope, the needs and the escape mechanisms are developed through different rooms of the house and until the street and, finally, next ... What a scene (!), But there will be others so effective to follow and strengthen the strong characterization and direction shown in this segment of life. <br /> <br /> Moving forward, a woman has lost the husband she loved. and inherited her children and her taxi, while another has completely lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. A ghost, a pending divorce? reproach, regret and remorse A new love Can you love a mirage? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can not love? Or do you think you can not love? Can you love and live life even though it will always be something desperate? However, are not these hopes and dreams exactly what keep us here grounded and in a spectrum of relative happiness? Many deep issues arise and the final act brings together people and ideas to join in an existential crisis without a clear solution, a final decision or an effective healing. Maybe an elusive thought, a fleeting feeling, but a lasting appreciation of life and the art and intellect of the film. Live. Live again. Rewind the reel. Reveal the real, the important; The great stones of life. The rest are just details.
