Several lines of history are intertwined here around different female characters. The shoes they wear serve as an indication of their problematic lives. All are transformed at the end of the movie. Adela (Antonia San Juan) leads a brothel; His daughter Anita (Mónica Cervera) is delayed and has a restricted life. Leire (Najwa Nimri) is a shoe designer with problems and loses her boyfriend; Maricarmen (Vicky Peña) has lost her husband and is now raising the children of her deceased ex-wife. Isabel (Ángela Molina) is a rich and boring woman. <br /> <br /> Other characters are used to connect the five main female characters. In storytelling, not everything is given away at the beginning: some connections are surprisingly established at the end of the film and that adds to the experience. The theme of the shoe is taken to extremes: for example, when Leire, as a shoe designer and working in a shoe store where she steals her shoes, faints, breaks one of her heels. <br /> <br /> When editing small connections They are made between scenes. A telephone rings, a cigarette is lit, a song is used, etc. to make the connection and fast cuts. The frequent change of the story prevents it from being boring or reaching TV levels. It is strongly driven by music to set the tone and atmosphere. The cities of Madrid and Lisbon serve as a backdrop for the stories, and the shots of those cities are used to extend the story beyond the characters. One of the most moving shots is when Anita, who performs the same walk every day, expands her walk and restricts life from the relative calm of her street to the busy main road: the way the space restriction is visually translated It is well made. As in most Spanish films, many stories are made visually, using soap opera stories as a simple background. There is a poetic ending that is somewhat romantic and sentimental, but still beautiful. <br /> <br /> As Ramón Salazar is too much in love with his own material, it is too long. Some scenes are kitsch and at the soap level, including acting (the love life of Adela, Isabel's doctor). The theme of the shoe is exaggerated and it is a weak metaphor. <br /> <br /> This is often compared to Magnolia because the structure is the same. But they are different. Magnolia is more technically competent, but somewhat mechanical. This has more the ability to translate emotion and atmosphere visually. After seeing this, you are inclined to move immediately to the new city-cinema: Madrid.
