I recently came back and saw this movie again for not having seen it in years. When I saw the film for the first time, I was too young to understand what the film was about. Now that I have seen it again, I could not believe what I had lost all these years. For me being able to watch movies for what they are, I think this movie was great. Most people feel that music is the best part, but I do not think that is true. Most people do not realize how good the story is because it is a judge for acting. The truth of the matter is that no one in the movie was really trying to act instead of just being themselves. All the main cast was playing themselves. They were not trying to be anyone else, but themselves. <br /> <br /> In fact, I have seen and analyzed the work and effort that have been put into the film. Now, from my point of view, the situations that are shown in the film are based largely on what really happened musically in Minneapolis at that time, and most of the things that happen are real events that happened in the race to Prince and who can say it better than him? The music that came from the city at that time was beginning to be recognized and revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential, mainly in the club "First Avenue & 7th St Entry" where, in fact, Prince, among other musicians, began his career. It is also a known fact that Prince and Morris Day always had a competition between them in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. So the story basically plays with that competitive aspect of their rivalry rather than their friendship, which shows the true competitive side of what happened at the "First Avenue" club for the time being. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this film is The Good is due to the fact that some of the situations that occur in the film are actually based on events that Prince has lived in his life with the musical aspect and the personal. For me, this made the film more realistic in terms of emotion because he is saying that his judgments and tribulations are pre-superstitions. In addition, his dedication that he puts into his performances is phenomenal. Prince made sure that every moment in the movie was done perfectly. Every time you listen to a song in the movie, it is in perfect synchronization with the situation in question. <br /> <br /> Prince is a musical genius and he has shown it on many occasions. This movie is what really put Prince on the map officially and since then has not diminished. Anyone who has seen this movie or even (in an incredible way) has not seen it yet, when you sit down and see it, you must see it with intelligence or you will lose all the aspect of the film. If you really love music this is definitely the movie to watch. Above what someone else says, I think it's a great movie to watch and own.
