This is one of the best Bollywood movies in years. Certainly the best this year so far. Indian to the nucleus, the panoramic visuals, the dialogues that please the heart and the melodious and soft music make the film exceptional. The proper description of Indian values ​​and culture makes the viewer seek their roots in them and invigorate the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new opportunity for life. <br /> <br /> This movie is for viewers who enjoy a call to their imagination and philosophical senses. If you like to watch movies to excite all your nerves through on-screen action, sex or terror, then this movie is not for you, because you will find that the film is not full of 90-degree turns. It's such a simple story for a movie as it can be. But that's exactly where the art of the film lies. One gets a real life experience, and the best thing is that this experience is full of values ​​and hope. It is about the positive side of life, about the sweet things that God has poured out on humans, against regressive films that insist on showing dons, terrorists and underworlds. It is not about things and people who have gone wrong. It is about the goodness that still persists, and that keeps the world functioning. Of course, all genres of films are respectable, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to create a film that goes against the grain and tries to open the eyes of the public to realities and hidden truths. <br /> <br /> Having said that, here's more ... <br /> <br /> The movie is a couple's journey from their commitment to their arranged marriage: yes, it's right, it's an agreement . Marriage and the couple get to know each other only through their parents and learn to love each other. The 6-month gap between commitment and marriage is a long time, not full of "attractive" events, but one that nurtures the growing love and devotion of the couple to each other. They learn together the importance of their relationship and this invaluable period of their lives, and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. But have they been sufficiently strengthened? Your relationship will face the test not only of time but also of fortune. Will they pass this test? That's what "Vivah" is about.
