Last night I finished watching "Jane Eyre" (1983), the BBC miniseries adapted from Charlotte Bronte's romantic gothic novel, which is a classic of English literature with Timothy Dalton (my favorite James Bond) as Mr. Edward Rochester and Zelah Clarke, like Jane Eyre, a poor 18-year-old orphan, a governess on Mr. Rochester's farm, Thornfield. "Jane Eyre" has been one of my most beloved books since I was 11 years old and her friend gave it to me with the words "This book is incredible", and it was and I have read it. Dozens of times and I'm still not tired of it. His beautiful language, refined, fragrant and surprisingly fresh, the dialogues, and above all, two main characters, and the story of his impossible love have attracted many filmmakers. "Jane Eyre" has adapted to television and the big screen many times, 18 according to IMDb. The famous and wonderful actors such as Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles, William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg, George C. Scott and Susannah York, Ciarán Hinds and Samantha Morton have interpreted the couple who had overcome hundreds of obstacles created by society, the laws , religion, by differences in age, background, experiences, and by the fatal errors that one could pursue for many years. Of all these films, I've only seen a 300-minute version of the BBC in 1983, which closely follows the novel, and where Timothy Dalton, who often plays dark and melancholy characters, not only played Edward Rochester brilliantly and classily, he was Mr. Rochester - sardonic, vibrant, forceful, powerful, passionate, sexy and tormented Thornfield teacher. Zelah Clarke also convinced the sweet, gentle, intelligent and strong Jane, who feels deeply and is full of passion mixed with clear reasoning and a quiet but firm will power. <br /> <br /> Added September 17, 2007: During the past two weeks, I've seen five "Jane Eyre" movies and it was a wonderful experience. There is something to admire in each adaptation of "Jane Eyre", although not all of them are completely successful. This version is still my favorite movie of "Jane Eyre".
