Playing with a character from a literary classic can be a bit of a poisoned chalice for an actor, paying for the pleasure of a fleshy character competing with the fantasies of generations of readers. Not to mention the numerous other actors who have besieged the castle before. Fortunately for the fantasists, this version? with the cast of Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton? highlights head and shoulders above the versions that have arrived. It's the right duration to do the story in all fairness, and it makes considerable use of cracking Bronte's dialogue; nothing of that modern intrusion, cut text and add new and lower scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story lies in the tensions created between the central characters, and the circumstances of the lives created to guide them. Jane "poor, simple and little" ?? It grows in the stinting charity of a cold aunt, its nature and independence shaped by a long spell in a very hard school. She arrives like a governess in Mr. Rochester's house, completely without friends and alone. Habitually, she represses herself for duty and hard experience, but her passionate nature soon finds her role of touch in her stern, astutely intelligent, enigmatic teacher, to whom she is attracted, as he is to her, by forces that are beyond your control. Rochester is the caged tiger, busy "paving hell with energy"; Potentially dangerous for all who come into contact with it? But "permeable, through one or two or more". His character is extraordinary: he takes extraordinary liberties with a paid subordinate; But then Jane is not an ordinary employee, as he sees. But a dark secret, and severe tests, are before them. <br /> <br /> It is a pleasure to hear the extraordinary dialogue of Bronte spoken by such consummate actors. Dalton, in particular, seems formed by passion on a bronte scale. If you've only seen him as a not-so-memorable Bond, you've missed the best thing. Those who have commented that his Rochester is too handsome, do not understand these dramatizations well: his character simply has too much time on screen for a really ugly man to hold the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is right, not always or consistently handsome, but often in a daring way, surprisingly, as it should be. And the Jane of Zelah Clarke is not a wallflower; It transmits the emotions of a woman who habitually represses her sense of humor and her passionate nature with great success, which allows her strange outbursts to show a more dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> Not so long ago, the BBC issued an excellent dramatization. from the most disturbing and disconcerting answer from Jean Rhys to Bronte, "Wide Sargasso Sea", imagining the background story of the first Mrs. Rochester. Check out? you will never see the "hero" of "Jane Eyre" in the same way again.
