The production of "Jane Eyre" on the BBC in 1983, starring Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM), has always been and always will be my favorite, Jane Eyre. If you see any other version of Jane Eyre without reading the book, it will be like watching a normal movie that you will forget the next day. But looking at this is almost equivalent to reading the book. I used to watch these miniseries a lot when I was little, and they inspired me to read the book. At that time I did not pay attention to how close this television production was to the book. Recently, I saw Jane Eyre's version in 1996 and I was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours long and I did not have many important scenes from the book (like my favorite gypsy scene). After that, I fell in love with This "Jane Eyre" even more because it includes all the important scenes in the book and only tells the whole story (the other versions do not, if you have not read the book). <br /> <br /> The cast of 1983 Jane Eyre is excellent. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very handsome actor (handsome enough to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he is as good as Rochester that I can not imagine anyone else playing this role. And Zelah Clarke is, without a doubt, the only Jane who follows the description of the book. The other thing that makes this movie so big is the clothes and makeup of the actors. Jane looks so modest and naive, as Bronte describes her (although she's not 18, but do you really pay attention to that?) <br /> <br /> Some people say that this "Jane Eyre" is Too long, but I'd rather spend the whole day watching it than spending 2 hours watching some other version. Some say that the movie is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate enough, or because there are not enough "kissing scenes". I hate when they make Jane Eyre a "Hollywood movie" with scenes of inappropriate kisses. You do not have to include "crazy, madly in love" scenes to show the love between Jane and Rochester. And both Zelah and Timothy express this love so perfectly that no other scenes are needed! I am 19 years old and many girls of my age refer to this film as "boring and outdated". But I can only feel sorry for them because they do not appreciate the purity and beauty of it. After all, the novel is set in the 19th century, and that antiquated aspect makes it more attractive and more like the book. <br /> <br /> I do not think there is another version of Jane Ayre that has the popularity and love of this. No matter who plays Jane and Rochester in other films, the real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton.
