I have recently seen this production on DVD. It's the first time I've seen it since it was originally aired in 1983 and it was as good as I remembered it. At first, as I was worried, it would seem old-fashioned and I guess it's a bit old-fashioned and very neat as the BBC series was back then. (I miss those wonderful costume dramas that always seemed to be on Sunday afternoon at the time) But apart from that, it's as perfect as it could have been. I'm a bit of a purist of "Jane Eyre", since it's my favorite book and I've never seen another production that is true to the book like this one. Recently, I have also reread the book and some of the dialogues are just right. When reading the scene near the end, where Rochester asks Jane about what San Juan was like, I noticed that Dalton and Clarke reproduced the words exactly on the screen and did them perfectly. <br /> <br /> All the other productions that have been made seem to be missing in some way, some even neglecting the "Rivers" family and their connection with Jane completely. I also think that this is the only production that includes the "Gypsy" scene done correctly. <br /> <br /> The casting is perfect, Zelah Clarke is like Jane is described in the book "small plain and dark" and I do not agree. that she seemed too old. Timothy Dalton may be a little too handsome, but he's absolutely perfect like Rochester, as he portrays all aspects of his character correctly and takes off his socks! I agree with another comment that even seems quite scary at the same time, as in the scene when he turns slowly in the church when the wedding is interrupted, his expression is fantastically terrifying. But then, in another favorite scene, her joy is wonderful to see when Jane runs up the stairs and hugs her arms the morning after they declare themselves in love. A love that is beautifully portrayed and totally believable. Oh, to be loved by such a man! However, there were a couple of strangely missing scenes, like when Jane sleeps with the dying Helen and also when Rochester takes Jane to buy her wedding stuff (I thought there was one, but maybe my memory is playing tricks) . <br /> <br /> Finally, if you never see another Jane Eyre production, simply the majority of those who see this is simply perfection.
