* SPOILER ALERT: I would like to be able to discuss this without revealing specific points of the plot, but I can not. Sorry. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for an IMDb review of the George C. Scott movie when I came across the summary and revisions of this version. I had so many positive reviews that I decided to ask for it though: (a) while truncated and hurried, I thought George C. Scott embodied the tortured nature (and physical appearance) of Rochester from the book to a T; and (b) even while looking at the cover of the DVD, I was thinking "Is not Timothy Dalton too handsome for the role?" This last concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to reread the book while the DVD was on hold. That said, the moment I started seeing this, I was captivated. At first it was disconcerting to hear the dialogue of 1840 delivered as written, with little or no attempt at modernization, but Dalton and Clarke jumped at it so thoroughly that I really enjoyed the fact that the adapters relied on the audience to follow the archaic discourse . . Having so much of the book on the screen was an additional advantage. I know someone who will not see any version of Jane Eyre because "who wants to see a movie about a man who keeps a poor crazy woman in the attic?" Frankly, if someone who had not read the book stumbled on the versions of an hour and a half or two hours, I would think that that is all that the story entails: the secret of Rochester and its effect on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version is actually about Jane Eyre's entire life. <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized the casting. Dalton is too precipitating; Clarke is too reserved. I can not argue against the first point, but he is so "in the moment" that I think he IS Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is in the brand. Jane Eyre is quiet, watched. If one remembers the book, much of the adult Jane's fierceness and passion occurs during her private struggles. Some of the criticisms baffle me. Critics say that Clarke is too short or not pretty enough. The book continues ad infinitum about how small and simple Jane is. Ms. Clarke should not be tall and the filmmakers softened their looks to make Jane's statements about her lack of beauty credible. She can barely avoid it if Dalton is tall. Some say there is no chemistry among the drivers. What?!! The scene in which Jane finally leaves her room after the wedding fiasco vibrates a lot with passion and longing and sadness and regret, and that's just the first example that comes to mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some of the other criticisms. I also missed more scenes with Helen Burns and the Rivers brothers. Some of the dialogues were truncated in a strange way. When Rochester declares: "Jane, you judge me wrong, I do not hate her because she's crazy". I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explains that if Jane went crazy, he would still love her and take care of her. It's a powerful moment in the book, and I wish it had been included. I think it was a mistake to bring a scene with Rochester to the part of the story where Jane is alone. It could have been done for reasons of clarity, but I found it jarring. He wanted the cunning humor of the scene in which Jane thinks that Rochester's burning will cool and that it will become abrupt, but he may "like" it again and again. Dalton's performance is so good that the rare misstep is evident: when Rochester cries in the library, I saw him as an actor doing a crying scene, not like Rochester. As for the sets, if someone has ever seen an episode of the "Dark Shadows" program of the 1960s, you know what to expect: very rigid and sometimes ramshackle interiors. Others have commented thoroughly and succinctly on the makeup work that Rochester performs at the end. Oh! It is bad. The conclusion is too abrupt. After all that anguish and suspense, I wanted a more complete ending. And, in my DVD copy, having credits at the beginning and at the end of the eleven episodes of 25 to 30 minutes is too much. Having said that, I am very happy to have this movie and I will see it again and again.
