There are many adaptations of Charlotte Brontë's classic novel "Jane Eyre", and taking into account the many written reviews about them, there is also a lively discussion about which one is the best. All the adaptations of the short film suffer from the fact that it is simply not possible to group the whole plot of the novel in a film of about 100 minutes. length, consequently, these films only show some parts of the novel. The television series have proved to be a more suitable format to reproduce all the different episodes of the heroine's life. <br /> <br /> There are three mini TV series, released in '73, '83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but the worst of all adaptations of Jane Eyre and an example surprising of a completely overvalued movie. The beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by insipid and trivial, and the crucial scenes are eliminated or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. What leads to this is that the characters portrayed not only have nothing in common with the Rochester and Jane of the novel and behave in exactly the opposite way to that described in the book, but also their behavior and language are not absolutely compatible with The behavior of the period in which the novel is established. It's a silly telenovela, in which the actors look and act as if they had put on the 1850s suits by mistake. This "Jane Eyre" (as she dares to call herself) is in fact a slap in the face of Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is very true to the novel, since the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane lend themselves in almost all their length. But what works perfectly in the novel does not necessarily work perfectly on the screen. Sometimes, the language of the novel is too complex and complicated to seem natural when spoken on the screen, and the constant interruptions of the dialogues of Jane's voice-overs add to the impression of artificiality and stagnation. And in spite of the fidelity to the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. Sorcha Cusack's portrayal of Jane as a bold young woman, self-confident and with a worldly intelligence is totally at odds with the literary model, and Michael Jayston, although a good actor, simply does not possess the dominant physical presence or charisma necessary to interpret. Rochester Although it is a decent adaptation, it simply does not convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never really captivates the public. <br /> <br /> All the '73 failures are corrected in the '83 mini TV series with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although from the point of view of a purist, Timothy Dalton is too handsome, tall and thin to be Rochester, he possesses the essential qualities for the role: he has an imposing physical presence, a great magnetism and an air of security in himself and authority . And in spite of his undeniable beauty, he looks severe and severe enough to interpret the sombre master of Thornfield convincingly. But the excellence of his performance lies in the way he presents all facets of Rochester's character. Of all the actors who have played Rochester, he is the only one who captures them all: the harshness, the insolence, the bad humor and the brusqueness of Rochester, as well as his comic side, his tenderness, his solicitude and his deep and Frantic love Dalton's handling of Charlotte Brontë's language is equally excellent. Even the most crazy and complicated thoughts of Rochester sound absolutely true and natural when Dalton delivers them. It is the definitive, insurmountable and insurmountable Rochester, and after seeing it in this role, it is impossible to imagine that Rochester is interpreted in any other way or by any other actor. <br /> <br /> Zelah Clarke offers an equally excellent quality. Performance in a role that is possibly even harder to perform well than Rochester. She portrays exactly the Jane of the novel, a young woman apparently shy, reserved and reserved, but who possesses a great depth of feeling and an equally great willpower. She captures beautifully the duality in Jane's character: her modesty and respect on the one hand, and her fire and passion for the other, her apparent frailty and her indomitable sense of good and evil. She and Dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure delight. <br /> <br /> With regard to fidelity to the literary model, this version also quotes verbatim from the novel as does the '73 version, but with one important difference: The dialogs are shortened in this version, but the central lines that are essential for the characterization of the protagonists and the development of the plot become unchanged. Thus, the scriptwriter avoided any artificiality of speech, while retaining completely the beauty and originality of the language of Charlotte Brontë. And unlike the previous version of the BBC, the essence of each scene is captured perfectly. <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel follows with even greater precision than in the '73 series. It is almost a scene for the staging of the novel, where equal time and emphasis is given to each episode of Jane's life. It is the only adaptation of Jane Eyre that has a gypsy scene worthy of the novel, and the only one that does full justice to the fundamental and most harrowing scene of the novel when Jane and Rochester meet after the aborted wedding. Timothy Dalton, in particular, plays that scene with excellent skill. He interprets with an almost painful intensity the anguish of Rochester when he realizes the resolution of Jane to leave him, his frantic attempts to make him stay and his final despair when he really abandons him. It is a heartbreaking, almost devastating scene that will remain with the viewer for a long time. <br /> <br /> Even with the smallest roles perfectly chosen, an excellent script and two ideal main actors, this is the definitive and definitive one. Only the real "Jane Eyre."
