Well, I did not understand Purgatory the first time I saw this episode. It seemed that something significant was happening that I could not point out. This time, the fires of Costa Mesa on TV really caught my attention, and it helped that I had just written an essay about Inferno! But let me see what has not yet been discussed ... <br /> <br /> A TWOP review mentioned that Tony had 7 flights of stairs to go down due to the broken elevator. Yes, 7 is a significant number for many reasons, especially religious, but here is one more for you. On a hunch I consulted wikipedia, and guess what Dante divided into 7 levels? Purgatory Excluding ante-purgatory and paradise. (Things at the foot of the stairs and ... what Tony can not reach). <br /> <br /> To the supposed "random" scene of monks. As soon as the monks appeared, he fit in perfectly with Tony trying to get out of Purgatory. It can be said that he cared when that Christian commercial was lit (death, disease and sin), and he is becoming increasingly desperate because the Christian heaven seems a little doubtful to him. When he meets the monks, he is thinking: "maybe these guys can help me?" which sounds like contemplating other religions (for example, Buddhism) and wondering if some other path could lead to "salvation". It's not that Tony is necessarily thinking of literally becoming a Buddhist, but it seems that Finnerty tried (and ruined it). That slap basically tells Tony that there is no quick fix; Like, no, you can not suddenly embrace Buddhism and get out of here. <br /> <br /> At first, Tony was not too worried about getting to heaven. But at the "entrance of the conference", he realizes that it will not be so easy for him. At first, I saw the problem of the name in front of the driver's license, since Tony had led a kind of double life, and with the people who kill and sleep that he kept secret for most people. He feels free to have an affair with quasi-Melfi because "he is Kevin Finnerty". He realizes that he CAN cheat some people with KF cards, like hotel receptionists, but that will not get him out of Purgatory. Those helicopters, the sky helicopters? They are tracking him and everything he does. <br /> <br /> After reading all the theories about "inFinnerty", it seems that the identity of KF is a reminder of the infinite Tony could have taken different paths in his life. Possibly, along with the car joke about Infiniti, it did not make sense to me in any other way. Aaa and at that point my brain vanishes.
