In what seems an attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gómez Pereira made this film, 'Things that make life worthwhile. "It's not an original discovery, because of the many voices that it has (quite out of the field, by the way), but it departs a little from the norm in Spanish cinema." The drawback is that the elements that make up the film are badly combined , and while some points are not well developed, others are out of place.A day in the life of two people close to middle age.It is basically what the film Gómez Pereira.Jorge (Eduard Fernández) is a papermaker (stopped ) that, despite the burden on his back with a major drama, he seems to be willing to see things change, only this explains his commitment to a minor could mean a turning point in his existence. Tautou of "Long dating" (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says things like this: "If I find a coin before the corner, that will change my luck." "Of course he finds it, he starts playing. be a great day '(Today can be a g ran day) of Joan Manuel Serrat and in some crosses on his way Hortensia (Ana Belén). She is another woman of age to enter. , divorced and a little lonely. Take Valerian to sleep, organize birthday parties as an exemplary mother, said her belief in God and carries a speed of manslaughter. Hortensia is a woman of many contradictions in his behavior, life was in his Address to the data of management as "70% of people fall in love only once in life" and said that although it has nothing to do with Jorge and that he is unemployed, does not prevent the possibility that he is a "sadist" sleeping on his shoulder at the cinema at the earliest opportunity. Then came a communion, a dance at the luxurious wedding banquet, the back of a car and other things in which the players seem to live unique experiences like that, but end up making them quite heavy for the viewer. "Things that make life worthwhile". The debate between us is the drama of two adults. people who have no other to take them to see where their strange relationships are and, conversely, make us take the case as a comedy, focusing on things like a Chinese song at a wedding (which seems to be fun in itself) or the way to walk a drunk person The problem is that it does not leave us time to connect with the players, therefore, we can not identify with the dramatic, and neither give us a solid base comic, leaving everything but a pure joke. In the end, everything is mixed in a way that the viewer does not know very well whether to laugh or cry, and ends up doing nothing. And it is true that something is not seen a thousand times, it is not the kind of film we find to turn every corner, but it is not different or special enough as we want to do. Ana Belén (who apparently has less than 53 years in this movie) and Eduard Fernández are two actors who enjoy watching them work, but this time seems to be smart enough or comfortable enough in scenes that require you to break the calm That prevails in the film, so at times like the "accident" with the children of the bar, it seems that they are getting out of hand. Maybe a very dramatic change that has to do, but that's not an excuse to lower your guard. In any case, both interpreters are easily erected the highlight of the function. The "things that make life worthwhile" work only up to the modest level of entertainment. Any claim that is beyond that point has not been fulfilled, such as a romantic or dramatic comedy like that, we suppose, they wanted to do, they can not afford to have small moments successfully completed (beyond evil) like that in which one of The characters talk and laugh, lost drunk, compared to a child who remains in a coma partly because of him. Not much for people like Rosario Pardo, the launch of the typical friend whose biggest contribution to the film is the phrase "must be fucked", and the songs of the soundtrack, although significant, not only apt. It is true that Manuel Gómez Pereira's film has its successes (some of the moments related to José Sacristán), but the whole is an anodyne story, a film with good intentions and a good result when the best.
