"Flavia, the monaca muslmana" aka. "Flavia la hereje" of 1974 is a truly disturbing and inflexible piece of Italian exploitation film that, to a certain extent, follows a somewhat feminist premise (although the level of sordidness and brutality would probably displease most feminists). Located mainly in a convent, and with a nun as central protagonist of the same name (great performance of the wonderful Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia, the heretic", can be called a "Nunsploitation" movie. However, this film differs drastically from the typical Nunsploitation films of the time, since it does not focus as much on nunsploitation elements as lesbianism, sadistic lesbian punishments, etc. Personally, I saw more similarities with the Hexploitation time films, such as "Mark of The Devil", (although this does not deal with the theme of the witch hunt), which focuses on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and in the early modern period. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600: after seeing his despotic father beheading a wounded Muslim soldier, the young Flavia is forced to become a nun in a convent. When her father condemns a fellow nun to a torturous death for a small misdemeanor years later, Falvia's repugnance for male violence against women turns into hatred against the despotic church, and she joins a band of Arab treasures ... <br /> <br /> One thing is for sure, "Flavia the heretic" is not for the faint of heart, and neither is it for those who want a happy ending. The director Gianfranco Mingozzi obviously tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his unpleasant scenes. The numerous scenes of torture and execution are extremely disturbing, with details, details and other horrifying scenes with explicit details, and the most shocking scene is probably the torture of the young nun at the beginning of the film. However, the violence here is never superfluous. After all, these horrifying methods were actually real at the time the film was developed. The film is very well made, with realistic costumes, fantastic scenarios, an elegant cinematography and a great score by Nicola Piovani. The incredibly beautiful and brilliant Florinda Bolkan has shown her talent in many of Italy's great cult productions (including Lucio Fulci's masterpiece of Giallo "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" from 1972). She offers another great charismatic performance here, and I could not imagine that another actress would fit as well into the role as she did. The film has some minor inconsistencies (for example, why does the rigid church leave strangers cult followers in convents in the first place)? However, in general it is surprising how realistic this film is. "Flavia, the heretic", definitely should not be missed by my fanatical colleagues of Italian exploitation cinema. This is a great exploitation film in general, although it is definitely very depressing and, therefore, should be observed in the right mood. Highly recommended for fans of disturbing exploitation cinema. 7.5 / 10
