Flavia the heretic is an undeniable work of art and probably my number one recommendation to affirm that the cinema of the exploitation of the euro is seriously underestimated and should not be ignored. This is a complex and intelligent film, beautifully made and ?? surprise ?? pretty darn accurate! This is more than a simple lack of sense or gratuitous violence, and it is time for the prudent film committees that classify Flavia as forbidden garbage to consider this as well. Flavia is a beautiful teenager of the fourteenth century, forced to live the life of an obedient nun in a strict convent. She refuses to accept that she is inferior just because she is a woman and curses her sister for being so tolerant of this. After an unsuccessful attempt to escape, she makes friends with another rebellious nun and even leads a troop of bloodthirsty Muslims to the walls of the convent. <br /> <br /> Flavia is an absolutely fascinating movie! Almost impossible to believe that the director Gianfranco Mingozzi has managed to make it seem so realistic and so disturbing. I challenge you to find a title that focuses on the theme of pioneering feminism with greater intensity than Flavia. Several sequences are quite shocking (at the edge of the nightmare, actually) when the camera focuses on brutal rapes, torture and mutilation. However, all this raw material is not only used to satisfy perverted gorehounds. I am firmly convinced that they are part of the statement that 'Flavia' is trying to communicate: humanity (the Catholic Church in particular) historically demonstrated that it is a hypocritical and discriminating race and that there is no point in denying it anymore. Films like "Flavia, the heretic" have the courage to openly question and condemn our precious ancestors and I really admire them for that. Flavia is an exceptional and fundamental exploitation film due to its substance, but it is even taken to a higher level by the wonderful cinematography, the glorious costumes and landscapes and an impressive musical score by Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as the ambitious and stubborn nun, but it is Maria Casares who steals the show as Sister Agatha. She is a nun who hates men and shouts that she likes to pee in the open field! Amen, sister!
