I felt that this movie was about human sexuality as much as anything else, whether intentionally or not. It also shows us how absurd and paradoxical it is that women are not allowed to participate in such an important event at the national level, meanwhile, we forget the past of our respective "advanced" nations. I write from Japan, where women simply got the right to vote 60 years ago, and engineering techniques are a recent phenomenon. The pubs in England were once only for men, the business world was totally off limits for women in the United States until recently, and women in China had their feet tied so they could not develop feet enough strong enough to escape from their husbands. Iran is conveniently going through this stage of our time, and we can see how ridiculous we have seen at one time or another. Returning to the issue of sexuality, we wonder what can be intrinsically related to women that make them unsuitable for a football game (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially in these children's girls, a couple so much that they even have the feeling that lesbianism is also on the agenda. I think one point is that not all women are equal, and the women the police are trying to "protect" are not the ones who will try to enter first. The initial scenes of the approach to the stadium make you appreciate the value of the young women who try to enter, and each one separately, at all. It is the world of a brutal man. Any woman brave enough to try to go should be allowed! The world of sexuality is not one size fits all. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the criminal detainees join the improvised pen waiting for their deportation to who knows where, and in a much more subtle way, begin to bond with the guards watching them. They had definite ideas about women and femininity, which were being challenged head on. The attitude change is glacial, but visible. <br /> <br /> Since the film is pure Iran from the start, the stranger needs a bit of relaxation, but the characters have a special way of asserting themselves. for you, and you end up having a complete picture, and you even understand the misunderstandings of men and distract them. The supposed villain is the invisible patriarchy of the ayatollahs, who remain invisible and nameless, and probably not remembered. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this film was filmed during the real event of the Iran-Bahrain match gives me a sense of dread to all involved
