What do you think the average person would know more / less about: Iranian cinema or Iranian football? Interestingly, the two are at the forefront of the latest film by controversial Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi entitled 'Offside', a story that uses football or access to football as a backdrop for a series of scenes that revolve around the law of do something or go somewhere and an individual's right to extend that courtesy if they wish, when they wish. The strange thing is that you do not get away from Offside after having learned about Iranian soccer or too much about Iranian cinema (unless it's an education in the controversial Panahi style), but you do feel enlightened, that at least someone from Iran He has taken a controversial issue that clearly remains valid in a nation like Iran, and is willing to present it to an international audience instead of exploiting it. <br /> <br /> I can remember the 2006 World Cup, I am sure that many people can. It was the summer after my first year in college and after the work I had during my first year, a summer of the Soccer World Cup acted as a very well synchronized tonic. It goes without saying that I saw practically all the bars in the game that are shown simultaneously with the others at the end of the group stage, to avoid incidents like those seen in Spain '82 when it was thought that West Germany and Austria transpired to get a result between them that would see them both at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Was anyone in Britain watching the BBC broadcast from Iran? The game of Mexico, the first of the tournament in both nations, can remember that at the top of the program, the BBC football presenter, Gary Lineker, left a sarcastic comment to present the game. It was something like: "We've seen giants from Germany, England, Argentina and Holland play, but now we can see ... Mexico and Iran are fighting." The emphasis that the last two were inferior was clear and that perhaps seeing them was a routine task. It's a shame because there are people and movies like Offside presents them, who are really willing to see Iran play to the point where they risk their well-being to achieve it and it's sad when people in a position of power dismiss what they consider. "inferior" when there are others who would do anything to have the opportunity to participate in another way. <br /> <br /> When I immediately think of the words "Iran", "football" and "World Cup", my mind flies. Back to the game of France 98 between that nation and America. Here is a movie about a kind of World Cup game involving Iran, but where some or even most Iranian filmmakers may have chosen to present a story about Iran's famous victory over the United States and what that meant for them, director Panahi chooses to look at what happens behind the scenes and presents a story of the stands, since women are banned from football matches and are not allowed to experience the ecstasy of winning a game of magnitude immense You can imagine a hard-line film detailing Iran's "victory" as a heavy propaganda film designed to explode, as it "defeats" a Western power or "enemy" in a sport that perhaps was not expected to they did it <br /> <A couple of movies that come to mind when it comes to beating the unbeatable at their own game is the Indian film 'Lagaan' of 2001, in which the Indian peasants defeat the British rulers in the cricket. Similalry, in 2005, "The game of their lives", sees how the Americans defeat the English in a football match only this time in the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films and Offside are immense; The offside is looking at a situation behind a state mentality and dares to explore an essence of feminism when the girls, trying to see how their beloved Iran defeats Bahrain and qualify for the World Cup, are surrounded as animals and are in a crude purgatory at the feet. From a window with bars that would allow them to see the game. The reasoning has to do with the obscene language that men "can", they will not, but they "can" use during the game. The film presents Iran as so incompetent that they can not take away a man's right to swear and prohibit bad language, but they must prohibit a woman's right to watch the game all together. it is not surprising that Panahi's film was banned in Iran. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remembers including what drives the rule crazy in the first place by often allowing her female characters to smoke cigarettes and use cell phones, two things that doctors and scientists will make her think are much more dangerous for the human body / mind to hear some obscene language in a football game. Panahi pays special attention to the title of his film 'Out of play', which in itself is a decision within football that details when an 'attacker' is 'caught' trying to gain an advantage on the field. The parallels correspond to the position of the women in the film, since these people who advance (supposedly without reason) are caught trying to put one on the opposition team; that is the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think Offside is one of the best films coming out of the Middle East and the surrounding area of ​​the Gulf that I've seen. It is a tense but humiliating film about people who have no acting history according to the IMDb and, therefore, the performance is raw and real, and adds that picturesque neo-realist aura to all this. The immediate ending is disturbing and the constant verbal battle between the male soldiers and the unjust women who dared to challenge the state is wonderful. I also believe that someone who really dislikes the movie for the reasons I have mentioned shows a different level of insensitivity, or that you work in the Iranian government.
