In Iran, women are not allowed to attend male sporting events, apparently to "protect" them from all the curses and rude language they can hear emanating from male fans (therefore, since men can not control themselves or behave, women are forced to do so). suffer. go figure.). "Out of play" tells the story of a half-dozen young women who, dressed as men, try to sneak into the high-stakes match between Iran and Bahrain, which in 2005 qualified Iran to go to the World Cup (the movie it was really filmed largely during that game). <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a comedy that will remind you of all those great humanistic films ("The Shop on Main Street", "Loves of a blonde," "Closely watched trains", etc.) that flowed from Communist Czechoslovakia as part of the "Miracle of Prague" in the mid-sixties. As with many of these works, "Offside" is more concerned with observing life than with devising any elaborately elaborated fictitious narrative. In fact, it is the simplicity of the configuration and the naturalism of the style that makes the film so effective. <br /> <br /> Once their ruse is discovered, the girls are cornered in a small pen right outside the stadium where they are. You can hear the shrill cheers that emanate from the inner game. Stuck where they are, all they can do is beg the security guards to let them in, guards who are basically clumsy and kind-hearted guys who are forced to do their duty as part of their mandatory military service. Even the majority of men entering the stadium do not seem particularly disturbed by the idea that these women can enter. Even so, the prohibition persists. However, how can one not be impressed by the very real courage and energy displayed by these women when faced with a system that continues to impose such archaic and so ridiculously regressive restraint? And yet, the purpose of these women is not to unite behind a cause or make a "point". They are simply fanatics obsessed with a burning desire to watch a football game and, like all men in the country, cheer on their team. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to say how much of the dialogue is written and how much of it is untimely, but, in any case, the actors, with their wonderfully expressive faces, do a magnificent job making every moment seem completely real and convincing. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are notable notables in a uniformly excellent cast. The structure of the film is also very flexible and free, since writer / director Jafar Panahi and co-writer Shadmehr Rastin focus for a few brief moments on one or two of the characters, then move smoothly and effortlessly towards others. With this documentary approach, we come to feel that we are witnessing a real event that takes place in "real time". Very often, for us it is easy enough to forget that we are actually watching a movie. <br /> <br /> It was a very smart move on the part of the filmmakers to include so much humor in the movie (this is what the Czech filmmakers did as well), it is best to point out the absurdity of the situation and broaden the appeal of the film for both national and foreign audiences. "Out of play" is obviously a cry for justice, but it is made even more effective by his refusal to make his story a heavy breathing tragedy. Instead, he realizes that nothing breaks social barriers as efficiently as humor and an appeal to the common humanity of the audience. And is not that what art is supposed to be? In its quiet and discreet way, "Offside" is one of the great underestimated gems of 2007.
