Different film directors from different countries have contributed a lot to the film medium for their thoughts. As a result, we have experienced different genres when it comes to the medium. Jafar Panahi, unlike J.L. Godard or F. Truffault, believes in simple storytelling; Schematic Narratives is one of the main features of his work as a director. Rely on the automatic and critical intelligence of the viewer; He does not feel any need to go through alienation or those things to reach the spectators. It is equally effective despite being conventional. Offside (2006), is another schematic creation of him, where the Subordination of Gender in the Middle East of Asia gradually becomes clear to everyone as the simple but catchy story of the film progresses. Today, when all of us are shouting about the issue of Women's Rights, this film comes to our mind very calmly and, ultimately, becomes a hump for our critical intelligence by conveying the message that the Equality of Human Rights is nothing other than an illusory good, a utopia. Fatherhood will never allow women to empower themselves. An important soccer match in which the nation participates, a teenager who understands the game well, loves her nation and does not have the rights to enter the stadium to encourage her country. You are simply allowed to hear the comment live. His alias could not work for her. As a result, he had to suffer several humiliating situations. From the beginning, his worried father ran here and there for his daughter. At the end of the day, the celebration came when the nation won the game that the girl could not see, as she was detained on the outside of the stadium during match time. But the celebration can not suppress the question of the rights of women who remain in every corner of the world in different formats. Jafar Panahi has pointed more successfully to this issue of gender abuse in the context of making conventional movies and patriarchy as well. A global tragedy has been dealt with easily and sometimes with humor that, in turn, mocks our being constantly.
