At first glance, a film about women who want to watch a football game would not attract much to someone with little interest in football like me. However, it is not about football, it is about discrimination and the enthusiasm of women for the sport they love. . <br /> <br /> The film begins the day of a crucial World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain, a girl is trying to enter the Azadi Stadium in Tehran by dressing like a child, it seems that she will get in. a soldier tries to find her. Once trapped, they take her to a small enclosure on the outside of the stadium where there are a handful of women who had already been captured, here they are guarded by a small group of recruited soldiers whose leader would prefer to return home taking care of his soldiers. won. We never learn the names of the characters, but we know them as people when the girls beg the guards to allow them to observe a nearby hole in the wall and, when they are denied, they try to at least provide a comment. <br /> <br /> In addition to presenting an important point about rigid gender segregation in much of today's Iran, the film contains many fun moments, such as the "disguise" one of the girls is made to wear when going to the bathroom and the girl disguised as a soldier and was only captured because she chose to watch the game from a seat reserved for a high-ranking officer. The enthusiasm of the girls for the game is such that, by the end, the spectator is likely to be on the edge of his seat with the hope that Iran will win and, therefore, reach the final in Germany. The soldiers do not show themselves as fundamentalists, they are only recruits who are there because they have to be and when they explain to the girls why women can not see male sports they do not seem so convinced by their own arguments. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that this film can not be seen in Iran, but it is good that the world in general can see it and, therefore, see that the ordinary Iranians are not a group of desperate fans. fight a war in the west. but normal people with the same passions and concerns as people everywhere. The cast did a great job of making its characters look like real people instead of mere cartoons.
