Panahi, whose previous films such as The Circle and Crimson Gold seem to have varied from severe to somber, has produced a funny, stubborn and chaotic ensemble piece in her new Offside that ends with a note of sincere release and fun. however, the film deals with material as challenging and relevant as anything else it has done. By focusing on a group of female football fans caught in the pre-Bahrain-Iran World Cup match at the Tehran Stadium, Panahi raises issues of national spirit and independent thinking, and the contradictions? and pure absurdity? of apartheid religious gender of the regime in a world of modern competition with a majority of young people and urban girls who increasingly think for themselves. <br /> <br /> As the film begins, we unhesitatingly join one of the girls on a bus, with a father chasing a lost daughter This one has a costume and has national colors like war paint, but we shudder with it in the knowledge of what is going to happen: it is still easy to detect. The thing is that most of the men around do not care. Still, the rules are rules, and once they try to cross the various checkpoints on the way to the big stadium, the aspiring footballers, or some of them anyway, are surrounded and held in a small enclosure above the stadium. For some mostly young, green and rustic police soldiers who have no idea how to deal with the independent ideas of these girls in the big city and who would rather see the game? What roar do we constantly hear in the background? themselves. Each girl is different ?? It represents a different set of reasons for wanting to break the rules and different ways of doing it. One wore a soldier's uniform and entered the officers section. One of them is harsh, masculine, mocking and provocative (she could pass for a pretty boy and, in jest, hints at that: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What would you like it to be?"). You do not care much about football, but you went to honor a dead partner. Una (Aida Sadeghi) is an ardent footballer. and so. These Tehrani girls are stubborn and intelligent and walk around the lieutenant lieutenant in charge of them (Safar Samandar). One of the rural police (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes the young footballer to the men's room (of course, there are no ladies), which forced her to use a poster of an Italian soccer star as a mask. It follows a comedy of errors and chaos in which the girl escapes. <br /> <br /> Later, does an elegant-looking van come with an officer who directs the cops to take the girls to the Vice Department? violating the rules of sexual segregation qualifies as vice. A male mixes with them ?? a child who is chronically guilty of smuggling fireworks at games. The van is not so elegant: the radio antenna is broken. But a policeman keeps it in place so they can hear the increasingly heartbreaking story. Policemen and prisoners are all united in a common emotion now. There is no score, the game goes to penalties, and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background, all this is a real game, a real stadium and real masses of crazy young people by The result of this event. The excitement is tremendous, and the streets are full of cars, flags and a crowd of supporters who pray for an Iranian victory and join in their excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this film so good, as can be clear at this point, is that it was recorded during the night of a real game with a real ending that changes everything. This, in contrast to Panahi's previously highly calculated narrative trajectories, is a spontaneous cinematographic creation of vérité that improvises in rhythm with a background captured from real events and immerses you in its emotion in quite exciting ways. <br /> <br /> The essence of Offside is the disconnect between the madness of modern world football and the retro-Islamic social bans that repress women. The latter exist at a time when young Iranians are becoming part of a global world in which women participate in sports and share the ardor of the spirit of a national team. How is it exactly reconciled with the country's ambition to become a modern global power with social attitudes that are medieval? A lot of Offisde is amazingly real, including the way everyone tries to get away from it all. The director's decision to inject young actors into a real mega-sport event leads to an incredibly effective combination of documentary, polemics and fiction that is too energetic to appear to have a bone to choose from, and that ends in a brilliant and moving way. <br /> <br /> I've had reservations about Panahi movies before, but this one kicks ass. Panahi does something remarkable here. Criticize your society, present an unusual drama and touch our hearts with a sense of the aspirations of a nation.
