In Iran, women are banned from attending live sporting events because of the fear of being "corrupted" by the bad language, proximity to thousands of men and the fact that there are no restrooms for women in outdated stadiums. Based on a real incident involving the director's daughter, Offside of Jafar Panahi follows six girls, disguised as men, who are denied entry to the football match in 2005 between Iran and Bahrain, a game that will decide if Iran goes to the game or not. World Cup. Moving away from the grim, minimalist films we've been accustomed to from Iran for the past ten years, Offside is a lush comedy that has a patriotic fervor and universal appeal, but contains enough subversive social commentary to justify its ban on screenings in Iran. . <br /> <br /> Taken with a digital camera with non-professional actors who are more than up to the task, the girls try to sneak into the Azadi stadium in Tehran, but are arrested and placed in a waiting area outside of the stadium. They are protected by three young army recruits (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-abadi and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) who express ambivalence about their task, but are committed to following the rules. Women are football enthusiasts, not political activists and applaud Iran's victory, but this does not deter soldiers from stopping them while they wait for the girls to be transported to the Vice Squadron and an uncertain future. <br /> <br /> Speaking openly instead of acting as victims, they continually interrogate soldiers about the reasons behind the restrictions, which makes their absurdity quite obvious. Although they can hear the noise of the crowd, women can not see the action but achieve a minor victory when they persuade one of the soldiers to provide a continuous comment about the game. One of the funniest sequences takes place when a "prisoner" woman is escorted to the men's room by a soldier. The young recruit must face a close disturbance when he must prevent another person from using the facilities while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Little by little, paraphrasing Adlai Stevenson, that's what unites them. to be bigger than what divides them and the implausible antagonists unite behind their country and support the victory that will send Iran to the World Cup. Although the point is pointed early and often and the film leans a bit in the middle, Offside is a blunt point on a society where a political elite with a medieval social mentality has to face a growing group of educated and politically astute citizens . We can only hope that the global pressure and the awakening of its own people will force the ayatollahs to accept the 21st century.
