I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed during a real qualifying match for the 2006 World Cup, Offside works brilliantly as comedy and tragedy. The film follows the fate of a group of young women who are caught trying to sneak into a soccer game at the Azadi Stadium in Tehran. The country's Islamic religious leaders have decreed that women can not sit with men at sporting events, for fear of being exposed to curses and other morally questionable behaviors. This has not stopped the young fans of the country, who continue furtively using various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group that has been captured and is agonizingly stopped near the action. They beg the bored soldiers who protect them to let them go or at least let them see the game. The soldiers tell them that they should not have tried to enter, that they could have seen the game at home on television. They make jokes from one place to another almost in real time while the game continues, just outside the camera. <br /> <br /> There is a very funny sequence in which a young soldier accompanies one of the girls to the bathroom. Since there are no restrooms for women in the stadiums, he has to clean the men's room before he can let him in. In addition, it causes the face to be covered so that no one can see that it is a woman. This is achieved by using a poster of the Iranian soccer star Ali Daei as a mask, with holes for pierced eyes. <br /> <br /> You have the real feeling that even the soldiers are baffled by the ban, and they are only carrying out their orders to speed up the end of their mandatory military service. A soldier complains that he was supposed to be on leave to take care of his family's livestock in the field. Little by little, girls and soldiers talk to each other, and there are numerous small acts of kindness on both sides to show that these are basically good people living in terrible circumstances. However, the soldiers' constant reminder that "the boss" is on the way gives a sense of threat, since we do not know what kind of punishment women will face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films, which are known for their strong images, Offside was filmed in a realistic style without artifice. In fact, the film was made during the actual qualifying match against Bahrain that took place on June 5, 2005. The "plot" was determined in many ways by the result in the field. If Iran won the game, they would qualify. If they lost, they would not. Since the World Cup came and went, I do not think it's a mistake to say that Iran won the game. The scenes of celebration at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, which gave it a true authenticity. Seeing what this meant for the people of Iran was profoundly moving. <br /> <br /> In addition, one of the young women refers to the end of the film to seven fans who died during the match between Iran and Japan on March 25, just a few weeks before. They were trampled to death after police began spraying the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that this was a real life tragedy, he added another level of intensity to the celebrations. <br /> <br /> I do not want to follow a long political tangent, but this film gave me high hopes that there are those from Iran who are waiting for change and working on it. Iran is a nation of young people, and it's only a matter of time before they take the place of their elders in the political sphere. Movies like this show the proud spirit of the Iranian people despite their current difficulties, and I sincerely hope there is a brighter future for them.
