Loopy, but the cunning and formidable boss of the Mafia Vic (an excellent performance by Richard Dreyfuss) is discharged from a psychiatric hospital. Several of Vic's fellows, including the volatile henchman "Brass Balls", Ben London (a gloriously manic and exaggerated hammy portrait of Gabriel Byrne), the dashing Jake Parker (a perfectly smug Kyle MacLachlan) and his vicious rival "Wacky" Jacky Jackson (a spin ordered by Burt Reynolds) all try to hit Vic. Meanwhile, the relaxed and confident hitman Mickey Holliday (very well played with discreet confidence by Jeff Goldblum) is stuck in the middle of all this crazy mortal. The writer / director Larry Bishop brings a highly original, original and original idiosyncratic sensibility to this dark and inexplicably crazy black comedy about treachery, loyalty and ruthless ambition that runs dangerously crazy. The bang-up cast has a field day with the gallery of grotesquely colored rogues of cheerfully amoral and treacherous thugs: Ellen Barkin as the tough and sensual Moll Rita Everly, Henry Silva as the reliable right hand of Vic Sleepy Joe Carisle, Gregory Hines as philosophical the beaten Jules Flamingo, Diane Lane as the sweet and cheerful lover of Vic, Billy Drago as the slug Wells, and Christopher Jones as the brutal artist of the erased Nicholas Falco. Bishop takes full advantage of his juicy supporting role as the lethal and laconic ace As Nick. Billy Idol appears as a violent bully, Michael J. Pollard as the unfortunate Red, Joey Bishop as the mestizo Mr. Gottlieb, Rob Reiner as a cheerful driver, and Richard Pryor as Jimmy the Gravedigger. The delightfully crazy Byrne duet with singer Paul Anka on "My Way" qualifies as a definitive climax. A tense and entertaining Mexican showdown also tickles the hilarious rather hysterical bone. The elegant cinematography of Frank Byers, the extravagantly wacky dialogue, the dazzling music of Earl Rose in the cocktail lounge and a select soundtrack of golden oldies and vintage style, further enhance the attractive and peculiar charm of this immensely fun unique curio in your class.
