Anna (Ursula Andress) is presented as an official R.N. by former lover Benito Varotto (Duilio del Prete), apparently to breastfeed an elderly widower, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), to recover health after a heart attack. But Benito is actually leading a group of heirs and entrepreneurs, including the American businessman Mr. Kitch (Jack Palance), with hidden motives, reflected in what Anna hopes to achieve with the Count. He has a history of, well, he likes women, and actually he would be a little more "vulnerable" as he healed. The bad guys derail when Anna does not advance and get closer to the Count. You could say that the ending is ironic, but probably better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much for the plot: this movie is totally an erotic comedy, from start to finish, and, oh, how good. There are many nude scenes, including those of Anna and Jole, one of the malevolent heiresses, played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are notable ex-continental women, and therefore fulfill the fantasies of male spectators. As she did in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays a fatal woman, although with less elegance. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene is the complete (slow) strip of Anna and the jump in bed with the young people. Adone, the "other patient" (who incredibly resists), in an attempt to find out what he knows about the plot. But even at this point she already has two faces (for the better), since she has decided not to move on. However, Benito is more than twice with women, since he had many adventures in the past with both Anna and Jole, and the best rival erotic scene follows a discussion full of invective (to put it mildly) between him and Jole. This is a standing encounter in which Luciana only has black panties. Another nice one is Ursula swimming completely naked in the pool of the farm. The Count is free, like the client, to put his hands where he wants in Ursula, and he takes advantage of it. Hey, somehow I've gone back to the names of the actresses in my descriptions. Erotic scenes involving other women include a fun chase in a bare cellar. "The Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it does not need to be. It is pleasant without interruptions, from start to finish. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
