I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I think I've never liked anything in what I've seen. The opening scene of this movie confirmed my worst fears. There was Adam Sandler, playing a somewhat ridiculous looking character who was walking around New York City on a motorbike, looking miserable and lost. I thought, typical Sandler type loser character. I almost gave up then and there. But then, as I was left with this, I discovered something I had never known before: Adam Sandler can act! He is truly outstanding in this film as Charlie, a lost and lonely figure, whose entire family (including the dog) was killed in one of the planes hijacked on 9/11 and, as a result, lost all contact with reality. Don Cheadle plays his former roommate in college, who unexpectedly reconnects with Charlie and assumes his mission to help him improve. Of course, Alan Johnson of Cheadle has his own problems and sources of unhappiness, and somehow these two men manage to help each other through their difficulties. The two formed a completely credible team, and Sandler, in particular, made Charlie real, working through his emotions and feelings. This is not a Sandler comedy. If what you are looking for is to go to one of his other silly things. This is a very heavy film, sometimes sad, sometimes hopeful and always absorbing. There are some funny parts in it. I loved the scene in which Charlie convinces Alan to confront his classmates by reminding him how hard he was in college, and then the conversation they both had afterwards. <br /> <br /> Personally I did not think Saffron Burrows added much to the film as Donna, a patient obviously in need of Johnson. The only reason the character seemed (based on a flashback) was that he looked strangely like Charlie's late wife, but that never really developed, and I just did not care much about the character. Look for the part of the judge, however, played by Donald Sutherland, who, in my opinion, nailed the piece at once. However, as far as I'm concerned, this is Sandler's film, and we congratulate him on his great performance. Definitely its best in my opinion. 8/10
