Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist, who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and he has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith and Imani Hakim). He also let his parents stay in his huge apartment in New York City. But somehow, he feels that his life is something empty. A normal day in the city, see your old roommate at the university, Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). That Alan has not seen Charlie in years. When Alan tries to get back into friendship with Charlie. Charlie is a depressed and lonely man, who hides his true feelings from the people who care for him. Since Charlie unexpectedly loses his family in a plane crash, they were on one of the planes of September 11, 2001. When Alan is almost comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions things from his past, Charlie turns violent towards Alan or anyone who mentions his deceased family. Now Alan tries to help Charlie and tries to make his life a little easier for himself. But Alan discovers that making Charlie talk about his true feelings is more difficult than expected. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, The Upside of Anger) he made a wonderfully moving human drama at that time. Of sadness, truth and comedy too. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic performance, which Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than in Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is excellent as always. Pinkett Smith is fine as Alan's support wife, Liv Tyler is also good as a young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows is pretty good as the beautiful and lonely woman, who is in love with Alan. This movie was, unfortunately, a box office disappointment, even though it had some good reviews. The cast is top notch here, the writing and the director are wonderful and the fantastic widescreen cinematography by Russ T. Alsobrook. The film has excellent locations in New York City, which makes New York a beautiful city to see in the picture. <br /> <br /> The DVD has a large widescreen anamorphic transfer (2.35: 1) and a good Dolby Digital 5.1. Surround sound. DVD also an improvisation session with Sandler & Cheadle, a piece, photo montage and previews. I expected more for the features of the DVD, such as a track of audio comments from the director and deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is undoubtedly one of the best films that came out this year. I'm sure, this movie looked great on the big screen. That unfortunately, I have not had the opportunity to see him in a theater. But it is also the kind of movie that plays well on DVD. The movie also has a good soundtrack and has many familiar faces in terms of support roles and bit parts. Even the director has a small part like Byran Sugarman, who is also an actor. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most underestimated images of this year. It is also the best Sandler movie in my taste since "The Wedding Singer". Do not miss it HD Widescreen. (**** 1/2 of *****).
