['Most of those who go to this movie will have an idea of what it is about; A man loses his entire family and even his dog on a flight from Boston that fateful morning of September 11, 2001. What you probably will not know before watching this movie is this: how it would feel; What are you doing with that; And how would that affect you and the way you relate to each waking day? The story unfolds painfully slowly from the door and then heats up nicely as it gains a bit of speed, while the recently renewed relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former college roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) solidifies and begins to take shape. The characters appear in this film, whose presence initially seems mandatory and is not well developed, but in fact, remains with this story, and discovers that the simplicity of each character is what makes this story is credible and accurate. Real people live in a real situation where they can do little, but they step aside while one of them disintegrates. The pain inside Charlie&#39;s soul is subtly evident from the first introduction and grows as we learn more about his character, brilliantly revealed by Sandler, as layers of an onion, one layer at a time with lightness and weight combined . It&#39;s such a subtle performance that it catches you and gets inside your head while you watch it on the screen. Alan Johnson of Cheadle is equally subtle and very Don Cheadle. Always visible, the ease that is evident when Cheadle on the screen speaks of his consummate interpretive skills. Alan&#39;s relationship with Charlie Fineman is delicate in texture, as the situation would require. Fineman does not want friendship, or anyone who meddles in his life of closure and, however, the pleasant quality that Alan has is simple and honest enough to intrigue even an inmate like Charlie. It is Alan who has the task of cautiously opening Charlie&#39;s carefully sealed life. There is inherent danger in the process. The more Alan nudges Charlie to open, going so far as to hire the services of friend and psychologist Angela Oakhurst, (Liv Tyler), the closer is the danger of pushing Charlie to the limit. It is an abyss that Charlie wobbles in every waking moment and one that has learned to navigate through mere denial. He has denied everything that previously existed for him in order to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, your pain is one thing you can not deny. Sandler retreats so deeply into the pain of his character during the development of the story that, when he encounters his demons in front, the viewer shares his pain almost equally. Alan finds himself at Charlie&#39;s side throughout this rigorous process, at the risk of losing his own life in the perfect home, directed with admirable grace and efficiency by his wife Janeane. (Jada Pinkett Smith) While tending to recover from Charlie, Alan looks inward and recognizes his own silent cries at the death of the independence he once had and the child he lost to become a man. His reward for helping Charlie is to help himself reconnect with what he has lost. The subject is very similar to the king fisherman; another story of a man who isolates himself to the point of the madness of pain and loss. Like The Fisher King, the story concludes with the traditional theme, there is someone for everyone. The Lidia Sinclair of Reign Over Me, (played by the wonderful Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) is Donna Remar, (Saffron Burrows), a woman on the verge of crisis and a schematic patient of Johnson, who turns out to be sufficiently unstable to complement Charlie&#39;s borderline madness. It&#39;s a good ending to the story, but the element is likely to be the most likely. On the other hand, maybe there really is someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC']
