On September 11, 2001, millions were murdered; but 2,819 lives ended in an especially frightening way. They were victims of hijacking planes by extremists whose only mission was to destroy buildings, but, more importantly, people. This film analyzes in depth four people whose lives were interrupted by this disastrous event and a man whose life was shattered by the loss of their lives. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist who lives in New York, loses his wife and three children on September 11 while on their way to Los Angeles. Emotionally annihilated by events, he eventually loses contact with all those who remind him of his previous life; including his in-laws and his best friend (played, respectively, by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender). Go into denial completely and do everything possible to forget your previous life. This continues until he meets his old college friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) that Fineman does not seem to remember. The two begin to catch up, but Fineman believes that Johnson was sent by people from his previous life to persuade him to seek help. Slowly, but surely, Fineman regains his confidence in Johnson. <br /> <br /> While all this is happening, Alan Johnson's life is going the wrong way. It is a self-man (dentist) that helps to start a dental practice. One day, a patient of his called Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) tries to make a move towards him, telling him that he would like to have oral sex with him. This is an unwelcome surprise for Dr. Johnson, since he is a married man with two children. When he returns home from work on a particular workday, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to stop him. He does not succeed, but he has another chance and convinces Fineman to come and have a coffee with him to catch up, even though Fineman does not know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting. Things in this movie is his use of music as a motive. One of Fineman's physiological crutches is music, especially Springsteen and other classical rock artists. When Fineman is asked to open up about his past or to talk about things he finds unpleasant, he puts on his headphones and chokes the world with things from his music. <br /> <br /> When the movie ended, I had Thinking: how could I cope with the loss of my family? How would I deal with such a tragic event? It's something we do not really think about too often. We always think that they will be there and that we often take them for granted, whether we intend it or not. In general, we realize how important they are when it is too late; and a blow like that can destroy someone physically, emotionally and physiologically. I really do not know how I could deal with something like that. Will I face the problem head on, will I face and move on with my life or will I put on my headphones and block the world?
