Again and again, it seems that Hollywood comedians surprise me with their talent as a playwright: first was Robin Williams ('One Hour Photo (2002)'), then Jim Carrey ('Eternal Sunshine? (2004) 'being an example}, then Will Ferrell {' Stranger than Fiction (2006) '} and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's absolutely right: the guy who has based his whole career on making silent and meaningless comedies I'm not complaining; I've always been a fanatic} he has finally given me a performance that he can be proud of. Of course, some readers may be wondering what happened to 'Punch-Drunk Love (2002)', but I can only assure you that it's a movie I'm taking action to see as soon as possible, since I've heard it's great. My first film by director Mike Binder, 'Reign Over Me', is an intelligent and respectful exploration of grief and friendship. Although it occasionally gets into too familiar territory, the plot is somewhat predictable and surprisingly profound and moving, with Sandler and Don Cheadle offering memorable performances. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although he is unable to communicate adequately with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and that is why his marriage is a bit unstable. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's former roommate, a man who lost his entire family in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and who still faces his overwhelming feelings of pain. A disheveled figure with messy hair and downcast eyes (often compared in appearance with Bob Dylan), Charlie abandoned his career in dentistry and spends his time in solitude: listening to music with headphones that cut all the sound of the outside world, driving. around Manhattan on his motorized scooter, immersing himself in fantastic video games and repeatedly redecorating the kitchen of his apartment according to the final wishes of his late wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in years, the latter does not even recognize an old friend, having completely abandoned any memory before his experience that has paralyzed his life. In fact, at first he does not even recognize the existence of his family, and suddenly loses his temper when someone suggests he seek advice. <br /> <br /> Initially, it may seem a bit of an exploiter for filmmakers. Using the September 11 attacks as a narrative device. After all, would not it be so devastating if Charlie's family had died in a normal, everyday car accident? However, if you consider that the director's intention was to demonstrate the enormous pain caused to ordinary citizens by the tragedy, 'Reign Over Me' does a very good job. It is easy to get so caught up in nonsense statistics that you neglect the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; This is the first film oriented to 9/11 that I have seen that really deals with the suffering of those who were not even involved, whose only anguish was caused by the loss of those they loved. Adam Sandler shows surprising range in a difficult role, one that would have collapsed into pieces if he had not lived up to the task. Instantly, between joy, anger and depression, Charlie Fineman is a man with whom we can deeply sympathize, a hollow soul who, thanks to the company of an old friend, can finally glimpse the light at the end of a dark and gloomy tunnel.
