There may be spoilers! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy (the terrorist attacks of September 11), still laments his deaths. He meets his former roommate at the university, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two rekindle their friendship. Alan agrees to help his old friend accept the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of Reign Over Me. <br /> <br /> However, this film is a story of how fate intercedes in our lives when we ourselves can be powerless and do something about our own states of being. Alan is caught up in a life he knows he is no longer fulfilling. He feels without friends and out of touch with his own reality. He can not communicate with his wife and colleagues at work. He can not express his feelings and, as a result, he feels lost and distant from his own world. He risks Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving from his job. Finally, he finds himself and discovers that Charlie, (who originally does not remember Alan), lives in a false reality of his own. Charlie has returned to a time in his life where he had no family. Live as if you were still a student playing in a rock band, collecting vinyl records from the bands of the 60s and 70s, and playing video games. He has escaped a better and safer moment in his life in which there are no bad ones and he has much less to lose. Everyone in this movie is affected in some way by the tragedy that has affected Charlie and his referral to a previously different and better place (?). Your landlady is your protector and great facilitator. His in-laws are taken from his life because they would take him back to the reality that his family has now gone out of his life. And Alan is more affected by him because Alan wants, (at first a selfish desire to escape from his own reality) to be with Charlie as a means to steal himself from his own repressed reality and then wants to find a way to help to Charlie to begin to recover from his self-induced guilt and denial of loss. It is through this relationship that Charlie not only can begin to heal himself but, in fact, Alan learns to communicate and announce his true desires with his colleagues at work and, eventually, can admit to his wife that he has no I was able to communicate her true feelings but that he wants to do it because he loves her. In fact, it is a moving moment in the movie when things have hit the fanatic and Charlie is faced with the reality of being left out and he and Alan are talking about the situation together for "Chinese". Charlie says he's in fact worried about Alan and not himself. <br /> <br /> This movie, if you leave it, will take you through a river of emotions and leave you thinking. It will make you laugh at how Charlie uses his words, as people do in everyday life, to make a comical statement about a real situation. It will leave you on the verge of tears (in my case, real tears), when Charlie faces his pain and begins to face his tremendous loss. And that, in fact, the tragic reality is that his guilt and loss never really left him, and he solved it in the only way he knew: denial. It will make you curse the cold, unthinking actions of a young prosecutor trying to win his "case" (as I did in Charlie's hearing). And it will make you smile at the common sense of an old and wise stern judge. (Donald Sutherland is excellent in his short and distinct role and provides the best performance of a wise and stern person in the legal profession since Wilford Brimley played an Assistant Attorney General in Absence of Malice). <br /> <br /> This movie also surprised me for other reasons: (1) I never looked at my watch once during the screening of the film. Which means that he had me from the beginning to the end, (2) Although the cast was interracial, this fact was not important for the interpretation of the roles of the characters in the film. Race was not a factor in the performance of roles in this film. Amazing people can really interact without this fact being revealed! and (3) the only real reference to 9/11 is when Charlie's financial lawyer refers to the tragedy of losing Charlie as "what Charlie had become on 9/12." Time will be the true test of how this film will be highlighted in the future, but if the purpose of a film is not only to entertain, but to make one think and make that film stay with you long after you leave the cinema, then Reign Over Me had a phenomenal success as far as I'm concerned. I still have not forgotten this wonderful movie that makes me think and I will wait impatiently the day I can buy it as a DVD.
