Love Hurts. That, I think, is the main message conveyed by Mike Binder's most recent film, Reign Over Me. If that love has caused your relationship to stagnate, or that has provoked the wrath of the person you love cheating for years, or who has broken your heart to the point of not being able to open up to the world, love hurts. The good thing about this film, however, is not in its representation of these lost souls who try to let go of their past desolations, but in the eventual resumption of new ties for the future. No one in this drama is perfect; to some degree, everyone is emotionally trapped in relationships that can not be released alone. There's some heavy stuff here and I give Binder credit for never making the story a political diatribe, but rather, infusing the serious moments with some really nice comic bits that allow the story to be based on characters and be small compared to the epic. event that looms over the head. What could have become a trite vehicle for opinions about how it affected us on September 11, ends up being a story about two men and a connection they share, which is the only thing that can save their lives from a life of depression and regret . br /> <br /> This is a new career presentation for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director, Paul Thomas Anderson, was the first to see the childish and suppressed anger in his stupid comedies as something to use dramatically. The youth of a character like Billy Madison allows laughter and humor, but it can also be used to show a repressed, shy and silent man to the world around him: a man without confidence who needs an event of compassion to break it. of its shell. Anderson allowed Sandler to do that in his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder has taken it a step further. Sandler plays former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the planes that toppled the World Trade Center on 9-11. That moment crushed any life he had and, as a result, he became lonely and began to believe that he could not remember anything that happened before that day. He really delivers a poignant portrait of a man who tries to keep the farce in his head while those around him, those who love him, try to open it to the reality of what happened and what the future holds. Always on the edge and ready to break at any moment when something is mentioned to awaken the memory of your deceased family, travel through your life with your iPod and your headphones, turning everything off so as not to be tempted, remember. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me is not about Charlie Fineman, it's about the dentist and family man Alan Johnson. A man who has been trapped in a marriage and dental practice that has been stuck in monotony, Johnson needs as much help in his life as his old roommate in college, Charlie. Played perfectly by the always brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson has lost his spine to try to change his life. He has no friends and when he sees Charlie, by chance, one day, his life evolves into something he has not felt in 15 years. He revels in the opportunity to date an old friend, no matter how much he has changed since the death of his family. The character of Cheadle wants to go back to college days to hang out and Sandler does not care because that was before he met his wife. The two men get what they want and allow themselves to grow close despite the years of loneliness that used to rule their lives. However, once they begin to open up, it is inevitable that the theme of the tragedy will drag and test the facade they have created for themselves. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast does an amazing job helping keep up appearances for the two derivations Jada Pinkett Smith has never been an actress who impressed me and throughout the film she played the wife very well, but she is his final scene on the phone with Cheadle that really showed me something different and true. Liv Tyler is a bit out of her element as a psychiatrist, but the film calls this fact and makes the casting perfect. The many small cameos are also effective, including the role of writer / director Mike Binder as Sandler's old best friend and accountant (my only complaint here is why he feels the need to put his name on the first credits as an actor when he's in everywhere, considering it's his movie). Last but not the least is the beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a great actress and plays the divorcee in love trying to reconstruct her life beautifully. A role that seems a comic relief at the beginning, but that ends up being an integral aspect for what is to come. <br /> <br /> Binder has created one of the best studies of dramatic characters I've seen in a long time. The direction is almost perfect, (the blurring between the cuts and the characters in the foreground / background really bothered me at first), the act of acting excellently and the story true to itself, never takes the easy way nor It is wrapped with a neat bow tied to the conclusion. Even the music was fantastic and was used to improve, not to address us emotionally (why, after two great uses of The Who's title track, Binder felt the need to use the Eddie Veddar remake for the end, I do not know, but unfortunately it stood out for me). Reign Over Me is a film about love and how, although it can cause the worst pain imaginable, it can also save us from repentance and allow us to see the world again as a place of beauty and hope.
