This film was screened last night at the Paramount Theater in Austin as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were pleased by the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, who answered questions from the audience after the movie. It is an extraordinary and powerful film about what it is like to get lost and start finding your way back. The performances are phenomenal and the story manages to be tragic and funny in a way that is very rare. (The trailer of the film is too much to emphasize the comic aspects). <br /> <br /> This is an important role for Adam Sandler. While he has begun to make the transition to more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is an important step forward for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination while continuing the transition to more dramatic roles as did Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey. In this role, he seemed to be trying to channel Dustin Hoffman into Rain Man. Although playing an autistic man is certainly very different from Sandler's traumatized character, both characters, for different reasons, are trapped in their own world of isolation and childish confusion. <br /> <br /> Don Cheadle's performance is less surprising, but simply so good. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we have waited for notable nuanced performances by Cheadle. He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that are presented in this paper. But he is also broken and struggling, if not in ways as deep as Sandler's character. Cheadle is struggling with difficulties both in his marriage and in his professional life as a dentist. Together, the characters played by Cheadle and Sandler struggle to heal each other the way real friends do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They are both looking for that part of themselves that they have lost and trying to find again. <br /> <br /> Reign over Me is one of the best major studio films to be released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character in the plot, is wonderful. The filming in the streets of New York, a city that suffered a great tragedy and that also had to be cured, is also quite beautiful. The supporting roles of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder himself are all pretty good. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Mike Binder has really fulfilled history with which many will be able to connect on numerous levels. This is a story about pain, family, healing, male friendship, mental health and the meaning of love. Reign over me does not disappoint. The movie is almost hypnotic, since it takes you to the life of its characters. Hollywood would have a much better reputation if I made more lovely movies based on characters like Reign over Me.
