Are you sure everyone is familiar with the most famous stories? A man with a heart without a heart is visited by the ghost of his dead partner on Christmas Eve and warns him that if he continues with his carefree manners, he will be condemned to a life after death with chains. In order to avoid the fate of his companion, he is visited by three spirits who show him visions of the past, present and future Christmases, so that he can see the error of his forms before it is too late. One might think that it is a pretty morbid story, but it is the classic Charles Dickens, and also one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the definitive version of Dickens's timeless history. ; He's the one I always remember seeing in school, and I remember he terrified me! The ghost of Jacob Marley, the final scene with the ghost of the Christmas gift under the bridge, and the ghost of Christmas still to come, especially I found it very scary. How on earth did the movie win the 'U' certificate? (For readers who do not belong to the United Kingdom, 'U' is the lowest rating, means friendly to the family and children welcome, nothing to scare them, etc. However, this is not the case, as some more children little ones will undoubtedly find the final segment positively frightening with the gloomy specter of the future Christmas. <br /> <br /> Be that as it may, of the many versions of this classic story that I have seen adapted for the cinema, this is possibly the most faithful to the book, in particular, a segment that is rarely seen in the cinematographic adaptations of the original text: that of the ghost of the Christmas gift that shows Scrooge to the two children hidden under his tunic (he would never get away with it). a scene like this today!) Children represent ignorance and need (although they change Want in this movie). <br /> <br /> However, the criticisms for me become evident as I have seen it again with eyes more obj Ethical and trained, the main one of which is George C. The Scott representation of Scrooge seems simply not cold enough. He laughs too much. I do not want to use the word gay because, of course, Ebeneezer is anything, but he seems to be just a grumpy old man, instead of the positively cruel, cold and indifferent man that is in the book and other movies. Patrick Stewart interpreted it in an excellent way in one of the most recent filmed versions, and Michael Caine, in spite of acting next to the Muppets, was frankly cold. In addition, the development of the character throughout the film as he learns more about the error of his forms and grows towards redemption is not convincing and seems inconsistent. It seems that he has changed little the moment he reaches the last lesson of the third spirit. <br /> <br /> But ignoring this (albeit larger) objection, it's still a fascinating and, ultimately, moving Christmas story, like everything. Christmas movies should be. London, of course, looks like the picturesque, picturesque, snow-covered English town that many Americans probably imagine it still is (the truth is that even at that time London was gray and dirty, and any snow would have never been so white !) And everyone is also impeccably dressed, even the poor look pretty neat. But, of course, it's a Christmas movie, why should not everything look good? Perfect to see the holiday season; Along with the copies of It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street and The Snowman, you have everything you need.
