This modern black cinema, with its incomparable humor and its vertiginous succession of twists of plot, offers a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and an excellent entertainment from beginning to end. It is impossible not to have empathy with the honest and unpretentious hero, nor to feel trapped by the ways in which he tries to get out of the terrible problems he is in, so all he can do is fasten his seatbelt and enjoy the ride . <br /> <br /> The story of a common man who makes a bad decision and then discovers that the repercussions drive him towards an uncontrollable sequence of events from which he can not free himself, is pure black cinema. The same applies to the issues of murder, deception, corruption and duplicity that are widespread throughout the process. Many of the familiar noir visual motifs are also present, such as the way cigarette smoke is lit, roads soaked by rain at night, very dark interiors and shadow lines (created by shutter doors) in the face of people. <Br /> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a war veteran injured without money or work, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming and is mistaken for the owner Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) with a murderer he is willing to hire to kill his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, a naturally reticent person, does nothing to dissuade Wayne from his lack of understanding, especially because he could use a job and at first does not realize what he is expected to do. After being informed of his mission and given an advance of $ 5,000, he goes to see Suzanne and warns her about Wayne's plan. She does not seem too worried about the danger she is in and offers Michael double the rate Wayne had offered her, so he would eliminate her husband. <br /> <br /> Michael decides to take the money he received from both parties and leave the city. However, his plan fails, when he accidentally drives a man who is standing in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital to receive treatment for his injuries. In the hospital, things get more complicated when it appears that the patient is Suzanne's lover and that she has two bullets in her stomach. This leads to local law enforcement getting involved and revealing that Wayne is the Sheriff! From this moment, things get complicated and become more dangerous, especially when the real hit man, Lyle Dallas (Dennis Hopper) arrives on the scene. <br /> <br /> "Red Rock West" has a great Moments of suspense (an example of this is the scene where Michael escapes from Wayne's bar) and also some great performances from his very strong cast. Nicolas Cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing, as he reacts to a variety of situations with anxiety, surprise or uncertainty, and J T Walsh is also particularly good as a deceptive character who always hides more than he actually says. Dennis Hopper is an intense threat as the vicious hit man (a role he plays with great enthusiasm) and Lara Flynn Boyle looks appropriately cold and calculating like the femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also provides good support and moments of humor in his role as a trucker as a truck driver with no sense. <br /> <br /> Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally meant to be denied a general movie premiere, but he's right. It emerged from its modest beginnings to be finally recognized as the great movie it really is.
