"Red Rock West", a charming old-fashioned thriller that unfolds as a cross between Alfred Hitchcock and David Lynch, follows the misadventures of wounded veteran wounded oil tanker Mr. N.Cage as his luck changes from bad to worse after it ends with an empty gas tank and barely enough money for a cup of coffee in a city in the back of beyond. It has been established from the beginning that Mr. Cage could be down but he is not out, and that he could be broken but he will not steal, even in his current extreme circumstances. Accordingly, when Mr. J.T. it confuses him. Walsh, for the man who ordered him to murder his wife, Mr. Cage asks the wife to warn her about her husband's intentions. In turn, she, in the person of Miss LB Boyle, offers him even more money to murder Mr. Walsh. He decides to leave while he is still at the front, but while driving out of town, he hits a man on the road. No matter how hard he tries to drive, he takes the man to the hospital, where he is shot. Mr. Cage is arrested by the Deputies who call the sheriff who turns out to be Mr. JTWalsh. The events take an even more complicated turn when, when escaping from custody, Mr. Cage narrowly avoids the fact of being run over by the real hit man on his way to fulfill his commission. At this time, you may be forgiven for thinking "enough is enough", but as it happens on the screen, it seems a completely logical turn of events, the narrative flow of the film at this point seems unstoppable. Mr. D. Hopper is presented comfortably as the hit man, like Mr. Cage, a veteran of the USMC. This little piece of serenity keeps Mr. Cage alive long enough for the murderous trio to survive, a little more battered but still without compromise. It is a tribute to all those involved that what sounds on paper in a remarkable way as nonsense is actually a tense image, exceptionally well done, with excellent performances throughout the year. "Red Rock West" is a movie for movie lovers. In five minutes, you know that you are going to go to a place where you have been many times before, but you will feel very happy during the trip.
