What we have here is a very good little nineties thriller that, although perhaps lacking in substance, is still a great entertainment throughout its execution time and, in general, does everything you could want for a movie of this nature. I saw this movie mainly because it was directed by John Dahl, a very underestimated director behind great thrillers like The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I thought that if this movie was up to what I had seen from the director, it would be worth watching, and Red Rock West is certainly a film that Dahl can be proud of. The plot focuses on the excessively moral Michael; A man who travels across America looking for work. He ends up finding it one day when he runs into a bar in Red Rock County. The only downside is that the job is to murder a man's wife. They have confused him with a murderer named Lyle, but instead of doing the work; He plays both sides against each other and eventually plans to make a break. However, his attempts to escape are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle appears ... <br /> <br /> It seems that John Dahl enjoys putting thrillers on the road; He did it three years before with Kill Me Again, and again almost a decade after this movie with Roadkill. It's not hard to see why Dahl chooses this type of location because it provides a fabulous environment for a thriller like this. Dahl also provides his film with an atmosphere of "black cinema", since the plot focuses mainly on the central character and the word in which it is found is full of dark and mysterious characters. The acting is largely very good, with Nicholas Cage doing an excellent job in the lead role, and getting the class A support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and, of course, Dennis Hopper; that once again controls the screen with its superior performance. It must be said that the second half of the film is not as exciting as the first, but Red Rock West is certainly never boring and the way Dahl organizes the grand finale is excellent, since all the central characters become part of it. In general, Red Rock West is a movie that you are unlikely to see. It's exciting in everything and you can not ask for much more than that.
