Ealing Studios, a television and film production company based in West London, claims to be the oldest film studio in the world. Although he has been constantly producing movies and television shows since the 1930s, his golden age was undoubtedly between 1948 and 1955, when he produced a series of comedy masterpieces, many of them starring the great Alec Guinness Such well-known titles include 'Whiskey Galore! (1949), '' Passport to Pimlico (1949), 'Hearts and crowns (1949),' La mafia de la lavender hill (1951), 'The titfield Thunderbolt (1953)' and 'The Ladykillers (1955). 'One of Ealing Studio's most beloved films,' The Man in the White Suit ', premiered in 1951 and starred Alec Guiness as Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who designs an extraordinary fabric, an invention that unexpectedly makes him more enemies What friends. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and unappreciated, but has scientific talent in great abundance. Due to his low qualification, the only jobs he can get are as a janitor or worker in any of the large textile factories, where he performs his own experiments in secret using the money and the company's equipment. After being discovered and expelled on innumerable occasions, Sidney is convinced that he is only a few weeks away from a transcendental scientific discovery that will revolutionize the textile industry. Encouraged by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the owner of the textile factory Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker) is very interested in the exploits of Sidney and agrees to finance any additional work. After numerous failed attempts and quite a few devastating explosions, Sidney finally reveals his incredible creation: a white cloth almost luminous that never gets dirty and never wears out. <br /> <br /> If Sidney thought his invention would make him a hero, then he was deeply disappointed. The almighty bosses of the textile industry, led by the fragile Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), come together to ensure that the revolutionary invention, which could completely paralyze their business, never reaches large-scale production. In the same way, the humble workers of the workers union hear about the creation of Sidney and also propose to erase it from existence, fearing for their jobs. However, the inventor is convinced that the durable fabric will bring relief and happiness to many, and refuses to yield to the demand of others, despite being threatened with violence and offered 250,000 pounds in compensation. Throughout all his problems to announce his invention to the media, only one person offers Sidney his complete sympathy and support, the daughter of Birnley, Daphne, who is engaged to marry someone else, but falls in love with Sidney's difficult situation anyway. <br /> <br /> 'The man in the white suit' is an intelligent and hilarious comedy, made great by an ingenious script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and a peculiar and charismatic interpretation of a inimitable Alec Guinness. There are also some good character coups in capitalism, and how large industries can delay progress for the sake of their own monetary situations, although we can certainly see the arguments for both sides of the debate.
