Often labeled a comedy, the man in the white suit presents much more than a laugh here and there. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is an eccentric inventor who does not have the opportunity to flourish his inventions in The World, because nobody pays attention to him, he is simply the strange man working on the place. After arriving at Birnley's textile factory, he uses his laboratory to achieve his goal of inventing a fabric that not only wears away, but never needs to be cleaned. At first a genius is proclaimed and those who ignored it at first suddenly want a large part of it, but then the omens of a bankrupt industry pokes its head and the acclamation quickly becomes something much more terrifying. <br /> Yes, the movie is very funny, in fact, some scenes are very funny, but it is the satirical edge of the film that raises it above normal for me. The contradictions about the advent of technology are a crucial issue here. Do we want inventions that save us fortunes by closing industries? You just have to see what happened to the coal industry in Britain to know what I'm talking about. The decade in which the film was made is a crucial point to highlight, the manufacture of nuclear weapons became more than just a rumor, science progressed to terribly new proportions. Watch this movie and see the rapid turn of events for the main character Stanley, from hero to enemy in one fell swoop, victim of his own quest for better humanity! It's so dark that the movie should have been called The Man In The Black Suit. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I can not find anything wrong with this movie, the screenplay by Roger MacDougall, John Dighton and director Alex Mackendrick could be filmed today and it would not be out of place, as is the sharpness and thought that has the mind. The sound and the configuration are tremendous, the direction is perfect, with the change of tone handled skillfully by Mackendrick. Some of the scenes are simply marvelous, one in particular pulls at the strings of the heart and makes us think of a certain scene in David Lynch's Elephant Man some 29 years later, and yet, after a deceleration of events, the film still manages to make a decision. He blinks as the genius who is Alec Guinness closes the film so that the audience reflects not only on Stanley's future, but also on the rest of us in this rapidly advancing world. <br /> <br /> An eternal masterpiece, Thematically and as a work of art, 10/10.
