In my opinion, the best of Ealing comedies and one of my favorite movies of all time. The Workers theme v. Management (with many comments on unions and rights) may come out a bit of the movie now, since it is no longer a subject that is discussed a lot, but that does not prevent "White Suit" is a show that stops the classic. . <br /> <br /> The plot, about a man trying to create a new revolutionary fabric that ends up causing confusion in the textile industry, does not sound exciting when it is written, but the film retains that essential spark of fantasy mixed with the reality that marks it as a true Ealing comedy. The fabric repels dirt and can never wear out! The titular white suit worn by Alec Guinness during the second half becomes the centerpiece of several iconic images and sequences, such as the fact that Guinness is able to use its indestructible thread to climb a transparent wall! The script itself is full of dry wit: "Is it okay?" "Yes." "Pity." - And the characterization is first level. I am always amazed by the wonderful direction in these films as well. The comedies of later times would adopt a "point the camera at the actors and let it roll" mentality, but Ealing films always tried interesting lights, angles and innovations. This movie is not an exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is the cast that elevates the material to vertiginous heights. Alec Guinness offers incredibly simple performance, with eyes that convey amazement, joy and a crushing defeat when history demands it. Stratton is a man oblivious to everything except his work. Such an insular character may have quickly become boring or irritating, but Guinness makes it endearing effortlessly, so much so that the final stages of the film generate a real sense of urgency when Stratton tries to get ahead in a world that wants to bury everything. He has worked for him. Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles and it's a delight to see him as usual, as he has been stunned by Cecil Parker and viscous Michael Gough; Everyone laughs without even trying. It is comical the British underestimation in its maximum expression. <br /> <br /> "The man in the white suit" is 81 minutes of absolute brightness, with a great plot, a great cast, a brilliant wit and a healthy appearance of cynicism. Absolutely top notch.
