One of the things that makes this Ealing comedy so incredibly fun is smart editing. The shots that would be considered absolutely essential for most modern comedies are deliberately omitted. (This is what was known as British underestimation). <br /> <br /> Three instances: a comic fight is edited like this. Alec Guiness has invented a new fabric that will ruin the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invite him to his office to try to sign a contract that renounces his control of the web so that production can be suppressed. When he realizes this, Guiness gets up and turns to walk towards the door. Two men block his way. "Excuse me," he says softly, stepping forward. The two men move between Guiness and the camera. Cut. A secretary is sitting outside at her desk. There is silence until the doorbell begins to point frantically. He picks up his notebook and opens the door to the inner office where there is a noisy, full-fledged Donnybrook, and the room is half-destroyed. Guiness runs out the open door. <br /> <br /> The following example would be unthinkable today. During the research phase of his invention, Guiness installs an elaborate chemical device, but instead of converting the experimental liquid into the new fabric, the device explodes. Again and again it explodes. The laboratory is free of all other work. The explosions continue. The roofs fall. The windows are fused. The research director is sitting at his desk in a small office full of debris, with a bandage on his head. When the door behind him opens, he jumps one foot into the air. "Sit down," he tells his visitor, "there is another at any time." It's terribly funny, and there's not a single shot of explosions. This would be unimaginable now without a fireball, and maybe a building collapsed in slow motion. <br /> <br /> Last example, which consists of a series of fast and relentless cuts, assembled with precision. Guiness is being chased and cornered in the lobby of an office building by people who want him to sign the contract. In front of two men about to deal with him, Guiness recoils with a determined expression. It hits a pedestal with an iron bust. The bust falls backwards and hits the wall. There is a shot that lasts about a second of the bust hitting the wall. Another brief shot of a metal shield hanging over the bust came loose and fell. Quick cut to the head of Guiness rising in the frame. Cut to the two men staring at the camera while they hear horrible brass knocks and muffled sounds on the screen. Cut to Guiness flat on his back. Nobody today would have the balls to NOT show Guiness being crowned by that shield. <br /> <br /> I will not continue with this. It is a good comedy, but rather bitter under all the hilarity. By solving a set of problems, Guiness has created dozens of others. He opposes both management and work, none of which is shown to great advantage. And, of course, the economic implications have more to do with the fabric. "What about that car that runs on the water with a bit of something or another?" one of the workers asks. "Acquired interests," says another worker, while Thorstein Veblen nods his head in his grave. What would happen if our problems with energy were resolved overnight? If I had Exxon shares, and I think so, I would shudder at the idea. Where would the oil industry be if there was no more need for oil? In that case, where would the police and the FBI be if the crime suddenly disappeared? This is a thoughtful and very funny movie, superbly directed and edited. The list of artists is incomparable. Joanne Greenwood with that husky voice. The blind Cecil Parker. The mummified gasps of Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> A first class work in all aspects.
