THE MAN IN THE WHITE SUIT, as I AM ALL JACK RIGHT, has a dim view of both work and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius, but an eccentric one (he never got his university degree due to a ... mistake ... accident in a university laboratory). He manages to push himself in several industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the film begins, he is in the company of Michael Gough, and Gough (at a memorable moment) is trying to impress his future father-in-law (Cecil Parker) by showing him the ship-shaped company he runs. While having lunch with Parker and Parker's daughter (Joan Greenwood), Gough receives a message about some problems related to the unexpectedly big budget problems of the laboratory. He reads the huge expenses (due to the Guinness experiments) and chokes on his coffee. <br /> <br /> Guinness works at Parker's firm and repeats the same tricks he did with Gough, but Parker also discovers it. . Greenwood discovered what Guinness is working on and convinces Parker to continue with the experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistant have apparently discovered how to make an artificial fiber that can constantly change electronic links within its molecular structure so that (for all purposes) the fiber remains intact forever. Any textile made with it will never fade, get dirty or wear out, it will last forever. <br /> <br /> Guinness has the support of a shop steward, but not your boss. He sees Guinness selling to the rich. But when he explains what he has done, they turn against him. If everyone has clothes that will last forever, then they will not need new clothes! Soon, fellow textile moguls Parkers (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger, in a wonderful performance, and Howard Marion-Crawford) are equally terrified of what can end their business. They seek to suppress the invention. With only Greenwood in his corner (although Parker sympathizes with him), Guinness tries to bring the news of his discovery to the public. <br /> <br /> In the end, Guinness is defeated by science and greed. . But the movie ends when you see the error in your calculations, and we assume that one day you can still carry out your discovery. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant comedy. But is the argument for suppression valid? At a given moment, the difficulties in making the fabric are shown (the threads must be heated to a high temperature so that the ends of the material can be joined in. There is nothing to show that the fabric will stretch if the owner gets fat (or contract if the owner loses weight, should we believe that people would only want a set of clothes forever? What happened to the changes in fashion and new styles? And the fabric is only made in white (which makes Guinness look like a white) gentleman.) We are told that the dye should be added earlier in the process, would not that have an effect on the chemical reactions that maintain the structure of the fabric? <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this does not As a scientific article, but a film about the hypocrisies of work and capital in modern industry, as such, it is brilliant, but those questions that I mention continue to bother me about the validity of suppressing Guinness's invention.
