"Deliverance" is a clear example of what came out of the wonderful movies of the 70s. While you drop your jaw during a "Terminator" movie, are you really sacred? I do not think so, because you're there to see what new CGIs have come together, the plot does not matter. <br /> <br /> Many daily situations can be frightening for no reason, because there are so many people involved in daily life, such as a trip to the market ... or a walk in a street with little light. The "liberation" is SO frightening, because those innocent actions can become deadly in the blink of an eye. Venturing in the woods is a fun party. Anyone with that notion does not read the newspapers, watch the daily news, or have seen some of the other films that represent the seriousness of "entering without authorization" in territories where strangers are not welcome. It is almost incredible that the advanced dish in "Deliverance" did not inform almost everyone who would see it, it was not a picnic, and "squeak like a pig" was not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <br /> I hate the term "Hillbillies", because, as some "users" wrote, that means whole regions of people who are very happy to live as they know, without the interference of modern life. Much is made of "consanguinity", which is not the sexuality of forests. "Chinatown" should teach us that lesson. However, the citizens of the city are extremely stupid to enter a closed society and give them an attitude. I know many "thieves of the hill": they are moral people, when they are left alone. Their "justice" can be brutal when they feel threatened or humiliated, as is "justice" in the streets of the city. They do not need any part of the city, the city should take their canoe and camp to legal sites. <br /> <br /> "Deliverance" was the last movie I found Jon Voight to really act. I hope to be wrong. He received a very low compensation for "Midnight Cowboy", because he was unknown, but he showed that he could play that role in the blink of an eye. His performance in "Deliverance" was excellent. It gave us a clear demonstration that ordinary people can move mountains, if necessary, but who wants to be considered "common" today? His choked sob at dinner was brilliant. Woohoo! for Burt Reynolds !!! One must ask what brought him to those other movies in bad taste. His virility, although wrong, in this film marked the rhythm of the resistance necessary to leave the desert, not only in the forests, but in the desert of everyday life. Ned Beatty was stellar: it is possible that his underwear did not have "Versace" stitched, but his shock performance was perfect. As noted, he became stronger than anyone in the group at the end of the movie. Ronny Cox played the moral type to the brim: every man must have his determination to do the right thing. Several "users" have theorized that he was shot or lost his balance when he threw himself into the river. My theory is that he was so upset with the entire trip that he committed suicide. No shot was heard during the scene and Voight and Beatty did not find any injuries. <br /> <br /> James Dicey certainly knows how to weave a suspense story, and he was great as the sheriff, it is said he was so terrified. Acting came to the drunken set every day. His character could see that the three cano-r were guilty of surviving, but he also knew that they had no chance against a jury of the local people, no matter how kindly they were treated in "Aintry". He was also aware that the worst villager could be cruel. Justice? - "Do not come here again." Not many "users" knew that "Hillbillies" were used in the movie where possible. Which actors could represent them better? The "men of the mountain" WERE in fact men of the mountain ....... <br /> <br /> All the details of this film were perfect, it was certainly dangerous to play. To play? Better "fight for your life". I have experienced some almost dangerous incidents, and I am happy to live outside the fray: you who feel that your manhood is at its peak can have my part. <br /> <br /> That we have absolutely killed, and continue to do so, irreplaceable areas of this country in undeniable. Being able to see their greatness in any medium is fascinating, but leaves a bitter taste when realizing that some do not care. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it is integrated into the territories of wild animals, and firmly believes that humans come before animals. These are your legitimate habitats, we should leave them like this. Any questions about why coyotes, bears and wolves roam the neighborhoods? Are theirs. <br /> <br /> In some less threatening way, we all need to experience the lessons that can be learned from "Liberation": understanding our technological advance does not lead to supremacy. I thank all those who are fans of the city who went out into the desert to produce this modern classic, so that I can be scared when I see it. You can have the emotion of danger, I stay with the television. 30 of 10
