Deliverance is the horror / suspense film by John Boorman, from 1972, about a group of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox), who embark on a canoe trip down the Cahulawassee River before of the river being dammed. On the way, a raft (without pun) of unpleasant things happens to men. Despite the unpleasant events in this image, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river very well. The location was really well chosen. In fact, this would be a very nice movie to watch, if the canoe trip had been carried out without problems. The lush forests and the soft landscape only make the horror more horrible. The location is not only scenic, it is also very well shot thanks to the cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that the performance of Burt Reynolds as the outdoor man, Lewis, is the starring role in this film. However, I think Jon Voight steals the show with his role as the man of the suburban family, Ed, who is forced to change his behavior to survive. In fact, the scene in which the cliff climbs was not a double. It was Voight himself. To reduce costs, filming was not assured and the actors did their own tricks. The soundtrack is particularly remarkable. The performance of Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel on guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos sequence continues to be one of the most impressive pieces in the soundtrack of film history due to the great intensity of their performance. In a couple of other points of the film, they invite us to listen to softer banjo music that provides a very pleasant accompaniment for the trip down the river. For all the positive points of this film, I found it a bit lacking in purpose. . It does not generate suspense very well and is not really as frightening as they have made us believe. The plot itself is somewhat poor and really does not go anywhere. However, this movie has enough good points to get my recommendation. I liked it, but for gore fans, there really is not much of that. None really, in fact. It's not so much a horror movie as an adventure movie that gets a bit bitter. Think of it as Rambo: First Blood meets three men in a boat. Look for a very young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I liked this movie, the soundtrack, the cinematography and the performance earned a deserved 7 out of 10.
