When a movie surprises you with its disturbing, unsettling atmosphere, and grabs you by the throat with its dazzling cinematography, you simply know that you've come across a delight, the masterpiece of a movie. Although with most modern movies, some of the most enjoyed are extremely funny, the ones that really impact you are the strongest, and are the most critically acclaimed and, in general, accompany you throughout your life. I say, with pride, that I am a fan of the movies that bother, not only the horror films, but those that send an atmosphere full of forebodings. Movies like Breakdown and The Missing, that relax you, make you think "sacred shit, that could happen to me", and they attract you visually, and some of my favorite aspects appear in a movie. As I'm only 21 years old, I did not grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, although I'm familiar with them, I did not see them grow up and act as actors, unlike actors like Shia LaBouf. and Justin Long. I must say that, after the exaggeration and the testimony of Deliverance for the first time, these veteran actors admired me so much in a film made more than 30 years ago, and still live the terror in the competition for modern films. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, the self-styled male leader of a group of four friends on a canoe trip down a fictional river before a dam is made, filling the entire desert with water. The character of Renyolds is an experienced adventurer, almost without nonsense, and full of machismo. Seeing him portray the tough guy, he made me think differently about him as an actor, since I've only seen him as an old guy and an angry politician. The dialogue that the director provides for his character gives him enough malice to show that he is a strong and even intimidating leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as the novice adventurers, Drew and Bob respectively, and come together to have fun on a canoe trip. The actor that I really enjoyed watching was Jon Voight, once again, I've only seen him as an older actor, however, unlike Renyolds, I really liked Voight's performance (and I do not consider Anaconda when I say that ), for example. The national treasure films. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, has experience in adventure, but is seen as a more reserved character, a reluctant hero / leader and definitely lacks Lewis machismo. Basically, the film begins with the four who drive to a small town while they ask to find someone to drive their cars to the bottom of the river while canoeing the rapids and camping along the riverbank. Immediately you get a spooky atmosphere from the Hillbilly characters that present us, like the child who plays the infamous "Dueling Banjo's" at the beginning of the movie with the character of Ronny Cox Drew; and even more, the two men of the mountain in the scene of pivotal and disturbing violation of films. As with all atmospheric films, as of this moment, fear and confusion fill both the characters and the audience, and this is where we see how the characters take shape and change shape. The canoe trip that follows is triggered by experts and it is from here that men fight against the chances of survival of humans and nature. The cinematics of the film do not stop, and I will back that comment with the scene in which Ed fights against one of the mountain rapists with a compound bow. When Ed falls in one of his arrows and notices that his enemy approaches him, he hits his rifle, only to shoot at the ground while falling with an arrow in the neck; It was possible the best piece of cinematographic film I've seen in a movie. In short, Deliverance is a film, whose fear and atmosphere transmit the mood to this date, remains one of the best films in film history.
