This is one of the best movies ever made. It is a classic of all times. The character played by Ned Beatty experiences one of the best transformations on screen that have ever been portrayed. He is a shallow, almost useless and overweight insurance salesman. He is proud of his ignorance and, nevertheless, judges that the "upside-down hicks" are the ignorant. When he praises the old man with his hat, and the old man responds: "you do not know anything", the tone is established. It is true. He really does not "know nothing". But an anal rape later, the man is practically a warrior. His superficial false bravado is attenuated in a serious resolution. The old me is always dead, abandoned in a distant forest, which will soon be under hundreds of feet of water. And what about Lewis, our intrepid guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he's just crazy. Burt Reynolds proved to be an actor in 1972 in this movie, and gave himself completely to this wonderful role. Who would not want to have a friend like Lewis if one ventured into the dangers of a forgotten world or soon to be left behind like the one our unfortunate travelers meet? This movie speaks to us on many levels. The story feels real. It works as a complete action / adventure, with a wonderful cinematography and a deliberate rhythm. It works like a bit of a horror movie, with the danger and almost the surrealism of the encounter with the vile peasants who objectify their "sow" Ned Beatty. But it also works like an art film, using incredible amounts of symbolism to convey truths that go to our core. I've seen this movie at least fifty times, and every time it turns on, I see that I have to see it. You have to see it several times to even begin to understand it. This is a deep movie. This is a well-acted movie. And this is an incredible story. I gave him 10 out of 10, and I put him in my 10 best movies of all time, along with Schindler's List, Casablanca, Taxi Driver and Sling Blade, among others. Movies that make you think. Movies that take you beyond having to think. Movies that use a HISTORY to express their point of view, without trying to preach to you. If you think you know Liberation, you can, but again, you may not know. It's really that good.
