Deliverance is an exciting thriller, as exciting as any good thriller should aspire to be, but also scary. Although it's not a horror movie, it's as scary as any classic horror movie. The mere idea of ​​being a man of normal red blood enjoying a weekend of adventure of any kind of civilization, only to be captured and sodomized by a couple of violent locals, is surely the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the world's population . It would have been easy for Deliverance to slip into exploitative territory, but John Boorman has skilfully avoided the temptation to take that path and has made a film that explores, questions and challenges the very meaning of masculinity. With so many movies, you come wishing to heaven that you can put yourself in the place of the hero, performing heroic acts and saving the day and catching the girl ... but with Deliverance, you go praying to God so that I never have to experience what These four protagonists go through. <br /> <br /> Four types of city - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - head to the desert to spend a few days down a river that It will soon be dammed. The boys are riding the rapids in pairs, and Ed and Bobby, without realizing it, advance a little more than the others, so they stop at the riverbank and wait for their friends in the adjacent forest. Here, they are affected by two local Bushmen (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward), who tie Ed to a tree, while one of them bares and rapes Bobby, instructing him, perversely, to "scream like a pig". Lewis and Drew arrive unseen and Lewis, being a good goalkeeper, kills the rapist while the other Hillbilly beats a quick retreat into the woods. Under great emotional stress, the four canoeists decide to hide the event and leave the area. But they find that the river is increasingly dangerous to negotiate while traveling downriver, and the risk to their lives increases when the surviving hill returns to shoot them with their rifle from some invisible observation point on the rocky cliffs by the river. <Br /> <br /> Liberation is very powerful as a tale of survival, but even more powerful (and disturbing) as a study of macho attitudes that are shattered and left in tattered shreds. Although all the performances are remarkable, one must take into account Beatty's efforts in a role that many actors would have rejected. The film is very similar thematically to the 1971 film The Straw Dogs: both films deal with terrifying sexual violence in isolated places, and while the eventual violent revenge demanded by the victim does not produce any sense of satisfaction. The landscape of the rugged countryside in Deliverance is beautiful to look at, but it also increases the tension by placing the four canoeists in an environment where they are at the mercy of the mountaineers and the landscape, with no one to trust other than them same. . This really is a suspense movie at its best.
