You could organize a version of "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens with sock puppets and I'll probably see it. Since I was a child, this has been one of my favorite stories. Maybe it's the idea that there's something good in everyone, and that, therefore, no one is beyond redemption, which attracts me, but for some reason, I never miss the opportunity to see one of the many adaptations of screen this timeless classic when they are On television, as they inevitably are at this time of year. <br /> <br /> What really makes this version stand out is the somber gravity that the cast carries to their respective roles. The lines that we have heard dozens of times in the past acquire a completely new intensity, and each character becomes more real and credible in the hands of this wonderful set. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role. For his eternal credit, instead of walking around asleep through this role so often played by Scrooge, he gave it a new interpretation that was, in my opinion, one of his best performances. Wisely, he did not try a British accent, but pronounced his lines with that famous deep voice. His Scrooge is not simply a grumpy old man (as he is portrayed so often), but a man who harbors a deep anger against the world. When each of the Three Spirits visits him, we understand how this anger took root, grew and finally strangled his soul. When he is forced to revise his life, we see him softening alternately, and then relapsing again into an unrepentant obstinacy. And in the great dramatic scene when he, kneeling and crying in his own grave, begs for mercy when he tries to convince the third spirit of his repentance and desire to change his life, we see a man who has been completely broken and taken to His knees literally and figuratively. Scott has made Scrooge completely credible and painfully human. <br /> <br /> As impressive as Scott's performance is, the set of supporting actors contributes significantly to the dark beauty of this version. Fred Holywell, Scrooge's nephew, is an excellent example of this. Often portrayed as an affable buffoon, here is played by Roger Rees with an emotional intensity absent from previous performances. When he begs Scrooge: "I do not ask anything, I do not want anything from you, why can not we be friends?" We see in his face not only his frustration, but also his pain at the self-imposed separation of Scrooge from his only relative alive. It is a moving performance, and one of the most dramatic scenes in the film. <br /> <br /> Even more magnificent is the performance of the wonderful English actor Frank Finlay as the deceased Scrooge's partner, Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, the scene with Marley tends to be a bit low in the film, simply because it is difficult to play a dead man convincingly, and the results are usually just silly (ooooh, look, it's a scary ghost ....... no!) In this version, it is perhaps the most fascinating scene in the entire movie. Marley's entrance, when the locks on Scrooge's door open spontaneously and the sound of the chains echoing throughout the house, is wonderfully spooky. But Finley's Marley is not an ethereal spirit. It is a tortured soul, which inspires both horror and compassion. Marley may be a ghost, but his rage and regret for a life wasted in the pursuit of wealth, and his desperation to realize that his sins are now beyond repair, are still very human. As Finlay portrayed it, we have no problem believing that even the scandalous Scrooge would be affected by this nightmare appearance. Finlay really steals the scene here, something that is not easy to do when you're in front of George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it goes on and on, one extraordinary performance after another, making it look like you 'I'm experiencing this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (do you remember him from the equalizer?) He looks jovial and menacing like the Ghost of the Christmas present. When he pronounces the famous phrase, "it may be that in the eyes of heaven it is no longer worthwhile and less apt to live than MILLIONS as the child of this poor man" is no longer a happy substitute for Santa Claus, but an avenging angel That gives Scrooge a much needed verbal beating. <br /> <br /> Susannah York is a beautifully acid tongue Cratchit lady, and David Warner brings a wonderful depth to the suffering Bob Cratchit, a man who goes through life carrying triple crosses. of poverty, a sick child and an unbearable boss. His face alternately shows his cheerful mood, and also, sometimes, his tiredness, before intolerable circumstances. Later, in the scene in which Scrooge is shown by the Phantom of Christmas However, the Cratchit family will come after the death of Tiny Tim, Warner's performance, although he barely utters a word, will move him to tears.
