The "liberation" is a brilliant condensed epic of a group of completely modern men who embark on a canoe trip to communicate briefly with nature and, instead, have to fight for their sanity, their lives and perhaps even their souls. The movie has aged well. Although it was made in the early seventies, it certainly does not seem particularly dated. He still has a visceral blow and an iconic state as a dramatic cultural and philosophical shock vehicle after 'The Death of the Sixties'. There are very few films with similar concepts that can compare favorably with him, although the material of the legendary Sam Peckinpah would have to be there. Yes, there has been considerable debate and discussion about the most controversial scene in the film (which I will not explain here), and without a doubt one of the most confronted scenes in the history of the film medium, but what surprises about this film is what painfully beautiful that is sometimes. This seems to be generally overlooked (however, in retrospect, quite understandable). The cinematography that captures the essence of the fragile and faded nature of the river is often absolutely dazzling, and counteracts the film when, in a moment of brief madness, the spectators, along with the characters themselves, are plunged into a relentless nightmare. 'Deliverance's narrative is appropriately lean and dynamic, and it's amazing how quickly the events unfold from the point of establishment, to the crisis and consequences. Everything takes place very quickly, which gives a very real sense of urgency to the film. The adjustment is established effectively through the opening credits. All the characters are well drawn despite the limited time devoted to the back story. We know enough about them to know them by the kind of man they are, like them and, ultimately, to fear for them when everything goes to hell. The conflict and violence within the film seem to come from nowhere, with a terrifying lack of logic. This is the subject of the author James Dickey: that any prevailing romanticism about the nature of the perceived "goodness" of Man can only wither and die when his animal instincts barely suppressed come to light. There are no demons or ghosts here. The depressed Hillbillies, like the central villains of the film, are just terrible and terribly amoral cousins ​​of our protagonists. They are surprising because their evil is petty and tangible. The movie does not have peripheral characters. They all reflect something about the weaknesses and uncertainties of urbanized Homo Sapiens in the late 20th century, and they are all very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is wonderful in this movie as the Survivalist, Gung-ho and almost fatally confident, Lewis, and it's a pity to think that he really could not recover his brief moment of dramatic glory for the rest of his squalid spark. Run from bottom to bottom ('Boogie Nights' excluded, maybe). Trust me, if you're not a Reynolds fan, you'll be impressed with his performance here. John Voight is his usual and effortless self, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox make significant contributions. This is simply a great quartet of actors. To conclude, I must speculate on if and when "To the White Sea" of the author of "Deliverance" James Dickey. For those who enjoyed (?) Of this film, TTWS is an equally distressing story of the struggle of a United States Air Force pilot to survive after being shot down on the Japanese mainland during World War II. It is more of the characteristic somber existentialism and primordial savagery that is Dickey's trademark, but it has all the elements of a truly spectacular poetic film experience. A few years ago, it was suggested that the Coen brothers might be producing it, but that eventually came to nothing. Being an avid Coen-o-phile, I'm disappointed to think what it could have been if they had got the green light on TTWS, instead of their last relatively undistinguished efforts. Going back to 'Deliverance', it is impossible to imagine a film with such honest and disconcerting brutality in these times, and that is quite shameful. We, the audience that goes to the movies, are all the poorest because of this.
