This story is told and re-told and continues to be told in all possible ways. The story of the immortal Charles Dicken has been recreated in all possible ways of imagining. I admit that I have not seen the classic version of Alistair Sim and I am sure that one day I will do it, but I would be surprised if I would play this amazing version of the eighties. I think if Dickens himself had created his story for the movie, it would be this one. <br /> <br /> The story is well known, I will not go into many details because everyone has seen it in one way or another. A rich, petty and petty old man is visited by the ghost of his former partner and warns him about his bad ways. To straighten it out, he is visited by three spirits, each of whom shows him a different perspective of his life and of the people with whom he is involved, past, present and future. Finally, seeing all this in front of him, he realizes the error of his ways to a great extent and tries to reward himself for all the mistakes he has made. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is absolutely undeniably perfect for this role. Take on the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge, make it his own and create an incredible character. Not only is he a bad man, but someone who has been affected by certain situations in his life that have infuriated him and angry with the world. There is compassion within him, but he has it under everything else and is very involved. Scott offers the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only the main role makes this movie, but everything else fits in its place. This is a great epic of Victorian England, Dickens England is recreated before our very eyes, images and sounds, and you can almost feel the breeze on your face and the smells of the market. Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could watch this movie in silence and be dazzled by the landscape. It is not a spectacular landscape per se, but it is real. The film takes us from the market of high class merchants to the dismal poverty pits and everything in between. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast fits into their roles and gives life to their literary counterparts. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his entire family, including especially the young Tiny Tim played by Anthony Walters, was wonderful. Each of the Ghosts had its own personality and added to the dark humor of this story. A Christmas story is not a light story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period in the life of England and is one of the few Christmas stories that is really dark, almost scary, and has to scare to scare a man who has been a miser for so many years to become around. The dark sensation of the story is captured in this film and it is downright scary, but the end lifts the mood and captures the miracles of Christmas. The score of this film is also something that should be mentioned, since it is epic, great and beautiful to listen to, whether it is the real score or the Christmas music, everything fits. Apparently, Christmas movies are my favorite because I insist that everyone see this Christmas car above all others. 10/10
