Marie: you're gentle Dan: No, I'm not soft. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you're like me, soft and single, do not go together. You see someone you like, oddly enough, and you want to say something but not. Or maybe you'll say something, but it ends up being perhaps the least intelligent thing you ever said in your life. However, most of the time you do not look from afar and you admire without having to deal with taking what most agree, is it the only way to get anywhere in life? a risk. However, you can not blame a guy for being a little scared. Maybe he's burned down a lot earlier or maybe he's trying to focus all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some valid, some not, and all can be interpreted as excuses instead of reasons. You tell yourself that you do not need it or that it is not the right time for you, but that you still want it to happen. Any way you break it, it's not easy. Sounds familiar? If you thought yes, even if only a little, then DAN IN REAL LIFE, the new comedy by director Peter Hedges, is a must. It will reach within you and somehow manage to break and warm your heart at the same time. <br /> <br /> The title Dan is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a council columnist who is admired for his vision to live a balanced, satisfying and morally uplifting life. Four years or so before the movie starts, Dan woke up and lost his wife and the love of his life. After that tragedy, Dan was allowed to raise his three daughters alone. Between that and focusing on her career, finding love again was not one of Dan's priorities. And so it became more functional than feeling. Far from the power of intimacy, Dan no longer knows what it means to be so close to someone and has resigned himself to never knowing it again. That is, until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book and tackle shop in Connecticut on a quiet morning. The interaction is casual, comfortable and catches both unprepared. There is only one problem really. She is already seeing someone. Unfortunately for everyone involved, that someone is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His whole family has come to his parents' cottage for his annual visit and Dan should now spend the weekend sighing and longing for the fleeting feeling he had with Marie that morning. It only lasted about an hour, but it only took so long to awaken Dan's heart from his coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members to deal with (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest are in charge), DAN IN REAL LIFE deviates from its greatest purpose from time to time. While the cyclone of children, parents, aunts and uncles becomes a difficult time for Dan, Hedges also uses it unnecessarily as a means to distract, with the presumption that it would ultimately be a more complete film. Luckily, Hedges has Carell to carry the heavy load. It is a pleasure to see Steve Carell take ownership of each and every photo he makes (despite occasional errors in the size of EVAN ALMIGHTY). He is charismatic, charming and obviously a good humorist. As Dan, he is also self-critical, awkward and scared. Carell is the rare comedian who strives to find the character in his roles, instead of relying solely on his comedic instincts and his established personality. Perhaps the most important thing is that he is totally known as Dan. Whether he is throwing himself on the cot in the laundry room, where he is subject to sleep as the only single adult in this meeting, or who is restless in the kitchen, unable to remain still in his anxiety, Dan is all sorts of people who he has not even been sure. He himself and felt alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much heart that he becomes the heart of the movie at the same time. <br /> <br /> I wondered after seeing the movie if I enjoyed it as much as I did, despite its small deficiencies (Juliette Binoche? I know you would like to relax from time to time, but I do not recommend it unless you have chocolate involved), due to my situation in life. Someone who has found that someone else would get so much meaning and solace from this movie? I can not say What I can say, as someone who knows what it means to be alone, DAN IN REAL LIFE knows what it means to be surprised by life and love and how these moments and people should be appreciated and appreciated. He also knows that anyone who can feel alone on a given day or for months at a time, should remember that surprises still happen.
