Magnificently trashy and wonderfully unpretentious exploitation of the 80s, hurray! The initial sequences of pre-credits somehow give the false impression that we are dealing with a serious and heartbreaking drama, but there is no need to fear because just ten minutes later we went up to our necks in absurd battles of chainsaw, fist fights. Free scary and nude dialogues! Bo and Ingrid are two orphaned brothers with an unusually close and even slightly perverted relationship. Can you imagine playfully tearing off the towel that covers your sister's naked body and then looking at her genitals without shaving for several minutes? Well, Bo does that to her sister and, judging by her bent laughter, she does not care at all. Sick, friend! Anyway, when they were children they fled Russia with their parents, but the unpleasant soldiers brutally murdered Mom and Dad. However, a friendly smuggler took care of them, and even raised and trained Bo and Ingrid in expert smugglers. When the real plot begins, 20 years later, they face their last search, since the mythical and incredibly valuable White Fire diamond is found casually in a mine. Very few things in life have had as little meaning as the plot and narrative structure of "White Fire", but it sure is very fun to watch. Most of the time you have no idea who is hitting who or what cause (and I bet the actors understood even less), but whatever! The violence is magnificently grotesque and every turn of the plot is pleasantly retarded. The script goes totally crazy with no possibility of repair when suddenly? and I will not reveal why? Bo needs a replacement for Ingrid and Fred Williamson enters the scene with a big cigar in his mouth and his black and sordid fingers in all the local prostitutes. Bo's main opponent is an Italian girl with big breasts, but with a horrible accent, the absurd but catchy thematic song is played at least a dozen times throughout the film, there is the obligatory montage "we are falling in love" and many others. attractions! My God, what a brilliant experience. The original title in French translates as "Life to Survive", which is especially appropriate because it makes as much sense as the rest of the movie: None!
