the government that struggled to establish to recognize their loyalty with a promised and much needed pension. Ripstein's lyrical work is a sweet ode to all those who, like the Colonel, suffer the abuses of a cynical and hardened society that is strengthened by denying its citizens the means to live with dignity and purpose. Unlike the absurdity of WAITING FOR GODOT, the colonel's wait for the arrival of his pension gives hope and meaning to his otherwise miserable life. Two things in the film lead to the Colonel, who is masterfully played by Fernando Lujan; the hope that his military pension will someday arrive and the knowledge that his son, Augustine, died for a noble cause, a reason other than a drunken brawl in a cockfight. Unable to realize the first, and forced to show the world the latter, the Colonel does the only thing he can do, training his son's fight cock. The rooster is now the warrior who can bring fortune and justice to the Colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his combat ring is that of the murderer of his former owner, Agustín. In a tense scene of confrontation between the Colonel and Nogales, the murderer of his son, the Colonel is offered by Nogales, a paid government agent, enough money to equal the Colonel's full pension. But, this is blood money; secret money designed to hide the fact that those in power have turned their backs on someone who fought for their political ideals, and to hide from the world that the son of the warrior colonel was murdered because he wrote for a clandestine newspaper that favored labor rights. The unions and the common man. With maximum dignity, the Colonel rejects Nogales' offer, picks up his fight cock and walks away as noble as his old legs can carry him. Once at home, Dona Lola, her naughty wife, wants to know why the Colonel rejected the money when they both die of hunger. In response to his continuing question, "What are we going to eat until November (when the cockfighting season begins)," the Colonel replies: "Shit." The excrement is what the poor and the marginalized have been eating all their lives, and the excrement is a food that the Colonel voluntarily decides to eat with dignity, knowing that he could never sell his soul to those who oppress him. The Colonel hopes as the only man of honor and courage in a world without principles.
