After getting into a variety of seemingly immature movies purchased on rental DVDs, I thought it was the right time for a serious little drama and who better to offer it than Sam Mendes? For various reasons, "American Beauty" does not appeal to me as much as this movie, which is easily the darkest thing that Tom Hanks has done and probably one of the most underestimated films of the last decade. Because this is not a simple tale of gangsters removed from its origins of graphic novels, and it's simply wonderful to see why. And despite my usual allergy to any movie with the name of Tom Hanks (I still can not see "Big" without wanting to kick a cat), I'm glad I tried this because this is one of those movies that you'll kick yourself if you you lose <br /> <br /> Normally, Hanks, very gaudy, plays Michael Sullivan, a devout family man and father of two children who grew up during the Prohibition in the early thirties. He is also a professional assassin of mob boss John Rooney (Paul Newman), but he has managed to keep his work secret from his children. But after his eldest son (Tyler Hoechlin) witnessed his father involved in the murder of a mob, the two are forced to flee while John tries to fix the matter. Soon, father and son are chased to Chicago where a fellow hit man (a threatening Jude Law) is waiting for them. <br /> <br /> On the face, it looks like a pretty standard gangster movie, but as I said, this is not really about the gangsters. It is about the relationship between a father and his son together in the most tragic of circumstances. Hanks is (* clenches his teeth *) excellent as the tortured man who discovers that everything has its price and little Hoechlin is also good as Sullivan's son. Honestly, there is not a single performance I can point out as weaker than the others: the cast is almost impeccable. As it is the cinematography and the disguises (and it is not frequent to praise the disguises!) That recreates the years 30 with a surprising effect. There has been a lot of effort so that everything goes well and is paid with a lot of money. This could easily have been seen as trash - they admit that the appearance of the early '30s was hard to ignore - but it is not and that deserves all the credit. Chicago looks especially fantastic, full of hundreds of ramshackle cars of the time and full of people in monochromatic hats and suits. True journey in time, even if you need a bit of CGI. <br /> <br /> The story is also a winner, offering a human face to what is often considered a stereotyped genre of movie villain. The law is surprisingly threatening like the almost mechanical killer Maguire and proves that you do not have to be Cagney, De Niro or Brando to play a gangster. The film is decidedly noir, where torrential rains and poorly lit warehouses predominate, but at least violence and murders have (finally) an emotional and psychological impact on the perpetrators and on those who simply witness such acts. All this is reminiscent of a previous era and previous films, but sweeps the old and refreshes it with a modern story of redemption amid the Tommy-Gun shootings and extortion rackets. You may feel a bit slow in some places, especially if you're used to making weapon games in movies like most modern audiences (like yours really), but sometimes, words can speak more than actions. Mendes has given an excellent follow-up to his Oscar-winning debut, a movie that is as smart as it is beautiful to watch. "Road To Perdition" may not be to everyone's taste, but this is a DVD that I will not trade soon.
