ROAD TO PERDITION can be summarized in the Thomas Newman score. It is disturbing and beautiful, but you are aware that this music is similar to that of Newman and, while you listen to the soundtrack, it reminds you of SCENT OF A WOMAN, MEETING JOE BLACK and THE SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION, it reminds you of other movies like The Story It develops on the screen. While the Sullivians travel the United States trying to escape a hit man hitman you think of THE GETAWAY, the Irish mobsters are MILLER CROSSING while the subtext of guilt and redemption can be summed up in the gangster epics of Coppola and Leone. Despite having seen everything before, I feel that this should not be taken as a severe criticism of the Sam Mendes film, which I repeat is disturbing and beautiful, and the only flaws that fight it are a very slow opening of twenty minutes and I got confused a little. the events that caused Michael Sullivan to be betrayed. But if you stop to think about how much Spielberg could have done with the story that revolves around a father and his twelve-year-old son running for their lives, you can not stop thinking about how great director Mendes is. <br /> <br /> ROAD TO PERDITION is a film in which the entire cast offers impeccable performances. I've never been so interested in Tom Hanks, but he's as good here as he has been in any starring role, probably better. Paul Newman plays a character with an Irish accent, but at no time did I think he was seeing a US screen legend putting a false accent: Newman's performance works because of subtle body language, his character is torn by guilt , but Newman never cheats. or goes over the top. While it's never as easy as Newman who gives the best performance in the film, the two British actors who support Craig and Law are also very memorable as American gangsters and while Law will still have a long career as a lead actor, one wonders how Daniel Craig could have progressed as an actor. character actor if he had not decided to become James Bond, a role that heralds the end of an actor career
