If you thought about Sam Mendes' first film, the much-advertised American BEAUTY was a movie with style to spare, wait until you see its long-awaited second effort, the relentless gangster melodrama of the 30 years ROAD TO PERDITION. Some critics have hailed this new film as a worthy successor to THE GODFATHER, a hasty judgment issued by several reviewers with Mr. Mendes' extraordinary technical prowess. If the mechanics of creating movies is what makes an image so excellent, then yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant cousin of THE GODFATHER in terms of what it achieves in cinematography, editing, music and sound. What it does not have is a resonance that all the great stories and some very rare films have that remain with the viewer long after the experience of reading or seeing them has ended. As with American BEAUTY, this film has a sense of cold and detachment, despite some very tense scenes involving parental love, loyalty and betrayal. <br /> <br /> This story of a successful man (Tom Hanks) and his relationship to a surrogate father, a figure who is also his boss, an elderly leader of the Irish Mafia (Paul Newman), seems to have been taken out of the innumerable gangster films of past years. The father / son motif that hangs over this image is so heavy in its treatment that there is not much room for spontaneity; The entire company has been carefully crafted, and almost the entire dialogue is delivered with an air of great portento: obviously it is a gangster movie, hence the necessary amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost humorless to talk . Only in scenes that involve a child who drives a fleeing car in an editing edited with cunning, there is a sense of optimism to convey the widespread feeling of perdition. <br /> <br /> That said, I have nothing but the highest praise for the impressive aspect of this film; In fact, it is not an exaggeration to say that this is one of the most beautifully photographed and designed movies I have ever seen. Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall will probably win another Oscar for his work here. The sets and costumes of the production are equal of exemplary; In fact, the whole movie is a technical marvel. Mr. Mendes continues to amaze with his vivid use of color, and he and Mr. Hall again make a very dramatic use of red blood splashed against the pale walls, more effective and disconcerting due to the preponderance of blacks, blues and grays that dominate the color scheme of the movie. <br /> <br /> If I have not duly taken note of the performance, it is not because the actors do not denounce skillfully; Everyone in the film is top-notch, with a special mention to the two evil villains: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate", the spoiled and impulsive son of Newman's gangster father; and an almost unrecognizable Jude Law as an especially slobbering criminal who pursues Hanks and his son and is a very important figure in the fascinating second half of the film. But acting in a movie, this dazzling is bound to take a back seat to the photographic fireworks shown here. If a Rolls-Royce were a movie, I have no doubt that it would look like ROAD TO PERDITION.
