Acting This movie is a very well acted movie. I will say that the performances are slightly weak at times; but for the most part, the acting is very good. The only actor that surprised me with his performance was Jude Law as Harlen Maguire. It was incredible! Tom Hanks seemed a little insecure at some points throughout the film, but he was also amazing. Paul Newman, good as always. Cinematography This is what made the film a masterpiece (and I rarely use that word). Conrad Hall is a true genius. If at some point in the film you paused, you will see the delicate work of this man. Set each shot so nothing is left out. When the camera is still, there is a postcard quality on the screen. When the camera is moving, each shot is planned to underestimate the perfection. But it does not stop there. The choice of colors and the contrast between Conrad's light and dark settings is a work of art. The way you turn on the set is one of the most amazing lighting jobs I've seen. His work in this movie made him what he is. This movie is at the top of the list for the best photography with LOTR, Black Hawk Down, Hero, CTHD, Moulin Rouge and Vertigo. Story People will say that this movie is a gangster movie from the 1930s, but I think they did not understand the point of the movie. It's a love story about a hit man who fails to protect his son from the life he chose. It is a brilliantly elaborated story that unfolds in a beautiful bond between two people who only have each other. The writing of the screen is worthy of an Oscar. Music Thomas Newman carries out a sad but hopeful score to intensify this sad but hopeful story. Music is one of the most beautiful and moving scores that I have collected. Direction Sam Mendes is a new director with the feeling of an experienced director. The symbols he uses and the performances he gets from his actors is a rarity in the current film world. I'll be attentive to the next Sam Mendes movie. 10/10 one of the most moving and beautiful movies I've seen in my life.
