Road to Perdition, a film that is not worth missing in that year, Oscar is the second work of Sam Mendes (and in my opinion, his best work), a director who three years earlier won the Oscar for his acclaimed but controversial American beauty. This is a fantastic movie, and at the same time, ultimately moving and sad. <br /> <br /> It is the story of a relatively wealthy and happy family of external appearance in difficult times of depression, when Michael Sullivan, a father. of two children, played by the great Tom Hanks (I am not his admirer but I should say that) is a hitman for the local mob boss, played by Paul Newman. His eldest son, a thirteen-year-old boy, Michael Sullivan Jr., played to perfection by the young Tyler Hoechlin, after years of happy ignorance, discovers what his father's work is and with what money his family lives. Motivated by his curiosity and his aspiration to know the truth, he accidentally becomes a witness to a murder, committed by John Rooney, son of his father's boss. Such a discovery hits an innocent soul and caused numerous events that changed his life forever. The atmosphere of the period, all the backgrounds and decorations are perfectly created, the editing and cinematography are almost perfect, while the story is well written. But the main line of the film, the moments and the most important points of the film and the key factor of the success of the film are the difficult father-son relationships in bad times. They are so profound, strong and credible. Tom Hanks makes it excellent and has one of the best performances of his career in a rather unusual role for him and all the performances in general are excellent. Finally, it is worth mentioning a very good Paul Newman score and, as a result, we got an outstanding job from all the people involved in making this beautiful (but once again sad) masterpiece. I think that Road to Perdition is one of the best achievements of the cinema of this decade and, without doubt, one of the best films of the year. <br /> <br /> My grade 10 out of 10
