This 1984 version of Dickens' classic "A Christmas Carol," directed by Clive Donner, stars George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. At this time, the challenge for the filmmaker was to take such familiar material and make it look new and new; and, happily, I can say that with this film, Donner not only faced the challenge but he surpassed all the expectations that someone could have had. He tells the story with precision and attention to detail, and extracts performances from his actors who are nothing but superlatives, especially Scott. One could argue that the definitive portrait of Scrooge, one of the best-known characters in literary fiction, was created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 film; But I think with his performance here, Scott has now achieved that distinction. There is such purity and honesty in your Scrooge that it is difficult to even consider someone else in the role once you've seen Scott do it; In a nutshell, he is Scrooge. And what a tribute it is to such a talented actor; to be able to take such a well-known figure and make it so uniquely own is quite miraculous. It is truly a joy to see an actor perform his craft so well, be able to make a character so real, from every word he utters to the best expression on his face, and make everything look so true. It is a study to perfection. <br /> <br /> The other cast members are also splendid, but they also have to be splendid to maintain the integrity of Scott's performance; and they do it. Frank Finlay is the ghost of Jacob Marley; a remarkable turn, although not as memorable, perhaps, as that of Alec Guinness (as Marley) in the film, 'Scrooge'. Angela Pleasence is a welcome face as the Spirit of Christmas Past; Edward Woodward, great and boisterous, and quite convincing as the Spirit of the Christmas gift; and Michael Carter, somber and menacing as the Spirit of Christmas that is yet to come. <br /> <br /> David Warner hits the right mark with his Bob Cratchit, bringing a sincerity to the paper that conforms to the quality standard set by Scott's Scrooge and Susannah York are as good as those of Mrs. Cratchit. The real gem that is here, however, is the performance of the young Anthony Walters as Tiny Tim; It is sincere, without ever becoming so special, and simply one of the best interpretations, and the most real, never presented in the film. <br /> <br /> The excellent cast includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, and also the narrator of the film), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). An impeccable presentation, this version of 'A Christmas Carol' sets the standard against which all others must be measured; No matter how many versions you have seen, seeing this is like seeing it for the first time. And forever, whenever you think of Scrooge, the image that your mind will evoke will be that of George C. Scott. A completely entertaining and satisfying experience, this film demands a place in the annual holiday festivities calendar of each home. I qualify this 10/10.
