Wow ... I mean WOW, this has to be one of the best stories I've had the opportunity to read / see. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, a man and his son, go to train in the cursed forbidden springs and, while ignoring their warnings, both fall into a spring each. The father, Genma, the drowned panda spring. And Ranma, 16, the spring of the drowned girl. Now, with each splash of cold water, they become the same being titled for the spring in which they landed. Already crazy enough? No, that's just the beginning. As if being one of the strongest teenagers that ever existed and becoming a woman was not enough, Ranma has to deal with crazed martial arts masters and hundreds of crazy artistic styles, an insane beginning of high school, opponents of Right and left who have a score to settle for Ranma is weakened, either to ruin your life at the beginning or to "steal" your loved ones. And speaking of loved ones, I have lost count of how many times a boy or a girl have fallen in love with Ranma. And not once has he been his fiancée, Akane. And that's just the first chapters / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is amazing. I've never found anything so crazy, so strange, so ... so out of this world and yet, it's so believable and credible ... I can not even describe it to the fullest. It is simply a lovely story that is so easy to understand. What I like is humor. Not once have I burst out laughing at a sleeve, and you do not have to try any of the stunts you can find on Simpson or something like that. I could read any part of the comic and I would laugh from beginning to end. The characters are another thing. Ranma, you would think that doing it too hard would be a setback, but no ... with every little problem the story throws at you, you're doing everything you can to survive half the time and your personality is that of a young fool. It seems that, when the worst is worse, he can be a calculating genius. And to think, of the hundreds of perverts in the show, Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​perverts all together, is considered by everyone in his city, even more so by Akane, the worst pervert that has ever existed. Your father Genma, you would think that the character of the father would mix with the background, right? Right! But every time you have a focus ... it gives you more reasons to hate it but at the same time love it! Do you think you know the worst dad in an anime? You have not met Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's biggest rivals and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and probably one of the only people he can stand. Probably the strongest character in the series, but he has two faults, one is his curse that makes him a pig, but his worst flaw ... is his lack of direction sense! Then we have ... you know, I could spend hours on the computer explaining all the characters, the story, everything positive, but that would not make sense. <br /> <br /> Take a look at the series if you do not have 't, NOW! You will not regret! Although I would advise you to check the comic first. I like the anime, but I had some problems to get the series at a good price. And a little prick, the humor does not seem to translate as much in the anime as in the manga. I think partly because the comic seems more cartoonish to me. But either way, it's a win win! 10 out of 10!
