As I understand it, after the Chinese took over Hong Kong, the infamous Cat. 3 movies from Hong Kong disappeared. At least so far, and what an incredible movie this is. I knew it was a difficult criminal drama, but to be the first cat. 3 I bought that was made recently, I was not sure what to expect. <br /> <br /> A Cambodian hit man goes to Hong Kong to cheat the wife of a judge, who is also a lawyer. . It turns out that the judge made the arrangements for the hit man, because she was divorcing the judge and was threatening to take all her money. All this is known in the first ten minutes, so nothing is given away. After the coup, the police locate the hit man fairly quickly, but when trying to arrest him, several policemen and civilians are killed. He eludes the police and now the race is ready to catch the guy, before he escapes to Cambodia. This is a film that never stops and that hardly gives the viewer the opportunity to catch his breath. Yes, it is very violent and intense, many policemen are killed, since the hit man is very difficult to track and shoot down when they locate him. On the way, the hit man who tries to hide in a dumpster finds a woman who is being raped and mistreated by some man. He helps her and saves her from the man, and she convinces the hit man to accompany her in his escape. I loved this movie, it's like a roller coaster that keeps moving and moving at high speed, since one incident leads to another, and the police are sometimes as bad or worse than the hit man. The acting is exceptionally good, and the location of the filming and photography is both impressive. There is nothing in this movie, not even with a very incredible ending. The ending is quite incredible, and also an appropriate ending to all the action and violence. Yes, the violence is brutal at times, but this is a criminal drama without nonsense, that will leave you speechless. "Dog Eat Dog" definitely needs a more generalized version, including an R1 version of insurance. Great movie, highly recommended.
