Despite being quite far from my expectations, Dog Bite Dog impressed me completely. I rented it without knowing much about it, but I essentially expected it to be a martial arts / action film in the Hong Kong action tradition, of which I am a fanatic. I ended up getting something completely different, which is not bad at all. While the movie could be classified as such, and there are definitely some scenes of good action and hand-to-hand combat in the film, it's definitely not the main focus. His characters are infinitely more important for the film than his fights, something quite unusual in many Hong Kong action movies. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised by the complexity of the relationships between characters and characters in the movie. The main character, played by Edison Chen (who is really very good), becomes infinitely more complex at the end of the film than I ever thought it would be after watching the first thirty minutes. The characters of the police also defied my expectations thoroughly. In fact, the raw and honest image of the dark side of the police force that is rarely seen is my favorite aspect of the movie. I do not know if I would say that Dog Bite Dog completely subverts the typical notions of bad criminal and good cop, but it certainly distorts them in ways that are not often seen in the film (unfortunately). Many films, especially the Hong Kong action films that I find, represent the police in what is frankly an idealized, very ignorant light. This is one of my least favorite things about the genre. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Bite Dog had some very unique ideas, and really very brave, to present about the police force. There are scenes of negotiation in this film that I had never seen before, and I doubt I'll see them again, and I'm sure I'll remember them for a while. In addition, the criminal characters are also shown from an interesting perspective, there are some documentary images in the film of Cambodian boys who are not more than ten years old and they fight each other with their own hands, which I thought was one of the moments most powerful and moving of the movie. It says a lot about why these guys are the way they are, instead of just condemning them. Also, the relationship between Chen's character and the girl he meets in the junkyard reveals a lot about his character. It was not until this element entered the film that I really began to see the film as an emotional experience rather than just a visceral one. There's something about most of the relationships on the screen that do not go well with me, but for some reason, it really did. The actress does an incredible job with this role that I imagine was not easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog also presents a really impressive cinematography, although unfortunately it is quite uneven. There were some moments that I found really surprising, especially in the last segment of the film, but there was also a good camera work that was good. Another small problem I had was with the rhythm, which I also felt was unequal. I discovered that many of the scenes of "looking for a boat" are a bit alienating, although they recover quickly after that. The action scenes are short and not too plentiful, but they are really powerful and effective, particularly towards the end. The choreography of the fight is not really that impressive for the most part, although in his opinion it is solid and quite realistic, but the real strength is the emotional content behind the fights. The final scene, although not a marvel of martial art or fighting choreography, is one of the most powerful final fights I've seen, and I've seen quite a few martial arts movies. <br /> <br /> I suppose The biggest determining factor if you are going to get a lot out of Dog Bite Dog is whether or not you can connect with the characters. All of them are undoubtedly some of the most defective characters that we are likely to see in a movie of any kind, but there was something very human about all of them that I could not help but be attracted to and really feel for them, particularly The Bride of chen I must say that I doubt that most people like the movie as much as I do, simply because I imagine that most people will not like or care about the characters in the same way, but I still recommend it highly It is a truly moving and effective film if you give it a chance.
