Those individuals familiar with Asian cinema, in general, are aware that Japan is famous or notorious, since they are extremely violent films and Korea is now gaining the reputation of brutally brutal films. Dog Bites Dog, although it is not becoming as hyper-violent as Miike's craziest movie, nor is it as unpleasant as some of Korea's ambitious efforts, it is a perfect one in the middle with its own brand of brutality. However, the greatest strength of this film, as the greatest of Japanese or Korean efforts, is that brutality, instead of detracting from the film, develops the characters, if not, driving the story. The two main characters are incredibly vicious individuals with their own motivations and emotional support to be as such. The character of Sam Lee, for example, is in the limit from the beginning and slowly and surely, in the middle of several encounters with the character of Chang, it is revealed why he is. Without ruining this part of the story too much, it implies the morally ambiguous nature of his father. The character of Chang, on the other hand, has his most primal instincts tuned, if not perfection, brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, the arc of Chang's story, while not necessarily revealing a more human side, actually reveals one side of our animal nature that many forget, which is the natural ability to recognize a broken animal (and no, I'm not talking of Sam Lee, but Pei Pei's garbage girl character). However, ultimately, during the first 80 minutes or so, it is a film, more or less, direct from a cat and mouse, or Dog chase Dog, in which each encounter ends in at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square turned off, someone will die) and the fun part of the movie is that you never know who the hands that commit the act will be. Which brings us to the only weakness of the film. Unforunatley to delve into it would be another spoiler, but, in a nutshell, is guilty of pushing one of the main points of the film, since, instead of letting it make a point, since they are 80 minutes inside the movie , the movie continues. for another 20 minutes or so to emphasize it even more. Do not get me wrong, if the transition was better than the 80 minute mark to the climax and if the final act was not full of sweet music (in fact if, like most of the movie, it kept the music to a minimum) and let the Disturbing sound effects do their job), it could still have worked and not detracted from the movie. However, despite the fact that the third act had the most cruel and bloody of encounters, the way it was handled made her feel virgin, and almost, insults the intelligence of the spectators, as she felt she had to go so far to transmit it. . However, it is still a breath of fresh air from Hong Kong cinema, as even the bloodiest of martial arts films never reach the level of cruelty and brutality while keeping the characters intact.
