WOW. If you think a movie can not be fatigued in any way, then you have not seen Dog Bite Dog. This movie does not shoot, and is not afraid to show very disturbing images at all. Like Salo, this shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It's gritty, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it's also one of the best movies in Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is much more similar, but do not continue Thinking that it is incredibly cliché. Basically, it is a disturbing detective and obsessive in a game of cat and mouse, against a professional killer and emotionless. While the script does not offer anything new on the surface, it does provide many questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really so necessary? Do we become more or less human when we abuse a 5-year-old child, without pity, without remorse? In turn, humans act no less than rabid dogs when we are blinded by anger, this is a sad truth. It is a theme that the director explores brilliantly, without limitation at all. In addition to the cat and mouse chase, the script also develops two separate story lines for the main characters. One is about love, the other about redemption. Even if the script is not so new, it is still wonderfully written and it keeps you stuck to the seat at all times. <br /> <br /> The acting is very, very good. Edison Chen as the Hit-man is incredible; He proves that he is not just a pretty face. He is ruthless, vile and more than friendly. Sam Lee as the obsessed cop is also exceptional. The distribution of support, in short, is excellent. It is also worth mentioning the music. Very shady score by Ben Cheung, with some effective songs that are heard in key dark moments of the film. Yuen Man's photography is also very good. <br /> <br /> In general, this CATIII movie is highly recommended. Very good rhythm, incredibly acted, wonderfully scored and really good at the end of it all. However, as many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. If you do not like strong violence, you should stay away from it. If you do not like to see a great negativity in the movie, this is not for you too. In the end, a powerful movie, 8/10.
