It is remarkable and quite laudable as writers and directors continue to make great films from one of the oldest and most used stories in the cinema! "Dog Bite Dog" is not, basically, much more than the simple story of a lonely collector who persecutes a brilliant criminal obsessively, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from the rest for being extremely violent and implacable. This is undoubtedly one of the hardest and intransigent movies I've ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come out of hell! Not even the renditions in the revenge trilogy of Chan-Wook Park (with the exception of "Oldboy", perhaps) or any other infamous Cat-III movie ever released were as sadistic and brutal as some of the events described in " Dog Bite Dog ". . Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian murderer who lands in the crowded streets of Hong Kong to eliminate the wife of an eminent judge in a restaurant. When the police arrive at the scene, the young officer Wai sees how Pang flees hurriedly from the crime scene and follows him. The first real confrontation between the two rabid dogs results in a huge bloodbath, since Pang ruthlessly kills several hostages and even Wai's friend and colleague. From that moment begins an exciting game of cats and mice full of action between the frustrated police and the professional murderer. The latter also saves a girl from the constant sexual abuse of her father and stays with her in her shed at the local dumpster. What makes this action / thriller routine so fascinating (apart from the explicit violence) are the backgrounds of the main characters! Pang, the hit man, is a Cambodian orphan and has been trained to fight and kill for money since he was a child. He knows no restrictions, he has no mercy and hardly speaks a word. Wai, the policeman, has become particularly ruthless and unorthodox since his model father (also a policeman) is in a coma after a drug-related incident. Lai does not question the suspects and witnesses; he yells at them and is willing to sacrifice everything to stop his new nemesis. It is recommended to people with weak stomach or tangled nerves to stay away from this film, because the cruelty and the blows that presents "Dog Bite Dog" can cause nausea easily. It is not the kind of violence where bloody heads and severed limbs fly through the air, but rather as the intense and disturbing type in which people try to crush their opponents mentally and physically. The filming locations are, in fact, dark and disturbing, and the extremely sober music makes the already harrowing tone of the film even more petrifying. The performances are great! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treated each other as enemies on the set, because their hatred and disgust on the screen feels a little too legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable movie, highly recommended if you can take it. If you fear not being able to, just wait a few years until the inevitable American remake, which will undoubtedly soften the premise a bit.
