Most critics say that this is the weakest point in Hamilton's career. This movie is a bit different from the rest, and to consider it the best or the worst depends on what you expect from a movie and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> If you know Hamilton as a photographer, you may be a little surprised While Bilitis looks like his books in a movement with all those young girls who discover themselves and relate to each other on the edge of lesbians, with a plot that connects these scenes, Laura focuses on a few characters that allow relationships to develop between them (male-female, artist model) but although we see beautiful photos, many of them better than their average, their number is reduces for the sake of the plot. Tendus cousines is different from both, it's just Hamilton's film that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving photos. Because of that, it may be acceptable to a wider audience than the Hamilton fans, which seems like an erotic comedy (but not the kind of German soft core: fans of the "Schulmädchen report" would be very disappointed). You will not laugh much, but you can smile (and that's something you often do not get from Hamilton). Unlike all other Hamilton movies, a woman's age varies. Unlike other movies, the main character is a boy. Unlike their usual jobs, this is not out of place or time. We have characters who live their lives, have their destiny and do not take us from one photo to another, from one naked girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) gets lost with a script. In your hands. The girls on the beaches, under the shower, in the dimly lit rooms, in the gardens, in the shops, in front of the mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothes, this is their territory, they can shoot minutes and hours, and Whatever you do, always feel the eye of the artist and the hand behind him. But when he has to present us with the average daily life, he stops being Hamilton and becomes the average director who simply follows the script. Hamilton is best known for his nudes, but they are only part of his work. And in Tendres cousines we have an inverse situation: your girls are not in the best opportunities. Nature, the garden, the house remind us of Hamilton's work (often neglected part of it), while girls, even when they are naked, have nothing special in the way he presents us. Maybe Hamilton was confused with a child in front of the camera, maybe he was thinking of a line that censorship would accept, maybe he was really trying to do something new (and nobody dared to tell him he should not), but he neglected it. so it was mostly praised.
