I like the artistic photographs of David Hamilton of naked women in the limit of the condition of women, sometimes erotic, although never pornographic. Someone else liked them too, because my books by David Hamilton were stolen. In a book they saw some pictures of a child, obviously naked, intimate with a young woman older than him, also naked. Although discreet, there was a strong sexual connotation. New territory for David Hamilton, which proved to be still images of the film Tendres Cousines or perhaps photos taken on set. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the art of static photography does not automatically translate to cinematography. The soft focus is blurred and the discrete angles become confused, perhaps because, in motion, they can not be considered. Or you see it or you miss it and there is no time to observe, to understand. The film is supposed to be a farce, and funny things happen, but they do not "come together", perhaps because the story unfolds very slowly and one may wonder what is going on. Finally, Julien, 14, has sex with his cousin, but is a soft core, with no genital contact in the camera. As it is a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and a gagebra caught in the act and, after catching her, Julien's father even gives him a cigarette to complete the experience. To be fair, the film is in French and conforms to French film forms, which may be too subtle for most Americans, even with English subtitles for help from the Philistines. <br /> <br /> It has been suggested that this movie is childish. Pornography and that is undoubtedly the result of the current climate, where the sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious problem. Nobody in their right mind wants to endorse or seems to endorse the sexual abuse of children, so that there is practically no room for children to be seen even in the milder erotic context without immediately triggering alarms about sexual violence and exploitation. The boys will think "Lucky Julien!" even when they agree that sex and children in movies is a "bad thing", at the same time still wishing they had been Julien at that age. Women may also have similar thoughts, but all those considerations must be removed from the conscious mind. Historically, the worst cases have become automatic and the issues of children and sex are strictly avoided. Pity, since sexual awakening is a real human experience. After all, children grow up and become sexual beings as Julien does. It is a suitable literary theme, including film, but taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children. I think David Hamilton risked making a film on this subject even in 1980. He had some success in exploring this sensitive subject and, unfortunately, it is unlikely that we will see better in the near future for fear of the label of child pornography.
