I waited a while to publish a review of this documentary because when I saw it for the first time more than 10 years ago, I wanted to think carefully about what I wanted to write. <br /> <br /> I found from a documentary point of view that this is a very good documentary. He did what he set out to do, show me something he had no idea about and kept me interested in the world he explored. I did not know anything about the world of Drag and discover it and the "Balls" was simply spectacular for me. These people were very talented with what they do and how they do it, to compete. The malicious people, the complainers (even I was angry when someone told the judge that the coat the Queen Dragona wore was not a man's coat!), Jealous, everything is there as in any other competition. I like any other competition like this. What I felt was a point. <br /> <br /> You had the older drag queen talking about how the "balls" were "compared" with the newer drag queens that have changed the balls and created more competition categories, and even those who expected to know that Balls' future would change even more when they were ready to walk the track. It was interesting to hear that some of the participants lived on the street two minutes before the ball, but they came to compete, it was so important to them! Then there were sad stories, stories of who is the "house" and the "mother of the house" who brought out the best and the brightest of the competition. It was interesting. <br /> <br /> Now, to add after 10 years of watching this movie, I experienced the so-called madness of 'Madonna'. I discovered some familiar faces of this documentary that ended with Madonna during her "Vogue" phase and with good reason. If it were not for those people, Madonna would not have had a "Vogue" phase, now I know. Credit must be granted when the credit is DUE. I wonder, if someone else in the mainstream of the United States would see this documentary, they will learn that it is not as "conventional" as they think.
