This was a very entertaining movie and I really enjoyed it, I do not usually rent movies like these (that is, independent films). However, I was attracted to the film because it had an incredible cast that included Jamie Kennedy, whom I loved. From the trilogy of Scream. The director of the film took a risk (and is a risk) to tell the life of many people (and I mean MANY) different people and have the relationship intertwined in several intervals. Taking that risk was a good idea because the end result is an extremely good movie. <br /> <br /> The movie has some MAIN characters; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy): an upset writer of fortune cookies whose relationship with his girlfriend is on the rocks due to an argument. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch): an aircraft technician / loader who loves all living beings (except perhaps maids) and who, despite his good heart, has more and more bad luck. Cyr (Brian Cox): the owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut shop that is a germaphobe and because of his fear of germs places his assistant / cook Sung - (Alexis Cruz) under pressure to keep up with his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk) who is convinced he is trying to do; Stop it, have fun, go crazy and do not live a normal life. They begin to have petty and almost crazy arguments and Olive begins to have doubts about Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a man whose life is not going very well, since bad things start to accumulate in his life and he decides to take it in his hand. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of her dreams and that they are destined for each other, although she is more skeptical. He tries to woo her every time he has a chance and he certainly tries! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been fired from his job and has doubts about his role as a provider, he takes another job for which he simply is not suitable. His wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) is comforting throughout her work-loss experience until she discovers that Johnston was not the loving husband she thought she was. <br /> <br /> In short, I suggest this movie! <br /> <br /> -Erica
