The only reason I give a 9 to this is that the other children actors who played the Tadashi torturers were not up to the job. I guess they were just children who were of the right age and practical, but they were not well trained, and their scenes were a minor nuisance. <br /> <br /> I say we do not judge this according to US standards. UU because it is full of ambiguities and the kinds of mistakes that Japanese culture easily embraces, and it is not in debt to the moral restrictions of black hat / white hat. Movies are routinely submitted to For example, there is an extremely funny time when Tadashi's small band of yokai buddies is disappointed and abandoned by the other yokai, and Shojo, Kirin's herald, does what many stressed Japanese adults do. Would do Hint: this would not happen in a Disney movie. This image also has the best placement of beer products you'll ever see in a children's movie. <br /> <br /> At first, there is a moment when a school teacher hits a couple of thugs in the head with his attendance book. There was a TV commercial in Japan a couple of years before this movie came out. It was a stop-motion clay animation about a boy who is depressed and plays the guitar and sings the blues in his room. His mother shouts at him from below to shut up. Then, someone gives him a candy bar and he cheers and sings a happy melody, but his mother comes in and tells him to shut up again and slap him in the face with a dent. I mention this commercial, because it was considered fun and I did not hear any objections while I was there. There is much more bloodshed and physical cruelty on the screen in "The Great Yokai War" than one might find in a Disney movie. As a father, if it were a film from the United States, I would be in the arms of those things, although not necessarily the moral lessons drawn at the end of the image, which, of course, are not in black and white. Since it is a Japanese film, I accept that these cultural norms allow images that do not exceed the standards and practices of the police in a production of the United States. However, it is probably a bit awkward for me to take young children to see it without giving them a kind of informational meeting prior to the presentation and / or an informational meeting after the presentation about violence and other discolored things, or I would wait until you are older to show it
