I Last night I had the pleasure of watching the BUG movie at the Florida Film Festival and let me say it was a real pleasure. The directors were there and then did a question and answer session. The film begins with a small child crushing a cockroach under his foot, a man who is close to parking his car sees the young man destroyed and runs to ask the child "why? Why? Did he have to kill that living creature? In his hurry to advise the young man in the error of his habits, the man refuses to pay his parking meter, which initiates a whole chain of events that involve people who have nothing to do with him, some funny, other sad and other ridiculous, this movie has a lot of laughs, lots and lots of actors that you will recognize The main actors that stood out in the movie for me were: Jamie Kennedy (from his comedy The Experiment Jamie Kennedy, playing a writer of fortune cookies, John Carroll Lynch (who plays Drew's brother in the Drew Carey show), playing the animal, Brian Cox (the original Hannibal Lecter in Manhunter) playing with the Germanicrob or owner of a "Donut" and "Chinese Food Take Out". There is a line where Cox tells his chef to clean some pig blood. that's on the sidewalk saying "clean that death," which is pretty funny especially because Cox is "obsessed with germs." The funniest moment of the movie is when a child imitates his father, whom he previously heard. yell `MotherF ***** 'while in the classroom. Another extremely funny and surreal scene is when Trudie Styler (the same Mrs. Sting) and another actor play a scene in a program of access by cable, of the film in which the boy is. The plastic bubble. The actor that hosts the cable access program is simply amazing. He is so serious and expressionless, and his performance as a doctor and child in the plastic bubble is fascinating. There are many other fine and funny actors and actresses in this film and having filmed in less than a month with a budget of around $ 1 million, directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who are screenwriters by profession, they wrote crazy / beautiful and the next Tuxedo starring Jackie Chan) have achieved a movie that is great, fun and endearing.
