Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history, and deservedly so I'm happy to see any of their films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is about to complete his rejuvenation formula, with the ability to reverse aging, after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the chimney sweeps who arrive to do their job, and very quickly Ollie wants to get away from Stan making mistakes. Ollie goes to the ceiling to help with the other end of the brush at the top of the fireplace, but Stan in the living room ends up pushing him towards the attic. After breaking an extension, Stan gets a replacement, a loaded weapon, from the wall and, of course, fires the brush. Stan goes up to take a look, and Ollie, standing in the doorway of the rooftop attic, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he was hurt, and Ollie only responds with "I have nothing to say". Ollie returns to the roof, and he and Stan end up in a tug and fight that ends in Ollie falling and destroying the fireplace. Ollie, without a hat, in the fireplace is hit in the head by many falling bricks, and the butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered in smoke from the ash from the fireplace, oh, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan. The children decide to clean up the mess, and when Stan rips the carpet with the shovel, Ollie asks "Can not you do something right?", And Stan replies, "I have nothing to say," and they hit him with the shovel on his head. . While Ollie holds a bag for Stan to kick in the ashes, they are distracted by a painting on the wall, and the ashes end up in Ollie's pants, so Stan gets another shovel on his head. Professor Noodle finishes his formula and makes a final test on a duck, with a drop in a water tank, turning it into a duckling. He also shows the children his success, turning the duckling into an egg, and then proposes to use a human subject, that is, his butler. While he leaves, the boys decide to try the formula for themselves, but Ollie ends up being hit by Stan in the water tank with all the formula. In the end, what was once Ollie comes out, a monkey, and when Stan asks him to speak, all Ollie says is "I have nothing to say," and Stan moans. Filled with wonderful slapstick and all the classic comedy you can want from a black and white movie, it's a nice movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 in The Comedians' Comedian. Very well!
