This is an unusual Laurel & Hardy comedy with some split personality: sometimes it feels like two movies made in different styles together in a single short film. Happily, each part is fun for itself, and the clown, seemingly effortless, of the children, takes the day and synthesizes the disparate elements of the film into an entertaining whole. Although I have never heard a fan of Quote YOUR DIRECT WORK as your favorite comedy by Laurel and Hardy, however, it seems that everyone likes it. <br /> <br /> Our story takes place in the house of Professor Noodle, who represents a key element of the story line: a tremendously exaggerated parody of Mad Scientist scenarios. This marks a rare adventure in science fiction territory for L & H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges became entangled with angry doctors much more often than Stan and Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with the creation of a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses the skepticism of the viewer with blank eyes and the occasional dry occurrence. Meanwhile, Stan and Ollie are chimney sweeps that appear in the teacher's house the same day they perfect their solution. "His" portion of the film consists of a characteristic (but first class) slapstick that involves the chimney, the roof, the shovels and a series of unfortunate setbacks. If you do not enjoy watching these guys ruin a task, then you probably will not like DIRTY WORK, but for the team's fans, this movie is a party. The highlight is when Ollie rushes through the chimney, lands in the fireplace and then hits himself with bricks falling on his head with maddening rhythmic precision, one by one. I also like the photo of Ollie falling from the roof to a greenhouse; The work process is so slapdash that I suspect it was an internal joke, as W.C. Fields films would include the worst rear-projection screens in the world. <br /> <br /> Slapstick things are a lot of fun, but it's the mad scientist's motive that makes this movie unconventional, and two supporting players deserve the bowler's tip. hat: the prolific character of actor Lucien Littlefield is fantastic as the teacher, who offers his overmature lines with gusto and cackles with Hammy Glee, while Sam Adams is a point in the less eye-catching role of Jessup, the butler. Even though Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were at their best, it's always worth noting that their cast characters at Hal Roach Studio gave their films a huge boost. Also, generally, he made the background music of Le Roy Shield, but DIRTY WORK marks a rare occasion in this period when a Roach comedy does not have any musical accompaniment after the opening credits. The humorous music could have improved the procedures, but it does not matter; This is a very nice comedy anyway, and an excellent example of what made Laurel & Hardy so popular in its day.
