I found this film the first time I was looking for some works in which Stéphane Rideau participated, still in an extraordinary attack caused by the amazingly beautiful "Les roseaux sauvages" (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres), by André Téchiné. I was looking for similar films, in the line of coming of age. I found then "Presque Rien", a film in which the director Sébastien Lifshitz surprises us deliciously, winning a nomination for the Cannes festival in 2000. The story is about two boys, the guy "next door", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), which meets during the summer holidays. In a land far from where he lives, Mathieu spends days on the beach with his sister. There he meets Cédric, a local, with whom he begins this summer and revealing relationship, much more through the sensual and seductive personality that Stéphane Rideau gives his characters, (in "Les roseaux sauvages", 6 years younger, still preserves the innocence of the seductive sweet, the witch matures here in the experience). Exemplary when directing, in the loving sequence, in the intimate and confessing description that is made about a child who faces for the first time his sexuality (still ambiguous) and great love. The first love, in its terrible progression ecstasy-despair. The best of the film is the best of France: the fervent passion, the fiery and excited rationalism, the brownish beauty, the simple and natural acceptance made by families, although not without surprise and first anger. Still, there is the beach, the luminosity, the luminosity and the simplicity of summer, the freshness of the breeze, the melody of the wave and the expressive eyes of an introverted Elkaïm (hesitant, wounded, perplexed, passionate). Sex is not avoided or exploited, it is treated as it is, without exhibitionist intention. In virtue of pure talent, this is a drama work of uncommon quality, without cheap sentimentality, which shows an inevitably real image of two homosexuals in their youth as any ordinary person, albeit with a social fear of rejection and shame. It is worth being seen, especially by those who love French films (although the cover of the DVD is very scarce, with the two actors among dozens of stars, greased with glitter). A film witch, in my opinion, deserves an 8-9!
