I agree that the film is a bit slow in places that have many scenes of everyday life and there is no dialogue. And I was not impressed right after I saw it. However, after a few days, I realized that the movie stays with me and evokes a melancholic mood that lingers in my mind. My appreciation of this movie increases. It certainly deserves more consideration than movies that are forgotten instantly. <br /> <br /> As many have commented, the film is not linear and is a hallmark of European cinema as opposed to the linear narrative form that Los favors de hollywood I do not really know if it is true or not. Many also dislike its confusing structure and lack of clear explanations. For those viewers, I do not think there's much I can say to change their opinions. However, for others who have not yet seen the movie, you MUST be challenged and DO NOT expect the film to offer all the answers and you could enjoy it more than you would otherwise. <br /> <br /> The movie jumps a little, but actually narrates only 3 periods of time. Pay attention to the hairstyle and you can easily separate 2 of the 3 periods. Nor is it as confusing as suggested; Just enjoy it and everything will be clear at the end. <br /> <br /> Yes, many things remain unsaid or not shown, and many situations remain unexplored. But is not that how life is? For a long time you are not sure of the motives of your friends / loved ones unless you face them, and even then, you can never be 100% sure that you have been told the whole truth. This type of films forces us to interpret the reasons behind the actions. However, the movie leaves enough clues for you to make some reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is manic depressive, to the point of suicide. Why? I do not know, maybe his life is not going exactly as he expected it; perhaps he misses his family but has not forgiven his father for abandoning his sick mother in her hours of need; perhaps, after all, he sacrifices himself for Cedric, reorganizing himself and, in fact, destroying his life to be with him, realizes that everything is "falling apart". I think the director wanted to show us that he has always been a little off, with a fragile mentality for that scene with the dead bird. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and all these tensions are taking their toll. But we are also shown that he is not an animal torturous psychopath because of his amorous interaction with the stray cat. In addition, there is a conversation between the doctor and Cedric that sheds light on the reason behind the breakup and perhaps the attempted suicide. The doctor asks if everything is fine, and Cedric believes it even though he cheated on Mathieu once, but that's nothing, according to Cedric. That's the only reason, we do not know, there are probably others, all mixed. Is it of utmost importance that we know exactly what they are? I do not think so, for this movie. Another telltale sign that they are ultimately not compatible is the historical scene of the ruins. Mathieu is interested in studying the ruins, Cedric no. He is the only one with the furious hormone who focuses only on the physical side without the intellectual side that Mathieu obviously needs. <br /> <br /> Finally, the ending is quite hopeful and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the turn of events after the gloomy tone nearing the end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints for the DVD. One is the sound. It's very smooth I had to turn up the volume to listen to the dialogue and then, when it was switched to a bar or an outdoor public scene, it got too loud. The other is that subtitles can not be disabled; they stay on the screen Unfortunately, most DVDs of foreign films that have not been released by a major studio are of poor quality.
