'Presque Rien' ('Come Undone') is an earlier work by the extraordinarily talented writer / director Sébastien Lifshitz (with the collaboration of writer Stéphane Bouquet, the team that gave us the 'Wild Side'). As we understand how Lifshitz tells the stories, each of his works becomes more valuable. By allowing their tender and sensitive love stories to unfold in the same random way that is found in the minds of confused and insecure young people: time now, time spent, reflective time, imagined time, lonely time - Lifshitz makes their stories be more personal, with the participation of the spectator. With each aspect of the responses of the characters. It takes a bit of work to get into his method, but following his technique pushes us deeply into the film. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (the handsome and talented Jérémie Elkaïm) is visiting the coast, a moment to allow his mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight with his indefinite illness, attended by mundane Annick (Marie Matheron) and wise and accompanied by her sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix): her distant father has stayed at home for business reasons. Weaving in and out of the first moments of the film are the images of Mathieu alone, looking depressed, riding trains, talking to someone in a small tape recorder. We are left to ask ourselves if the action that takes place is a memory or a contemporary action. <br /> <br /> While sunbathing on the beach, Mathieu realizes that a handsome young man of his age is watching him, and we can feel Mathieu's emotions trembling with confusion. The young Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister home, continuing the mystery of the attraction. Soon, Cédric approaches Mathieu and a gentle introduction leads to a kiss that begins a passionate obsession with love. Mathieu is terrified by the direction he is taking, rejects the public approaches of Cédric, but continues looking for consignments. The two young men are completely in love and the representation of the physical aspect of this relationship, so necessary to understand this story, is shared with the audience in some very erotic and sensual scenes. However, as summer passes, Mathieu, a committed student, realizes that Cédric is a vagabond who works at a condiment stand at a carnival. It becomes clear that Cédric is the Dionysian partner, while Mathieu is the Apollonian: at a revealing moment in the architectural ruin, Mathieu is enthusiastic about the beauty of history and space, while Cédric is only interested in the place as a new hiding place to make love. <br /> <br /> Mathieu is a complex person, who faces his family ties tense by a critical illness and a father not present, the fear of his growing sexuality and his nascent passion for Cédric. His moments of joy are interrupted by Cédric's admission of infidelity and Mathieu's inability to deal with that problem and, finally, they separate. Time passes, changes are made in the family and Mathieu falls into a depression that includes a suicide attempt. The way in which Mathieu faces all these challenges and finds comfort, curiously, in one of the previous lovers of Cédric, Pierre (Nils Ohlund) takes the film to an ambiguous but totally successful climax. <br /> <br /> After watching The movie The feeling of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the film from the beginning now with the knowledge of the full story is powerful. Lifshitz has given us a meditation movie with passion, conflicts with the powers of passion found in love and a tranquil film of silences and reveries that are incomparably beautiful. The whole cast is excellent and the direction is soft and provocative. Lifshitz is undoubtedly one of the bright lights of cinematography. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended Harp grady
