What a strangely wonderful fantasy, although sometimes light and voluminous, of great budget is this. Takashi Miike had already shown, by the time of the Great Yokhai War, that he could immerse himself in other films apart from his supposed crime / yakuza niche (Visitor Q and Andromedia proved it, the former great the last minor). But here, Miike, in his first and only screen-writing credit, demonstrates that he can deliver the products in a postmodern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, and with the ship loaded with CGI, effects of creatures and makeup, and an epic battle which is more like a "festival" than something taken from The Lord of the Rings. The comparisons can be made far and wide, without a doubt, and the most obvious to jump would be Miyazaki, for the seemingly unique mixture of children as great heroes, power-hungry wizards who seek the energy of the earth as the main source, machinery as the greatest evil, and many creatures strangely defined and extravagant design (or Yokai's title). But you can also make comparisons with Star Wars, especially with the Battle of Gungan in TPM, and with all the power play between good and evil with similar forces. Or to the anime as Samurai 7. Or, of course, to Henson's films. And through all these comparisons, and even through faults or powerful moments, it's Miike all the way with the sensitivity of the effects and the characters. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki plays Tadashi, the prototypical child who starts out being somewhat gullible and sensitive to things in the world, but will become the hero in a world that goes to darkness. The darkness is of an evil sorcerer, who gets his energy from all the rage and the miserable vibes in the human world, and who is also beginning to kill the spirits and other creatures, the Yokhai, to a fire that sends them to Robots gigantic that only have one mission: destroy and kill anything in their paths. Tadashi is so excited to fight Sato, the sorcerer, while Yokai, once the main servant of Sato and his cohort, Agi (Chiaki Kuriyama of Kill Bill, another great villain) steals Tadashi's hairy little companion, a Sunekosuri. Soon, things reach a critical point, in a climax that brings to mind many other movies and fantastic stories, but they can only be contained, to some extent, by Miike and his team. I would probably recommend The Great Yokai War for children, but on the front note that it is not a watered-down fantasy in American circles. This has a lot of creatures, including a one-eyed umbrella stand and a walking and talking wall, not to mention a turtle, a fire snake and a woman who was cursed by Sato. So the variety is at the top in that sense, and one could almost feel like the creatures and the effects, which grow to unfathomable heights when the "festival" comes with Yokai reaching hundreds of miles of range. But there is also the feeling that fantasy is strong in both light and darkness, and Sunekosuri becomes perhaps the best emotional tool available to Miike (and not just because it is a square plot); Where else to anger an audience that with a small furry ball of fury, which ends in a tragic battle with Tadashi in the form of a robot? <br /> <br /> However, through all of this, the sense of anarchy that can be found in the brightest places of Miike's career is also here, what sets him apart from his animated counterparts, Muppet and of Science fiction. There is a strange humor as usual, which includes a song dedicated to the Akuzi beans at a crucial moment in the climax, and more than a few fantasy flights with the creatures and fights scenes (for example, I loved the boy with the big blue head). who has to make it smaller, or the anxious turtle-Yokai). The biggest danger with Miike's access to the larger special effects and computer magic, with which he flirts, is an exaggeration in this regard. I have everything, I'm sure, with storyboards, and create some memorable impressions with some compositions (one of them is when everything is said and done, and Tadashi and the "other" human character are in the middle of Tokyo. raised shot), but the CGI is sometimes not very convincing with the robots, and the interactions are not so extravagant, and some visual elements, such as Yokai's overlay spreading the word about the big festival on the map, just seems weak and pat. I almost wondered if Miike could dive into the (bad) territory of Spy Kids, frankly. <br /> <br /> But apart from this responsibility, the Great Yokai War offers more than a part of emotion, ridiculous emotions and innocent melodrama that came with many of the best childhood fantasies. It owes much to the cinema, as well as to traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws always turn even in their most ridiculous and confusing rhythms. He is not the best filmmaker, but working in experimentation in a commercial environment ends up benefiting. It has a small message, and a lot of great adventure. 7.5 / 10
