Many people get hooked on this movie label as a "children's movie", and that's true, although it's one made for adults. Takashi Miike uses the fantasy genre, particularly the fantasy genre for children, as a springboard into the wild territory that is the Great Yokai War. <br /> <br /> The configuration is simple: a child is selected to play the "hero" at this year's annual festival, only to discover his role is much more real than he could have imagined. What follows is an amazing trip, grotesque, whimsical and, often, fun for the world of Japanese folklore, but hope that there is also an evil lost villain who wants to destroy the world. However, the villain here is not a mere demon, it is the demonic spirit of the accumulated resentment of the things that humans "use" and "discard". Using a camera made of pure hatred / liquid resentment, the villain transforms the vibrant spirits of Yokai into improvised improvised robots ten feet high that chainsaw for weapons and eyes like burning coals (those who have played the game , Sonic The Hedghog, could remember a Dr. Robotnik performing similar procedures to the cute and tender Sonic had to "release" then. <br /> <br /> The hero in this movie is actually the least interesting character, essentially interpreting the straight man, in a world that suddenly went crazy, although he goes through the typical tests of the heroes, most of the time he cowers, like many of the Yokia themselves, who seem truly helpless against killer robots, some spirits are umbrellas with eyes, talking walls or creatures whose soul has a purpose in life is to count beans ... of course, in this world magical of Miike's Yokai war, even beans acquire a magical power when one believes in them. <br /> <br /> In several ways, this film subverts the normal conventions of children's fantasy. like few, if any, of the characters are heroic, their victory is a combination of chance, an almost arbitrary faith and a desire to party. The spirits of Yokai, only meet and besiege the hiding place of the villains, after confusing the end of the world invasion of the Earth with a great festival of Yokai, and still just dancing and celebrating. In addition, the film does not end with the usual celebration pit, which ends well with the end of the fantasy, but with a final scene, showing our hero older years, with an adult job, now unable to see the Yokai spirits of his youth, which then become dejected to the villain, that being a spirit can never really die. This end, with its Yokai spirit, which is the image of Pokemon's Pikachu, warns us not only to leave behind our childhood, but the horrors of excessive consumption. The villain is the resentment caused when humans no longer have reverence for the world and the objects that surround them (in Japanese folklore almost all objects have some kind of spirit), and when they are used and discarded as we do in the consumer societies without reverence. they become vengeful machines without souls, not very different from those seen in modern videogames, suggesting that although our imagination and myths never really die, they can deform. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scripts that Miike has contributed, and I think it shows, since there is a conceptual narrowness that sometimes is dragged by the exuberance for its visual game. Although I have mainly focused on the story (since many users here seem to write it), I mean that visually it is a CGI kaleidoscope, animation, costumes and live puppets, which works very well. The film has a dreamlike quality, and Miyazaki's comparisons are guaranteed, as are the comparisons of NeverEnding Story and Labrynth, although this film is sharper and more adult than either. The Yokai are beaten, mistreated and turned into live hate machines, which I believe even kill a few humans, an aborted deformed calf with the face of a man is born and dies in the grotesque opening of the movies, while in a sexual current, women with the long neck that licked the face of our hero child, or another persistent character remembering to touch the thigh of a young water spirit with little child clothes, seems to take a little too long for most western tastes , especially when we consider that this is a "children's movie". However, these are mild enough to catch the attention of adults, while they are small enough not to traumatize children. The horrible fairy tales, before the revisions, were much worse, much more often. <br /> <br /> All this is one of the most accessible and attractive companies of Miikes, with enough visual drama and great performances (the spirits of Yokai have a humanism and an absurd humor for them, who laugh out loud at times to attract audiences of all ages, and a constant conceptual stream strong enough to attract an adult audience that presumably has brought their children or otherwise Sense of nostalgia for the lost fantasy movies of their youth. The last group that the film seems to be addressing is the most fervent and asks them not only to continue with the passive consumption of the world that surrounds them, but also to show reverence towards those spirits within them that seemed much closer to reality in the childhood Another beautiful, funny and truly original film by an exciting director who has not yet reached its peak.
