['This is probably the best television show I&#39;ve seen. I saw it for the first time in Comedy Central several years ago. At that time I did not know that it had been dramatically edited and it was out of service, and after having seen the three series in order and without editing (thanks to the Internet and its wonderful &quot;series of tubes&quot;), I am so happy to have rediscovered it. ! I think Comedy Central somehow chose and chose their way through series one and two to do a &quot;season&quot; ...... and I tried to get my friends and family to see it, but nobody really seemed to like it ( I need new friends). So, on my own, I did the best I could. Even when I felt I was waning a bit, I still felt compelled to keep looking. Years later, when I discovered Little Britain, I immediately recognized that Pauline de LoG had influenced Marjorie in Fat Fighters. Also, I love the idea of the writers who act the whole show ... (it&#39;s not new, but it&#39;s done impeccably here). LB has nothing in LoG! (Do not get offended, Matt and David ... I love you!) This is in fact a piece of darkly comical genius. Murder in series, implicit cannibalism ... whatever you want and probably is in this wonderful and unique piece of television art. The location shots from the first scene themselves are chilling and seem to invite you to the city of Royston Vasey ... You&#39;ll never leave! I think my favorite character would have to be Tubbs, but each character as shown has its own &quot;charm&quot;. My least favorite was Papa Lazarous, until he resurfaced in series three (smart and completely unexpected)! It is better to watch several episodes in a row, since it drives continuity and, as I said before, it becomes so convincing (while rejecting) that you really CAN NOT stop seeing. This is not for those with weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandmothers (unless you have a cheeky grandmother)! I&#39;ve always liked British television, especially comedies, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, from Red Dwarf to Keeping Up Appearances, Absolutely fabulous and the British originals Coupling and The Office (but not their American counterparts ... sorry). This is different from any of those in which it completely redraws the line between what is funny and what is sick and crooked. Nothing, NOTHING on American television has approached this level of entertainment. American television is so sad and unconvincing that I can barely stand to see ANY of them. It&#39;s a bit sad that even our cable channels do not have the guts to show unedited versions of this gem (its loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are programs like this that come from &quot;across the pond&quot; and that redeem the complete medium every decade or so. The basic cable here in the USA UU He has been taking small steps in recent years in &quot;crossing lines&quot; with more graphic content, drug use and adult language, but it is still many years before we decide to be adults and show real life. adult behavior (instead of just obsessing about killing and exploding things, gee, it&#39;s like the same basic show format of the last 35 years)! Do not even make me start with American comedies! Waste of time and a lot of money wasted ... Did you know that &quot;According to Jim&quot; it has been in the air for 10 years? 10 YEARS?? Anyway ... Watch this show, put it on DVD, do what you must and then have your friends see it too! You have never seen anything like it. There are three specials that I have not seen yet ... I keep them so that they become my best friend the next time I visit. He will watch them, even if I have to chain him and paint him with Excrement! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Note that the three series deviates from one and two ... the larger city seems to disappear to focus on the newer characters, the hint of laughter is gone (thanks to hell), the theme is more band and less orchestra and a little bit of The story takes place outside of Royston Vasey. Do not get carried away by any of that, since in the end, the series has retained the quiet perversity demonstrated for the first time in series one and two. I think these four guys have created something indefinable. Bright, confident and absolutely demented. You will want to see it again and again. It&#39;s amazing that in 5 seconds of screen time they can move from a cheap gag to a horrible blasphemy and then end up with a close-up facial expression from a single actor. If I were ever to meet one of the writers / interpreters, I would beg them not to recreate it or try to overcome it ... I would just say &quot;Can I help you at all?&quot; (Then they would probably slap me, so I would ask them to sign the slap mark). 10 out of 10']
