Simon Pegg plays the role of Sidney Young, a young entertainment writer who has started the beginning of a career writing for a grassroots magazine that specializes in speaking ill of the superficiality of the rich and famous. He is doing a celebrity race, although he has a desperate desire to be a celebrity himself. The film is based on the very strange career of Toby Young, who also published a small magazine in Britain called Modern Review, which offered scathing criticism of almost everything imaginable, until he closed the magazine in a barrage of verbal bullets with his colleagues . -editor, and then went on to a spectacularly failed career as a writer for Vanity Fair, which is practically the part of his life that is told in this film. <br /> <br /> At first, he is excited to go to work for an important publication (called Sharp's Magazine in the film) and, despite his active nerves, he is radiant on his first day. Meet the editor-in-chief, Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), who is tough as nails but who is also exactly the kind of editor he needs for a fool like Young to keep his job in the magazine. It offers little in the way of Young's immediate acceptance, but it also has what can only be described as a liberal tolerance of Young's antics and inappropriate behavior. <br /> <br /> Much of the comedy in the film is derived from Young's misinterpretation or indifference to the generally accepted code of public behavior and the peculiar etiquette involved in dealing with the rich and famous. But Sidney's reasons for acting in such a strange way and for giving offensive interviews to the outside are because he thinks he hates all celebrity culture and, apparently, believes in that old saying. "If you can not beat them, join them and THEN will beat them." <br /> <br /> Complicated things are two very different women. There is a lovely, regular girl in the magazine called Alison. Olsen (Kirsten Dunst), who at first is dismayed by the obvious arrogance of Sidney and her female forms, and an impressive model named Sophie (Megan Fox), which represents the culture of celebrities. Needless to say, the endless attack of superficiality and Sidney's star is a superficial lust. For Sophie, the one that looks like a star. <br /> <br /> Sophie is incredibly beautiful, it's true, but it also seems that she does not have a single thought in her head. Alison is a normal girl, not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes her a real person. A relationship with her would have all the reality of a Britney Spears marriage, and yet the film retains a certain level of credibility because, despite how obvious this is, we also feel Sidney's pain for not chasing her (anyway I felt it). <br /> <br /> H ow To Lose Friends and Alienate People has a pretty interesting premise and is full of honest and satisfying performances, and although it becomes part of your standard romantic comedy for the third act, it has a variety of well developed and interesting characters. Danny Huston, for example, gives us a great performance as the other love interest of Alison, who pays homage to The Big Lebowski (also starring Bridges) with his ever present White Russian, one of my favorite drinks. Buy Absolute and Kahlua here in China costs the equivalent of about $ 350, but my kitchen is never without them. <br /> <br /> I'm looking forward to the day when Simon Pegg extends a little, because I love his films but I'm not sure of his reach. He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but it was only in relation to the madness that surrounded him, and finally he was himself again, which has been in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run, and now How to lose friends . It's a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else it can do.
