Actually, I really enjoyed watching this movie! At first, when I saw his poster, I thought it was just another easy romantic comedy ... but it's just more than that! Personally I think that this idea (which I'm sure a good part of the audience had just before watching the movie) is another important part of the great concept of this film itself (or even its marketing strategy). What I want to say is that today we are slaves of images. To the impressions! I went to the movies to see this movie with the wrong impression, the wrong expectations, and in the end I felt how superficial it could be. To illustrate, the sequence near the end in which Sidney buys the plane ticket to return to New York comes to mind and when he is asked to "give an autograph," which means signing the ticket, he believes that only because he He entered television thanks to the scandal at the awards, now he is a kind of celebrity. And this is just, I think, the highlight of this main theme around which the movie revolves. On top of this, I think the film also offers us a solution to get along with this, illustrated throughout the film by Sidney's attitude: do not take yourself or anyone else too seriously ... " even the saints were people at the beginning "... as Sophie once said in the movie. The saints of the moment are the stars. We attribute to them an 'aura' of perfection, of eternal happiness, but reality is much less than that. Even the saints of any religion are images, ideal models of how to behave and how to live their life. Even they were not real ... they became "real" after they died and we looked at them. And that is the trick: we need our saints! We need our stars! We fight for them as if it were not for them, we would have nothing to fight for. And television and all other media are means to create and capture our efforts. We desperately need reference points to measure ourselves. And that's how we got to the cinema to see this movie in the first place: to see if we can fit in the reference point, or if the reference point is too small for us. This time it was bigger than we expected.
