I wanted to see how to lose friends and alienate people for months, especially due to the fact that Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were starring. Simon Pegg is a genius of comedy and Kirsten Dunst has always been one of my favorite actresses. How to lose friends and alienate people! Of course it is not perfect, but very enjoyable and fun. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People follows the life of Sidney Young, a famous and clumsy British journalist, hired by a luxury magazine in New York City. Dramatically, Sidney enters high society and burns bridges with bosses, comrades and superstars. After interrupting a black tie event by allowing a wild pig to run rampant, Sidney captures the attention of Clayton Harding, editor of Sharp, and accepts a job with the magazine in New York City. Clayton warns Sidney that he should impress and charm everyone he can, if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney instantly insults and annoys the writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares to target the star clients of power publicist Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also annoys his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to annoy almost everyone. His salvation, an emerging star Sophie Maes (Megan Fox) who develops a strange affection for him. Over time, Allison's friendship may be the only thing that saves Sydney from her downward spiral career. The story is very interesting and the performance was excellent with what was given to the actors. Simon Pegg is still as funny as ever! It makes Sydney clumsy, unpleasant and annoying, however real it may be, but later, over time, it makes Sydney not only pleasant, but also a real character that you encouraged at the end. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten had a very wonderful acting and hilarious scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff, who is fucking Bridges! How can he not like you? He makes Clayton a very humorous character with some wit and, in general, you love the guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were excellent as the supporting cast. Everyone had their own personality that was generally quite unpleasant, but that's what made the movie work. One thing I did not like was the dimension of some of the characters. I understand that most were the support cast, but some of the cast were underutilized and could have given the movie a little more flavor. How to lose friends and aliens People will never be in the 10 best movies in history, or in the 10 best comedies in history, but it has a very high level of entertainment and some scenes can even delight you. How to lose friends and alienated people is definitely one of the best romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
