Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE is about dolls that come to life when humans are not around. In this adventure, they must rescue a kidnapped French doll named Babette from the captain of the pirates. On their way, they travel through Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Will the assistant of his new friend The Camel With Wrinkled Knees help them or will he simply slow them down with his hallucinations of his friends leaving him? How will they escape King Kookoo and his henchmen? What will your owner, Marcella, say when she sees her seventh birthday gift doll along with her other toys? Enchanting surprises await the two adventurers. <br /> <br /> All scores are out of a possible 10: Story: 8 - Very cute. Dolls that come to life when the teacher is not around. Not only that because they go out to many different places, but they are in an imaginary world so that anything can happen. Meet new characters, go to different places finding new friends, it's great. All the characters work so well on this too and who does not love the pirates? Acting: 8 - Each character adapts very well to his voice. Specifically the taffy enemy of Marlon Brando, The Greed. The French doll has a very tense French accent, the evil king of Hitler-esquire Kookoo (who has hair that resembles Simpson's Sideshow Bob) plays his part very well, and the sad voice of Camel's black man works perfectly. Why is it that the old dubbed animation was much better than the new ones? Music: 10 - Nothing less than perfection here. The songs have been in my head for years, and returning to see them almost 20 years later, I can still remember each of them and now I can know exactly where these songs come from. Joe Raposo from "Sesame Street" did an excellent job with the songs for this and they all sing very well. Edition: 6 - Heh, this is when it gets confusing. I mean how far did the Raggedy walk? It seems that many events happen one after another and you do not know WHO the other dolls and toys were like you never see them in the real world of the movie, but it follows some kind of way and you know that eventually getting where they need to go is Pretty hard to follow at times. <br /> <br /> Unicity: 8 - Between this and Unico, I have to say that there are parts in both films that I will never forget, no matter how hard I try Primarily the parts of fear. I've probably already mentioned how old movies were so much more creepy than today's animations, but this makes the cake a scary factor. Outside of the South Park movie and some Disney movies, there are almost no animated musicals, or good ones that come out, so it's very unique. <br /> <br /> Value: 8- It's classic. It's worth looking for a good copy, that's for sure, but the VHS copies are probably already extended. The DVD version is sold on Ebay all the time and it will definitely be something that you will see more than once. If there is something that gets it for nostalgia purposes. <br /> <br /> Overall score (not an average): 8 - It's a wonderful timeless musical made in the late 70's and can still be enjoyed today. His characters are unique and the songs are great. So cool you could find yourself humming again and again. Give your favorite stuffed animal a hug today! Reviewer's perspective (including bias): This is not like the Raggedy Ann television series made a decade later. This was a much darker and real world. The effects on this seem to be many other acid travel cartoons of the 70s, in particular, Yellow Submarine. Still, it has given me memories that I will never forget, and I could still influence the things of today. It was not easy to find but it will remain a treasure forever in my DVD and video collection.
