Oh, boy, God bless the 1970s, we got some of the most horrible movies that came out of that decade: The Exorcist, Jaws, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This movie must be used to torture the captured terrorists so they can tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world. I mean, seriously, this movie scared me so much. My sister had this movie in her VHS collection and I was curious to know what kind of movie they would make with a doll that came out of the great depression for children with very little pocket money. What the hell? It's kind of weird to see how this movie is the Toy Story version of the 70s, practically a key, only that this was a thousand times more terrifying, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to participate in drug trips for children. <br /> <br /> Every time Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann, along with her brother Raggedy Andy and a whole nursery full of colorful toys come to life. On Marcella's birthday, a new doll, Babette, arrives from Paris, France to the United States of America. Babette is a spoiled creature who does not know she is a doll, but the friendly Raggedy Ann does everything possible to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate Captain Contagioso kidnaps her. Raggedy Ann and Andy tried to rescue her before Marcella discovers that Babette is gone. In the world outside the nursery, the two meet the Camel with wrinkled knees, a blue toy camel that has been discarded by previous owners and is now disconsolate and lonely. After Raggedy Ann and Andy get on the Camel, he begins to follow his hallucinations and, without looking, runs along the edge of a cliff into a deep well. In this hole they meet the greedy one, who is a gigantic taffy glutton who constantly eats and is never full. Do the Raggedys and the Camel narrowly escape being consumed by the greedy and continue their journey to find Babette? and believe me, from this point it becomes weirder. <br /> <br /> Although this movie was certainly disturbing and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes for a lot of the movie, it was actually quite creative. On the day we had a hand-drawn animation that made the films more personal and that the writers and animators put all their efforts into it, it can be said that they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This certainly was not the worst movie I've seen in my life, I just do not know who to recommend it to. As scared as I was, I have to admit that I'm glad I saw it, sometimes you need a "WTF?" movie to spice up your selection, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann had no problem doing that with me. It's official, that doll is just creepy, let's say it this way, there's a giant river of candy that eats it all, a king whose head keeps growing while he laughs, a strange thing that humiliates Raggedy Ann and her brother, a stranger I almost incest between Ann and Andy and a couple of naked dolls that will always chase my dreams with their songs. Yikes <br /> <br /> 7/10
