It took me a couple of looks to really wrap myself around this one, but for me Tears of Kali is one of the climactic moments of the horror of the 00s and, to the extent that the independent horror is a true masterpiece. An anthology of terror, it takes on the story of the fictitious Taylor-Eriksson Group, a type of cult based in India whose members launched themselves in search of final self-knowledge and the healing of the psyche, with unpleasant results that resonate over the years . With segments of binding in India, the film is composed mainly of three stories set in Germany, which illustrate the consequences of the work of the Taylor-Eriksson Group, sometimes with some rather unpleasant gems. It is an interesting staging as things go, but what distinguishes this film is the way in which the images are configured so carefully to develop horror films. Bad things have been unleashed and the general course of the film is a look at how the search for self-knowledge and ultimate therapy brings horror to patients, healers and others, and the film is loaded with clever visual clues about the power of the forces dark with which it deals, dark forces not united by time, place or even personality. Good examples of this are found in the first story, especially when it comes to a journalist interviewing a woman in a psychiatric hospital. Before this story, we have seen Lars Eriksson and remarkably his crooked eye (lazy?), We also see him healing or at least comforting a patient. The mental patient of the first story is seen in the same position as Eriksson healing a patient, also while wrapping the canvases of the kind of art he directs among his patients, one of his photographs is seen, a face with lazy. Eye like Erikssons. There are also references to people with tiny roles, extras and walks who have additional sensory perceptions of what is happening in the film, showing the evil that has been unleashed and that can almost infect others. There is more to the film than, philosophically, not just inner evil, it's a film about death, suffering and possible redemption, all linked in a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that seems like it could be an exploitation , but it has more relation to reality. beliefs that one might expect (at least from the research I did in wikipedia). The writer / director Andreas Marschall definitely deserves a significant credit for his ability to build the film. Besides being thoughtful, the film is also quite chilling, the soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama. John has a great and mysterious piano tinkle and there are a couple of notable performances, Michael Balaun as a sinister doctor and Cora Chilcot as a rare patient good. The third story also has a good twist on the veteran Mathieu Carrière as a healer. The biggest problem with the film is that it does not involve much of the time, so the potential for fear is lost, but these and a couple of other actions manage to get involved quite well. Therefore, the film is not as exciting as it could be, the performance is occasionally deactivated and the rhythm too, but above all I thought it was quite good, although a little less than its possible brightness. Well worth looking at for the adventurous terror fans, I think.
