Where was this movie when I was a kid? After their parents separated, Tadashi moves in with his mother to live with his grandfather. Tadashi's sister stays with her dad and they talk frequently on the phone. Grandpa is only "here" every three days. Moms are never at home. Children are always bothering the poor child. During a festival in a village, Tadashi is chosen as the "Kirin rider" or spiritual champion of peace and justice. Little suspects that soon will have to assume the role of hero when the forces of darkness join the anger of things discarded in a plot to destroy humanity and the spiritual world. <br /> <br /> It's okay that It was the easy part. Now comes the difficult part, try to explain the movie. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie for children. No, this is a great movie, defective, (very defective?) But a great movie, nonetheless. It develops like all those great books you loved when you were a child and it is so dense at times that Tadashi struggles to find the strength to become a hero. Seeing it, I felt I was reading a great book, and I thought how big this would have been if it were a book. I loved that the film does not follow a normal path. Things often happen by chance or lack of communication, a character is absorbed by events simply because his foot falls asleep. There are twists, turns and moments that seem not to be kidnappers and are even more charming (which is typical of Miike). It's certainly a Takashi Miike movie. That Japanese film master is clearly in charge of a film that is often moving, scary and fun at the same time. Nobody, except Miike, seems to understand that you can have many emotions at the same time, or that you can have sudden turns as things go dark for a second and then they become funny the next. I admire the fact that Miike has made a gloomy and hopeful film, that does not scare scare, I mean really terrifying, especially for children. This is the same dark territory that should be in the Harry Potter films, but it rarely is. This is a dark tale with humor. My first reaction to seeing the start image was that I could not believe that someone could start a children's movie with an image of the end of the world, then I realized who was making the film. Congratulations to Miike for making a movie that knows that children can handle terrifying images. <br /> <br /> It also works on more than one level. The mechanical monsters that bad guys do are forged from the discarded garbage of humanity. It is the anger of being discarded that feeds the monsters. One of the Yokai (spirits) talks about the shoes of anger that are thrown because they are dirty or if they feel too small when they are thrown away. You also have one of the good ones who refuse to join the bad guys because that would be human. It's a crazy concept, but like other things that float around what elevates this movie to another level. (There are many riffs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me wonder who this film is for, since children may not understand them, although many parents will). And, of course, there are the monsters. They travel the whole range of cheese to spectacular with stops everywhere. Frankly, you have to forgive the unevenness of your creation, simply because there have to be hundreds, if not thousands, of monsters on the screen. It's great and it works. One of the main characters is a Yokai, which I think is best described as a hamster in a tunic and often interpreted by a stuffed animal. It seems silly and, nevertheless, you will be cheering the little fag and wanting every moment that rides in Tadashi's head. . (Acceptance is also easier if you've ever seen the old woodcuts of the strange Japanese monsters). I mentioned failures, and there are some. The effects are uneven, some of the sudden turns are a bit strange (even if they are understandable) and some other minor things that are fading about two hours after watching the movie. None of them harms the movie in general, however most kind of prevent you from being completely happy with the movie. <br /> <br /> I really loved this movie. I'm pretty sure that if I had seen this as a child, it would have been my favorite movie of all time. (Where is the dub in English?). See this movie It is a great trip. (It's also a good introduction to Miike's films without blood and graphic sex)
