Presented as the "first family movie" by Takashi Miike, by people who have not seen Zebraman, probably. YOKAI DAISENSO takes things even further in the direction of family friendship, diluting darkness and cynicism to create a great fantasy fairytale. Young people are chosen by destiny to save the world from the monsters and horrors of which they remain unconscious. The film is obviously cheaper than anything else Miike has done, with a lot of CGI to create a fantasy world populated by strange creatures (YOKAI). Perhaps the lack of extreme content is a consequence of more nervous investors, but I think it is likely that he wanted to do something different. It has never really been a pony of a single trick, but it is often accused, perhaps YOKAI is designed to silence those critics. In any case, it is a great project for Miike to channel his unlimited imagination and invention. <br /> <br /> There is a very caricatural feeling in the production, which evokes thoughts of Miyazaki in some places. The Yokai are based on an old series of comics that, on the other hand, are based on Japanese folk tales, which certainly also influenced Miyazaki (especially SPIRITED AWAY). It must be remembered that Miike has nothing to do with the budget of a Harry Potter film to work, so special effects are not going to be a perfect job Hollywood style: some blue projections are especially obvious. However, some of the special effects are great, with some creatures very well animated (a mix of CG, stop-motion and puppetry). I think the little puppet of socks that follows the hero for much of the movie was * destined * to look really cheap, and it's all he likes most :) The young man who plays the hero of the movie does a very good job - It is very difficult to find a preteen who really understands the concept of acting, but Ryunosuke Kamiki, 9 years old, is a real talent (I see he made voices in Miyazaki's last 2 films). Chiaki Kuriyama is delicious as the villain of the piece, although Mai Takahashi made an even greater impression as the river princess with the pixie ears: mmm! Those who are looking for another violent and perverted gangster movie will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you are a Miike fan for your imagination and wit, there is a lot to be fulfilled here. And it has the added advantage that you can put it in any company you have :)
