['Yesterday it aired on television, so I decided to check it. This was one of the last projects of Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV related to his old Batman the 1992 1992 Series, after Jeff Matsuda appeared and reimagined Batman with his new series The Batman, but anyway, the story of this new Batman The film focuses on the appearance of a new vigilante known as Batwoman, however, Batman feels the need to stop her due to her extreme methods, and also meanwhile knocks down The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn, both are working on secret with Carlton Duquesne (who has family problems) and another villain (who is later revealed in the film) in a weapons smuggling operation, they also give a reward to the Batwoman. The question is: who is this mysterious Batwoman and is it possible that they can be more than one? It&#39;s up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop the last Penguin operation. For an animated film, it has a fairly complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another advantage was the complete redesign of Penguin, which looks much more like the sophisticated Mob Boss we&#39;re used to seeing in comics, unlike its earlier designs that borrowed elements from Tim Burton&#39;s Pengium vision (sewer rat and Circus phenomenon). Although the film contains a secondary plot of love, it has never been taken that far and does not derail the film as Batman Forever says. Voice acting is of standard quality for these direct video projects (if only Batman: Mask of Phantasm took this route), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And, as I said, despite running for about 80 very short minutes, he manages to make a pretty good (and complex) story complete with a few minor twists and a lot of action. There are some drawbacks, however, Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I am sure that Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not click as a couple, although it is only referred to, Tim Drake (also known as Robin) very recently In the Film and to be quite frank, I was never a big fan of the Batman character design of Paul Dini and Bruce Timm (especially in his post-BTAS Batman shows), this New Adventures of Batman and Robin, well, makes Batman look fat then, rather, a well-built mass individual (like the character model of Jeff Matsuda from The Batman). Bruce Wayne seems a bit uncomfortable, those blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent than Bruce (although it is true that they are very similar). Another drawback is Rupert Throne (there is no explanation as to why he is in this deal, but it is safe to say that he has thugs and what a cut of the deal is) that does very little more than go out with the Penguim or hurt each time he point a gun at someone (count how many times this happens in the movie and you will be surprised.) In general, a good animated Batman movie, which is worth renting at least.']
