THIS POINT CAN CONTAIN SPOILERS: <br /> <br /> Although 5 years have passed since the series ended and WB was currently working on Justice League, this animated film is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? Well, if Mask of the Phantasm complements the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero complements the 15 episodes of The Adventures of Batman and Robin, then Mystery of the Batwoman complements the last 24 episodes of the Batman version of Gotham Knights . Kevin Conroy, once again, offers a voice-over performance that is nothing less than excellence and perfection. I admit I was a little worried when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think about were the old Batman comics of the 50s. But I was impressed by the Batwoman character, her appearance, her disguise (which I assumed inspired Bruce Wayne to create the disguise in Batman Beyond) and the fact that this movie keeps you guessing who Batwoman is. If you want to know who Batwoman is, buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon makes a cameo and I think the writers were trying to imply that Bruce and Barbara had something between them like they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is small and, unfortunately, there are no signs of Dick Grayson aka Nightwing, which leads me to believe that he has settled in Bludhaven (his city in comics). /> <br /> Of the three Batwoman suspects, my favorite is Kathy Duquesne, who looks a lot like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a great job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to the villains, I'm glad that Penguin was one of them, but I did not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy just did not sound good. The same goes for Robin. The new guy did it well, but just when I was starting to get used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who expresses the voice of Carlton Duquesne, is now the voice of the Joker in the series "The Batman". And finally we see how Rupert Thorne looks refreshed since he did not appear in the episodes of the Knights of Gotham. The late John Vernon will be missed. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva as Bane's voice, if he had to be replaced, they had the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I wish they had used Two Face, Riddler, or the scary version of the Scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The musical score and especially the introduction of soft sound were excellent. I wish I was on a soundtrack and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie at the Iceberg Lounge along with her song, Betcha Neva. Although some think that this movie is weaker than the Phantom Mask and the Subzero, it seems to me as strong and nice as the rest, and as I said before, it is a long film based on the Batman version of Gotham Knights, which I think it gives a good balance. At least I would recommend renting this DVD before buying it for those who distrust this movie, but personally, it is worth buying it. I give a 9 to the Mystery of the Batista.
