Fans of 'Capital City' rejoice! This first season of this series is now available on the network DVD and I recently received my copy! Although to a large extent it is a piece of set of characters of operations floor 'maverick' 'CAPITAL CITY' presents us several moments through its first and second season in which each member of the team plays an important role in a central plot or particular peripheral. The cultural mix (English, Irish, American, German, Polish) of Head Trader staff group Wendy Foley (played by Joanna Phillips-Lane) is balanced by her own gestures, interests and distinctive personalities that help make the character quite unknown and, for most people, the seemingly sterile financial trade theme is reasonably committed through the attractive performances of the cast. In fact, this young and apparently dynamic team of employees is in direct contrast to Shane Longman's rather serious and outdated senior management, represented by Lee Wolf (Richard Le Parmentier) and James Farrell (Denys Hawthorne). I suspect that such an unconventional way of working as the one used by Wendy's team would not have become a reality had it not been for the young and lonely 'free spirit' that Peter Longman inherited from his father of 30 percent of the company shares and allowed a more modern style. , the relaxed and modern way of business becomes a reality. To some extent, the immediate supervisor Leonard Ansen (John Bowe) of Wendy's (make me believe) follows the establishment of the traditional way of running the company, however, his fondness for Wendy prefers to see him occupying the "middle ground" in most of the occasions. The main interest in the series, I think, comes from the romantic attraction simmered between Declan, by Douglas Hodge, and the charming and attractive blonde-haired German trader Michelle Hauptmann (played by Trevyn McDowell) who had viewers continually wondering if The situation between these two colleagues would develop beyond the close friendship / hobby that they undoubtedly have. <br /> <br /> We hope to see this title and, hopefully, the second season of thirteen will not be too far away!
