It begins with several of the principles in a stage directed at Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is the driver and begins his usual tirade against women in general, with his girlfriend Pearl as an exception. Then she tells a confused version of the biblical story of Samson to justify his retention of long whiskers against the wishes of Pearl, who is the barber of the village, no less, and who says that if everyone followed her example, she would be left without work. This point will once again dominate the last scene of the movie. Gabby seems an irritation to some critics, but it is a definite advantage for this. It's a shame he was not in Randoph Scott's best westerns to help lighten Randy's usual iron-jawed behavior. Also at this stage are Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, as Celia Wallace), with whom he is becoming familiar, and a little girl (Myrtle), from whom he soon becomes a hero when he rescues her. the fugitive stage after it is held by a man of confidence from Randy's wheelchair uncle, John Armin (George Cleveland), who essentially runs the city. <br /> <br /> Randy soon learns that his uncle, and by extension, himself, is not exactly popular with the people of the city. However, he quickly forms a useful friendship with Gabby. After he learns that Uncle John was responsible for the suspension of his commercial competitor, Celia Wallace, and the associated murder, he demands that Uncle John return the money and decide to work for Celia and her brother Ted (Russell Hayden) , instead of for tio john. <br /> <br /> As his rival's perspectives increase, Uncle John decides to plant an informant (Barbara Britton, like Letty Tyler) in Wallace's office, to keep him informed about when they are delivering the ore from the mines to the city. so he can sabotage his career. When this does not work, he resorts to the draconian tactic of organizing a fire in his own office, which is why Randy is blamed. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty's apartment confronting her with suggestive evidence that she was cheating Uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This puts him and Letty at the dog house with Celia (her apparent boyfriend) and Ted (who hopes to attract Letty). This news also puts an end to Uncle John's trust in Letty as an informant, and he suggests that she leave the city. Instead, he changes sides and tells the Wallaces why Randy was in his apartment. Uncle John tries once again to sabotage his ore career, and when that fails, there is a general shooting in the city. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well constructed and executed, with complicated relationships between the principles and a variety of obstacles for Randy to overcome, with the help of his associates sometimes. At least, Randy was spared the need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had the option of avoiding murder, but he arrogantly trusted that a woman would not have the guts to carry out her threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful healthy bachelors, as well as little Myrtle, helped a lot to lighten the otherwise tense atmosphere in this battle for survival, as Uncle John said. <br /> <br /> It seems strange that Barbara Britton, the "bad" girl, gets the best female bill about Catherine Craig, Randy's love interest. Barbara's camera time was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up on the Lassie television series presenting George Cleveland as "Gramps" will be surprised to find him playing such an evil villain. We can ask if your wheelchair condition is related to this person. This leaves him with few options to make a living in the wild west. Without the apparent family to help him support him (except for Randy), he can not afford to be beaten by some rookie in the city's most profitable business. On the other hand, from his conversations, he probably achieved his status as "boss" of the city before turning into a wheelchair.
