Robert Culp (they call his character "doctor" ... I think he's a veterinarian or something) and the family moves to an affluent suburb, without taxes and without any law. Culp and his dog, with the jaw of the flashlight, almost kill each other when some neighboring local idiots kids get drunk and "go cruising" in their front yard at 60 mph. He files charges, which arouses the children's anger, and suddenly he and his family are victims of a violent and disturbing joke campaign. <br /> <br /> Marilyn Manson, er, Marlyn Mason rather, plays her restless, boiled-the wife's husband, who urges him not to use violence against his taunts, and who simply wants to move somewhere with decent public services. But The System is not taking Culp anywhere, and he's not willing to leave his home because of some punk kids and his crazy rock and roll music. And we all know what movie people do when the system fails ... (but this is based on a real story, which makes it even better). <br /> <br /> It must be kept in mind that, even if the evil villains do it. They have a convenient "teen" funk-o-matic theme from the 70s that warns us when they're not doing anything good, this movie actually ends up treating the age groups in an impartial way (seriously!). It does not make a great generational thing about it. Congratulations on that. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if you like dogs (or at least you believe in protecting their civil rights, like me), and you like justice, and you like fire, and you like justice for dogs. way of the fire, and you think that people who nervously slip away from problematic communities are "too soft", so the spirit of this movie is your alley. No, it's not really "good", at least not in a widely recognized sense of the word. There is nothing subtle, neither underestimated nor intelligent, it is just a kind of PSA for vigilantism. However, it does capture the feeling of some memorable scenes in other beloved works. Remember Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns when Batman takes the Mutants on horseback to recover Gotham City? Do you remember that scene in A Christmas Story where the boy hits the bully's face? Do you remember how great that was? Or do you just hate that your neighbors see you funny? Yes, mon. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this was a movie made for the 1973 television that, by chance, I picked up at 4 am at my local WB subsidiary, and it probably is not meant for DVD release. But after being inspired by this movie, do you think I'm going to sit here and drink it?
