This low budget erotic thriller that has some good points, but much more bad. The plot revolves around a lawyer who tries to clean up her lover, accused of murdering his wife. Being a soft core movie, that implies that she goes underground in a strip club and has sex with potential suspects. As the frames go for this type of genre, not for bad. The script is fine, and the story has enough sense for someone to get up at 2 AM to look at this so as not to notice too many holes in the plot. But everything else in the movie seems cheap. The main actors are not so bad, but almost all the supporters are incredibly bad (it seems that a girl is drunk and / or drugged). The cinematography is poorly lit, with everything that looks grainy and ugly. The sound is so terrible that you can barely hear what people say. The worst thing about this movie is the reason why you're watching it: sex. The reason why people see these things is because of sex scenes with really hot girls in Red Shoe Diary situations. The sex scenes are not hot, they are sordid, filmed in that porn style where everything is just a master photo of two people. The woman also seems to be shelters from a porn photo session. I'm not trying to be rude or bad here, but everyone has that kind of breast implants and a worn / worn look. Even the title, "Deviant Obsession", sounds like a Hardcore movie. It's not that I do not have anything against porn, in fact I love it. But I want my soft core and my hard core to be separated. What happened to actresses like Shannon Tweed, Jacqueline Lovell, Shannon Whirry and Kim Dawson? Women who could act and who would wake you up totally. And what happened to erotic thrillers like Body Chemistry, Nighteyes and even Stripped to Kill. Of course, none of these was a masterpiece, but at least they looked like movies. Also, they were pushing the envelope, going beyond the relatively rude Hollywood stance on sex, sexual obsessions and perversions. Now they only make hard movies without hard sex.
