['Nobody really understands the logic behind the numbering of Italian zombie movies, but honestly, why would we bother? Each of the films in the series &quot;Zombi&quot; offers great fun, unpleasant gems and free downloads, and &quot;Zombie 3&quot; is no exception, despite all the production difficulties that occurred during the filming. This film began as an interesting project by Lucio Fulci, who had to delve into the success of &quot;Zombi 2&quot;, but ended up being a typical product of Bruno Mattei with more flaws and ideas stolen from previous films. The script is irremediably inept and ignores all forms of continuity, every clever idea of &quot;The Night of the Living Dead&quot; and &quot;The Fools&quot; by George A. Romero repeats itself here without shame and the performances they perform are really miserable and painful. watch. However, all this did not bother me for a moment because the sublime gore over-the-top makes up for everything! At a secret army base in the Philippines, the scientists completed the bacterial war virus &quot;Death One&quot; and prepared it for transport. After an unsuccessful attempt to steal the virus, the infected body of a terrorist is incinerated and the ashes of zombies contaminate the entire population of a nearby tourist village. The last group of survivors has to fight against hyperactive and inhumanly strong zombies, as well as soldiers with white monkeys who were instructed to kill everything that moves in the contaminated area. This movie is comparable to &quot;Nightmare City&quot; by Umberto Lenzi. Really bad ... but incredibly entertaining with fast action sequences and various crazy situations of very creative zombies. The undead birds were original, for example, and the entire sequence of zombie births in the abandoned hospital was also quite good. The infamous scene of the flying head is not as horrible as it seems, and belongs perfectly to this film of Italian zombies cheesy and quite nice. Recommended to fans; I do not care about the negative reviews.']
