A glacial slide inside a mountain of cavernous ice sends its three characters down a wet slide that never ends and that has enough courage to dazzle children in the same way that the mature public can be dazzled by the sequence of the stargate that closes 2001: a space odyssey. Thousands of views, but it is a scene of great haste and emotion, nonetheless. A magnificent opening sequence also takes place where a furry creature like a squirrel tries to hide its precious acorn. You've probably seen this scene in the trailer, but as it happens, a domino effect begins when the mountain begins to crack and, as a result, an avalanche. The horror continues to advance as the creature tries to overcome the impossible. <br /> <br /> The film tracks two characters, a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and a lazy cock (John Leguizamo) when they try to migrate south. They find a human baby they adopt and then decide to trace the figures of the parents to return to them. They are joined by a saber tiger named Diego (Denis Leary) whose predatory intentions are to take the baby to his clan of tigers, taking the mammoth and the lazy to a trap. The family that eats Diego's meat wants the mammoth more than anything, but Diego's learned friendship values ​​facilitate the choice at the end. <br /> <br /> Along the journey there are fatal natural hazards of the world, including an erupting volcano and a glacial bridge that threatens to melt momentarily and reminiscent of the castle that escapes in Shrek. The characters contemplate why they are in the Ice Age, while they might have called it The Big Chill or Nippy Era. Some characters want an upcoming global warming. Another great line about mating problems between girlfriends: `All the big boys are never close. The sensitive ones eat. The disposable lines in abundance, the whimsical comedy and the adventure with light fingers make this quite easy to see. In addition, the food is so scarce for the pleasant vegetarians that they consider the dandelions and pineapples as "good food". <br /> <br /> The vocal talents of Romano, Leguizamo and Leary do their characters well, while children will revel in their antics, adults will be attracted to their own talents. There is some mild violence and intense content, but children will be excited about the emotion and will have one of their first presentations of the ancient battle of good versus evil, and family tradition and friendship are strong thematic bonds. The animators also make a majestic use of background landscapes that are incredibly fantastic. <br /> <br />
