"Ice Age" is one of the animated films produced by Blue Sky Studios and launched in 2002 as the company's first. We are introduced to the main characters: a squirrel named Scrat (with the voice of Chris Wedge, and PLEASE, NOTE: the sound of Scrat's screams is the sound of Tom's shouting from the "Tom and Jerry" cartoons) , a woolly mammoth called Manny by Ray Romano from "Everybody Loves Raymond"), a lazy named Sid (played by John Leguizamo from "Titan AE"), and a saber-toothed tiger named Diego (played by Denis Leary of "A Bug's Life "by Pixar). <br /> <br /> The movie starts with Scrat trying to bury an acorn and right after that, it caused an avalanche. Then we see a herd that heads south for the next Ice Age (except Manny, who goes the other way looking for other mammoths that looked like him). Sid comes out of his cave yawning and saw that his family abandoned him. Then pay toll with some aardvarks. Unfortunately, he is pursued by Sylvia (voiced by Kirsten Johnston of "3rd Rock from the Sun"), a lazy female orange, who wants Sid to emigrate with her. Sid eventually joins with Manny, and they became friends. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, close to a human tribe, Soto (voiced by Goran Visnjic), an evil saber-toothed tiger, wants revenge on the tribe's leader for killing off half of his pack by stealing his son, Roshan, away from him. In the morning, he, Diego and the henchmen of Soto, Lenny (voiced by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (voiced by Diedrich Bader), and Zeke (voiced by Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the wife The leader escaped with Roshan and gave A Manny and Sid to take care of them. Finally, Diego joined them and undertook a trip to return Roshan to his tribe, which is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshan, supporting characters there include a pack of wolves that the Roshan tribe is using, and not to mention a lazy purple female named Jennifer (voiced by Jane Krakowski), and a skinny lazy yellow female named Rachel (voiced by Lori Bagley), whom Sid shows Roshan as they relax in a tar pit. By the way, the two rhinoceroses, Carl (with the voice of Cedric The Entertainer of "Madagascar" of PDI), and Frank (with the voice of Stephen Root of "Finding Nemo" of Pixar), that persecute Sid for ruining their food and they face Manny on a cliff, They are simple minor characters. The same happened with the dodos, which use melons as a food supply. <br /> <br /> The gags in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his trunk saying: "I DO NOT GO!" When Jennifer and Rachel are out of the tar pit, Sid asks Jennifer, "What do you say if we jump into the gene pool and see what happens?" Jennifer responds: "What do you say if you are going to jump to TAR PIT?" Rachel also kicks Sid in the waist. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid by the neck with her teeth, then she asks Sid if he is holding his breath, tells Diego to eat it and leaves quickly. <br /> <br /> Since the "Ice Age" is not only a success, but it has 2 sequels: the first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown", which was launched in 2006, and the other one was "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs ", which will be released next year. I can hardly die waiting to see what it will be like "It was ice: the dawn of the dinosaurs".
