I have seen Slaughter High several times over the years, and I always found out that it was an entertaining movie with a strange sense of humor, but I never knew it was filmed in the UK, and I never knew that the actor who plays Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) committed suicide after the movie was released. I suppose, while I saw it last night, I noticed that the actors' phrases seem quite strange to the Americans, and some of them are not very good at hiding their English accents. <br /> <br /> However, all this aside, this is the story of the class nerd, Marty, who is the target of the jokes of his classmates, and on a particular day, April Fools Day, was attracted to the wardrobe of a girl by a Caroline Munro (yes, playing a teenager) and humiliated. great moment in the movie. Of course, the trainer catches the gang at work and everyone is given a strenuous exercise to punish them, but not before a couple of boys do Marty a joint, who tries to smoke in the chemistry lab, but he is full of something that makes him sick and when he runs to the bathroom, one of his companions enters and puts a chemical that reacts with something Marty is mixing, which results in a fire and the spillage of a bottle of nitric acid, which leaves the poor Marty burned and with horrible scars. <br /> <br /> Ten years later, this same gang heads to their class reunion in old Doddsville High, which seems strangely closed and inaccessible, but thanks to ingenuity they manage to enter and find the seemingly abandoned place .. except that there is a room where a banquet and a liquor are organized and, of course, they eat, drink and rejoice. Because they will die soon, of course. <br /> <br /> The gang is harassed one by one by a figure in the mask of a jester, but could it be Marty? They do not know, they think that they are in an insane asylum or working for IBM, they are not sure which one. But whoever it is, is doing a quick job with them. Particularly unpleasant is the girl who bathes to wash the blood of one of her companions whose bowels pounced on her when she drank poisoned beer. She is the victim of an acid bath that I think may have been one of the parts originally cut in the tape version, because I found it very unpleasant when I saw it this time. I could be wrong, but I think it was not on the tape. <br /> <br /> In any case, there is a bit of an ending, and I think that also contains images that are not on the tape. There was also a bit of frontal nudity at the beginning that was also removed, but apart from that, I did not really notice if there were other bits in this version without cuts, probably like that, but it's been a while since I last saw it. In any case, if you are a fan of 80's slasher movies, take the new release DVD, because it is a small and fun slasher with a good atmosphere. 7 out of 10
