Slaughter High begins like any other day at Doddsville County High School, where little Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) has tricked Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore), a resident nerd, into the girls' changing rooms, where she tells him to undress in the shower while doing it. Carol's gang of friends comes in and gives Marty a big surprise, now naked, while they film her while they stick their heads in the girls' toilet in a joke on April Fool's Day. The school sports coach (Marc Smith) saves Marty and punishes the gang that blames Marty harshly, they decide to play another trick with him just this time things get out of control and Marty is caught in an explosion and has nitric acid splashed on his face. Years later and the whole gang is invited to a class meeting at the school that is now closed, everyone arrives to discover that they are the only ones there. Everyone ventures inside, where they quickly learn that they are not the only ones who are there since Marty is back and has revenge on his mind ... <br /> <br /> Originally filmed under the title April Fool's Day, which probably changed because of another slasher movie called April Fool's Day (1986) made in the same year, this co-production of American English is unusual since it has three writers and accredited directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after never having seen a movie with three credits) Now I've seen two in a week, the other is the film Kickboxer (1989) by Jean-Claude Van Damme and I must say that I really liked Slaughter High, although it seems to have a pretty bad reputation. One of the things that I like about the script is that it is a pure and shameless slasher movie, it does not try to be something else and it only accepts the rules of the genres, the brief presentations and the traps, and reproduces them. Basically, it fulfills what it promises: a murderous murderer, blood, tits and babies. I thought the characters were good, that the story was fine, although it's just an excuse to get a lot of teenagers inside an isolated place so that a killer can hit them one by one and I actually liked the final turn, which also It's something for which Slaughter High gets a lot of criticism. The first half starts a little slow, but the second half advances at a knot speed, as there is one bloody killing after another. Some of the situations and reactions of the characters make little sense, but the same can be said about almost any film that has been made, so who is complaining? <br /> <br /> Even though three of Slaughter High's renowned directors were quite good, I liked the look of the movie a lot. The isolated isolated school turned into a really atmospheric location and it looked good, the manufacturers launch a good storm and there is also a good photograph, especially at the end, where there are numerous impressive uninterrupted long-term tracking tracks that follow Carol through several corridors of the school in ruins. While it is not particularly elegant, it certainly looks pretty good and is professionally done. Here is some blood that includes burned bodies, people fused with acid, impalements, stomach explosions, axes in the faces and death by the lawn mower, as well as someone who drowns in fecal matter down a drain! The special effects are also better than one would expect and I was impressed and pleased the amount of bodies higher than expected. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is better than I expected and overcomes the low budget horror shit. It was launched today, although I would have thought it was a relatively low budget. Supposedly set in the United States, it was obviously filmed in England. Harry Manfredini composes another score that sounds exactly like all his other musical scores and is basically the same as that of the theme of Friday the 13th (1980) and its sequels. Anyone who lives here in the UK will probably recognize Billy Hartman, who played Frank as a regular player on Emmerdale Farm (one of our best rated soap operas in the nation) in which he plays Terry Woods! While most of the terror fans will recognize the sexy Caroline Munro in a rare star role. The legendary producer of exploitation Dick Randall did the same in Slaughter High and, in fact, appears in the film as a producer of porn movies ... talk about typecasting! You can also see a poster of the misunderstood brilliance that Pieces (1982) also produced behind him in his office. <br /> <br /> Slaughter High is a slasher movie that I really liked, did you see it? ? I did not say it was great. In fact, I said that I liked it on a personal level and I am sure that the predictable plot and the lack of history will probably be left aside, so I can not recommend it, but I can say that I liked it. Make that what you want. Be sure to see the uncut version if you ever decide you want to review it. If you are not a fan of the flick slasher genre, Slaughter High will not change your mind, but if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher, you could do much worse.
