Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who makes art with less imaginable "artistic" objects. Burtynsky's camera converts everyday objects, such as boxes, boxes, metal containers, etc. - items that most of us perceive as utilitarian in the best of cases and discard as absolutely without aesthetic merit - they become glorious art objects in art. He achieves this result by focusing on the recurring colors and geometric patterns that are apparently always present in the industrialized world, that is, for those who are sufficiently perceptive to detect them. Even heaps of compacted garbage can become objects of beauty when viewed through the lens of Burtynsky (but did not we know that by "Wall-E"?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards where Man has already made inroads into nature, which may explain why sometimes even the people in his paintings (ie the workers of those places), with their clothes uniform and robotic movements, become part of the industrial landscape. <br /> <br /> "Landscapes manufactured", a documentary about the work of Burtynsky, has the feeling of a "Koyaanisqatsi", as it dazzles us with its kaleidoscope of very varied images and patterns. . In fact, director Jennifer Baichwal and cinematographer Peter Mettler capture the essence of the original photos in purely cinematographic terms, while her own camera records Burtynsky and her assistant doing photo shoots at a factory in China, a shipyard in Bangladesh , and the construction site in the massive project of the Three Rivers Gorge dam in China. With their fluid camera work, the filmmakers combine the beauty of Burtynsky's images point by point. In fact, the film begins with an impressive eight-minute capture of a Chinese factory in which hundreds of workers in similar clothing work in perfectly symmetrical rows with coordinated colors. <br /> <br /> The film has less Good, when Burtynsky manages to articulate the "themes" of his work, which, frankly, sound confusing, contradictory and, in the best of cases, half-hearted. But it is like a purely aesthetic experience, highlighting the image and the form, that "Landscapes made" resonates more. In the case of Burtynsky, perhaps, an image really worth more than a thousand words.
