I had heard that this movie was a study of the art of a landscape photographer in presenting the beauty of the deconstruction of man's natural landscape. Without a doubt, he showed the laborious activities to find locations, set up shots and capture hard images whose final destinations were art studios around the world. Placing them together in moving pictures is really a horror show. <br /> <br /> This film oozes by supplanting the impact of frightening images with soft waves of a wonderful industrial soundtrack that guides you in a slow moving river. Each sequence stands on its own, but in combination, it goes deeper and deeper into the overwhelming sense of inevitability. There are few words, this allows greatness in what is shown preach in your own way. A tremendous and massive factory full of human automatons that live in dorms without life. People died early while looking for recyclable waste in the mountains of our electronic waste. The birth of gigantic ships and their destruction by hand in gigantic cemeteries. The construction of the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in the history of mankind and probably of all time. The lapse of time when a city dies and is reborn simultaneously in a replica of modernity that purposefully destroys all the relics of the culture that it was. <br /> <br /> The most frightening image for me was a dam engineer who explains that the most important dam function was flood control. The shot moves towards the orchard behind the spokesman, where the level of the last flood is observed by the toxic water that ate the bark of the trees, which shows that only the most horrible vermin could be living in the waters. <br /> <br /> The obvious of not being declared is much more powerful than your normal predicate, documents Save the Earth. The artist Edward Burtynsky explains the method wonderfully. Why not say what you should see? Many people today sit in an uncomfortable place where they do not necessarily want to give up what we have, but we realize that what we are doing is creating deep problems. It is not a simple good or bad. It needs a new way of thinking. "The subtlety of this descends into a proposition of one or the other, but the images in the film scream that the decision has been taken largely in favor of the dark side. <br /> <br / > Although it has never been said directly in any way, as the waves of what they witness are washed from their conscience and contemplate, there is only one possible conclusion? We are condemned.The progress of humanity that is inexorable of our natures leaves behind yes a butcher shop in which this artist finds a terrifying beauty, what he is really capturing are the traces of us, the lemmings that we unconsciously run towards our own disappearance, unlike most films with environmental themes, it ends without A call to arms: Basically argue what the point is, but make sure you blame all of us equally.
