This is a documentary that emerged from the splendid work of a Canadian landscape photographer whose interest has long been in the ravages left on the ground by excavations or buildings of man. It begins with a vast complex of factories packed with people who make a variety of small things, parts of high-tech equipment, presumably; It really is not very clear. The emphasis is on how big the place is and how many people are there and how they are gathered outside in small yellow jackets. The film also shows the photographer working on a tall structure to photograph a large number of these people outside the factory, and talk to their team while doing it. This is a world of implacable industrialization. It is a relief to at least know that these soulless images will not be presented without a human voice, as is the case in the coldly cold documentary by Nikolaus Geyrhalter on the food industry, 'Our Daily Bread'. 'Manufactured Landscapes' contains images of people collecting electronic waste and a city (many cities, in fact) being eliminated by the largest dam in history, with a single image of planning a girl in the rubble of her own neighborhood that They eat a bowl with a pair of chopsticks almost bigger than her. Some of these scenes, those with poorly paid workers who are in dangerous and toxic places, could have been memorably filmed by the first photographer of engagé Sebastião Salgado. But this photographer is not so interested in seeing people up close. His orientation places him somewhere between Salgado and the cold and neutral photographs of modern landscapes by Lewis Baltz. <br /> <br /> All this happens in China, of course, although there are previous black and white images of the photographer working. around a large shipbuilding site in Bangladesh. It is backed by music in an industrial New Age style that is alternately relaxing and oppressive. There are many stills of the photographer's work, or were some of them made by the film crew? It is not clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the name of the photographer. We see people wandering through exhibitions of their beautiful work: great dramatic impressions of carefully composed video camera images with beautiful brightness. The irony is that Burtynsky creates such unique and glorious images of places that are essentially shattered, and to the common eye they are discouraging and boring. He admits that he does not take any political position. When we are able to compare his images with those captured by the wandering eye of cinematographer Peter Mettler, Burtynsky's work almost amounts to a kind of glorification and, therefore, falsification. But it is showing us places that, if we look closely, reveal their dark history of havoc and negligence, no matter how finely crafted their photographs are. <br /> <br /> Logically, but not entirely fortunately, it is Burtynsky whose voice-overs narrate most of the film, as it covers several sites. The "epiphanies" of Burtynsky may have inspired their decades of good work, but they are nothing more than truisms about how we are changing the planet in an irreparable way; they are dependent on oil, which will be exhausted; that China has entered the game of massive industrialization late, so it may be exhausted soon with the depletion of fossil fuels. The interest of the 'manufactured landscapes' would be much greater if there were new perceptive ideas to accompany it. The reasons for seeing it are two: to glimpse the work of Burtynsky and the raw materials, the spaces he visits and narrates so beautifully; and observe scenes of the vast, impressive, discouraging and quite horrific industrialization of modern China. <br /> <br /> Due to the limitations of the narrative, the idea of ​​the title 'Manufactured landscapes' has not been developed enough. It even seems an inappropriate name. They are new landscapes, but they are the by-product of manufacturing rather than "manufactured." "Waste landscapes" or "wasted landscapes" could be better titles. This documentary leaves a lot of space for a more intellectual search of film work on this intriguing subject; and those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky could do a better exam of his books or exhibitions.
