As soon as I knew that Keira Knighteley was in this movie, I said "I have to see this movie". She is the undisputed protagonist, Domino, a bounty hunter. His "work", as the scenes of "no action" teach us, reflects his rebellious and violent attitude towards life. I must admit that it is the first time I see an action movie whose most important scenes are those in which the weapons are far from the hands of the characters. Then, this trampled me a bit. Anyway, for all the fans of John Woo, there are helicopters falling, explosions, shots as if it were going to rain, and a charming Keira that shoots with two machine guns, one by hand. The cast is absolutely brilliant. After going beyond Keira, who in this film is a real tomboy, quite different from the charming action figure we are used to seeing, Mickey Rourke is back, with his usual face slapping and powerful body. Christopher Walken does his job quite well, as a producer of a reality show. <br /> <br /> Let's go to the contents: this movie has a journalistic form. The talk show scene is "disgustingly" real. Anyone who saw that load of. . . You know what, you can say that this is the air you breathe in those situations. Like the producer, when Domino's mother says that the reality that Domino's life should show is "trash, do not get offended," he replies: "I do not take it as an offense." This film portrays a difficult life. Domino, coming from a world that did not love her, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a bounty hunter "not so generous", Choco (the third man in the band), what family is (using the words of Ed), "the correctional institutes has been ", and Alf, the driver / bomber who comes from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people represents in some way the humanity born "without the shirt"; unfortunate, violent and with nothing to lose, except their (as they would consider it) miserable lives. The introduction of the film says that it is "inspired by the real story ... more or less", so I could not possibly tell you how much of this is true. Anyway, going beyond the explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the movie easier to see and classified as an action movie), the story of the characters is too realistic to be "sweetened." <br /> <br /> The interaction between the characters is varied, well studied and definitely not boring. What has not convinced me so much is the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober as ever in her career as an actress). It only represents the reason why Domino begins to tell his story (and that is a story). Probably the only "with" in a movie with many "pros". <br /> <br /> In general: this is not "SWAT". The characters are handmade; They have an identity, a form. They have a name and a surname (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). It is the case, it is the biography of a girl whose life was as quick as a bullet.
