Prior notification: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing the race card here, but when I saw the preview of this movie, I was thinking "Finally!" I still have to watch a movie about popular dance with African influence (be it popular hip hop movements, break or step) where the main character was a black woman. I have seen an excessive amount of films in which a woman who is not black and who knew nothing about hip hop hits the hood and does a mediocre job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), But Black women in the movie are almost nonexistent. That always bothered me considering both hip hop, dance with African influence, and the break was with blacks and Latinos in large numbers in these particular sets and it was not always the men who played it, so I felt that this movie It has been a long time coming. However, the race does not make the film, so I also wanted it to have a credible plot; the dance is entertaining and interesting to watch. <br /> <br /> Advantages: I really enjoyed this movie that carries the Jamaican culture. I do not remember having seen a popular and popular movie in which all the main characters were Jamaican; He had credible accents; And they were not stereotyped with hats. The steppers, the family, the friends and even the "thugs" were really intelligent and realistic people who tried to love, live and survive in the neighborhood where they lived doing something positive. Even when the public realized that the main character's sister chose an alternative lifestyle, it still did not make the plot stereotyped. He was satisfied with the way he was portrayed. I LOVED the staggering; the romantic flirtatious relationship between two steppers; the tests that the parents of the main character were going through; and how he dealt with returning to his old neighborhood and dealing with crabs in a barrel. I respected that she was so intelligent and active at the same time, and many other sisters in the film were driven in the world of steps. They were all as excellent as the boys. I do not see that in too many movies nowadays, at least not in those that would be considered black movies. <br /> <br /> Cons: I'm not quite sure why the directors or those who put the movie together did this, but I wonder if they've been in shows of real steps. When the steppers prepared to play, some hip hop song played instead of the steppers' hands / feet. In a show of real steps, there is no need for music, except to entertain crowds between groups. And then, when the hip hop songs were played, sometimes the rhythm of the song was out of step with the hands and feet of the steppers. It was uncomfortable. I was more impressed by the passage in this movie in front of "Stomp the Yard" (another great movie) because women came to represent themselves as fierce as the boys (in "Stomp the Yard", Meagan Good had a few seconds of some turns and hair) loose and the (Deltas?) released a song and a few steps and cut immediately). Even when there were very small scenes, the ladies broke it, especially in the auto shop, and it was without all that music to drown their physical music. I know that the soundtracks have to be sold, but the people in the movie could have played the music in other parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not a fan of Keyshia Cole, so every time I saw her, I kept thinking, "Is it written in the script for her to constantly put her hand on her hip when she talks?" She looked uncomfortable on the screen for me. I thought they should have used a host like Free or Rocsi instead. Deray Davis was funny as usual, however. Also, I complained when I discovered that the movie was supposed to be in the ghetto, as if the footsteps could not happen anywhere else. Hollywood, as always. However, only a couple of people were portrayed as overly ignorant because of their neighborhood and their losers, which traditional movies tend to do. <br /> <br /> I would have given this movie five stars, but the music playback killed it for me. I definitely plan on buying it when it comes out and I hope the bonus scenes include the real step shows without all the songs.
