In the film adaptation of Margaret Laurence's novel, The Stone Angel, Ellen Burstyn, by Canadian director Kari Skogland, is Hagar Shipley, a proud and shameless woman who approaches her nineties and who wants to remain independent until the end, refusing stubbornly to be placed in a nursing home. The well-meaning son Marvin. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada and set in the fictional city of Manawaka, The Stone Angel is a simple and conventional interpretation of the book that has been required to read in English classes at the Canadian high school for almost half a century. <br /> <br /> The title of the film comes from the stone statue erected in the grave of Agar's mother, which serves as a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express emotions during her tumultuous life. Burstyn brings vulnerability and humor to the role, but is too nice to realize the selfish and counterproductive character who managed to alienate her wealthy father, her well-meaning but alcoholic husband, and their two children. As the end of her days approaches, she reflects that "pride was my desert and the devil that guided me there was fear, I was alone, never again, and never free, because I carried my chains inside me and they separated. " out of me and chained everything I touched. "<br /> <br /> Facing the need to spend his last days in a nursing home, Hagar looks at his life and looks at his failed relationships, his memories are shown in flashbacks voiceless - about the narrative The story begins with a dance she attended as a child Accompanied by her aunt Dolly, she meets her future husband, the previously married Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation In the city it is stained by its association with the Native American population.The young Agar is played by Christine Horne, who is exceptional in her first leading role.Despite Hagar's pleas, her relationship with Bram is rejected by her cold father and rigid, whose refusal to attend the wedding initiates the marriage with the wrong foot.This is aggravated by leaving all his money to the city of Manawaka, condemning the young couple to a life of poverty. <br /> <br /> When going through the movim After his marriage to Bram, Hagar retires from social activities to avoid being rejected by the upper classes of the town. When she produces two children, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), can not give them the love they need. "Every joy I could have had in my man or any of my children or even in the morning light," he reflects, "were all forced to stop by some interruption of proper appearances? When did I tell the truth of the heart?" Like the Biblical Hagar who fled to the desert because he could not tolerate further affronts to his pride, Hagar leaves Manawaka to live in Ontario, but eventually returns to the Shipley farm. <br /> <br /> When the scene returns to the present scene, Hagar escapes to an abandoned house near the ocean that she remembers from her childhood to escape that Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy) placed her in an asylum for the elderly Here she meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who is interested in her and forces her to look and take responsibility for the mistakes she made in her life. The Stone Angel pulls out all the emotional stops but never fully develops her characters to the point where I felt something at stake in the outcome of the story, although Ellen Page's lively performance as John's devoted but naive bride and the final scenes in movement bring a new energy to the second half of the movie.
