When I was young my parents sent me to the playground to see Interiors. It was one of the many movies I watched with my parents, but this was the only one we left. Since then I have never seen Interiors until recently, and I could live out all my life without it. It is a fun, surprising piece, and the traditional of traditional wine and 70 cheese. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors but Interiors are far a piece of skin than its work. In an uncertain fashion of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a dark, angular, muted, insight into family life made by psychological damage caused by divorce, cooperation, work, love, non-love, halitosis, nothing. The film, deliberately, has no comic aid, no music, and is full of pathos of shadow. This style of film can be best described as a natural impressor, using an inappropriate dialogue for "legitimate meaning and truth". But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is slow and non-stop. But more than that, I had no relationship with compassion for any characters. Instead I felt the disgrace of this tremendous shift, bought, bought with nicotine, martyrdom in a long-standing identity. Between the state of the global well-being and Brie's bold story story looks like a fart in the room. Everyone speaks in the dishes that are affected by the high language among the cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggles", struggling to find direction or insight or whatever is going on and until you just want to beat all. It has never been on the resolution, it is on an incomplete babble. It's not just a psychological event taken over the audience's ability to connect. Woody Allen chose to make the characters to sink into their own we feel left out. And for that reason I've got this movie significantly reduced to spirituality. I see what he was going but emphasizing him on promoting his message through Prozac prose and distorting the technique of the video to the extent of the past. I strongly recommend this if you feel very little and you need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, let's pretend that this movie has never occurred.
