Airport '77 starts as a 747 new luxury plane closed with valuable painting and also owned by wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who sends them with a VIP group for his assets in preparation for public openings, also on board is Stevens daughter Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. The luxury Jetliner takes off as planned but in the airplane the plane is closed by the Chambers pilot (Robert Foxworth) and its Bank assistant (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki) who hit passengers and crew with sleeping gas, planning to rob freight and valuable land on the aircraft which is used on an isolated island but while making its birth Chambers approaching the oil in the Sea and losing control of the open air in the ocean where it sinks down to the middle of the Bermuda triangle between the Bermuda Triangle. . In the air is not available, the water flowing in & has increased more than 200 miles away without a doubt the problems are rising to the victims while waiting for help in a short time out ... <br /> <br /> Also known under a little tile difference in 1977 Airport The second of the second aircraft airport (1970) was led by Jerry Jameson & sometimes again if the former predecessors can say Airport '77 is any kind of forgotten classic is an entertainment though not necessarily for the right reasons . Of the three Birds of the Birds I have seen so far I liked this better. It has my love of the third and good in the middle of the hi-jacking air and then fall (did not see the oil rig?) & The 747 sink (perhaps the creators were trying to cross the original airport and another popular flick of the tragedy of the The Poseidon Adventure period (1972) & has entered it where it ends up to the end with severe trouble facing those baptized in, or stopping when the air comes out or stops if 747 floods or if any doors are opened and it is a good idea that could make a great disaster disaster but the negative behavior of the impaired, improper conversation, the solution of the solution and the real risk of danger or waiting or tension means a missed opportunity. While a sluggish plot continues to be accepted for an average of 108 minutes it is not the amount that happens after the plane crash & do not have difficulty as I thought it should be. Even when the navy shares things does not take that much with a few large shots and a helicopter coming around but there is just something missing here. George Kennedy as a jinxed jet flight Joe Patroni is back but gets just a few pictures and even harder it says anything he likes to just look back. The home video and the airport show '77 run at 108 minutes while US TV versions add an extra hour of image including a new opening opening, many more events by George Kennedy as Patroni, flashbacks for outdoor behavior, long-term rescue images and discovery or a couple of two including navigator. When I would like to see this extra picture I don't know I can sit next to the three-hour cutting '77. As expected the film has been found to be fatal with horrible fashions and the interior choice, I will not say no more than the impact of flight planes are not big. With another aircraft airplane he looks at the Razzie Shama Award though I can think of a lot of films than this so I think that's a little harder. Practical events are lightly unfortunate, the speed is slow and not the excitement or very tension produced which is embarrassing if I think this could be a good film if it was done well. <br /> <br /> values ​​values ​​are the same as no surprising thing. Acting non-winner, Oscar winner Jack Lemmon has said since there was a mistake to star in this, once Oscar winner James Stewart was seen old and weak, once a winner of Oscar Lee Grant was seen when Sir Christopher Lee was given less make & there are a lot of familiar faces to look too. The airport '77 is the most round of three airplanes of the airplane so far and I liked the ideas behind it even though they were gentle, production patterns & bland did not help though & film on sunny aircraft should not be be boring or lethargic. It was followed by The Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
