If this is a 2008 product from one of the largest Indian Film Industry (Yash Raj) then I am afraid it is too long before we reach the right standards. If you go badly with this great star and Anil, Akshay, Saif and Kareena, then films still have to learn hard for everyone involved with this film. The film is not available in all departments except movies and Akshay Kumar. He has a few good talks to give but that alone can not benefit from great thinking and expectations. <br /> <br /> The first part of the car to go down the river from the mountain has very cheap graphics like that of cartoons. That was a clear indication of the vision of the director. Each actor who is otherwise property for the movie is just lost. Anil Kapoor's attempt to try good English falls flat often. And Saif is trying to figure out why he signed this film. <br /> <br /> For a short time IT'S WASTE WASTE OF RESOURSES After "JHOOM BARABAR JHOOM". I would say even "Aaja Nachle" was the most beautiful movie than this. One cannot understand how and why this type of script was written and approved. Most unwanted was a series of flashback of the love story of Akshay. After the script that caused the weakest stage of the film is its music. Vishal Shekhar has just given tunes to fill each song. These songs begin very well and suddenly tunes very tone. Only one song "Falak Tak Chal" is the best way of all in the vote. Destroyed by Vishal Shekhar. <br /> <br /> About the intellectualization of the creators only this sample: Akshay and Saif are the road in the area of ​​the foreign (maybe Ladakh). In the next area they seek Kareena in Haridwar and return to the mountains and Kareena in their dicky car. I still think who wrote this. <br /> <br /> If you manage to stay until the end then the peak is too long with unwanted and unwanted queues. You can see all the heroes walking through the storms without hurting if it is a GOD. What? We still see the 2008 movie and all the technical facilities available? So there are no more words on this pathetic and downgrade film but a sincere request for senior executives from their fan. Dear Anil Kapoor & Akshay Kumar, If possible please ask for a preview of your movies after their first copy is out. As the artists of the situation, you have certain responsibilities for your fans and viewers. People still clap you when you enter the screen on your first screens respectively. I think this kind of movie should not see daylight because it prevents all the features associated with film, executives and all production houses.
