The summer season comes when elections on the movie are limited to what is more interesting over the week, compared to 99.9% of the screens provided for detection. Okay, so I can spread over percent, but you get my drift. In addition to things from Hollywood, the voice also has their own part of the very anticipated blockbusters, and from some of the trailers shown, I hyped to watch them too. Tashan was released as one of more than in 2008, but I was very surprised at the bottom of the cinema. When I saw Jodha Akbar, it was a perfect house, but it was not Tashan. After looking at it, I knew why. It was entertainment, but it was basically weak. Like the real English title, which means "Style", Tashan is a whole style, but a small substance. Not that they do not have a star star, but events have been forced, and some have joined tad ignorance, even with Voice levels I have to say. Which is quite amazing because Tashan is headed by written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I enjoyed very much. <br /> <br /> In his leadership rookie news with Tashan, when you can not cause his direction, you will probably start your head on a plot, which was the best clunky. It tried to impose a lot of things on the story, although the loan was given where it enabled some way to ask for the influence of behavior, but that came very little, and only toward the end, which left you thinking for a while before it got into the full stages compared to the film many of the Thai act, and the wireless work of Hong Kong with amazing Hollywood weapons and gunplay and zero recovery. And in an effort to have everything including the kitchen sink, you have the restructuring of the cars, and the one who took the cake, in the dhoom 2 of worship, was the jetski boat in the middle of anywhere. The best, Tashan can enjoy as a comedy without giving birth, and this is associated with how to cast hammed with their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays with Jimmy Cliff, executive call center who offers English training, just as a fishing platform for new partner equipment. The way of the player gets aside when he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not particularly visible, is gentle and sweet nature of hottie. He performs Jimmy's services to his boss, fool Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who can find a lot of laugh if he speaks broken English and phrases should be as much as ah-beng does. By completing the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, a illiterate person who was involved with Baiyyji to hunt Jimmy and Pooja while avoiding being stolen by Baiyyaji business. <br /> <br /> So begins a road trip of sorts, and friends who turned enemies, and enemies that you know will be friends as a road trip covers. Jimmy Cliff is more likely than all, because she is going from zero to hero, doing the actions that will make them embarrassing Rambo, without any time, without any character. Kareena Kapoor has reduced the reason for sex when she uses her talents to deceive all men, and has many opportunities to do so from a lot of bikini cases, and other outfits that brag about the knee pressure or hemlini way on the knee. Each character has a back row, and I thought Akshay Kumar of Bachchan Pandey was probably the best, most touching and more fun than the ballot, though his behavior was seen as much as a mysterious green hul and its anti-gravity and power barriers. His wounds also heal directly, which carefully puts Wolverine shy. And the best part is its theme of the theme, which is the male gold and is played through the ra- ra every time he takes the enemy. <br /> But sadly, that's just a tune that doesn't remember, something that likes "Bachchan- Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For many sound movies that I look at, I will often be able to, despite the shortcomings of the plain language, come from the tune or two dimensions. I could not do that after Tashan, because the unfortunate songs were not really interesting. Usually the song / dance mechanism performs well in the storyline without any need to bring characters outside the current location or location. That I am happy, against expelling them and putting them on top of the top of the mountain, or on the jagged rocks in front of the beach. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably did not find it very seriously, but coming from Vijay's Story Krishna Acharya, maybe you want something less respect than ignorance, and to continue to be more careful. Feel like a blockbuster, now I can begin to understand why the crowd has already rejected this. Besides Akshay Kumr to steal the show, Tashan would be better.
