Tashan - the head itself describes the state of the film. <br /> <br /> This type of movie is actually made for float. It is embarrassing that Yash Raj's films generate those films that are worth more than C-grade movies. Or even C-grade movies are better than Tashan's story. Many were very interested and honestly Tashan was not bombed at the box office which was truly deserved. In my view, this is the worst movie released from the banner of the Yash Yash Film Film. What? How did they deal with a very big project for Vijay Krishna Acharya who had no real feeling of making flick action? He tried to imitate the ways of Sanjay Gadhvi to act like Dhoom but he suffered the end. Practical events are more than the content of movies or cartoon made by stimulating the audience. The story also loses its sense and things to win the heart of the audience. In many cases Anil Kapoor reminds us of the southern stars of Tamil Rajnikant in body language and words. I am not a fan of Saif or Akshay, but a Kareena award must finally go to the hand of Saif instead of Akshay. From the very beginning I looked forward to, but finally it pleased me with the peak reality. Saif is the main behind the whole adventure, while Akshay joining in the middle. In any film, the end should be judged by all characters of the whole story and award or say the payment should be given to the eligible loan. And Tashan loses this way, and unexpectedly failed to be hit. Akshay does not have anything new to show his talent here but still reminds his past movies. He needs to create a new image for his fans who will attract them again and again. Among Saif he did a great job in the Race, and now he came back in his hilarious state through this movie. But he has grown up in the field of action. And last but not least about Kareena. He looks at the fire and the bikini dress that some complain because he has been very tough. But I don't think so, instead he became less. Yes! it is a good reason for a woman to attract people (or say, male). Far from it is good that the son of Saif Ibrahim appears at the beginning and end as a little Saif. I hope now he will also look forward to the goal of working as a career. Those who love this Tashan may be imprisoned or want to return to childhood, or say they want to be accepted in the park. Bonds under the director of debutante Vijay Krishna Acharya who worked the project obtained by Yash Raj Film. In the future he should try and learn under the script of 5 years before going to practical ways. Sorry, I don't like to measure good stars for this kind of junk movies.
