Kareena Kapoor's vision in two bikini is about the only thing that raises you from sleep while watching Tashan ?? The despair of losing mind, on movies on this weekend. Bad movies are bad films and we see some weekly, but Tashan is not just a bad film, it's a bad film. Horrible because it takes his audience to chance, and also frightening because the film representatives expect to leave without a conspiracy or any common sense just because they have great movie stars on the board. It is written and led by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan what you will be able to describe as a movie road, but one going to all the wrong recipes. Saif Ali Khan's stars as Jimmy Cliff, executive call center who has been trained to teach English to Bhaiyyaji - Anil Kapoor who plays UP ambitious group, desperate to go cold. Jimmy is looking at the eye of Pooja, a good gangster youth (with Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to rob her master of 25-crore. He decided to return his money and also punish both Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji employs his trusted farmer to do the job. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, a loyal helper of the gangster from Kanpur, who takes criminals and gets stolen money that is hidden by the length and width of the country. For example of those evil followers of the eight years, Tashan also happens with script threadbare based on the vendetta program. But the treatment is high-top, so make it fails to establish any connections. Instead of a ratio of a pattern or a traditional pattern, you get small pieces of pieces that most passages are built without being built. The song of garish products in the desert, the point of shooting-dodging on the Rajasthani castle, during the Kareeena bikini, even the crash-filled crime scene and the shaolin rulers, the scooter of water flowing through the lavender , and believe it or not, even Tonga derived from horses from horses. For all rights, not all pieces made were badly done - the song of the desert is quite good - but very little makes any sense in the big picture, because it comes from one piece to another without help from the real script. What? You are expecting a bit of a high-speed road traffic, to get a noisy traffic on the cradle of childhood. You see trouble with Tashan no one associated with this film knew what they did. What's more, I don't think they deserve either - reeks of pride of pride. Easily insert into all elements without bothering to see and see if the mix does not work, Tashan is like a cooked stepp. There are films that gently raise you, and then there is Tashan, an extra-favorite film. Snazzily planned with the work of finishing-hard cameras, foreign places and fancy dresses, each frame of the film may have cost to put together, but it still feels like a final piece to end because the story is not recommended. The borrowing information from Tarantino and the style of Stephen Chow did not help either because they were not confused with a thin film plot. A person may have complained a little less if the characters were involved, but Anil Kapoor's Hinglish talk makes you want to tear your arms, and Saif Ali Khan films the folly, he can't get his feet. Kareena Kapoor, at the same time, the queen of high-top delivery, does a good job. But of course, as Tashan faces somewhat, it is thanks to the presence of Akshay Kumar's defeat and his way of joining the character. You whistle as he hits his hip on a regular basis, and you whistle while giving them two meaningful discussions, but not for a moment you can take your eyes on the screen while climbing there. For some good music from Vishal-Shekhar, songs seem like they add your only time. Well so because Tashan is a test of your patience. If you don't know, Tashan means fashion. Sorry to say, this film does not exist.
