The Masters of Horror: Screwfly's Solution begins as the United States is infected with the air virus that affects the male population, while waking up men without being killed to kill any woman in front of the name of God. Alan (Jasn Priestley) is brought by the Government and knows more than many and feeling the situation can be far away so he tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to take their daughter's daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) & try to live like the future of The human race depends on ... The United States of America's cooperation was part 7 from the 2nd season of the Masters of Horrror TV series, led by Joe Dante I thought the Screwfly Solution was so bad . I personally think the script and Sam Hamm is facing, it takes itself very seriously & I don't understand why it's part of the Masters Series of Horror, fear that the filmmakers are going into The Screwfly Solution is in the real story itself & the theme and ideas that brings the The scary picture of a particular study of the ecological message sees the intention to end our throat whenever there is an opportunity for a short time of 60 minutes that I felt as if something was completing out of what could be easily translated as an attempt rather than a test. anything to delete items. I was unhappy with the story or, if only men were killed during the wake of sex why the flight attendant breaks the woman's neck on the plane? Did he wake up sex, I don't think. Why does every bloke think he kills in God's name? I can't see every bloke in the world by suddenly knowing the Bible & starting to believe in God, I've just got the idea of ​​ignorance and show it also says that there is nothing religious about what is going on so what is dealing with everyone thinking they have God to kill any woman who sees ? Then there are people who turn around with different things, what about gay for example? Will they kill boys instead of women? I know there is a short series that makes jokes out of the gay issue but it is easy to close on one side and then there is something that has misled me. The fact that maybe every world bloke has turned psychologically and killed all the women who go on their daily business like anything happened, it just felt that they are ignorant, plans are garbage & all around there is the end that seems to have been taken from the rejected part of X-Files (1993 - 2002) with a bright neon visitor. <br /> <br /> The Dante Director on this display will definitely not have to be a Horror Teacher until I am worried, the story is very bad, it's just foolish to consider that it has played badly & instead of trying to make a good state of fear he returns in more than a thriller and is a deadly viral state disappear & mother and later daughter on the run for that reason, there is very little here through what I will call for effectiveness and even less than a year. There is a place where a woman is injured with a broken bottle, a short area after a guy discovered her own pregnancy and bottle and another woman is injured in the stomach but nothing else to write at home. <br /> <br /> Reviews if other periods are very good and does not look for cheap TV series, special effects are as good as normal and well done. Acting is the same but nobody was standing. Screwfly's Solution is a simple Masters of the Horror Horror that I have seen but remember I've never seen all ... yet. If a special piece of entertainment did nothing for me and if the show was done by the so-called Teacher of Anger is even more depressing.
