Superman II - County Richard Donner should be a dream of a fan coming true. For a long time, only images that were seen in the photos and events that were on the planned page will eventually live. The director who could not complete his vision will have the opportunity to have his vision restored. It looks like a winning situation. And then you will begin to look at this collection of pictures and you realize this "esoteric dream" is a real dream of cunning and incapacity. Although it is quite possible that no movie can compete with the full version has been completed every one of us has thought over the years it should be an exciting thing to finally see this project. And it's just a few times. You know things fail when the first of the texts on the screen looks like home computer graphics. But then we begin to see a new picture (it changes from Superman - Movie for the trial) and that the first reluctance goes away. Hey, this is very good! Things are good for a short period of time until we see STM images interacting with new effects for this project, and never should. And from this point on, it has never stopped. It may not be right to judge the movie because of the bad effects of seeing, but this time it is said to follow a direct movie which tag line was "You Believe Someone Can Fly" is hard to believe anything displayed on the screen here. The best results in this come from the original crop. Another thing with this cut again. Most of them are useless. The only reason for that work is because we have seen the version of the Superman II display, a movie that means. Superman II of Lester fills the holes of this meeting. Part of this may be because Donner has not been able to complete the bullet, another part may be because the creators of this project were willing to use Lester's small material as possible. What we end up is a collection of pictures that makes Superman IV look like an airless and horizontal. After seeing this, one feels that when Lester was honest and well-equipped to deliver the materials, Michael Thau and his teams were very disrespectful of anything published by Lester. The best scenes in Cut Donner are the most listed from the edition released by Superman II. That includes a sequence of a month and a dinner sequence, not a surprise, both were photographed by the Provider. But anything else from the film made by Lester has been rebuilt in such a quick way, for now it makes Lester look like ham doesn't know anything. While Lester respected Donner's material, Lester here is thrown down on the bus. So is there anything in this release? Well Marlon Brando is in it, and that's good to see. In fact checking any of the shooting devices with Donner is advisable since it was all movies at the same time as Superman - The Movie. But that only shows the problems of this release. Any of the major events (actually just fly Lois and events with Marlon Brando) would be better used as full scenes in the part of the deleted section. Instead it is a shoe that is put on a non-exhibition story and a poor performance (many of the most common events used) inappropriate settings and bad choices. See the opening location on the Daily Planet. Why do we look back to Jackie Cooper if she calls Lois and Clark? At the end why we have Lois walking in its dark apartment just being followed by Jackie Cooper walking into the dark bathroom turning lighting up? I began to be confused with this, because I expected to see Lois. The whole meeting is filled with such an uncertain election. The war of war is also aggressive, without geography between cuts. It's just a random step. Of course, the major events of the action were shot by Lester and its material is used only as a bridge in the next set of aid or alternative. They would have to use more than the footage of Lester, but probably had very proud to admit that. <br /> <br /> Cutting down to military weapons too. As described elsewhere, the missile displayed in Donner Cut takes the name "XK 10" when we all know it's "XK 101"! Blind person in STM knows that! The producers of this meeting, who tried very much to respect the original film, left the ball less than five minutes and the error shows the quality of all production. For all the services considered in this, the final product has a shoddiness air that cannot be avoided. All things can be easy to dig if Warner did not make it release different here in states. As such, we are expected to pay what is essentially an extra disc of events canceled by the "New All" option. It just really has a look at one so that we can finally see the scenes of cutting the story, but after looking at it, I hope that this will be a good magnet for dust and a little something. I know after my experience of this look, I had a new respect for the Lester version. It does not mean a whole, but Lester recognized the deficit on the script that stood here for great forgiveness. He was able to make a film that has been stored for many years and will continue to do so, while this new reconstruction will only be remembered as a brief description in the film's history.
