I thought it was about when I let this one out. Fans of Pokémon are faced with America these days. Why? Because we rely on Children WB and Entertainment 4Kids give us our series and movies. In addition to the series goes, it works very well to bring joy and magic to Japanese versions of television. So what is their problem during the movie? In fact, I have seen all the movies of Pokémon in Japanese and I will see them as one fourth. They are the best movies. They all enjoy and enjoy watching. And, after seeing the 2000 Pokémon in movies, I can help but wonder how these American manufacturers read the Japanese script. Apparently, they seem to read and see what it says 'Enter the empty values ​​here' in many bold face-to-face letters. It appears to be the same way as they used the amazing dubbing techniques that they used MSB (extreme violence there) and creating this crap. They do as much as possible from here * <br /> <br /> Well, I think we must first talk about the Adventure of the Rescue Pikachu. My first gripe and this did not come with details. I think they had a good idea of ​​the story of Pokédex which fought against Pikachu Holiday, and instead of going with the voice of a caring woman, as a voice from Pikachu and Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they are looking for the event together. This was not a problem, except for one thing. Did anyone understand why Exeggcute did not allow Togepi to end? It is possible to fans, but I'm sure not parents. Then, there is a theme of the theme. I couldn't help but my eyes on this. Japanese theme song was `Tankentai of Tsukurou 'and sang to Japanese children. It was fun and fun. This is: stretch. Now, one of my favorite short places is Kireihana of play. Good music, you enjoy watching. It has been changed by Bellossom. Music was followed by one, but above that, they had all the discussions of Pokémon during music, which turned out to be self-centered, angry, and not necessary. Oh, and then there's Poliwhirl who thinks he is Poliwrath. You would like to think that the boys who work with these characters are always without what they will learn. Basically, not much can save this bad dub of fated, which is very bad to consider its possibilities. But, I have not touched the worst. You think that warning signs would be clear to me when I had my problem with Nintendo Power. For some reason, I was putting faith in 4Kids and WB. My thoughts were 'well, voted on the first movie, but the second is different to what is going on, so they should do well. 'That in mind, I had no priority for the warning signs that I met on the movie when the ads said,' You will have faith that one person can make a difference. ' By the way they said that every time, I was hoping that this would not turn to values ​​like MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, which I see all my fears identified by the 'main feature' Power. At the time, I was worried. `Power of One? 'Not a good sign. Still, I continued my false beliefs. Great mistake. Sit at the theater, I was getting a stomach stomach by watching another film I liked in Japanese it turned out to be full and unusual. Listen to the comments that it said was best because values ​​were more subtle. I can see that because they didn't go through this, repeat as often as in MSB. However, it did more damage than anything else in this film. First of all, the story that was read around was changed a little reading `world returns to Ash. 'Ah hah. So, Ash is chosen? Whatever it is. In the Japanese version, the inhabitants of Arshia needed a Pokémon trainer to carry out their traditional ceremony. This time, he is the one chosen. The main way this was caused was Lugia. Lugia was one of the most cool characters in the movie Pokémon .... when the movie was about Lugia. In this, Lugia is forced to take the back seat for Ash. In the area where they return to this island, Lugia and Ash are talking about Lugia's existence, not that Ash will make a difference. In general in this category, Ash did not really 'one person' which could make a difference, since it was helped by many people along the way. Most of the other items are sort of cutting nit. The flute song of the stick was not close to sweet and fun as one of the Japanese. Jirarudan's speech to them say his collection was started with Mew card? 'Ugh. However, Misty's initial anger was concerned about how Molters and Zapdos did. 'Why don't you put them in Pokéballs when you got them? This is like making it displayed. 'Much different and stretch on it thinking Pokémon is things to be collected as advertising. If there were genuine values ​​of redemption in this, they came from the Team Rocket. Some beautiful beautiful lines. It is not true to make me laugh louder, but more to make me harder and ease the pain in my stomach. Well, that was the last of the American movie of Pokémon will see you. I have imported the third and got it so much. I would like to see another Japanese movie being destroyed in the same style as the first two. I will also enter the fourth. Forget you, Children WB and 4Kids. You have left me last time.
