Well I hear about this new Justin Timberlake movie that has very good names. I mean chief executives like, The Freeman aka Morgan Freeman, wealth for Hollywood, however lost in this film. Then we got Kevin Spacey, who I have been a great fan since I've watched the American Beauty and ordinary Women. All the main characters probably registered with the movie thinking it would be a good movie as I did when I heard the story. Then join Justin Timberlake. I say clean it is because this is its first movie and tomato tomatoes have not hit him. Well because of it, I can add it, because no one will see this film or even bother to read this review. The movie is so bad that when I got in the first 15 minutes of it. The characters were so straightforward that makes some Bible characters look like Don Corleone. They got a soft one with the sounds used. Indicator of black (LL COOL J) who has a beautiful woman who could still have a real life. The captain is a white person who spoke in that voice. And what an inappropriate movie will be perfect without a hero being rich because of experience. Oh and a lot of fire gun, i mean too much. SPOILER (NOT !!!) That's a kind of fire gun that leaves everyone in the police who missed the bone and the hero lasts. They are blazing fire and rocket criminals, REAL don't have a finger. <br /> <br /> Below down if you want to see its Edison because you're a big fan of one of the actors, or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, for all girls aged 13 out there, enjoy !! I would like to have more hands, because then I would have so many fingers, because this film is awesome because then I could give many fingers under that lower lesions had no meaning because this film is awesome because it takes bad very much that made me laugh at the confusion of the story line because it will not be the end because the run and screaming still occur. NAME OF G * D THE KINGDOM OF OVERVIEW AND save you from these awesome movies. Well it might be worse, another actor of the bad RNB turned out the singer turned into an awesome actor is the user, hehe look at the MIX lol, or even get rich or die trying '. Now something special about the movie is that it has found men aged 30, playing young 16 or even young. I could continue with this.
