When I was 11, Grease 2 was like a crack. It was an uncomfortable, embarrassing, ignorant, and powerful experience. My sister and I would look at it, open it again, and watch it over and over again until we left or we were confused and desperate to stand up. So, if you are a 11-year-old girl, and you watch this film as "brilliant" or "fun" or "better than natural oil," you have your early hormones to be blamed and you can be sure that this is not recommended fixing and garbage completely gone. If, however, you are not a little girl, you have no excuse to suggest that Grease 2 was anything but embarrassing, non-artistic, embarrassing to all who participated in its production, distribution, and / or use. Because of the opposition, I will be honored for the film now to explain why it is so easy? In a well-made music, songs should develop stories or develop characters. In Gas 2, and a few that can be used, music is of no value. Many songs seem to relate to the gimped feelings about sex in the most extreme and common way ("Night Night," "Birth," "Make Our Country," and "Prowlin") without giving any information on any of the film characters. or theme. In addition, all music is uncomfortable and no one is healed even shows the worst state of the ability to sing or play. 2. T-aircraft should be rough, and if not least recommended, but instead each is a surprise of the annoying wussy. Finally, when Johnny Nogerelli gave Michael the T-shirt to the T-plane and put the group, Michael should hit it down, spit it, and walk hard on any part of his body. But of course, he accepts it as gold because despite the fact that they are a group of meatheads, there is no greater honor than being one with T. <br /> <br /> 3. For Michael is good, intelligent, kind, intelligent, and on average in every kind (without his music shortage), it is possible that Stephanie will finally agree with him to show that he is the back of the mask. Stephanie, on the other hand, is a shadow, slack-jawed, gum smacking, dirty sweatshirt dressed, very dirty and dingbat. Therefore, far from being good (I think), he has no fake good reputation, therefore, listeners are not given any rights to the depth of Michael's impressions. I would like to keep going, but I didn't want to specify a great deficit for its predecessor because there is so much there are those who seem to feel that such a comparison is right. I will say this though, for those who think you want to restore this confusion in the past: Gas 2 is the same experience and remain your first kiss. You are only 32 now and kissing a 13-year-old snot-nosed child with holes of acne and slobby. Magic has gone and you are left feeling dirty and upset. Believe me.
