Hollywood smoking caused by sequels has caused more serious problems than hits. For each "Godfather II", there is a lot of "More of the Graffiti of America," "Stayin 'Alives," and "Grease 2's." While the "Grease" of the nature is not a good film, the 1977 long-term hit of Broadway's hit has an exciting 1960s, fighting power, and striking beatings. When Paramount began to work on the track, manufacturers came almost empty on every element that made the original blog. Fortunately for photographers, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and definitely learned to read the scriptures before signing contracts. His gifts and beauty were already open here, and Pfeiffer seems to be embarrassed in the dance acts and the unapproachable songs that he has to do. Maxwell Caulfield, however, does not even have the ability to give shy, and his feelings are used to gamut from numb to catatonic. What is the romantic interest, most of the hormones, can be Sassy cold Pfeiffer has in Caulfield's Deadpan? This unusual secret will last long after completing the last luau in bad memory. Just come with war fighters such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens, and Sid Caesar have any witches, though Lorna Luft increases slightly on the hardware. Experts have complained that, because "Grease 2" is always compared to the original, the movie comes out. However, even taken to its own terms, the film is a clunker. After the opening number is enough, which appears to be quite tired to cast, the energy leaves. For a few, the original songs are very similar to the early 1960s, and a special dismissal feeling is "Miss Brooks" and "Comedy Sid". Jokes fall flat, and choreography in the film directed by the choreographer Patricia Birch is clumsy to be polite. However, the worst films have been presented to viewers, and inept sequels will be made as long as manufacturers are looking for a quick buck milk from rehashing blockbusters. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not recommended without fun. Instead, the film holds the attention of the viewer as the fall of bad trains. While all the bodies seem to be found, the next area has entered the worst genocide.
