German filmmaker Ulli Lommel has been able to work on many fans of concern that it was not possible: he is Teuton Uwe Boll who has not been identified with the title of the worst filmmaker. <br /> <br /> Lommel is really Ed Wood's new millennium. This film is like shoddy and laughable as the best EW. I was proud and embarrassed to say that I looked at it in a dream, I had to see the bottom of the bar can be set. The answer is: under the earth; Lommel dug a hole and buried it. <br /> <br /> Fun begins with the cast of international nobodies. It is the only person who lived in Los Angeles, where every mechanic of cars, doctor and email is an actor or a photo reporter waiting to be discovered, he can understand how Lommel could find many witches who wish to spread his ignorant dialogue with the same face. The protagonist, the voter, plays with the German actor for German emphasis. In addition to being a serial killer, he is also an old man who beat the oldest in LA. Despite the fact that he leaves innocent women and sends them, then he brings them into his house (which is not found on the floor of the furniture warehouse), and does all this in front of his rookie partners, LAPD refuses to investigate, to go attacking one of his rebels in the attack of the ninja style of his house. <br /> <br /> Seti is very bad. Budget manufacturer's production seems to include only enough money for color paint; enough to hit "Precinct 707" on the card wall. Since participants were obvious non-paid professionals - the sad balance of European emigres (perhaps removed if they performed in their native countries), bimbo, songs, and middle-aged women since A little if the money spent on sets, efx, places or other value of production, is just right to mention that they made a leaf for a real look at police. Unfortunately, they could not buy a police car; The uniform cops pass the road in the new rental of Mercury rental. More than half of the story focuses on the dirty actions of our German army officer LAPD and the effectiveness of the two youth efforts to stop him. One of these young actors is especially sad because he is the only actor in this mess and even an open shot in real-time movies. Some resemble, with the hair of the rockabilly and tortured Brando showing that it needs to be counted. The last part of the film is the place where the name gets its zombie, as our killer survivor has been raised after killing the girl who was visiting the voodoo priests to have a spell of immune immunity. Do not ask why a girl from Romania would turn to voodooism in anticipation of being killed, just accept the logic of Lommel and enjoy a wonderful journey. <br /> <br /> After a long-hand-blowing hand out of the leaves covered by the road, girls of zombie manage to make their appearance. They look exactly as they did before death, maybe even pleasing, and attracting black make-up for hospitality airbrushed around their eyes. If you look at something like zombies, they seem more like models on fashion already on the road. <br /> <br /> At this point in the movie Lommel borrowed creative notes from his valued person of the country of Boll, and injects a large dose of Euro-cheesy rubbish on sound sound. We say the noise of the original electric gun. Exercises could play on the disco of Ibiza when Lommel was still a young enough to shake his captive. <br /> <br /> Unlike other zombies, the Lommel girls are talking and working as usual ... er, naana, as they did before being zombified. This gives us a great opportunity to give us many opportunities to give us more gold talks. Yes, it's a gold shower. I will not destroy anything by revealing the amazing ending. All I can say is perfectly in connecting to this prestigious seat. Ed Wood's spirit continues ... or I must speak to her.
