Zombie Nation 2004 R Hey, I was bored. I looked at my non-laughing box to get a movie to watch. Zombie Nation? Hey, I love zombie movies. He says the filmmaker has the following type of worship in the details. It is interesting that it does not warn me not to watch this film. I could use that advice. <br /> <br /> The Nation of Zombie is like a Troll 2 to be completely known. It has little (if anything, depending on your view) to do with zombies, and it happens all in one city. This film is about almost a perverted error, who is doing as much as possible (he should be trying to absorb this very much), when he catches women for a little world and then he kills them. Yup, he is copying serial killers. Not only this film caused by thinking that it flick the zombie, it also gets the truth of the real killer. Basketball killers are happy to kill, live in them and go down and personally with it. This takes women away, and injures them with poison. He will even have sex with the corpse or destroy it. Talk about refusal! Finally, one of the five women who is killed has Voodoo's defense and for no apparent reason, all five will rise and kill this man. They were all buried or dissolved in the sea, but you do not know how to buy the most clean clothes that are all wearing. The women then act very aggressively and take revenge. Oh yay. This movie has decorated all sorts. Create a function, look at the writing, a crappier set, and the effects of renewing. Women do not watch zombie-like, unless you count the really dark make-up around the eyes that the de facto definition of what makes a zombie. They can all talk, act, think, and act perfectly to man. Gore is weak compared to many PG-13 films and dirt is more than short. You see the breast displays in the opening sequence ... Then the breast right the same later! Go to the statistics. I think only one actor was ready to go up for this. The police station is being built so badly that you can see where they prevented drawing the walls of the warehouse that is obviously photographed. You can see the pipes and bad lights and keep too high and even, unless you are blind, you can see the failed director. To make it clear, it's a waste of time. </ 1/1 / / 1/10
