I think when Hitchcock scholars and experts find themselves together, the discussion is not the famous movie of the Teacher as "North and North-West" or "Builders in Trains", but a small effort known as this from 1931, clear and serious, which shows a good director in a new form. Emily and Fred Hill (Joan Barry and Harry Kendall) are mid-London players talking to remain. He cast their votes; he agrees. Changes come in the form of letters from uncle, saying he will put them so that they can enjoy the luxury of globetrotting. They make plans for world travel. But their problems have just started. <br /> Ask us Richard Hannay, Roger O. Thornhill, or Marion Crane. Well, Marion is now injured, but you get an idea. Travel with Hitchcock go together as a moth and candle, set one for a dangerous journey to the best. This is probably the first Hitchcock in this theme, and not its success or memory. Hitchcock tries to combine comedy with another feature, in this case home rather than insist, but two do not have cooperation, at least not here. <br /> <br /> The mountain is a couple who do not kill, without chemistry or personality. While they find themselves in Folies Bergère, through cross crosses and pictures that look more than ten years older than all this film, they are suffering from the dress of female singers. "Smooth has climbed very fast!" reduces Emily. "It doesn't matter." The mountains flowing from the sea of ​​the sea, it seems to be the mercy of more than the worst, even if people living with them are decreasing, too. Emily's man, Gordon (Percy Marmont) carries pictures of himself sitting next to empty chairs, which he suggests to be filled with Emily. Fred "Princess" (Betty Amann) has eyes of Clara Bow and Wallace Beery five hour shade. There is also a horrible fellow passengers, dowdy spinster who Hitchcock precedes always with the corners of the cartoon horn. The lie is still coming. Everything is stuck in an instant, to prevent confusion and dialogue caused. Hitchcock tries to play with Fred and his dad who has not left, and Kendall seems to have a goal of laughing when Berry plays with tears. When Fred and Emily are finished, they seem to be involved with two pairs of pairs, one of the many attempts to engage. Emily is the only kind of sympathy, because because she cares so much about her husband and tolerates her thing with Gordon, but especially because she is among many magnetic blonds of Hitchcock, her ring platinum blowing around his face as Botticelli into the open field of the Chinese junk near the conclusion of the film. > <br /> The things end with a dangerous situation as a piece set by the characters to fight with, and perhaps form their relationship. It is only participants in the resolution, and except for the fate of a friendly cat, there is nothing on the last turn. At least you get an interesting view of London in the early 1930s, and the chance to see Hitchcock when he worked for food. "Rich and Strange" is Hitchcock to pay his contributions, and learn his business, one for elite but not the usual movie goers.
