Providing budget and restrictions during the production of serial, BATMAN and ROBIN finds a place near the bottom of any "cliffhanger" list, completely lacking style, imagination, and predecessor of 1943, BATMAN. The producer, Sam Katzman, was known as "King of Quickies" and, as his director, Spencer Bennett, appeared to be more concerned and faster and faster than interesting excitement. (Unfortunately, this team also provided two sessions of Superman, star Kirk Alyn, and their animation, music, and music support players.) The opening of each frame provides the taste of coming things: good titles (" Robin Saves Batman, "" Batman vs Wizard "), the mechanical music runs, and our two heroes jumping towards a round-camera camera, either confused or having trouble seeing through their subscribers under Halloween. The Batman's bull, and the horns of the devil and the mouth of the eagle, are very important that the farmer needs to adjust the time of the fight. His "power of service" is a fabric fabric that has no rooms, which still seek to pumper and oxygen bone for a hard time! In any case, shooting players are beaten. Robert Lowery shows a little charm or a personal flair like Bruce Wayne, and did not cut a powerful figure like Batman. He builds a feeling that he would like to be somewhere else, anywhere! John Duncan, like Robin, has a serious problem with addressing his small conversation. He is too old in that place, with a young man who filled his fill. Out of clothing, Lowery and Duncan are exciting as tired entrepreneurs who want to drink, without one of the visible chemistry between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in 1943. for the development of character, BATMAN found previously managed to give more impetus to power. This gives a group that goes through, not that the filmmakers provide great support. No one of the hoodlums disappears out, and is led by one of the most ignorant attackers ever, "witch." (A great name!) True, it is led by a man playing the curtain, shawl, and sack on his head, and the dubbed sound that tries to hit the shock. "Chief defendants" - a professor of religion, radio player - offenders. <br /> Even the comic book launched "frequent" is dirty. It is difficult to recognize the great love between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne. Despite its risks, Vicki reflects any feeling. Commissioner Gordon no-too bright. Unlike the previous series, Alfred Pastor is the only traveler whose most important line is "Mr Wayne's residence." They are props of a plot plotted, of gimmick-laden, odd, more closed and immovable, recurring music and design of amateur production. Outside of Manor's Manor resembles the suburban township cities in any sitcom, within those of the motel of the cheapest road. Batcave is an office that requires a lot to fix. (Clothing is stored in the opening cabinet!) <br /> <br /> Wrath that film artists could not invest more in creating an interesting adventure. When the availability of two items on the DVD includes any great "Batfan", should not be corrupted by the best illustrations on the box. They capture most of the real sense of the comic book more than all BATMAN chapters and ROBIN collected. <br /> <br /> Now for good news - this is not the 1997 edition!
