Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality himself, at this time is the chief steward of the United States who has pledged his exemption from the military. A gas station) if he can effectively enter the base of the terrorists of northern Afghanistan carried out by a group called Black Sunday, who has ordered the hero of the Air Force Army thanks to the American traitor. Janaick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal), will come into the enemy area, getting help from his Arab boyfriend, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and a fighter fighter, Rojar (Alki David) once they are down. Jannick has been kidnapped by the Black Sunday leaders, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his girlfriend, Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands should know how to take the command of the kidnapper, but also to take her too. And, maybe, Sands can take revenge on the trainee taught, instead (Steve Toussaint) in the process. Sands has 72 hours until the General Navy bombers all over the territory. In the secret board, black Sunday has made the biochemical bomb, hoping to mislead the United States. Seagal gets a chance to shoot the Afghans while not loading their throat with knives. The film is more than a gun shot and bodies stop dying. Afghanistan's system does not continue to explore (nor easily how Seagal and cooperation can move to an area that is not easily thought) and the plot itself is not something to write at home. Movie has changed dramatically, a little camera. Seagal is not a strong warrior as he was once and its stage action is solidly planned when we have a difficult time to see him chase his enemies, unlike the good old days. One of the most strenuous efforts of Seagal, and he is engaged in eternity (.. not praised). Even more sad is the fact that Seagal has never fought a fight against film filmmakers, tis embarrassed. He even strikes his hand or blows in any way that is visible (certainly we see a little similarity to an instrument that is close, but it is not clear if I enjoy it because the filmmakers have a quick change and close practice).
