The Furi aircraft begins as Great Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) runs a non-X-77 test flight, a new fighter jet able to turn invisible. Barnes General gives his work on Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) working with everything going up to X-77 when it disappears, even more than Barnes wanted as Ratcher to take you to northern Afghanistan and take it to a terrorist group known as Black led Sunday and Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) who has a plan to use X-77 to jump into the United States without seeing and leaving certain bombs that will kill many people. Barnes's head is worried about losing his plane and sending it to one army John Sands (author-writer and executive executive Steven Seagal) to get it and kill all the evil in the process ... <br /> <br /> Production America, British and Romanian led by Michael Keusch & was the third film which led Seagal after Shadow Man's bad (2006) & Attack Force (2007), unfortunately someone decided that cooperation was not working with the uncomfortable people have been grateful to cooperate more between the two. Apparently the Furi Bird is a voice word for the voice of Black Thunder (1988) with Michael Dudikoff and many similar behaviors and sharing the same name and so the same conversation can be used without makers even having to change things like names though I must admit I have never seen black delivery and therefore can't compare these two. Fury aircraft is a horrible film, miserable and time text that Seagal focuses on these days. It is boring though it is not slow, such behavior is poor, full of clichés, things that happen easily, conspiracy is poor, the reason behind the events does not exist and is the lazy producer as never as never to convince the viewer that anywhere near Afghanistan or that procedures military signals have been followed. Practical events are crippled and there is no real excitement in it, criminals blast as well as heroes and are less down and the bad seagal has done. The Fury aircraft appears to be a large amount of stock photos that are not even available, the background can change, people change, change area, heaven and film quality are changing too much because it is very obvious we are looking at photos from others (best) film printed in. Hell, Seagal does not even offer anywhere near the plane in this. Practical events include bullets out-of-the-way that are not so radical to tell who is who and really Seagal broke hands. All production feels very cheap & shoddy. IMDb sees that this had a $ 12,000,000 budget which I think is a general waste, I mean where did all the money go? Although putting in Afghanistan which is a planned war of the fierce aircraft of the Fury Birds seem like it was closed under my local trees, it was actually beaten in Romania and the Romanian country did not make an influential Afghanistan. Acting is awesome as someone will expect & Seagal seems to be no longer. <br /> <br /> The Fury Bird is a terrible action of the film which is boring, amateurish & is close to the scene-to-scene remake of another film anyway. Another lazy and unfit for works from Seagal, why am I bothering again?
