Following the terrible Military Attack, this position was that Seagal could have had a high point with Flight Of Fury. For external power attacks it would take. The Fury Bird is a general improvement, but still in the master plan to consider, significantly. Mediocrity seems to be successful for Seagal these days, a sad understanding in the decline of the work of his movie. Where the Force Attack was the barrier of the plot lines was replaced dramatically from the abortion, by concealing the image, to publish production, the Fury aircraft controls the plot line. Someone stole a brave warrior, planning to use them with firearms (which we will later find hard, will destroy the whole world in 48 hrs). Seagal should get a flight again. That is simple, should not be poorly squared, and a plot to measure the film down as many of the most recent jobs. That's not to say suddenly that the story is good though, it's very poor. Introduction to the characters of the head has been misused for example. <br /> <br /> In the words of the FOF film is bad. It is treated badly by all participants, and Seagal seems to be bored with tears around. He looks just a little child who has been forced to do schooling against his will, and thus makes a regular grimace with a half-star air. What? Can we blame Seagal although the material is not very good and greedy? Not true. This is the final film of his program of Castel Studio, a photo of many photos. Producers cannot be confused to do anything good, promising a $ 12 million or so, and (after 5 million Seagal obligations) the possibility of a good charge of their own village (If the film was done for 7 million remaining, then I'm Elvis Pressley! ). So why should Seagal make an effort in a film that has already been given a pre-planned distribution. However, boys can insist, at least he gives them the effort. He looks forward to watching, and the continued use of the stand and dub-overs is more likely than this. Michael Keusch leads effectively, while movies are quite good, but in all technical areas (and as usual with Castel, the most interesting team) there is nothing more than freedom, and nothing to help the film lift on its devices, and bored man leading. Again there are a few cases of action that focus on other characters than Seagal, which in fact we don't want to see. It is generally not a bad thing. It is good and violent, and sometimes we are recognized by the harvest of Seagal harvest a few, but generally nothing special. Partly because of poor workers, lack of time for any film something very hard or exciting. For me, a shady person was the most enjoyable film, because while ignoring the unfamiliar line, emerged, it had a Seagal harvest time, and more of it in the middle stage. He has never disappeared for a long time during the film. Seagal disappears hard during a single point here, and looks again, with little details. There are many stock photographs widely used. Using shots of stock is not quite a terrible thing, but use it as a crutch is. We have been treated with many attempts to establish marine ships, all the time, which is offensive. With the promotion of stock photos is everywhere (just look back, stop and switch). <br /> <br /> The movie is in the middle of the road. It says all that the best film is absolutely necessary, and the free girl on the girl's location, and two hot chicks. Seagal even shortens it too! In general this may be one of the primary performers of the stock found out there, but that doesn't say much. This will please many fans, but they should remember, Seagal himself would like to forget his existence. **
