It said, "The city on the hill cannot hide" by Virginia City, Nevada, standing on the side of Mt. Davidson at 6200 ft west of Tahoe, is a prime example, or in the context of the movie, should be. Virginia City exploded in American dream as a swimming pool with gold and silver, surprisingly the same year the civil war began. It was the birthplace of the US pastor's letter; that's where journalist Samuel Clemens began to use the name "Mark Twain" and continued to become the most famous American writer. It was also the place of the birth of the great fortune of Hearst, and the launch of John Mackay, who was a very good man in America, the third-richest person in the world. Hey, they should make the film on it! In 1860 Virginia CI was the BOOMTOWN of all the boomtowns, the house of a great bonanza, while one is the largest "capital" area west of St. John's. Louis and East San Francisco. But Virginia City (cinema) loses all and refers to more than hogosh North / South duello between characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a Union official who is POW at a camping camp supervised by Confederate Commander Capt Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two always find each other's way. Bradford runs and then tries to stop the shipping of gold bullion to be "snuck" out of VC and who else more. . . Irby! "Hey, what does he do here?" Horror. Bogart has an attractive Mexican player who can't decide who is going on. Miriam Hopkins has a bad character called "Julia Hayne", obviously a historic meeting in the first lady of the city, Julia Bulette, who in real life was a young woman. He goes to Washington and Hon Abe talks about saving BRADFORD (not Irby) from being executed by blah blah blah. Go to the statistics. They beat shoulda put the author. In the "real life" Twain reports that on the last day of the war, the sun that caused the sun to cause the American flag is located on Mt. Davidson in order to see the lost inhabitants become a strong fire, such as film. Three days later they found out that South Africa had found it. One of the most interesting in the film is how the Alan Hale and Guin Williams links to their pistol ahead when they shoot, as they shoot, or try to shoot at high speed. Not a bad idea for the film. This kind of goofiness is lathered on samples and corn in the movie. Bosh, how could they lose gold, striving for wealth, gunfire in the mines, Mark Twain run out of town and beat after appearance, a misleading road, the Opera House, Artemis Ward, a great Bulette funeral, seats Chinese, black saloons, auction. . ? All this up on a mountain surrounded by desert? The truth was wrong. What? What about his remarkable wealth of America? Well, if you count this movie, it can't be the first debacle from Virginia City. It is a disappointment for Virginia City fans because it lacks what made the city a “fraudulent city,” where it is said to be bad from the bottom. . . Okay, more than that is an enjoyable movie. Flynn and the group are always great regardless of the history they destroy. If Flynn only played his rotten self, I would like to double my rate.
