REVOLUTION: MINORS BACK (1998) ½ * <br /> Contact: Scott Bakula, Eric Bruskotter, Corbin Bernsen, Dennis Haysbert, Jensen Daggett, written by John Warren 100 minutes Tested PG-13 (for language and violence The Blake French: <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, in the new John Warren play "MAJOR LEAGUE: BACK TO MINORS" there is one funny scene. It comprises a sequence where an angry coach gives a hard baseball into the back wall just to hit the cement and turn it back and smash it into the face. Not much, but with the exception of just one liners, this film should all give ... enough said. This movie is not just a structural degradation, a consistent, predictable and unsupported character, but also a bad one. Even the most uninformed viewers will hate this film and all they have found. It is a very common thing not something interesting. How many movies about sports should be done? Years ago we saw the material in the "Buddha of the Air: Receiver of Gold," and as bad as the film was, this is worse. At least the "Air Sea" was from the family. "The Premier Return of Children" is very violent for a good family to watch together on Sunday afternoon. It is very sandy for adults. So who is this film? Youth? Older? People who are interested in entertainment are losing something like this? Films, like many others like this, have one basic step that tries to do: the team's team is winning all. Yes it does, and it's a good moral try to prove. Such the worst we have already seen and exceptionally often often with small talent and intelligence that cheerleaders they are men in ballerina dress. Where silly advertisers create "friends of friends" themselves directly connecting as "They," "The children's ball is measured by the clock clock," "This boy has left the ball for some time to get something lost - perhaps it was his thoughts, "" One needs a nap, "and" always see the sunset as good as playing. "Where the characters have little importance to each other that we didn't know by name. And where the exclusive ethnic talk about the work of the team is not known that it is almost funny. <br /> <br /> "Premier League for children" is very bad; puts its problem in the middle of a good sequence. A good baseball team is on return, approaching winning - power comes out. I thought for a moment that this piece of rubbish was coming to an end, but in fact, its last false place is only to add time. The movie basically consists of a series of interactive animations that throw in many putrid jokes are not funny. There is another kind of dialogue that has a coach and a player speaks for why it was not long required in the same place. The coach's answer: "You are too old, very gentle, and also fat." The answer of the player is to die for. But the area is certainly not suitable for this movie to be in your time, and certainly not worth your money. So here is another bad entry in this type of film, another that has been corrupted by its own script, which has failed to appear, and another that is commonly seen as the charger appears again. <br /> <br />
