Surprisingly. If you know anything about poker, you will find it quite surprising but it's also fun because it is impossible. Neri who made this film is very clear of religion and knows little about the game of poker, but I'm sure she has ever played more than 3-6. (I think she also doesn't know anything of golf) Where to start. I have seen the best production in the Intro class and Film I used the year of the school's freshmen film. Observers of this film are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen, and a powerful who can not win poker. Everyone else is like wood as they come, as bad actors porn. Spoiler * The movie person starts with in the opening sequence is the only reason the film was made. He is a relibird who does not play poker and never has a discussion line, but the actor is someone who is definitely paid for the movie. I can't think of losing money more than this person gives birth to this useless producer. It has to be responsible for that meaning. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this film. Many times it is used for non-meaning characters whose plots are not limited. Queen Momma has a stealing area where she gives us her lost partner through the window and tries to stimulate her mind out. Also the Arabs who have no name in a convenient shop also provide a preliminary demonstration when they argue as they fight or kill an old woman who beat them. Their secret exhibition is simple among the highlights of the film. It makes you wonder why they bothered all these white people playing heads. In conclusion, it is not completely lost. The 9th program from outdoor space has a little more cooperation. If you play poker though you would like to have a laugh. Also if you are a Christian you can enjoy a religious dialogue that has a hot pepper like pepper. I hate movies made by religious people. Especially who think they know something about things that they don't know about. It is sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen are involved in this trick if I can't help but think a little of them. They should be jealous of Johnny Chan to get Rounders.
