Enter the world of this film for the second time, so you can better understand the type of movie we're dealing with here. Edison is one of the crazy movies that the bad man and his goons have been allowing to shoot 50,000 bullets to a good man behind the walls and columns, and shout at them, then finally find someone good face to face and instead of killing him ..... instead of losing this man who caused you so much grief… instead of just walking with POP! ..... what are you doing? The bad man ..... speaks to him. He takes a good man and speaks to him when he has his gun. THEY DID NOT WORK! SHOOT HIS! HIS OFFICE now! But he speaks to him yet. Oh another thing. At the end, the newspaper says "PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY HERE here" or something above on the front page of the paper, when it's like the first time the story is published. So how in heezy did someone win a Pulitzer for it so quickly? Well, do you know these kinds of stupid movies? Yes well Edison briefly. You get Mr cool Morgan Freeman with a severe eyesight Kevin Spacey who all phone in their roles completely, LL Cool J who scowls real every time of the movie, while begging his girlfriend at a damn nightclub everywhere, and the last of the "Bata" was something like a weapons of mass murder that had never been done ... and Justin Timberlake clapping and losing any time speaking, a little cocky girl's only emergency was Dylan McDermott mad working The most beautiful "Denzel from the Day Studies", which was very good. Who is the movie? Eh, something else about the scandals involving the capital of the Edison police station known as "FRAT (I do not know these things) that would have to be a clear play from SWAT. However, the little journalist's famous Justin Timberflake feels something better after of the killings involving 2 soldiers from FRAT, and may be trying to find a story, find his master (Freeman) trusting on the way while both are not aware of something bigger and worse than what they thought of. Blah. The fastest for a short time and far, the script was awesome, and acting was not very strong. It flew everywhere without going anywhere People put on comas and forgot about them Everyone in this movie did not think. It was difficult to write any reviews because the movie left my second brain ended ... No lie basically, don't waste time yours!
