STRANGER WHEN FICTION was very upset, I joined the IMDb just to write these reviews. STRANGER THAN FICTION is an amazing, touching and stimulating movie to the end. Once you have stopped many logical lapses (why did Ferrell not hear the voice of Emma Thompson 10 years ago when the fist started writing his book? "The phone started, the phone started again". , destiny, and sacrifice. A brief history of the literature presented by Dustin Hoffman should especially welcome the ancient Germans. And Maggie Gyllenhaal is always pleased, though Will Ferrell can only be an assassin's ax as a pipe spirit. His quick loyalty to it is a great power of faith. Oh, but last. To the end, I would give 9 stars out of 10 to this movie. Film as an example of the journey of life, as a tax for the idea of ​​"realistic writing," as a reminder that many books are comedy or tragedy, but not all, it's best. The whole movie leads the viewer to understand and accept during the fate of Will Ferrell. And regardless of the character he has liked, we know exactly why we will accept the end. The last action occurs, the screen goes white, rolling credits. The ultimate and powerful end of the film almost completely. The end that could be discussed for a week. <br /> <br /> No !!!!!!!!!! No credit used. Say not. Say Hand does not provide for another 10 minutes of crap which has completely reduced the integrity and heart of the film. Dustin Hoffman got justice when he said, "It's no longer a jewel, it's okay." Positive review of the movie. Except for me, it was not the same. I was angry about the betrayal of 'writing the truth,' on the decision to lose the film that I actually burst into angry tears describing this on home trips from the movie. I often silia. I could take care of a lot of movies, but I'm still angry about this. <br /> <br /> My questions to Zack Helm, author, are these: Do you? The end of the film when the screen was white? And you were experiencing the movie-of-being to deal with the end of trust on the basis of the movie? Or did you come to be a maudlin? I have read you a brilliant. I hope your original script ended the movie first time. I know Zack Helm will no longer see this review, and I haven't been able to get in touch with him to ask himself. But, please, filmmakers, do I alone feel this about STRANGER AND FICTION? One good thing that came out of me looking at this film: I double we like to be good to get now.
