Soldier Blue is a film for pretensions: pretensions to be some kind of great information for human beings to man, for the exploitation of white man and violence against indigenous people, right description, unintentional and sardonic on Vietnam's fears. Sorry, but it fails to regret any of those things. What Soldier Blue really is is destructive, trite, wrong made, dishonest trash. <br /> <br /> Another auditor here hit the nail on the head in saying that it seems to be a diversification of two different movies completely. What is essentially blind, clichéd, did not easily "lovers of marriage" romance - Strauss and Bergen to overcome their abuse on the lives of others and fall in love (ah, blessing) - written by two incidents that were not possible to be out of place in Lucio Fulci splatter rotate <br /> <br. / there is no excuse for shy, ware, gore-drenched peak, where cute little American American children are variously shot, sliced, dismembered and hammered in love with close-up graphic, and with a much-breasted female American women are molested, raped and strung up - excuse, which is, except the box office. (The assassination itself, surprisingly with his undisputed motive, is the worst set up and shot, a group of executives living close to the red color of red, standing on them, in the middle and a series of special effects of surveillance / damage - which will use true amputees in the manufacture of their films. Now that is what I call exploitation.) <br /> <br /> Forget all the pap I've heard (including joke commentaries that start with the end movie) about this being a "demonstration" , charges of US violence towards natural people. This film does not provide the issues about Cheyenne; it had been doing it would have featured some involving native American characters, it would lead to getting to know and caring about the nameless, innocent innocence who get slaughter at the peak. Instead we find it is a romance white bread romance of Bergen and Strauss (all lousy executives, at least), and a lot of blood, guts and severed heads thrown in an interesting curious. is a horrible disgrace, because there is a movie being made on the massacres of the Sand Box, about all the true American killings (and the UK, and all that is called "civilized nations") have lived in the centuries (Iraq)? this is not just a movie.
