During Peckinpah's WILD BUNCH (1969) when he opened the door of the exhibition of the sexual films of violence, he did so with talented (if whiskey-marinated) leading the camera and had a compelling story with characters who had a real depth, but no flat time there were many impersonators who were cut off from the mark by Epickinpah of Epic, and SOLDIER BLUE definitely falls into that category. CLEAR, BLEW, er, BLUE says the tales of Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen) hosted New York who has been "saved" from two years of "button" between Cheyenne and now being taken to the fort where she will come and the boy just wants to get married for his money. Also in the vehicle he is traveling in is the transportation of government gold, Cheyenne's money needs to buy a gun and, so for a short time the soldiers are being eaten by Cresta coming to the mountains, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), the only rider. Gant's call in the nickname "The Blue Army," Cresta shows that his years between "savages" was a good time spent, the spread of Gant in life skills, common sense, and many balls, and on their journey towards the fortress should withstand the elements, Kiowa's hostile band, the uncomfortable businessman? played by Donald Pleasance, here giving one of his ridiculous performances, and that says something? and, in the culture of many western western comedies imposed on the west, each one. When it comes to their misadventures, the opposite is it? and predictable? interesting to each other and finally end up getting it? when Gant has a new gun shot that has walked through its foot, not down? why it was indeed an easy cave of at least twelve kilometers that was not filled with rattlesnakes, a lion's mountain, or who knows what, to say anything of Cheyenne, who could do something of a real primo such an apartment (there I go, consider in NYC real estate terms again). Recognizing that their love cannot succeed out of the cave, Cresta leaves the Gant leaves and makes it to the fortress itself just to discover that the moron involved can not stop a few people so that they can save Gant; The squad requires all the staff enough to launch a village attack near Cheyenne, and immediately Cresta gets the wind that loses hubby-to-be its obnoxiously horny and makes the beeline directly to Cheyenne to warn about what is coming up. What happens next is what happened to this fraudulent film; it changes that all the wacky and all shocks were just leading to the cancellation of the destruction of the Sands of the 1864 Sands, orgy of rape, abuse and common misconceptions of the name of "put a clean country," and nearly forty years after The release of this sequence is still caused by nausea for its severe brutality. Children are written under the charge of a horse or a charge on a bayonets, the people who do not have the weapons are cut off? good effect, I need to accept? women have been removed and banned by fighting groups, then raped and filtered? for one example of a woman who is not born naked is making too many battles, so her opponent instead decides to cut her breasts, which we just appreciate before the camera continues to write another secret act? and the number of innocent people are shot and destroyed, the joining of their parts hit on pikes and around on the winning ceremony or considered as many thanks thanks. No shock, this area would put the NC-17 on the spot if it was released today, saying it is unlikely to stimulate Native American interest groups to fight along the way through which the enemies are shown. I have enjoyed the west that is not worthy to be shown in the way the west has won, or stolen as the truth is told, but this film does not know what kind of film you want to be; One minute is a pseudo-hippy talk of a heavy burden on how the treatment of the locals was completely destroyed (well, DUH!), then it's a good-hearted sexual fight where Cresta confirms five times Gant man is and can look at the fire in his tasty dessert red calico (without undies), but that all comes out the window when Donald Pleasance pointing to a unintentional pair (?) with hilarious dentist of buck-toothed teeth and our heroes should know how to escape from its massacres in a small plot which does not go anywhere, all of which is facing the above-mentioned peak. Any of these buttons would be the same for a balanced film, but the final result is a slapdash mess that gave them the last ten minutes of all those in the picture of the promotion and poster pictures. But by attempting to have all the items for all listeners, SOLDIER BLUE ends up as a center of Mulligan preaching caused by the truth, but if they went to tell the story of the Crocodile Box, it would not be a good idea to have other Indian characters who were more than walking. Murphy Brown as their mouth? We know there is nothing of people who are only deleted by what appears to be a trick of crass attract movieho gorehound in seeing "the most secure film in history." If you, like me, were interested in the advertisements and comments that have an endless reputation on it for "having the courage to tell them as they were," do my word and let SOLDIER BLUE open slowly on a private movie.
