Now I will be the first to admit when I say something that may be disgusting or right, so I would like to apologize for a moment to relax on what I didn't like this movie. That is about counting too. I didn't like this film. To be more specific, I did not like the idea of ​​this film. The movie was beautiful. Mood was good. And acting was satisfactory. However, the story is not appropriate, inappropriate and misleading. It is also hate. I am India's quarter of Cree, and for some reason I feel tortured, at a personal level, for the character of Whitaker's behavior. First of all, he is a black man. And this is not a racist remark, I swear. The concept of White, Hispanic or even the Native American swinging cataracts on the ceiling offends everything katana represents. Katana represents the spirit of the Samurai, locked by the spirits of his fathers who lead and protect the Samurai. For Dogs to use his guns instead of Katana is also insulting to the blade and the soul inside, and where did he get access to Katana anyway? It should be one of those replicas, which insult the samurai currency even more. Also, the Spirit Dog does not show respect. Near the end of the film, he looks at the back guard through the window and then kills a person by blowing his face through a pipe. It's not just a way of fear of killing enemies, it's more like a ninjas way; silent killers; The group that Samurai refuses is, but hates no-less. Then she tries to kill her master, seeing her master is baddie. Do you know what a true Samurai does when he learns his master is proved to be bad or embarrassing? He commits suicide, confirming that he would like to die and lay down at his master's masterpiece. Everything about behavior was contrary to the actual principle that all the samurai follow: Bushido. So, we have great movies, good beauty and so they work on a plot and query, (which unfortunately is the most important feature), making it an improper film, and insulting everything The honorable (samurai) holds loved ones. 0/10 Bleah
