LL Cool J did very well in this movie I expected! He did an excellent job that works as a "representative" of police within the "rebel" department. From the beginning, he does a good job of creating an understanding of the viewer of his character and the problem he has. He does as a kind of "gentle gentle" - a person who out of the bright can fear anyone, but his heart is open to him the right place from the beginning - and he does a wonderful job. He was quite clear the best character in the film. That was a performance that would not win Morgan Freeman's awards. After the stars in powerful films like Shawshank This film was a low point. His role in Edison did not only allow him to show his real talent as an actor - and in terms of the crowding of the perpetrators took him to sadness on the back burn. There are many behaviors (Musa Ashford) could take the most important role. That he did not despair and allowed actually. I was hoping to see more from him in this film. <br /> <br /> Timberlake should be still in the music industry. His description of the little journalist was ineffective and improper. This movie is an ordinary movie of the action which (at least at the beginning) resembles the defaults of LA's learned earlier. Become a movie movie, has its own scenes of shoot-em-up, blood, and guts. These events are typically false and predictable pain. Looking at the beginning of the film is a little skeptical about what will happen at the end - think about what you will be able to expect in a good fate / bad fight - and resemble a bit of the image of the REAL -out. What is so angry is the behavior of the Timberlake behavior that took place during the shooting screens. He starts to have a gun and not use it. Then finally gets closer to using one he heated is like he's been firing all his life gun. Then runs the gun and they don't have guns - and 30 seconds later, without moving or whatever - suddenly has 2 more guns and more than ammo? Minor errors like this destroyed my movie in fact. If your search is a false plot in the fantasy world where everything is all right, then maybe you like this film. Personally, it doesn't matter to me what KIM's movie is as long as it's true. I must believe that the story is true. This story was very evident in many of the things that I came to hear was not worthy.
