This document refers to Eva Mozes Kor, who has survived the sacrifice, part of the Millennium experiment on twins, which mainly refers to its version of what happened to Auschwitz, and comparing the feelings of other pilot survivors. That was a good review. It is one of those topics that no one tries to hear the opposite views about. <br /> <br /> I also, for the most part of the film, has been taken up by the impression that the filmmaker sought to view the viewer. One of the user reviews on IMDb and Eric Monder (obviously has nothing important to say about the issue on the public platform) can only get the sweetest nectar. "In one of the greatest series, as a group of Jews facing Kor in the Jewish center, the meaning of the word" forgive "is even a debate, but aside by the majority of Kor's own ownership" But at this time, sappy hold that movie was and my dormant emotional reormtoire was then free enough that I could see clearly once more. After the "great power" Eva Kor "forgive the Nazis" movie begins to focus on what it forgives is about, at least from the Koran perspective. The movie goes next to follow it, adopting its public information to forgive Nazis and in a new location. For me, this was the meat of the movie, surrounded by an inedible oil of his "act of forgiveness". Obviously, it was a very sick cow. <br /> <br /> In a message to test his theory of forgiveness, to heal old wounds, he makes his way to the "promised land" to meet some Arabs, to talk to them the issues they face and to see if the discussion does not cause insight The best of the situation and the most inclusive of discussion and discussion with Jews in the US on his act of forgiving the Nazis, including one of the Jews in the middle of Chicago. Since then, anyone who cannot feel that they can't see the screens will find it difficult to lose transparency in his words. First, you immediately see his body language, defensive and do not want to listen in a room filled with Arab professionals and teachers. His opinion on how he was afraid of breastfeeding shows how much time was lost, efforts and money all around. Dr Sami Advan (Professor of Education at the University of Bethlehem) says very well when he tells Kor for his information on how he would like to sleep in his home. Finally, a discussion in the Jewish village in Chicago, where he is “mentioned” on the meaning of forgiveness and his right to do so, after those who continue to suffer through practical pain. will seek to expel. At the end of the film, I was hoping that I did not choose to watch the movie. The movie was made poorly, failing to extend further into anything about Auschwitz away from a little bit, enough to ensure holocaust is refreshed in the memory of the audience and inspire the cry of tears. It showed that Kor, the subject of the document could not participate in the right discussion. His ability to negotiate was limited by clinging to his apology for a better refusal to listen to or participate. Finally, everyone has been destroyed today that they cannot recognize the difference between making peace and forgiving? Quoting another user of IMDb, "I do not see his apologies as weak - quite the opposite, he just wanted to eliminate his hold from his spirit, he wanted to suffer on, so he allowed to go." That would be a full definition of the layman of DOING WORK. I think, in the world of propaganda, blind faith and political accuracy, there is no chance to ask those who have "gone beyond human minds can be understood". <br /> <br /> PS In fact, the dictionary should enter all the Books-buy-everyone lists that keep doing.
