I love all kinds of films, especially fear. That was said, Rescue does not live to ANY any hype around it. <br /> <br /> I can't give any points on nature. There is nothing wrong with exploring the same landscape, or fixing what others have done. It has been just a copy of indie films to send us on a slasher journey through the trees, a powerful killer, and as soon, to throw us into a mad family. In those lines I had to compare the Chainsaw of the Texas, Wrong Turn (though deviation from it is obvious), and others. Rescue falls in a small way against similar films. The plan was not original in any way. Some films can be found with a weak plot (with more processed) and a good acting, a special fx, or killed for other things. Life is nothing for the bank. If you would like, see the following: Acting in the film has not been removed. I do not know or accuse the perpetrators of it, nor the director. The discussion was the following, and the participants did not show (did not say they did not have) the talent to remove it. I say levels 2. The person leading in this film is sure, but I think he needs to think more training before he is ready to make a film. The actor who showed Greg was also able, but we have never seen any (see the movie to see why, you can't believe it.). Watching the movie film. Ah, a small film film that makes us to the days of the "Grindhouse" films. In today's films, it has become a gimmick. Maybe it works or is not good. In this case it does not work. There are many other obstacles that persist, so it causes confusion from the film, without adding. To be said, I think they did a good job of adding that grain. That's some good grain, quality. I think for a different script, a better direction, and practitioners likely, they should try another attempt to "Grindhouse". They will probably wipe it out. <br /> <br /> In addition to technology, in my opinion, they did not serve me completely. The best observation would be taken by the sound (it looked like it had been brought directly to the camera, but nothing was wrong with that) and with the DV stripes, it was very soft to my taste. That is all I say about .....
