Destroyers / WWE, WIN, END OF THE WORLD is a very bad movie experience. <br /> <br /> Here is a full story: the scientist gets a message from the position (of the LIFE OF LIFE). The message says things like a great disaster is about to happen and then a scientist will hear later on the radio that a great earthquake has occurred in China. He begins to think that the message has something to do with disasters around the world so he tries to identify who receives the message (and who also sends messages in space). He and his wife finally know that the message comes from a church meeting. They visit. Everything seems normal, including a priest played with the exhausted Christopher Lee. But the scientist is focused and believes that the message comes from and goes to the meeting. So he and his wife secretly return to a meeting that are being beaten as strangers, hiding as priests and girls. They take place against their will and the alien played by Lee scientist forces to find what they need to get back to their planet. Once a visitor finds a special feature, all visitors leave automatically to the home planet for some kind of visible transport platform. Lee, being the last resident, tells the couple that the world will be destroyed because of the hokey decision of foreigners. Lee walks in the manufacturer and has gone. Couples, looking at monitors showing pictures of natural disasters that occur around the world, decide to follow visitors. Because the world is punished, the couple do not see anything to sit back and so they walk in the transport and disappear. The last shooting of the movie is the science of mache planet earth exploding. Finally. <br /> <br /> That's right. I've never seen this red movie in my life. It's a very interesting movie that I have ever seen. The scientist and his wife are two of the bad heroes or characters who have put them on the screen. They don't have any services. They see the world disaster on monitors and decide "what he needs, who needs the world yet?" They don't even try to stop them or do something to do things better. This kind of story can be made if the film has a great sense of punishment for everything but action and conditions are not available. Vendors and people behind this lighter flick go through their stages, so much so that you can almost feel when they call their cards when they away and return to work. I did not have much expectations for this film because it is Charles Band's production, but I didn't expect it to be bad. Christopher Lee was once asked what the worst films he had made and described the STARSHIP TRAINING. Yes, I am worried Chris but the STARSHIP events were very fun. AIDS groups are awesome but entertaining. The end of the world is great, big, worst: it is more than a bad situation with inert, and no value for any entertainment.
