This is available in the "Store in Two Features" from Heavenly Movie Heavens, and since I finished "Barracuda", I also watched. This is a film that proves to be very powerful and doesn't know at the same time. We start with two young women walking on the streets of a foreign city, but where exactly? They stand watching the beads from the Chinese supplier, and try Chinese clothes in the shop, but we see the Aztec players? And all the time, these girls are followed by two young men, who eventually stop any secret did not drive out the girls in the wild run though the city, and finally take them. It seems that one of the girls has a coin in a string around her neck, and these men want to get root, and where did she get? So, for flashback, we come back to know. And how did they know that he had this coin? Hard to say, really. Now, behind the day, when these two women were 10 years old, they were out with their brothers and sisters on their boat, and after being stopped to get air in their tanks, they took him away This young man back to his home, just to have his grandmother come and welcome "young" uns "up to herbal and granny tea. But not everyone has tea, Todd has gone on the boat to watch the little girls, and then when they it is far from it, the boat hits, and when returning home their friends are gone. In fact, it seems like these "sympathetic people" raise their vegetables but wait for meat to stop with spell, and serve them with herbal tea. The island, but now, they return, led by their captors, and there is there to find the treasure, despite the fact that no one has ever showed them where it was before. It also seems to have someone else on the island, and The wonderful bandits begin to die, one by one, and because there are only three, it is not recommended long. And there is even the last kind of happiness, which will leave the viewer everything like they were in all the film. The two little ones seem to be the fastest speed and the issues of anger, and the integration of any ability to act is supporters of the borders. Family of the species of living hill is also able to act, despite the fact that grandfather is Hank Worden, who appeared in many films and television shows. The action is confused, the area is more confusing, and the island looks like Southern California. Why is hell this? I don't know, but certainly it's important to see once so you can think (or say), huh? 4 out of 10, very strange.
