I do not remember the last time I did it as emotional as I did with Justin Timberlake in "Edison." I felt so much I wanted to scream in pain, destroying the screens, easily accepting the cry of Islam. Timberlake is a bad miscast; In fact, throwing it is like casting Andy Dick playing the role of "Patton," or Nathan Lane playing Jesus. But that's close to action. Timberlake is just a bad actor and will be very similar in any role. I had problems with Ben Affleck's talent to act, but Timberlake makes Affleck look like Mr. Ian McKellen or Dame Judi Dench. For its spiritual lisp (reading lithp), his young eyes and emotional words that derive from something like "Cliche 25 words to Anime," despise the screens that are offered without mercy, and no matter how you beat, I do not not to buy its position as a amateur-turned-crusader-to-right journalist. Can't fly. However, Timberlake alone is not blamed for its failure. Director David J. Burke puts it not only in the basic role (important), but also places Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, John Heard, Dylan McDermott, Cary Elwes and (I'm surprised he was good) LL Cool J I can think of one closer to suffering The physical look at some of this cast to interact with Timberlake. There is an emphasis on this of course: whenever any of these actors interact with Justin there it feels like a double aid. Pleasure, if you want. Freeman and Spacey can have 10 minutes of screenshots alone together, but ten minutes are happy to compare their events with our so-called hero. Dylan McDermott is also a breath of fresh air. But enough for timberlake bashing - words are not enough in this case to make a trick. "Edison" is the story of a very high rush. It's a plot layout from a photo that has just been stolen. However, I enjoy the inspiration to make it, which I translate as a religious film like "Serpico," or "Donnie Brasco," or maybe even "Chinatown." Do not make a mistake - "Edison" is not even on the same film as these films, but I can stretch my suspension into unbelief to accept its existence, perhaps to justify my stay that way. <br /> <br /> Script, inside and in itself, comprises the most amazing writing. Yes, it has a good conversation, but any dialogue between Piper Perabo (who lost here) and Timberlake seems to have been raised directly from the Dawson's Creek section. It's your usual size-and-glib-to-fact, let's-just-to-view-and-how-well-we-describe (and failures) discussion. These discussions, your thoughts, are hit by good music at the wrong time - sometimes they feel like "Edison" wants to make a phone call to a music video, where the feeling of the area has not communicated through the act, but through unchecked music and different film speed (read slow motion) <br /> <br /> Thinking about it, "Edison" is curiosity. It is true that hell is paid to kill but the performances are destroyed by Timberlake who does not work. In the film as in many art, if one thing is gone, one thing feels. Directors should make a difficult choice. David J. Burke has missed the mark here. Some events play well with itself, but in general, they do not look the same as pieces of puzzle from different puzzles forced into one odd one. And it's not a particularly exciting puzzle to start.
