Although, I had no idea of ​​what the expectation was about this film, this surely as hell was not what I had thought, had anything that came to mind. When I heard about his presence, all I knew was that I had a movie called Please Do Not Eat Children. unfortunately, I could only get a copy under its head of change, Fury Island. Looking back, I think I could call it a state of loss. On the one hand, it is still unknown if someone who has a movie called Please Msile Children, and on the other hand, Furi Island can prove to be bad, useless, horrible, a piece that is unknown. Yes, certainly lose-losing. I don't know what kind they are going here. The early 80's evil, and the flashback that could actually be longer than non-flashback. First, two young girls are chased by two bad guys, once they get, bad guys tell us that one of the girls has a coin in a string, around her neck, and somehow, these bad guys know more than these coins hidden on the island somewhere . And this is where things start to get weird, in this way they do not know of the trip girls took a certain island, several years earlier, when they were only 10. I think this means that girls should know exactly where this treasure claim is. So, now, we're back, when the girls are trying to fix their action, so these bad guys don't kill them, though, I wasn't interested if they had them. In the flashback, their 10-year-old counterparts are on a boat trip with their sisters and sisters, finally standing on the island by air, confused by one child and his grandfather. Any doubt of the probability or the reasons to keep looking will never show, but the flashback was no better than it is now, which, yet, does not say much. For some time I had forgotten about the original story, At one time, I was perhaps the director was also, and when the flashback ended, that would be the end, which would work for me to explore this desire would have time to half an hour. This useless movie into an unreliable movie has finally ended up, and the real thing happens, but it's stupid. I think I was not quite sure to expect a full-blown film, or something like that, but I expected some kind of extraordinary B entertainment, just the story of confusion, uncertainty, uncertainty of its kind. My advice will be looking for something worth as an Attack Of Creatures Creatures. If anyone, I would just like to suggest this to the B-movie collectors who should have all, any other interested person can have brain damage. What I actually find is that I still do not know why they called it Please Msile Children. 3/10
