I like to hear like 'an old man', but I really haven't seen so many movies that I liked that were made after 1960 ... in general, movies seem to be worse and worse (though I have enjoyed much more Baio Scott car "Bread, My Sweet"). , except for the 'de rigeur' sex area which added NOTHING of value to the movie. This film makes the mother, a former girl of Las Vegas, seem to be unable to conquer alone, although she is clear in her 50 years (although she says she is in 40 years). I did not come to buy. I'm 57 and like all the women I know in their 50s and 40 years, beyond the ability to live alone (if I have been doing since I graduated from high school at 13, I had been freed and released for my own life trip.) <Br / > <br /> The daughter cannot be trusted in her role of work ... she gets promising she is not eligible (great opportunities) and these drops too, but when another employee standing on the plate is ready to give, authors beat down as a 'tenant', when doing just what anyone who is looking for a job can do - using a great opportunity to open up and a lack of self-reliance - a colleague's work, a girl who seems to not know the concept of respecting his promises (to his master, in this case). for a short time, but then he does his mother (the woman who gave him life and raised him to 'life') as a pariah. It seems that the 'writers' of the tripe like this do not understand that it is not 'normal' for parents to do as children, and then treated AS children for their children. That is more than a 'baloney' category that Hollywood continues to try to strengthen our throats as though we, their people, we were foolish to lust for their creative offerings. <br /> <br /> This is a movie sad and end of stupid. If the male worker was real and not a 'TV' character, he could stay with the mother, who was not older than he and very interesting. But eventually 'it falls' to a daughter, a little, unhappy girl who has a youthful disease, but usually, bland way. (A young woman who worked with this girl is no more attraction, physically.) There is no reliable reason presented to the audience and why restauranteur loved the daughter (who was delightful, selfish, self-treating her mother for very disrespect for the mother) kind, odor, angry, and had a joie de vivre daughter could not understand. No doubt the mother had her own mistakes ... she had already died of her husband by drinking herself for a year or two later allegedly caused a quarrel between her and her beautiful daughter. <br /> <br /> Regardless of how the characters were or were not developed, this is a baloney movie and waste your time to view the value unless you like BALONE. (Where is the pastor?)
