While the book of the book seems useless and incomprehensible, the reason could never be found in the book: either did not mean to start with, or the action is one that has not been easily used for the film, or the movie lost the point, which is the constant result of These results, and the most easy to happen, especially when the point is one is easily misunderstood. The book "Morvern Callar" is sure; every reader of this book must have this impression, and he felt as if he had found it; but many suspects could not speak in words. I don't know I can, myself, but maybe comes to this, or something like that: Things come, things go, that's life, but we go on; or at any rate some of us - people like Morvern - do. Of course the most skeptical erudite can create more clarity. But the important point is that there is a point - maybe the whole story is a step - and that this would be the main thing to put it into perspective, and to carry more, by fixing the story to the film. The creator of this film seems to have missed the point, and does not know its own place; and so the film is not worth anything. This is not a common complaint of a loved one of the book that his loved text has been broken. The explanation of the book is something that I have strictly accepted: by reading I found the blood problem, and the experience of arresting the author in the pants and putting him in to finish the job well. The story is supposed to be Morvern's seminar, but the deception is given regularly by twelve kinds of literary effects, just as the author has asked for his pen; there are variations in style and sound, as different parts were included at different times; and any conclusion I could reach on the Morvern came back to remain because he was not sure what the author wanted and what he did not do: for example, in spite of independence for Morvern himself as a striker, I am wrong that he finally sits a little girl's Scots girl, and under its closure for music downloads is not different from previous generations? In any case, despite my anger to the author, I could not deny that his book was with me; and what I cannot leave my head is characteristic of his character, his angle in the world, which was almost like a picture of Goya. Morvern is a kind of person who always meets the situation at once rather than comic and rather awesome; he often invites but often visits, like a river, so that his many lives include some sort of left but in a pleasant way - through, without knowledge and understanding of philosophy - and that does not begin to describe idiosyncratically enough. The complexity of the events and responses of the Morvern to them is the book of the book, and its success, in disclosing the cross section of existence will be difficult to shine otherwise; for all my hatred of the book, I can see this. The Morvern just explained not the Morvern of the movie; or if it is, many of them are kept away. Migizaji who can be good for the character, if he was a good old age, is Angharad Rees, from the previous TV series "Poldark". Samantha Morton, then, would have looked like giving out: he is such an actor, and in one of his original movies, "Son of Jesus", played a girl with a few adjustments he could turn into this. Unfortunately, if the film has turned out, he has no character from the playbook. For one thing, this book is that, if it should be displayed, it gives a cry to the group specialists and the main character for the audience; without his opinion, his view, his voice, the story loses its meaning. It has lost more because the adaptation has changed its interesting and terrifying things: the most memorable events from the book are reduced before returning, and so the Morvern (either for amusement or chaos, depending on their feelings) is not there, and these events they have no reason to be in the story. In short, the filmmaker chose for a certain reason to turn a series of series, a series of serio-comic film in the art of art, and chose as a picture of one of Mrs Morton's model losing a melancholy; as Morvern travels for a visit to Cross stations. This is not all the book, or Morvern of the book, which was near. For another thing, Morvern's movies are not Scotland (the author said in an interview he did not have time to learn emphasis), and he should be: it is important that he, his family, and all his partner come from the same place. And finally the film is not at the end of the story: Morvern of all the use it has to come home to the dark icy: it is cold, the pond has frozen, power out, and pub is dark. To stimulate this, leaving the rest of them, what is left of a failed film, a dead film, on the issue that powerfully puts it in its rejection, or lack of ability, even to give it to the dead.
