After watching several events, I have decided to stop on this show as it shows in a false way the mathematical model. In events that Charlie could predict the future of people using mathematical models, I thought my work was being used. I am not a mathematician, rather than a chemical engineer, but I do a lot of work with mathematical models. So I will try to explain to the messenger why what is shown is next to "make-believe" story stories. First, select the correct example of predicting the situation is the required task. Charlie Eppes is portrayed as a professional, but even he will spend a lot of time searching for a good example, especially by trying to try someone who will or will be next time. People are the same as not, no example to them. Isaac Asimov even wrote about that in the 1950s. Even if there was an example of a specific type of individual, it would be very likely (stoichastic) one, because it has a good chance to do wrong predictions. Second, assuming an appropriate example for a person or situation is available, model models should be known. These parameters are equality barriers, such as acceleration (9.8 m / s2), and are often not easy to determine. Again, Charlie Eppes would have to be someone more knowledgeable to know the correct criteria for the model he chooses. And after the model and the criteria are selected, they should be tested. Then, they are not, and by a miracle, they face a reality that is predicted. Third, the most important shape of the model is almost always unacceptable, not only by the calculation, but also by the sci-films: practical interventions needed to solve these models. Try to make Excel solve a complex model with multiple equations and parameters and someone will get to find Herculean work. Even if Charlie Eppes has the correct software to solve his models, he can get stuck with the material that will be good. And even with a combination of software / appropriate equipment, the model solution can take the day to reach. He settles them right away! I was able to use his computer in my research work, I would be very happy. <br /> <br /> As a sporting game, it's far from being the best show. The characters are somewhat, but not too far as in the Big Bang Theory. The crime is swift and how Charlie Eppes solves it sometimes makes the FBI look very improper. <br /> <br /> In some order, the show can work. For some, the methods used make it difficult to swallow!
