Once again the Canadian TV comes out of itself and creates another show that will go unnoticed after its first period. <br /> <br /> The last time I remember sitcoms are supposed to influence us in business laughter. What? Is it amazing to beat all white people to think that all Muslims are terrorists? OK maybe just one joke to strengthen for civilians. But it's not 30 minutes. It is called a dead horse. Even the SNL would know the withdrawal after breaking commercial. Also, let's have a little conflict in this text. What? He or she can not serve cucumber sandwiches to break the speed of Ramadan? When will Ramadan start? Ohhhhh this is the winning Emmy here. <br /> <br /> And the characters! What characters? They are all out of the card cards without anything interesting to make us follow from one situation to the next. That is the stage of the playing situation. We need to be strong, attractive, powerful to keep us on a regular TV set every week. We should care about these characters to be concerned about the trouble they are going to get next week. If I have never seen these characters you will be very quick. Thanks I can't remember their names (note to CBC - that's not a good sign). <br /> <br /> And the act is bland. It's more problematic in cast than for participants. None of these people are involved with players playing. They seem to just do their part as if they were working on a weekly film. Sitcoms require practitioners who live and breathe such behavior - make us love with them - where it breaks down with behavior that reflects. See any Sitcom of America and you will see how characters are easily known. Part of the problem is that executives seem to treat this project as though it may be a platform for great things and better than having one of their major lifestyles that will spend the next 8 years. This level of disinterest in characters and project suggests. But to be honest, based on the concept of the blind and the evil text, they do not have much to the executives do but say their lines and try to run on any furniture. As another advertiser says, this looks like a TV movie and not a sitcom. <br /> <br /> And lead or missing there! What can I say, Canada has a lot of talent, see what the Comedy Center is doing with the deadly and striking. Check out the Trailer Park Boys (not a movie that causes you to become a great helium dog). See any US show to see the possibility of our talent as yes where many of our stars are going to get a good job. To give credit to CBC, they know how to create advertising for the event. Remember "One"? No - well even try to learn any names of the characters in this show, certainly going through the dodo. Let's have hope of a full strike of ACTRA so that nothing like this happens to Ceeb for a long time.
