You would like to have Ingrid Bergman and Warner Baxter that this film would be very good. Unfortunately, the film is difficult to believe the characters with a serious problem of conspiracy that makes some characters seem to be added to the brain. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Ingrid Bergman to come to work with Stoddard's family. Everything is very peachy and sad - family looks Bergman and things could not be perfect. That is until Mother (Fay Wray) dies, the stock market falls in 1907 (wiping the lucky family) and Bergman is forced to return home to France. This part of the film is a little sweet, but it's not bad. Later, after the fortune of the family improvement, Bergman returns. The four boys have now grown up and there is no reason to consider why they could hire him again as a boy. But, in short, everything comes again. But, when WWI happens, all four go to war - gosh! In the midst of this, one of the sons (David) brings home his new wife (Susan Hayward). Miss Hayward's behavior is black and white as others, although they are all good and resting, she is plain devil devil. To make matters worse, he comes to live at home when David is fighting. <br /> <br /> Now here where the movie gets true, really dumb - brain-mute dumb. Hayward begins the matter with one of David's brothers but when the father sees the silhouette of lovers, Bergman goes into another door and pretends that he is, not Hayward and Jack! WHAT? Why would anyone with ignorance do this to save the woman's evil and pretentious woman? This was a kind of excuse Bergman needed to eliminate the bed-snipe once and for all! This is just a case of writing lousy and making me mad ... and most likely it did this to the audience back in 1941. Another movie has a chance to fail after a chance failure for Hayward's evil being exposed. This comes against the mind and makes the film a romantic romance. As expected, however, ultimately eventually comes out and everyone appears once again — happy to be one big family of love than a slut, Hayward. This video is facing poor writing. Hayward's story is not worth it - at least how it was done. And, having characters who are good-to-get or bad (without the middle thing) tries this movie to a second-level soap. The only thing that really saves is acting — they tried as they could with a turgid script. It is worth mentioning that the journalists of Columbia Pictures who made this film should be applauded with chicken!
