I saw Adam had four children for the first time and something that touched me was that I believe that the model used was Theodore Roosevelt and his four sons. They were almost ever equal to four boys in this film. Warner Baxter in his exhibition of Adam Stoddard spoke about the same values ​​as the family culture that you would like to hear from our 26th President without some of the issues beyond the TR. <br /> <br /> If all TR's stoddard are used in World War I, in this case the less you lose the eye than the kill. But what if the female minx goes into this male household and destroys the things? That's the work of Susan Hayward here. In one of its first responsibilities, Hayward is a girl who is married to one man, has a relationship with another, and starts playing with three. It is a preliminary predecessor of the kind of part that later brought Oscar into I want to live. I think that with a strong example of decoration as Theodore Roosevelt had Warner Baxter shows, everyone is afraid to tell Dad what is going on. They have also their leader Ingrid Bergman. Here's where the plot finds a little silly. Bergman has been brought to us as a leader employed by Baxter and wife Fay Wray for their children. Wray dies and Baxter faces other financial changes in business. Bergman must stop coming back. He returns to France and years later returns home when the children are up. I'm sorry, but I can't believe children need to enter now. Hayward is very accurate when he fights with him not the children who brought him back. Under normal circumstances, Bergman could continue his life. One of the previews said that a quarter to a third of the film I was listed. It is possible that this may be the reason for the many holes we have. It is so bad that Ingrid and Susan could not make another film together in fifty years when Hayward was over and Bergman had just returned. Susan Hayward is the main reason for seeing Adam He had Children. And I am determined to believe that Ingrid's good plan was left on the floor of the cutting room.
