We all know that some of the biggest movies at all times have been reading books. Although it is not very accurate, these movies were the best film. Some good examples are a series of Harry Potter, the trilogy Lord of the ring, and on a small scale, almost every Disney film ever done. However, I must make it known that A Wrinkle in Time is not one of those movies. Not only does it fail to meet the basic expectations of the fan of Madeleine L'Engle, it can resist the scriptwriting standards, acting, special effects and, ultimately, respect for the audience. Remember, I don't try to have meaning; on the contrary, I came into this with an open mind. I thought that t -V made-to-. The movie would for the lack of razzle-dazzle in its script. After all, Star Star stars were polite, if they were a little bit. Come to think about it, the Star Wars was originally made "budget money lunch", and see where George Lucas! However, from the first incident, the desire began to cover me as if I would get closer to the red Black with it. One way to Greedo's first shot was a sign of the Special Star Wars of 1997 (a large-scale disaster involving a broken director to make a lot of change to a partner student), Mrs. Whatsit is officially a sign of my self-confused and stupid sign. which is a Template of Time. The reason for this is the fact that he has been mutated more than faith. In addition to the decision to make Alfre Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) as our beloved lover-lover, filmmakers decided to be sure to show him as a cock. That's true, cock. In addition, the heavenly heavenly nature of this beloved character has been struck by what appears to be eight years old; A good half-man, half-horse and wings have been the human head of bigger and a creepy smile mounted awkwardly on the body of the horse that happens to be a pair of wings in the middle. If I have been five, this would have psychologically caused my life. The worst part is that when you spoke, it was shown back to avoid the role of interlinking the mouth, causing the area that was used to look at its head and see one cheek, which does not cause, so giving a piece of special effect is less reliable than ET After getting more pain, I must go to one-cry cry-inducing: characters, acting, and stories. I, personally, always thought Meg watched somewhat similar to Moaning Myrtle from Harry Potter's films: open hair, glasses, and many figures could get laughable. He was a little worried about the calculation of the calculation of the calculation that could not have a little feeling about imports and exports to Nicaragua. In the film, he is very bad to know all whom I have no pity. In fact, he makes me feel sorry for poor Jenkins, the head of his school, who continues to deal with him. Calvin, kind, intelligent child who thinks everyone is jock has been jock! Anger is terrible. For an unforgettable Chapter, they took a beautiful woman who would like to look at the good things and choose someone who is "on the sex" and likes to look for "beautiful" things, such as girls falling on swings. Only three people I can think of who has done a good job is Charles Wallace, Mrs. Whatsit and Someone with Red Eyes (the name of "Dude With Red Red" due to her joining as a character). <br /> The story is a mess. The best explanation for this movie feature is Harry Potter and the Azkaban Prisoner, who did not do a good job of returning to the story found in the book, but it was still the only original work. Here, the only book is to have a good discussion with Hades under the ground, apparently does not know that his body is destroyed. As the Lord of Darkness includes only how well it shows that the truth should be seen and not be seen, the flat-nosed wookies of Ixchel (who replaces the mysterious beings that have a Beast Animal among their rows) breaks the spine. As the God of the dead explains how Camazotz's care of the world - as it was, the pages covered are spread out in the hurricane and disappear into the darkness of the evil world. I am sorry that this film is available. I don't believe that executives were really true. It is the way of the characters written that destroys it. When eligible to be approved by Lawrence Kasdan, led by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, consolidated in Industry and Light of Difficulty, held by John Williams, due to his voice in Skywalker Sound, modified by THX and sold by Twentieth Century Fox. In its current form, the film should not be shown to people who respect. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought it was bad. The book was Beautiful, the film was bad, and Mrs. Whatsit was Ugly. <br /> <br /> Score: 0.1 / 10 (If I could) <br /> <br /> Continues: <br /> <br> They get the right names. Caravan: <br /> <br /> It had serious problems with the level of Definition of Change, script, acting and specific effects, not to mention the lack of evidence to read the book. O, and the main lid / poster has a picture of three characters riding a horse flying on the castle. Others may say that this shows a high adventure. I say it suggests an indifference to the artist's artist who had no trouble at the hand of Photoshop Meg on well.
