Director Kevin Connor and wannabe action-hero / romantic shooting Doug McClure, the team rebuilt in this spirit story set Japan. They had made great success in the 1970s, and loved ones of the 'Land When Forgotten' (1975), 'In the Core World' (1976) etc. Without plastic organisms to carry the story with, the result is shabby and derivative through corny. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a prologue set in the 19th century, and Samurai husband killed his wife and his girlfriend before committing suicide. Moving now is the introduction of a married couple Ted & Laura, visiting Japan and moving to a home where the epidemic has taken place. It is not surprising about what is happening in the future, and the spirits of the dead starting to replace the new inhabitants and family friends Alex (McClure) with the role of the wife's partner. Everything is dealing with nail as well as the humility and grace of the elephant's reward, for inevitable (but surprisingly decline) conclusions. The main points of interest are two insufficient instructions ('Omen' has a lot to answer by developing this as a typical element of fear), and the love of the love of the love of Susan George. The first is a long piece of 'Don't look Now' with its hub, full with piano music; The second is very short (perhaps in his emphasis) to interfere with McClure, both seem very worried. However, any cloud has money coins and two spectacular displays that are not all lost. In general I can not decide whether 'House where Evil Evil' is garbage, selected garbage, or entertainment for the type of eyes. If you are not in that kind there is nothing here, but for fans of fear there is likely enough to make an unusual smile of rye and agree to accept it with respect to the effort. <br /> <br /> BEST SCENE - for any other great, black film, tree plant, Japanese-mixing mechanical crabs would steal the show. They are reduced though for the story of the family meal, where the head of the spirit appears in the soup of the daughter. After seeing this feature he asks what kind of soup is (!!!!), told the meat and vegetables, before saying a lifeless line "Ugh - there is a bright face in my soup". If this was not enough, the answer is "Yes, eat your soup for Daddy." Laurel & Hardy resting a piece.
