At the beginning of the film, you can double check the DVD cover and re-read it several times, but no worries. It's not a "Memoirs of Geisha" that you bought; The only movie containing intro which is more classy and stylish than it has any right to be. However, the opening is the best thing on the whole movie, as it shows how the 1840 master of the samurai sword put his wife to commit adultery. He reduces the two partners before making some of the cats (suicide for child worship). Cut down to the present day, the US Ambassador to Japan will welcome the family of friends and take them to the same house where the killings mentioned earlier occurred nearly a century and a half ago. From then on, this becomes the most common house of the haunted still quite a short and implausible script still makes it an extraordinary amount. Let's start with the good things, which are the original Japanese set and the presence of delicious Susan George who is all my favorite UK horror wench (well, with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). Bad things include that the screenplay is not available, the most imbecilic of repair and full of misleading failures that simply move to laughter. The unhappy souls of the house begin to enjoy themselves by getting into the bodies of new farmers and making them do and say all kinds of things. The spirit of a woman who is actually murdered actually enjoys blowing into Susan's trophies and strengthening in the improper seductress! In this "owned" state, even attempts a US embassy outside sex in the party's top diner party that is full of popular visitors. Therefore, in full, it is not "evil" that dwells in the house; The only trio of aggressive ghosts and dirty minds and too free time on their long-dead hands! Indeed these events are more interesting than frightening, especially since blue and transparent shapes remind you of the positive effects of the spirit that were later found by "Ghostbusters". "The House of Evil Place" may be a small horror movie of eternity. In a lot of time, you will be wondering if the director Kevin Connor (who even made the awesome movie "Motel Hell" and "From the Grave") deliberately wanted to make his high and high film, like "Motel Hell" perhaps . But again, everyone who is beaten continues to speak his lines on a straight and real face, so I think we should take everything to weight and feel the problem. "The house where the evil place" has never been insistent or even exciting in the distance and it does not even have any image of gris away from the initial killings. I fully understand how that voice is seen, but the two events that Susan George goes on are the only true facts. So, and maybe it's also an invasion of spiders with high humor (or motto?) In the bedroom of a daughter. Is it completely random and useless that is? If you decide to give this film a chance regardless of its bad reputation, make sure you leave your common sense and think about the door. Remember the announcement for the horrible killings: try the eyes with a clear-mask that was also a piece of landscape in the Japanese brilliant Onibaba fear.
