The film opens with a shot of the peace of a traditional Japanese house full of iliyochangwa roof that sits on the side of a small hill and on the information screen appears that reads 'KUSHIATA Kyoto, Japan in 1840'. Trainer teenager Japanese Samurai named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) walks through the running to go home, in it's waiting Otami (Mako Hattori) who has a relationship with her husband, Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki) who happens to be a teacher of Masanori. Shugoro comes home without expecting to get his wife and student to have very close relationships with each other. His glory destroyed the angry Samurai and murdered Otami and Masanori before suicide. More than a century later and Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) is coming to Japan on a working holiday with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their younger daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure) who works for the US Embassy helps them to stay, you don't need me! He screams is cheaper because it is haunted, which Ted and Laura laughs if they don't trust in ghosts, at least at that time. Almost once the film goes into cliché mode. Lighting occurring and those, Laura has a bad feeling about the area and the Regional Zen internal (Henry Towa) gives the terrible warning them to leave before it's too late that they do not know, of course. Otami's heart, Masanori and Shugoro were punished for eternity to remain in the walls of the house because of the Majyo rebels (Tsuyako Olajima) put them. But there may be a way that they can break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family that can give them their wedding, daughter and maybe even their lives. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor film I thought this was a good average, equivalent to check immediately if you have nothing better but after a day or two you will be completely forgotten. There is nothing to put on memory as bad but on the other hand nothing really good about the film either. Script of Robert Suhosky from the novel by James Hardiman is a bit on the side limited and strictly by-numbers, a lot of cases of spirit to occur in the film all but none of it is very interesting or exciting and the characters flat and direction does not help matters . There are a few combinations such as a large plastic crab that tries to find Amy and her son, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there is a place where Monk Zen removes the house and outdoor ghosts cannot return, however until Ted just opens the door and just walk back, some evil! Something more, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure who was 47 when he did it, try his hand at the Battle of Kung-Fu and east east! George gets positive breast several times including the area very sexual and McClure, although good pain and bed sheets that zinawashika as super glue taken to ensure no dirt waist under the bat. In addition to some screenshots they do not have blood, gore or violence to talk. The effects of the 'transparency' shadow are the same but will not attract many people today. It is professional enough to be made and looks very good but the capacity in the Japanese environment and false stories are destroyed if this film would have been installed in America, England or any other Western country without changing anything. Accurate timing.
