I don't think anyone sitting down to see this film would be expecting anything that looks like a spiritual story but you should ask yourself when you are here if you have ever been afraid. This does not work at the same level but is being tried hard and the film is not suitable for one of these fun breaks. The story is about a couple of Americans who move to Kyoto, Japan to Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) to write a book and brings together his wife Laura (Susan George) and their daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their friend Alex Curtis (Doug McClure) who works at the US Embassy helps them find a living house and sees one that haunted. About 140 years earlier in the house Samurai sought his wife to deceive him and kill them both and then commit suicide. Their ghosts still stay in the house and when Fletcher comes it will not take long before the amazing things happen. Sometimes the ghosts live in Fletcher's bodies and start acting like Japanese people who were before and Laura began playing with Alex that leads to the matter. At the same time, Ted begins to act severely and after pouring soup under Amy's throat is going to ask Monk for help. Unfortunately ghosts find Ted, Laura, and Alex to play their death scene as it happened 140 years earlier. This video was led by Kevin Connor who is known as a good television director but has made false movies and science before and has worked with McClure on some of them. Although this did not come close to fear or develop the atmosphere it has two things that I liked. First, it does not have one end of sappy where couples agree after winning the demon. Instead, it is about to fight a lot of blood where everyone evaporates from the evil of ghosts. Second, it has Susan George in the cast! I've been a fan of his always even though he was seen in schlock but his performances are always high. It also looks nude which he does here in two different events and when they don't have the most common features he has a special tomboy as he looks at it and is one of the reasons why he was so popular. But after being seen in filthy films like this I think it has led to going out of business or working only once. This is not a bad film but it has never been lobbying and watching ghosts around when Monk offers evil is practically deserving giggle or two. Under the foundation is that this is silly and I hope George decides to continue his work.
