I can not bother with the hindrance of the plot since you know what the film is approaching and almost no plot, however. I have seen several managers call it ISOYG film "anti-rape" or even female information, and I must put it on the lies of you of these claims. <br /> <br /> First, what do we see about this film cover? That's the same: behind the woman's shapely. If it's a Zarchi attempt to make a fight against rape - and I don't believe it was - it's almost entirely. Film is the sex of sale and the transfer of sexual harassment and the material is very graphic (everything but real penetration is displayed) that no one but hard core exploitation crowds will enjoy. It (s) in the film is not disturbing, cruel and difficult to watch. There is something that can be mentioned by presenting a horrible crime in the light of this cruelty, but there was no reason for this area to continue for 30 minutes, no. There were also a few developments of the victims and only one of the fighters are progressing slightly (just before they were killed) so the area is not entirely involved in the emotional level. Actually, it is only offered for extreme sexual abuse and you can tell them about ISOYG movies associated with IMDb (Caligula, Cannibal Ferox, etc.) that attracts people of exploitation. Finally, few artists have praised the so-called Zarchi style and lack of sound. But considering how they know nothing else in this film is (acting, script, etc.) I see that these are financial decisions and the film looks like a document because she has put a real camera and let her potato actors do her thing. <Br /> <br /> I can't get on my high horse talking about ISOYG content. I am all for exploitation / fear and love video nasties. In fact, I give this movie just three stars because it really entices more envelopes than other films. However, it is also badly done and after rape occurs, it is actually misleading for the entire film when we look at the ho-hum, especially for lower killings and waiting for sponsorship. It is worth looking at once if you are a fan of 70s hardcore violence but I tell you, the film is very bad and it is not worth it.
