I have seen Gator Bait movies, and this is exactly the same as that. A woman is being sexually abused by a group of broken men and confirms her vengeance for each of them. What makes this movie away from those (though not too far) is that sex content is not glorified. There is a complete weakness of the film, but not the second is forever. Some rape cases may appear to be very broad, but that is just because the movie tries to strengthen the audience's need to see this woman wanting to take revenge. This is a weak film, it has no other way to maintain interest than to take care of our natural desire to see this woman to take revenge on her attackers. I say about your grave is not the type of film you are looking for, but I was happy to see it, since it had a huge amount of violence given to the female leadership, it did not mean to adopt it as a T&A film. br>> B-movies are notorious for being guided by dirt and out of the teen's control, and when I Spit On You Grave is of course B-movie and has more of its naked part, dirt does not drive. On the other hand, the only thing that runs the plot is the non-revenge of the revenge of the militant group. These men are the removal of reforms as they were in Gator Bait films, and a great challenge for the authors seems to have come up with new and exciting ways to kill them, but because the film can't be anything more than the movie B without meaning is because it does not give the message of any kind, but instead deserves only the desire of the audience to see a group of fighters to get exactly what they deserve. One problem that these leaves are is that we should stay through sexual assaults. Typically, the first half of the film is a part that has more secrecy (though not in volume), but it is more painful to watch. We leave even when we look at a woman to take revenge because many deaths were so obvious that they were not possible (it seems like a fortune that the boy at the lake at the end felt a very strong desire to hug the motor in the boat and insisting his genitalia against the propeller, staying that way when the woman reads some of the last words and connecting the string), but again, this movie fulfills only the desire to take revenge that the first half fills us. You know that this is the meaning of the movie, for it ends the last minute the last person is killed. The woman does not live happily at all times, does not write her book, never stops and never return to the dream place, only entering the boat and the motors near the lake when the movie stops her songs. But hey, what do you expect more? Oh, and have you read the ID? If you decide to waste your time to watch this, try and find anyone who is broken or burned. Was I looking at those?
