What the producers of these horrible changes have tried to make it difficult to think. <br /> <br /> A group of high quality executives, in very well cast (with distinctive differences), which provides good performances. Penelope Keith is perfect as Aunt Louise and a good one is Joanna Lumley as Diana. They all do well with the texts they are given. <br /> <br /> For a good amount. The average rate includes sets. The pastor is not like the house described in the book, though the house of the Dower House houses looks like a wonderful one. It is clear that the Dower House is too big. In later parts, the authors decided to bring the whole story to the UK, perhaps saving money, though with a little thought I would undoubtedly entertain Ceylon. <br /> <br /> Now for evil. Screenplay. This is a very difficult situation to deal with a difficult situation. Edward does not die in the UK but lives, blinded. He makes a short look and suicide - why? Loveday has changed from a young woman to love Gus to a wise wife who can leave her life with a decrease in tears (less emotional than a short meeting). Gus, a man passionately loving, is ready to leave his love without a complaint. Walter (Mudge in the book) returns from a faithless man to a dedicated man. Jess has been made a young woman with psychological problems who can't talk. Aunt Biddy still has trouble drinking but now without justice. The House of Power has been taken by the army because there is no more clear than a very short area with Jess who is afraid of armed soldiers. When Miss Mortimer's breast is so happy, I could not see how their performances had moved to the front of the plot. Nettlebed so cheerfully becomes Dobson's mundane. The word limit prevents me from continuing to list. There is a sequel (which I lost all interest in looking after this shortage) and I wonder if the changes were made to create follow-up stories. It is difficult to photograph that Rosamunde Pilcher could pass on this great evil book; perhaps he lost his control when the rights were purchased.
