Dear dear friend ... me! I had the power to see it through ... But why? The first two films are interesting and really good. But this is so bad we had trouble seeing something around. This was some kind of insult to children. I can't believe that this film has been made all the time. It looks like a props that have been taken from a bad western style of some kind (for children) and just did anything they could. <br /> <br /> What listeners are this film? I can only think about the age of 12-14. If you are 14 years old you will have serious problems with this movie. It's not just slow, but it's quite interesting. The characters are overthrown (not just a little) and so it's fun for a while ... but not long enough to make you want to delete tomatoes on the screen. You know everything that will happen too, causes yes ... you've seen BILLION before any series of heroes on TV for children. I chose all the survivors and any second food for the second parties were brought. It is very bad ..sosea .. and ... desire. Well, we got a laugh every time. Not only in the holes of the conspiracy, but some of the events that have a replay value or two ... or one place that is, where two baby earthquakes emerge to one of the most obvious lunch. which led us to do it again and to reject it wholeheartedly. It still makes me grin when I think about it. But that just happened sometimes more sadly ... and when the "gunass" gunman shows up and overacts its amazing part ... that with one comment "They come down like DEMONIC TROUT!" At this point we where almost close to laughter. But after that .. and it could be up to that .. (?) .. so it's very much descending from there. So the tabs here are a demon problem and mix. If anyone tells you this is a good movie ... he is a "plant", vegetable or a very bad person. This film should be the worst of the tremors. Looking forward to seeing the Shock 3, it should be that the box office hit compared to this ... this ... * goosebumps * no ... I'll leave you there.
