Okay, I know that many people might reject this review as Watership Down is a "classic" and the most common part of the childhood of many, but seeing this film for the first time at 18 years of age, it must admit: I hated it completely. We watched this film because my sister had read the book and was very excited, and many people who shouted in the words "bath" - their visuals to see the film as children and have their feelings broken on the seams - suggested. Be honest, I would not have trouble. I gave the benefit of doubt; generally do not like to stop watching half of the film through half. This was different. It was true, in fact, deliberately, very low. This film can possibly be slower than I watched (consider the snail doped in space), and certainly "didn't do" to me. Art was good; The nature was good made if not a bit bland and twee, but the rabbits themselves did not love much and animation was quite jumpy and badly produced. <br /> <br /> I'm not going into great details about story story; it is primarily a story of a rabbit group that leaves their battle for human intervention in the area. Usually the ethical story of the risk of human cooperation in the environment, uses anthropomorphic rabbits to keep the message. For me, I was anxious that they could burst, not because I was a horrible person, but because the characters were not strong, angry, angry and generally rude (oh I am very English). I realized that I was looking at the clock all the time when I watched the film, and it took about 20 minutes or more before anything happened, and even that was an evil anticlimax. If I would like to praise in any way, I would like to admit that the idea of ​​showing children the risk of building on the field and hopefully revealing human pride etc. is very good. Perhaps it is all purifying and preaching, but the message you are trying to give is good in its nature. Music song was not bad, too. Therefore, this is, the film is very bad. I could not look at all the way, or maybe I had to eat my own feet in weight. In fact, it is not "bad" Torque, but it is still not very common in my eyes, so I gave it 2/10. <br /> <br /> This hope helps.
