The 1930s saw films about the distant corners of the world, and the wild animals, foreign lands and ancient people of unusual cultures. In addition to the equipment to transport film workers to a remote and dangerous area, and then bring 'em back to life (with film pictures), these films were often much cheaper than the usual Hollywood features. because there were expensive costumes, clothing, or top film stars. Many creators of the success of these films (artistic and financial) were the team of Martin E. Johnson and his wife Osa, who made several documents (sometimes with clear events) in Africa and Asia. Johnsons' movie trailers were very popular, inspired by several peodies ... especially Wheeler & Woolsey's "So This is Africa", where a very beautiful girl Esther Muir has a character called Ms Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E. Johnson, geddit) ?). Although some filmmakers had been producing trips for this time, Johnsons' films were very popular in this kind because they relied heavily on humor. From our perspective (I hope), this is a great mistake in Johnsons' writings: there are so many cases that the colors of the color colors of the colors are the colors of the color paints The color of the color paints paint the color of the color paints of a color-colored color. Mr. Johnson and his white wife. One of the real realities of these movies is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years more than her husband, she might seem to be a young enough to be her daughter. It is certainly not as interesting as Esther Muir, who was a red-colored, Osa Johnson was a natural hero who gave a beautiful show in front of the camera in all the films she made with her husband. Congratulations are probably the best of Johnsons' films. The shots of the Congo are impressive and has a historical value as evidence of what this environment looks like in 1930. Shots of Pygmies and other locals are also interesting, although these are faced with Johnsons' penchant for action steps in a way that makes the locals look at. 'wild' and alien. The best (and funniest) view in Congorilla is the wrong sequence that Osa Johnson is trying to teach jazz dance for other Pygmy women. (Drums are Black Bottom, not below ... the dance that Bob Hope taught to Daisy and Violet Hilton, twins.) They wore jodhpurs, riding shoes, and pith caps, Osa Johnson begins to sing when he is making a stairs and kneeling her in her attempt to teach this dance to African women. At the same time, they stand there looking at him, apparently wondering what the white woman is trying to accomplish. It is a very interesting place, but it has unpleasant buttons. Osa Johnson makes a dance that was made by black Americans: it seems that black Africans should be able to perform this dance after a short exhibition (using natural rhythm, I think) because it is in their blood, or something. I will see the level of 'Congorilla' 4 points out of 10. This film says little about African life in the 1930s and more about American cultural ideas in the same decade.
