There are many good things about the new BSG: There are many Cylon roles for example 8 and 6, for example, which two participants played. There is an old school to feel the design of industries within Galactica ("My ship will not be a network, on my dead body!") Also, all battle space, special effects (although the sci-fi player tourists recognize the cartoonishness of all) the darkness of the characters , their state of destruction. It makes it more painful that the end was a child. <br /> <br /> Yes, the first part, scenes in space, invasion on the Cylons and all that was very good. But the end of the mushy? I am always watching the film and shows these days with a hidden timer, so I never knew how long it was left to the end. So I am a special kind of suffering, so that the end will happen again and again. Every time I thought, oh this is the last place, the last shot, I got one more. Each character of the frakking reached its full end! That wasn't very important. What is the most obvious in the school of the whole school: Roslin's young attractions. Why is it important for us to know that: {a} he lost his sisters and father in a serious accident and {b} that has one night position with a former student / student? What? Does it bring stories? Where was the connection? Now, I am in the most fashionable way of Europe, with random acts of anything in the film and exhibition, and all that, but this was just ridiculous. This did not bring anything suitable for the story. <br /> <br /> Also, I found "the last item of Frakkin" and in it Ron revealed his own weakness on the plot: he could not come up with a good end to the story, so .... he didn't just have! It has never been much about the characters as they did the last part to be. All "this was thousands of years in the" old "idea, the Eve's mitochondrial thing, was also used in the Hitchhikers Guide for Galaxy, and believed me, there are many BSG providers who know a certain H2G2 story. , now there is a story of a story that did not work well, AT ALL. Instead we find Roslin making her old student who is 20 years old. Do not make a mistake, I am with older women and younger men. It should not be wise to be wise. All of it, (writing) in this series is exactly as they wanted its characters to be. That goes even more for the last period. of the series.
