O dear Lord, do you? What part of this film was accepted by anyone? It reeks of cheese from beginning to end, but not a good cheese even. It is a scummiest, moldiest, cheaper cheese there, and I can't believe there is anyone out there who really, has really enjoyed it. Yes, if you have seen it with the burden of a friend of a drunkard, then some bits can be funny in a sad way, but for other viewers just a part of the entertainment is when a group of friends throws popcorn and verbal insults to each other with screens. I watched it with a hand-a-laugh, after having a few beer in preparation to run away from the expected prospects. We have damage (a lot of it), but it's not a bottle. Not suitable even if the bad-so-good movie. It's just bad. Very, very bad. This is why (see as far as you have a spoilerphobic): The movie starts with a guy beating someone else to die. Okay, I was just a few minutes at the end so don't be sure why this was, but I think I have taken 'this guy is a bit of badass who doesn't want to delete and' message back to the area of ​​skill. Oh, and the boy's witnesses. Therefore, we already have our worst-bad man, and wussy but cute (looks) good. Step of the Hero. Big Sam moves on the scene normally, saving a good man through the usual way that only poor action film can complete, ie Hero is protective and shooting, everyone else falls on rather clumsily. Cue the first hole of the field. How the blood of the blood Sammy knew where this man was, or that he could kill the killings. Maybe this, and the answers to all questions related to the hole, were explained in 2 minutes before entering the movie, but I am sure. In fact, I will stop the holes in the plot here, so that I can turn the film into something similar to cheese suisse (which we all know is a good cheese). Thus, the 'plot' (the most generous word of use). The good man should go to LA, the evil man would not have, Hero Sam stands between the two. Cue settings for next-inducing at the next - passenger flight. As I said, I can no longer hollow holes in the holes, I'll just stop there. Passenger flights. Then, a key link so far is missing from this movie's gem, and what makes everything is - Snake. Yay! Oh, pause. First we have an introduction of all the necessary characters that the mature movie must have. Fire, two men (see if you can understand how they die), who died-before-any-snake-even-seen British man (those Brits, eh?), Good children, and Jo Brand. For all Americans who are the comic of the English famous for its size and unattractiveness. Now that we have met and thrown, let's look at all of them not die (unless of course the good children). Do not expect anything natural, it is only a snake that was strangled in different parts of the body that are too extreme. Use your imagination, to be exposed to the film did not use them. So, that's the most closed films, so now for a little more, last. As expected, everything is very happy as a land plane that everyone in front begins to absorb the face. Yep, Ice-cool Sammy includes. But be patient, we are not all away from the birds yet! The last boy to extinguish is a good person, but as he is beaten (you have revealed) snakes (of all things). Obviously this one was hiding the hair of Mr. Jackson all the time, for somehow he was able to resist the pressure of the air that a good old hero had hired a few minutes earlier, despite the 200ft constrictor (the one who ate the UK's pesky bugger) that they couldn't. So, Sam removes him and the snake in one fell swoop. At this point I prayed that the movie was about to make u-turn U-turn and reveal that all along the hero was actually a traitor of some sort. But no. For icing on the way of cakes (but for stale particles, remember), it has been revealed that the peak of the film was a vest of the shooting evidence. How anyone can think that they have listened to the last 10 years, only in 2006 will be impressed by their knowledge more than me, but it did well to reflect on the film. Really, we can't actually do it yet. After everyone called him a face (Uncle Sam and a leading actor, a good man with Tiffany, a black black sign with a white sign, with a couple of fire in the necrophilia temperature), it's a good boy and hero to make it. ... in Bali !!! No, he was not always excited, the fun features were there to represent my full joy when seeing the credit score. Yes, the last shot of the film is a celebration of the trip to convey the message that the male connection has occurred, and the chance of any morons that actually enjoyed the movie to stop a few times. That's right. This is the first time I have written a review of the film, but I felt so much that someone should speak against this movie trailer. If you like birds, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, air assistants, bad guys, use, dogs in bags or English people, then please, please don't see this movie. It will explore all of your views up to now that you will never be able to contact any of them again. Go see United 93 instead. That was good.
