"Raising Victor Vargas" is one of the family movies, which you can watch and do during N.Y. Times. And if you want to go to the kitchen for taco and Corona, you don't have to "rest" DVD. Let's leave it, because you can't miss anything important. No twins, turns, or tension. Not really a tribal movie, it is a movie about poor families, migrants struggling to become Latino. They can be a ethnic group. It made a little difference. I've seen all the zillion before. Just stole in the Jewish family, the Italian family, the Black family, or the Irish family. Just words and names were different. If the Vargas family was the name of Bush or Clinton and they were Presbyterian, the movie would be a snooze total. It is funny that these critics could not get directly to this place. Some said it was the Harlem of Spanish. Some Bronx, and another Brooklyn. Like New Yorker's entire life, I vote in the east east. And it seemed that the family never met someone except other Latin. They lived in a small / weak enclave. Some interactions with non-Latin can create excitement, interest, or tension. Remember the Western Story? <br /> <br /> And now for the most expensive movies. I don't know whether it was my TV or what, but all the local shots appeared very much to my ORANGE. Ideally, furniture, and all faces were ORANGE. What did it mean? And fit. he seemed very good to me. The man here explained that the old rooms / old rooms had too many rooms. Maybe, maybe 50 years ago. Owners of houses have made it one big break into 2 or 3 and very small and few immigrants as they can get into them. And something else to suppress .... This is the second family movie I have seen and blamed this week that shows a young boy "emerging". What? Is this sexual act important for us to watch? Please give me! What are these directors? <br /> <br /> So "Victor Vargas" is a very good movie. It was good to change the view of Latino actors found breaking and the opportunity to show their talents, what they did. But writers leave them, giving them a flat, odd script to work with them. Enjoy the show, but put your fingers near the "fast forward" button.
