when discussing a movie called 'snakes on the plane', we should tell them early that snakes are very useful in the plot. What we are here is the worst snakes that don't look and don't move like a real snake. snakes are afraid because they seem to be slimy, crawling causes. snakes do nothing like that. they walk as if they could play in a video game. they are snakes of cartoon. I would even far say that even a man who had a big phobia against a real snake cannot get these scary fear / knots! why not rely on the doubts. or still better, why not just make them look good at first place? and perhaps you are still using it gently to try one thing for John's characters. here we have a real slide, and a large number of. 20 years may go and we get this spider 'sfx on the plane'. Where will these people wake up and smell the coffee? special effects go back! <br /> <br /> Surely you would say .. but the movie is a dragon, it gets? surely I have this idea, but do well! in addition to the above, this film discusses discussion. and music and sound effects are not angry or remembered in any way. I could handle every other actor being part of this film, except for jackson. what was he doing there? The man who had a star in the falsehood of 10 years ago. Is this a career development? Do you give people money for money? No. I would like to know what Tarantino thought when he was half way through this stinker of movie <br /> <br /> the current generation seems to have very low expectations. and Hollywood seems to be just giving them what they want. by leaving movies I saw several ads of real awesome alarms of real awesome including ... DOA: dead or alive, (other) film of cgi called 'flushed away', and another string of watch comedy 'click'. In addition to this I saw bad trailers, including one for (other) UK crash horror / comedy. I have not seen the true film industry in such a mess for a long time <br /> <br /> expect to see this film to sell in the DVD part of a business for £ 1 for 6 months. A big snake looking, and some bad ass cold chat from samuel j jacksons lips. forgot.
