More I analyze this film, the worse it becomes. First of all, why a powerful speaker? That part was just stupid. I mean, why is the ruler trying to control the world depends on the motivating speaker? What? Alexandre Stone is really not recommended? First he cannot decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he looks at the Bible with thought. A lot of these ideas, I can add, are not quite sure (For example, part of "Ishmael's houses and Isaac will say with fear" would have already been done. ) And the family of Gillen Lane! They had any place except to give the family of platfrom values ​​and blow their eyes with water! I can add that since Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is only twenty years (or that is the feeling I had) and has a ten-year-old child, she had her child during high school. Yes, there is a family of TBN family. Also, why should this film be like propaganda like? I would like to repeat what the previous consultant said. The Indiana Jones flicks using Christian mythology as a dvice plot and run well so we are poisoned. This film doesn't do that. Origin begins well, with Michael Ironsides having a priest who was killed by a certain scholar and stole the Omega Code of the dead. Then when they meet two men who are really afraid, two prophets tell him, "Tell your master that we're here!" Dominic (Ironsides) responds "He already knows" and explains a small surveillance camera. The part sent my back. It was just going on if the same area would like this film. I will give Michael York credit: he does a good job of doing his character, such as Michael Ironsides. But good people are terrible. I have already been ready for the family of Lane. Now that I am on acting, I will continue to plot. This is a clear film of the Baptists, since our beloved Vatican Pope is shown as a martyr. The administration of the world I loved and found the possibility and falsehood, as well as a series of steps was also interesting and well done. Also on another Vatican, their leaders seem to be logical ideas, since Gillen explains to the Pope that it is not the end of the world, but the beginning of the new moon. control the world. Anyone who was, just wanted to join, could send on orders and kill them. This is similar to the United States to know about KGB going to kill the President and just say "We won't talk to you again!". Come! I enjoyed the events where we see the bombs that led Israel to see them again on the track. Secret for a short time.
