Honestly, the Omega Code is the worst movie I have seen for so long. During the first 30 minutes I sat in amazement to my seat, trying to decide if I would need a payment. But since I have never paid for seeing it first (go), I thought I could stay. And I didn't think it could be worse. <br /> <br /> It did. I will run quickly through points below (includes some providers): The bad publications of Casper Van Dien as Gillen Lane, a powerful speaker and two PhD. Character was not the same; for example, Lane, in spite of its reputation, is a perfect nitwit. Then there is the fulfillment of the fulfillment of the fulfillment of Bible prophecy; we see a group of interesting sound information that is accompanied by a non-computational computer version of the Bible Code. Also, the alarming procedure "action": Lane avoids due to difficult conditions without clarity, and once Lane actually looks dangerous, it becomes a series of dreams! This is good for grammar school writing, but it is not an unlikely tool to run on a motion picture. Triggering was bad: after a long opener, the first third of the movie turns around every 90 seconds. Later, accelerating improves, but there is still a very fast jump. And as someone else mentioned, years pass still no one (even a young daughter's age). That was disturbed. <br /> <br /> There are a few good things, though. The quality of the film (e.g. lack of grain) is high and very interesting. Outdoor shots were done well with the shooting area added touch to realism. Also, there is a short time in the last part of the film while Lane calls God (ultimately) to help him - this has proved to be fun - even to me, someone who does not accept Jesus as a personal Savior. But I liked this because it hit me as the only real place in the movie. Unfortunately, it was followed by a big misunderstanding. Anime, discussion, direction and acting were NOT all done well. Michael Ironside had nothing to do, and Michael York was just wonderful. I think the producers liked doing too much; if the plot was slow and more focused, and the reputation became more, the film would be better. In short, the Omega Code breaks down. Surely don't pay to see this. I offer ** out of ten stars. <br /> <br />
