Add Victor Vargas: Review You know, Lift Victor Vargas is like clinging your hands on a large, disgusting bowl of oatmeal. It's warm and gooey, but you don't know if it feels right. Try as I can, no matter how warm and gooey Lift Victor Vargas I was always aware that something was not quite impressed. Victor Vargas has many problems with confidence for part of the director. Apparently, the director thought that the ethnic background of the Latino family on the east side, and the story of the improper would make the verification of the film review. He was right, but he had no deceit for me. Elevating Victor Vargas is a story about a 17-year-old boy who was called, you thought, Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk) who lives his teenage years after expelling more skirt than Rolling Stones can do in all the years they have done. The movie starts in 'Ugly Fat' bedroom Donna where Victor is sure to cheat, but the outward cry breaks his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) comes-looking. He was caught by Harold's attempt with his sister, Victor Vargas runs control of damage. However, because of the shame that she has given birth to the most beautiful girl in the neighborhood, nothing stops Victor from going to the hunt for new meat. On a hot day, New York City as they go to a public swimming pool where Victor's eyes find a picture of nymph Judy Marte (Judy Marte), who is not only good, but also powerful and free. The ongoing relationship between Victor and Judy becomes a trend of film. The story also focuses on the family of Victor which includes his grandmother or abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), her brother Nino (also played by real brothers of Victor, Silvestre Rasuk) and her sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). The steps follow Victor between events and Judy and events with his family. Victor tries to deal with the pimp-father, with his feelings for Judy and the Catholic's intellectual development. From the problems of raising Victor Vargas are a few mistakes, but it's wrong. In all the film you know certain characters such as Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and a good friend of Judy Melonie. The problem is, we don't know anything about Victor Vargas unless he is a great gigantic neighbor. We know that she knows how to spray her lips, and spray, and bear herself for the girls in the sack, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano, and in quietness, you can see it with a prize in the family piano. We know Nicki's sister, is a loving girl of rumors and interest in investing TV. We know that the grandmother is a hard working woman of Latina who tries to talk to her children carefully in the world of destruction. But where the character of the titular, Victor Vargas? He is in this film somewhere, but we just know what the film tells us. This is far from the great form of film. Victor Vargas is not very characteristic but a ping-pong ball, blows between events and Judy and his grandmother, but we do not know who Victor Vargas is actually. This is important because as I said the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that it is a young man of liberal size of Manhattan. She is a total of Alpha men. Victor Vargas is not a kind of behavior that I plead with and always. Why does anyone need? So at the end of the film, after the peak what we stirred, we believe that somehow Victor Vargas has reached the depth of depth and learned the errors of his ways? What? Such a double-dimensional character could have any depth? If the director was a little more concerned about deleting his main character rather than worrying about getting a perfect hand shot. <br /> <br /> Adding Victor Vargas brings the world life of a local Latino neighborhood for large screens. Something that a few films have been done before. The film has been excited by this true feeling, and I won't cooperate with it. I have not seen this level of truth since CBS dealt with Survivor. Hardly, though the movie has good shots of the city, the author / director Peter Sollett was also way to rely on close-ups and shots held hand. This problem is particularly evident in internal events that are claustrophobic I had to practice in deep breathing to get out. As the film progresses, the shots are more resistant to curb faces from face to face on the screen; you can make the fragrance of Cologne of Victor Vargas. The overall effect is uneven. The local events inside the city rooms make them look small and crush, which is not true. I have been in those rooms; I was living one. They are beautiful but they have high access and they are a good chance to live. With films you would think that these rooms had 5x5 brick-and-mortar cells, painted with broken walls. Unfortunately, the regular use of the sollett of close-ups and one of the bad shot and zoom-in in one area comes as quite amateurish. But to raise Victor Vargas is the second film of Sollett, and very well known, the strongest effort in the filing of the film that will hope to get better if he keeps doing the film. One review I reviewed as a film, 'Ethnic Ethics,' and I cannot accept more. If Victor Vargas was a good film and story, then the use of characters did not care if they were Latino, Chinese, etc. However if you were taking this story and closing it in the middle suburbia and a group of teeny -bopper white children the results would not be a record as glowing, and we expect the films of the most open film. Indeed, other aspects of Latinos in this film bother me. While some things of Victor Vargas are some of the right I need to ask. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky all share the same bedroom. This has canceled the alarm for me because it seemed to contradict what I believe. Any responsibility to respect the Latino family will not have two older brothers who share one room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother I knew my problem and this was correct. Considering how grandmother cares, you think Vicky would have slept in her room. As Latino grew up in a cotton family of Cuba, raised up with a grandmother when my mother was working all the time, I could involve the film in many ways, that's why my important ideas are interesting because I wanted to love the movie this. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas misled my feelings for the film. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of those boys who were getting set when I played with Sega Genesis when I was seventeen years old. Maybe it's because without a more self-made film, Victor Vargas is just a fierce Latino fire, who will come out just screaming for girls from his car, 'Hey bee, the sun wants to get into the Cheese? Any way I don't like him, and finally how can I love the film on it? So if you forgive, I'm going to wash my hands on a grits bowl. <br /> <br />
