I never was a strict observer of the "River hunter", but occasionally saw a part, or part, and when the news spread over Steve's death's death from stingray attacks in 2006, he really held my attention. This movie, along with Steve and his wife, Terri, are playing themselves, but in a fictional story, it was released in 2002, but I did not hear until several years later, and even after that, I took a short time to get closer to seeing. Well, now I have seen it, and after looking here first (more than once), and seeing its level, I was not surprised how interesting it was, though it would be the best BIT. Apparently, it should be a comedy, so great trouble and it's not quite funny. satellite satellite is located down from space and land in Australia, where it is swallowed by crocodiles! While Steve and Terri Irwin are having caravans to catch this crocodile from a scary venue owned by Brozzie Drewitt, and they do not know what is in it, two CIA agents are sent to Australia to get a residue! Agent is assisted by Jo Buckley, and the owner of the ranch and his dog can work harder for them! In Steve and Terri's message, they face other wildlife species, not just crocodiles, and for that they have no clue that croc has something common in it, while Steve sees CIA agents after them, he gives them an error for witches! It is not just one time to watch this film, the only place that made me smile was Steve Irwin using a big snake to fear one of the CIA agent. Apart from this, I don't think I've seen something even gentle. It is also a bit of a mess without a button, turning and returning from Australia Outback to the CIA headquarters, and looks just like the "Crocodile Hunter" and a part from the awesome act (or something like that) putting together for some reason . Also added on the mixture is the events of the ranch, which also appear to be from elsewhere, and as funny as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, should be, he is not. At one time, we see him with a farting, so we have a fart shock, a sketch of MAJOR in modern comedy! Is it very difficult to resist? I have also found the usual scenarios of the "crocodile crocodile," and Steve crocodile wrestling and making other dangerous creatures and talking about them to the audience, being worried, but I think the fact that I was not a volunteer fan of the show did not help Steve Irwin was recommended by many as conservation the reserve, and caused by the sadness of them, while there are also those who say he was disturbed by nature and had come to him. No matter where you are, "Crocodile Farmer: Competition Course" is not a well-planned movie. I am sure it helps if you're a great fan of Steve Irwin, but even if you, you're not sure that you would like this film, as some fans are not interested. In fact, it seems that some of them have seen this movie worse than me, so maybe it can't help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would say anything you can think about Steve Irwin and his show, this movie was not necessary. The attempt to combine what is seen in the "River hunter" and the false story of course has failed, and the viewer can find that this film looks more than ninety minutes!
