Damned forest begins as five young friends, brothers and sisters Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophia Holland) and Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood), started a long week vacation in the middle of anywhere ', their words are not mine. However, before they know that they are deep in the forest & girl Emilio runs on a woman (Frances Da Costa), as well as the injured person in addition to their problems they are not going to start & they can't get any sign on their mobile phone. They need to get help quickly so Molly and Judd are walking in the hope of getting a house, as time goes on and the darkness begins to fall it becomes obvious that it is not alone and that there is something wrong coming into the forest ... <br /> <br /> This production English and written by Johannes Roberts & after watching several other comments and comments for all here on IMD & & nbsp; & nbsp; Damned forest seems to divide the views and others like & others are not, private did not do much at all. Script is counted on the screen for Roberts but here on IMDb it lists Joseph London and 'additional screenshots' all means, the film is your primary backwoods like Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) and your non-brain-based teenager have bumped away but uses an interesting concept of fallen angels who roam the forest & kill people for a reason that will never describe to any great deal of satisfaction. Then there is Stephen, who played with the wonderful Tom Savini, who has never been given any rights to what he is doing. What? There there to find victims for angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by hitting his head? The story is very loose, it has never been seen as an appropriate film. Character is poor, the discussion is not better and the lack of any important story makes it difficult to get in or care about anything going on. Having said that it goes faster and there are good screens here. Mr Johannes does not do anything special, not a special or stylish look. There are a few screens of fear and the behavior of Tom Savini's good at any time on the screen (though he didn't hear Judd breaking the door down with the bone while running with Molly?) And it's a shame when he is killed. There are a few cases of the year here, a man has his head, there is a decrease, a man shot, a man's throat is beaten, some lips are cut and a man burst by half. There is also a fair amount of feminine weakness, not that it helps a lot. Certainly the Destruction Forest is the same, it is very well done but there is nothing higher or more interesting. This was shot in England and Wales & it is very strange to see the English settings for fear of returning to the United States. Acting is generally poor but Savini who deserves better than this. The author of fear Shaun Hutson is embarrassed at the end of the end and confirms that he should be connected to writing instead of doing. The Damned forest was a very horrible movie, it seems to have fans out there so maybe I have nothing but a movie that I really enjoy. Apart from one time or two better they don't have much here to recommend.
