From the beginning this film was bad! Why was it so bad? If it is not naked women, it is not only the need for good plastic surgery but also the dentist's skills followed by a free hand out of whitening whitening !! Then the old man of the gas station, not too much, but more "I don't know how to do something big and I will look straight ahead and look like a fool as I can while pretending to shout in the tons of robotic on something." in the forest "!! Then go back to these naked nymphs requiring gingivitis treatment .... it looks, without touching ... and this is according to the opening area .... it can cause a bad rash on your neck, which I thought was the body's link lost but it looks like it can do with some TCP to remove it. So you have Sophie Holland who plays Ally, I've never seen kaaaaad like that, she's more than "me, if I'm not happy no one else is, and I don't want to do it so I am not, and I am a more valuable cow. in the world, I have a sarcastic, small and if I didn't get things I will do sulk! ”, the kind of person .... reminds me of more than 6 yr of the old girl's perspective. I don't think it's important even to mention a microphone camera that reminds me of Blair Witch, or how the bottom budget of the film really was that when Judd was hitting the door 'locked' it was clear before it arrived to open it from another side! This film is completely laughable! If it was a spoof then it would have succeeded ... just though, but, if the terrible film was just plain! I can't even describe everything that goes on this film I would like out of the room! Although it was interesting to look at Andrew making raspberry juice on his ear every time he opened his mouth when Tom Savini's behavior was totally blind for two hiding under a table directly in his vision line! It was even funnier when these two thought they could run on a damn goddess, which we all know is you number one hated car so that you backed up since so god damn slow! So it is strange that they do not have it off? And how many people you know that can create their hand and then run for hours as if nothing happened! No pain, no weakening from blood loss, nothing! But a very small part is the moment (and I mean that the real) is a year later and Molly still around the trees after running nymphs, and then look and see, Shaun Hutson takes her ... of course not without the line of promoting her books ! (surely he is one of my authors of fav) but suddenly, and with the absolute sense of conversation about how and why ... he is evil himself and the Hutson attacks to his death, then we refuse to dude madness from the start of a sudden A round walk of trees and oil can, even after its 'amazing' performance on why no one should work there for any reason ... cue nymphs stupidly slappin each other almost a little for fun while Crazy provides gasoline everywhere. ... and here to finish the film .... finally! My conclusion .... if you have never imagined now .... trash! There was no precise thought into it, even anyone who wanted a camera needed to shoot ... and come to think so so 99% of the cast! If a good director, executives, and the rear budget back may be respectable. But, once again, awesome films of the lowest budget budgets but all kinds of types, countries, and industry making English films are shameful !! (And I am English so I'm allowed to say so)! In fact the only and most exciting part of the movie is in the first 15-20 hours when we look at it from night to day on the field area. All that I have thought of in this whole is "Jesus Christ in heaven why oh why have you let this man do this, all his breasts of cattle!" But I can't turn off the film after you start watching it unfortunately. I had to look from Monday's Monday just to remind myself that Tom Savini has it in doing well! If there was a 0/10 option and then I believe I chose to choose it, cuz this film is not worth even one point I gave! But this is just my opinion, check with my own decision.
