This film works from the original idea - I have never seen nymphs that were healed from heaven in a terrible movie before all. However, the way it makes this idea is not the original; we follow a group of children that, for some reason you decide to go on a trip in the forest. The fact that the forest has these nymphs makes it more attractive than just another forest with rednecks / nutcases / zombies etc; but in fact, monsters are just different on the usual fear in the forest landscape. Most movies of this ilk do not have one idea - and it seems that this is wearing its brain cells out with just one. The only asset that the creatures bring to the table is the fact that they are good women who are interested in the characters, rather than being a horrible mess they want to run. This is good until the point; but soon finds boring, and the shortage of any backward story surrounding monsters ensures that the film has not found itself out of the group of 'terrible fear.' It has been years since the Witches made the forest produce a place of fear, and despite the film as the Blair Wizard Project; it still makes for a good atmosphere of fear. This is one of the biggest film material, as the forest suggests a good sense of unknown - the only problem is that the Damned Forest is invisible to have a lot on her sleeve. The order of death shows a lack of different ideas, and the fact that all the characters are cliched in the extreme does not give, for you are more likely to be looking forward to being killed rather than hope they can get away. The cast is especially for children, but there is a role here for Tom Savini; who unfortunately is not happy in the special department of effects. The only real appearance of the film is where employees are involved from nymphs themselves. The women of naked tend to look good, and if it was not for them, this film would be very interesting very soon. There is nothing to recommend this film in fact; but if you want a little daft film of awesome that comes back to the style of eight years of wood, you can find comfort here.
