People tried to make me believe that the basis of this amazing and frightening modern fear was revealed by the very last words sent by the real name of the killer (whose name has emerged at this time). While waiting for his murder in the electric seat, he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue to go to the end of the murder of the killing. It's not a very natural idea to track a terrible film, through. Some of the bottom pieces of the budget are based on a basic foundation, like "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in Machine". However, the "First Power" (a.k.a "Pentagram") is not an absolute quest, but the top script returns to the clichés and it does not have real fun. The film begins the same, although it is the most common secret killers of the village that the hero of the explorer Lou Diamond Philips is following a stupid man who builds blood pentagrams in the chest of his victims. He accepts unexpected help from the spiritual center, played with Tracy Griffith nice and beautiful. He sends him to the killer but also asks not to kill him, for that would lead to a greater disaster! Thanks to Tess' helpful tips, Detective Logan quickly takes the killer and commemorates the death of his death, but Patrick Channing made a contract with Satan himself and returns the rotten streets of California to commit more killings. "The first force" gets the same evil once the murderer has entered again as a spirit of vengeance. Instead of using his powers of reconciliation with Satan to wipe out the whole world (so will I do in his place), Channing likes to play cat games with the mouse and his copper nemesis. She calls him "Boy Buddy" at all times and has friends of Logan's friends and colleagues to deceive him. Although it is not very angry or not well recognized, it is a very weak film of endurance, especially because you get a sense of readyness. The author / director Robert Resnikoff defends himself by attacking every shocking session (the murderer received sexual abuse as a child) and even the line of players can predict easily. As soon as Griffith explains that he can predict the future, you know that, somewhere in the film, he will say the ridiculous ridiculously "I tell people who live their lives, but my life is a mess". Dialing. The Lou Diamond Philips performance is enough, but it is difficult to take a young "La Bamba" striker and "Stand and Offer" as strong as the brass. There are also good works to support Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When Major Members") and the horror story of B David Gale ("Re-Animator") appears in the preliminary statement of The film.
