This is kind of kind, meaning whether it's like the 1950s or you don't. If you do, you will like this. Personally, I would like the 1930s and more of the 40s music and the talents of Astaire and Rogers, and Eleanor Powell, Bill Robinson, Ruby Keeler, James Cagney, Shirley Temple and so on but '50s, slow dance songs and melodramas a decade of soap makes it for me. <br /> <br /> This film is a case of trial. The first song was the same but the three who followed it had nothing for me. At the time, the story did not have many appeals, either. Deborah Kerr's presence is another. I don't think I have seen the movies he made with the star I liked, including this, where a good English teacher who says he uses half-film threat to leave Siam. (I had it!). However, isolating yourself from love and dislike, no rejection of Rogers's production and Hammerstein has many appeals to many people, especially those who loved the "Sound Music" ten years later. There are similarities in R&H music. So, if you like Julie Andrews, you should also like this, too. <br /> <br /> This is Lavish production and, yes, capital "L." This is the type of mass production of music that you have never seen after that generation. Also find the singers called, unlike today, where the actor can not really sing so Marnie Nixon comes to rescue Kerr, as he did with Natalie Wood in the "West Side Story" by Audrey Hepburn in "My Lady Fair." Yul Brynner is "King Mongkut" and is traditionally traditional, representatives of all types always show bad ways. He is not "developed," as the left wings say, but the teacher of education (Kerr, like "Anna Leonowens") will put it right. Today's social development always puts higher teachers than people trying to treat cancer! However, Yul is good in this role and even employs comedy with its more-bark-than-bite behavior. In fact, he is a great star of this film. Brynner had a magnet. Even in "Seven Sabau," Yul was one cowboy who mesmerized the audience. Overall, it's a good movie for its day and millions of people enjoyed it. I'll leave you there.
