Awisha! Awisha! Awisha! No, I didn't like you. It was obvious that the purpose of the film was: to monitor the wheels and deal with the "animators and poets" producing films. In some cases, these are people who represent themselves as others. I didn't need a film to witness how some poor people in the film industry are. I think I have a mistake in fact because I expected something like "Holiday Holiday". I am not a filmmaker or take a film class but I saw that the film included a series of 'two shots' (in the main) where the characters (!) Were found in the line of freedom and they had to clear the discussion. Henry Jaglon says that he and Victoria Foyt actually wrote a screenplay but the feeling is that executives, realizing the overall direction of the film, reduced the conversation - and always did not succeed. Such a case was when Ron Silver was giving a conversation that had no flow of conversation (and I did not look for it!) And Greta Scacchi broke in laughter even though they had to have a great conversation, because Sirili's statement was not sequitur. You also feel that one actor tries to 'deliberate' another player and break his collection. Another example of this is when the producer tells Silver "to bring documents" & # # "(3 times). Money seems real lost in words. I have seen another film that looks like a series of drama workshops on improvisation and it was also bad! The fact that Jaglon was attracted to Greta Scacchi (no visitor to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami, and Maximilian Schell show that it was 'a week of news' to them. Peter Bogdanovich had 'what-hell-am-I-do-here' to look upon his face all the time and I expected to hear saying: "Look, I am the director and the author of the film - not the actors" - which would not be necessary for the situation ! Faye Dunaway appeared to be interested in raising his son, Liam. In addition to the delivery of the discussion, the wound was very irritating even if it was effective - if I think the "nature" conversation was - and the interests of the chiefs were interested in the young people walking on the strand trying to get into the shot. That at least approached Cinema Verite. So, with the French irritating song when I used the seed button, it made for 90 minutes of desperate despair. I think we should avoid apotheosising movies like this. Trying to see value in a film that has a small loan to confirm the so-called transcendental method so it is not recommended. There was anything avant-garde about it. It did not come as a work of art and still was not a document document. I know, it was a cycle but a real test is like it's entertaining. I was tired out of my skull! It had one aspect of redemption: it showed 'Cannes' correctly so I gave 3/10.
