According to the IMDb Director of Takashi Miike, Owner of the Law, was banned in the United States. So I thought I would like to translate Swedish surveys that I wrote in ... <br /> <br /> It was impossible to have any expectations from this Director of Killer-director of Takashi Miike in Masters of Horror series. And the cover of Imprint's DVD made it look very promising. The story takes place largely in the Japanese boundaries of the neighborhood, at some point during the 19th century, and says the story of a journalist looking for Komomo, a woman left behind and who promised to return. He got tired and desperate to get to bordello, hoping that this would be the end of his long journey. It turns out to be one of the prostitutes, a broken and quiet girl, who knows about Komomo, and a desperate person makes her tell where she is and what happened to her since she left. The story tells him it is as bad as it is difficult to swallow ... It is the first thing that was touching me about this event is that the typical Japanese seemed to be hit by a large part of the United States. But I will leave it for it, not a great deal. Is it a great deal yet how poor was. Miike's story goes at such a pace that I couldn't help to look at me several times during 63 minutes. Part of the approved torture, which takes place somewhere in the middle of the movie, felt very unknown - and caused by romantic pictures - that even the situation that did not interest you. I felt it was just violence for violence itself - without a sense of style or purpose. The only incidents that caused any kind of feeling from me were photographs of bloody fetuses under the rapid water turning ... and with all honesty, the only impressions that were misleading were feelings of disgust. <br /> <br /> A journalist who wants a love behind him is played by Billy Drago, for me very much remembered as Frank Nitti - Al Capones whiteclad assassin in Brian De Palmas The Untouchables (1987). I have been seeing the pictures of Dragos of Nitti being very cool (and I mean that in a good way), and that's why I was almost angry when I found him to be awesome (NOT in a good way) in this one. His work seems to flow between no feelings or any understanding of some of the most affected exhibitions. When his behavior should respond to bad things Komomo has been under me I was sitting in a sofa, twisting and turning into an attempt to escape the terrible actionjob released by Drago. I am grateful that many stories are told by Yuoki Kudoh (Memoirs of geisha, 2005), who plays an immoral prostitute. <br /> <br /> Finally you might have to be facing, maybe even rebellion and it's bad, but I've got that kind of ... you know ... "blah" (and I looked at me again, for the moment of the mptieth, just you want the crappy event will be finished). Perhaps the finale has caused me a little smile, but that's because I can't help think of the Red Red section, and the bottom-down chins of Craig Charles and Danny John-Jules, and their eyes have moved them to make them look like visitors ... , if you have seen that part and now you decide to see the Owner, I will destroy your last links forever. My first thought, when Imprint was finally finished, was the only thing that made the pain of looking at it, was hearing the head of the head of Edward Shearmur's head (that music I believe is used in every section of the series this), and that - if anything - it's a great warning of friggin, you think? One can describe the design of clothes, and Michiko Kitamura, and say that there are, at least, something that is not enough in style and efficiency. but there are many other films and television shows that are best in the Japanese "Japanese" show. This is nothing but a miserable and broken heart. The Horror Games of Takashi Miike-parts are boring, uninspiring and useless. In other words; It's true, BAD really!
