In fact, the concept behind the "Masters of Horror" had something to go. The men of long-term fear, who have now been excluded from the industry, have been given the opportunity to speak again, I had come from the beginning. That is, until I look at certain events ... Oh boy, it's very bad TV. It's not just as if directors are given a very small budget to direct their skirts, but there seems to be guidelines too, like shooting in HD for example. To make a long story, it is bad for artistic and financial reasons. I can't help but compare with "Story From Crypt", and M.o.H. The real events are not recommended to compare. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; according to me here are a few keys to describe: TFTC was short (around 25 minutes per section) than the MOH (50 minutes per period), I believe it has allowed images of denser images, and good ideas going on more frequently, better info of the period, a small space to allow the plot to be mixed or interesting. The time may also be the reason why the budget was used well in TFTC: directors had to have REAL music writers (MOH writers if not available, very bad), REAL executives (during MOH is not just a thing but an unknown player after an unknown actor !), True photography directors and, can help sometimes, REAL film cameras (when MOH is hit on HD-sized cameras that have been selected very much), as a result that TFTC events are seen and "they saw movies" that the real players were beaten, from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth by Kyle McLachlan by Kirk Douglas, but they also had filmmakers behind him, of Alan Silvestri, the big direct photographer as Dean Cundey, the top author The end of the screen, and in this sense every "Tale" was a small movie of its kind. Compared to TFTC, "Masters of Horrors" is a very bad way to fear TV. It is very difficult to stand up to see if your standards posed by movies are just above average, because it looks similar to any TV series, if not worse. It gets boring and even cheers very fast, within the first 10 minutes usually. Officials have never heard before wannabes (except Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and a few, but even there, they are the only famous actors of their events). MoH's primary director was originally good, but it's worse and worse for each section: now if even directors are unknown to the world, what is still there? Nothing! And it's funny how they start to have anonymous directors when they've never had, say, Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy ... "Masters of Horror" can not bring dead directors, who will they be? Maybe the return of the Story from the Crypt will.
