It seems to be a tough response to this movie yet no one is aware of analyzing its techniques, which is very serious. It just continues to expand the analysis of the journalistic style, which is that it provides off the audience a lack of knowledge and resentment to encourage emotional feelings and bursting for the worst diatribe. 101 Journalism: Tell the viewer some of the facts just to introduce them to implementing conclusions that are predictable. for example, the idea of ​​civil war, chaos, looting, etc. were all unexpected answers to the collapse of government infrastructure following the destruction of Hussein: Is not this all that has proved to be a non-destructive culture? teach the doctrine as the signs of these muscles of Islam itself, rather than the failure of police to prevent and secure? What? they instead of the United States have announced the rules of the marshall? I am sure the paper here would have avoided the prosecution of the police situation and the power of fascist <br /> <br /> away from the idiocy of film analysis, takes a few sideliners and leaves others out claiming "so-and-so refused to be questioned." . "still questions that they would have to ask for doubt have already answered the inquiry of those people who have already received. What? you, as the Vice President, should be asked by the author / producer who has actually agreed to mislead your words. they could not make a Condi tape to really show his views and answer some of the questions, maybe they did not look at his hearing. <br /> <br /> This is far from the neutral view of the situation below. this is another faction, a technique of journalism and journalists - which in general, has not thought the cow. Anyone wishing to comment on the war should have a basis for their ideas on the most reliable things than NBC vaccine and CNN comments. These interpretations contain the same vitriol that creates more bipartisanism than those who want to consider and those who want to be told by what journalists think.
