I first heard Unisol 2 when I was dismissing the movie when I was on holiday in America. I certainly did not have so much information until I bought a DVD version that made me know about its three sequels. I started reading on The Return on IMDB and asked friends thought. Despite their gruesome complaints, I was still on the way to see it and I was on the brink of buying until I saw it on a DVD. I did not have too many expectations but I think it should be half of the respect to get a show in the United States, after all, how often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Yes, nothing can prepare for this. It's very bad around I cried. What a waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It's hard to explain how this argument is wrong. True. This is made of idiotic film. No, it's more than idiotic. I just can't believe how this has been done. I can't believe that someone out there didn't kill Mic Rogers. How foolish people can be - first, Van Damme really think the film and finishing the film was good. Second, the fact that Xander Berkley, the Terminator 2 and Air Force One condition, joined this film. I can only believe the folly of this film. It takes itself to weight but it comes to viewers as spoof. Here is an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc is now a human again) - "I want my father", SETH- "So I am". Oh, and someone else tries to install SETH to merge three big levers and wait - ON and OFF written on them. All work round is like school work. I am sure Mr Director showed the lover of Luc's author in April O'Neil from young teen's boyfriends - she refuses to go because she 'needs her story'. I mean coming - how many pictures can use the film possible? Please listen to IMD users - this touch to barge pole. In conclusion, the Universal Soldier: The Return does not have any connection to the first movie. In fact, if they were not called UniSols then you will never know that it is good. Luc is now a human again - what is hell? The only place that can reach the internet is in the stripclub. All the new Uni Uni Universities look like they were dropped off the road, so they realize. This is a pure passion for watching, so make yourself a permit - do not do yourself. P.S - The best part of the film: Romeo jumps the building and struck 'Oh sh * t'.
