Ed Wood's fool "classic" The Exterior of the Dog's outdoor shows a angry stranger calling his colleagues, "... stupid! Fool, stupid stupid!" I would like to say A performances in the attempt maybe maybe this movie, a ridiculously silly sci-fi film. The star of star star Jean Claude Van Damme returns to the role of hit from the original movie, Luke, a former Universal soldier who is now working to make a real world soldier. When Van Damme was too much to get a chance in the first two sequels, he was too small to do a lot of anything else while the fourth film in the Universal Army series came. So, maybe he condemns under his breath the whole way, he hits and grunts and scowls for the ninety-minute explosions and karate kicks. You will get a lot of violence, but I would like to advise you to look at the coat for your brain at the door when you look at this. Otherwise, you are obliged to forget where you left it in time. Luke is called in action against more Universal soldiers after a really bad computer called Seth (makes HAL look like Ghandi) returns all the other soldiers in the world to the bad, worthless killers. This is undoubtedly these things are designed to do, but in this case they kill their creators, not "enemy" so the problem. <br /> <br /> I love the logic of this movie. Logic which believes that many computers will create a body that seems to be embarrassed like Michael Jai White should be in this film. Logic which mentions that the creator of Seth being geek-colored color blue geek whose spouts shows more frequent than Old Faithful does not have steam. The logic that has a martial arts fight deals with two actors whistling while the ten different sides of the glass crash in three minutes of screen time. The film also includes a daughter in risky behavior, Bill's wrestler Goldberg as a fighter hidden as a world soldier, with a centered love, I must think the authors thought about the issues of romance were actually the GOOD issue. And when this movie ends, it ends. It is not a minute after the explosion of modern finale is the driving force. No epilogue, no where now, no last kiss, just blast, hug, high. Even the creators want to be given this thing as soon as possible. Even though there is no Plan 9, the US: TR is a small passion for film action that can be fun in the line with Van Vanme fans who enjoy seeing their hero actually reach deep. It's not seen on the big stomach.
