We opened with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), Universal's former soldier and his Asian girlfriend being chased down by the river and what seemed to be a world soldier. They almost killed two, then oh wait, it was just a field test. Deveraux we have now is part of a government-funded company that creates a new level of Universal Army. Why would he want to participate in this (if you know anything about nature) is not explained and better than me. It is after this piece of frimsy that the real news goes. The United Nations Government has taken the Universal Soldier project budget and in the angry SETH process (the largest fake computer infection that governs the Universal Army). Usually he cannot be closed without fighting. So it means Van Damme is going around and taking every new type of Universal soldiers. Which looks like a fun idea for the film to take action and take a series, but that does not prevent being stupid as hell. For example, one of the New World Attackers is played by Bill Goldberg. It seems you can't go wrong wrestler casting in the movie's action. He is great, he is tough, right? Not right. Van Damme doesn't seem to have trouble wiping the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. The word here was lost on me. Then there is a glass break. Part of the rudiment of any action movie, but the person involved must have a glass of glass. You should see the scenes especially fight. Let's not talk about how anyone is reduced to himself or in very small pieces. Then put the cherry on the fall of this train, they have SETH (computer) safe human body and how appropriate when they are doing the black animal (Michael Jai White). There is no better work than a good white man who is fighting a black man. It is possible to only offensive and paralysis. He is not instead of Dolph, either. Universal 2 is a good sequence. It's loud, it's dumb and it doesn't matter. The content was not what is known, but made it a simple mental and elementary science fiction and elementary at the primary level. The pastor does not. They do so but keep the time you run under the nineteen minutes and somehow they have found a way to squeeze into the strip of the strip of the strip. So give credit where credit is due.
