Well I found this movie to get a bad score but for this movie is the best movie of Unisol now plot Luc Devereux is now a technical specialist who works with the government and his girlfriend Maggie, who has been in a lot of training and fight with him, to improve and complete the program. UniSol's efforts to produce the most powerful, skilled, and agile fighters. The new United States, which is faster and more powerful than their predecessors, is connected through a bold computer system called SETH, Self-Evolving Thought Helix. When SETH finds that the Universal Army Plan is scheduled to be closed because of budget cuts, he takes things in his own “hands” to protect himself. To kill those who are trying to erase his power, and cancel his squad-super, led by Romeo musclebound, SETH saves Deveraux, because because Deveraux has a secret code that is needed to prevent the built-in software that will shut down SETH down in terms of hours. With the help of a hacker called Squid, SETH takes a human form. Not only must she fight against Erin's author, who will not come out of his side, but Luc should also compete with Chief Radford, who wants to take a tough action to stop SETH. SETH has also kidnapped Luc was injured 13-year-old Hillary, and now has taken her captive. Luc is the only person who can save Hillary, because Luc knows himself how UniSol thinks, feels, and battles. now there are problems like any film if anyone got to wonder how the only journalist was there and the Army could take a flat and truck however Vanne Damme beat them with a gun and one shot and died and the last battlefield was not possible while Luc is a man and Seth is 5x stronger and faster than another Union and Luc can take a hit from him. and the final clashes when Luc dragged him to pieces I was surprised that the pieces did not come and fix him (Terminator 2). Another thing that breastfeeds is how Hell does Vanne Damme find good actors playing family I mean in Vanne Damme's case is completely off the grid of how Science Fiction this movie is. Score Music now that must have to mention you ever heard a song where you would like to cut a board with a good knife Universal Soldier 2 is like that. The good reason does not exist Dolph (HOORAY) and unlike 1 there is only one area of ​​naked but at first 1 there are many (I'm still haunted and events in # 1) also actors in this have talent at first cast people were older (if you don't believe I look)
