In its direction of the lesser Milanese hatred, this film is possible to reveal its day. However, I feel that world interests were never the De Sica fund's director, since then he decided to try to create a modern fable of a modern-day boy who was found on a cabbage and a former boyfriend. After spending his childhood more in orphanage, Toto lives in shantytown in Milan. He prepares the locals to be a community action, and prevents their souls from around with a smile on his face and tempting them on their time tables. That no one tells him where to hold his tables is more than me, because these people have the most important things to think of, as the second fabric of Pot will happen. However, De Sica uses this great craft device to show why these poor sods are. It is under humanity, of course, and to show this example, the poor finds the fountain of oil in their country. Brilliant! However, on his loan, at this time he has refused to make a great film, and the great citizens seem like a severe caricatures, all the clothes of fur and cigarettes. They want the land, but our mathematical hero cannot support these feelings. With an incredible stroke of luck, the old man, the old man who died from the day of the cabbage rope appears in heaven and gave him a magic pigeon. He uses a gift shower to his partners, who show as greedy people like cigarettes. I see this film was a lost opportunity. To address the topic of poverty, if not many did the film they did until then, and then taken into the story of the story, it seems to me a little daft. How do the 'chief' directors come away from a plot like a child turns like those we have seen here? Hans Christian Anderson would undoubtedly have the idea of ​​having poor people leaving on the Milan Duomo and going to the top place on broomsticks. Deica, however, is announced as a professional for this. Surely the fact that these people are very poor, that their faith is not good, and that miracles have never happened to them, is sufficient for a lot of any stories to work. <br /> <br />
