The motive of the mind refers to the Universal Army that is worthy of success. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, can not take his role from nature, there is already a ready to indulge in this clear writing tax. Bold's attempts are made to fill the gap with Bill Goldberg specialist wrestler and military specialist Michael Jai White. On their loan, provides a series of their actions a good feeling of excitement. Bill Goldberg looks like he has his life on this film, and he makes a mistake for filling the mandatory role of comedic villain. At the same time, his role is a type that involves repeating the line a few times, and is not available. The problem from the view of the audience is that even one of these gentlemen do not have a sense of comic or limited humility that makes Lundgren happy as looking at all his films. And in it there is trouble. You may go to see Van Damme's film because you want a great step. You are going because you want a comedy, however without a commitment. <br /> <br /> Unbeknownst many people, Universal Army followed by two sequels directly to video. I just saw the first, which had a very poor production code can only ask if it meant to be some kind of good joke. Matt Battaglia was very scared in the role of Luc Deveraux to be at once in his career, seeing Jean-Claude Van Damme come as a welcome aid. More movies or less disregard the sequels described directly to the video, and instead begins a whole new story to keep an endless time after the previous events. After years of observation and clarity, the Unisol project is still underway, with minor modifications. For one, new Unisols are stronger and more resistant than their original cousins. For another, all of the Unisols are now under the direction of many computers called SETH. In the early part of the film, SETH is mainly like a series of abstract pictures inside the glass dome. Since the film is more than thirty minutes, we are told quickly that the money for the army is cut off. Unisol project is on prevention, which basically means that SETH will be removed. SETH, in some way to hear these conversations through channels that are not fully explained, decides to mobilize the Union as an army against those who want to bind him. The only problem is that frequently, the code needs to be incorporated into its system to prevent direct control. Two people have code for question. SETH kills first for a short time, and those who know the unit kit that Van Damme's films have been built out will will think within five seconds which the second happens. Some of the films around the Unisols test get the code from Van Damme without harming him. Subplot and the daughter and author are given on the film, but it adds information like Van Damme does with the profession. The video is locked with a bunch of ignorant lines and clichés. When SETH blows its command module into the body of Michael Jai White, we get a talk about how the time of humanity is over. He continues to tell his foot soldiers how fear and death were human weakness. Gee, SETH, do you mean they won't be our power points? They all lose aside, the short length of the film is the weakness of the film and its strength. It takes action without setting up enough. In the beginning, we are given a very good description of the Unisols, how they work, and how they bring into a situation that appears in many films. Here, the author appears to take it easily that the viewer knows what Unisol and how they work. At least in the original, the time of curiosity and wonder was created by leaving the details later in the film when the hero sat on the ice bath. Here, one of the criminals is shot by a gun that leaves big holes in his uniform (and perhaps his body), waking up every time without stopping breath. <br /> <br /> I keep one color for films that are so bad that they are enjoying an unusual way. If you can see it at an affordable price, get out. This is a kind of film that makes me redeem the Theater Theater Theater.
