When I was 16 years old I saw a document: "The Will of Something Happened to the Moon". I loved, and believed for a few years. But then I grew up, and started thinking, and when I was looking for more information. This is: more information from reel sources, and unselfish sources. When I started university, not long ago, I asked a teacher-assistant in astronomy about these conspiracy theories. What he said was shocked: He said that all those ideas where lies. It testified to me, I did not believe at first, but then testified to his claim. He began to erase many topics on the subject: "The human being had no moon". The alleged fraud was that the Apollo craft was not able to travel through the Van-Allen radiation zone, without the lost workers due to radiation. The fact is that Americans use the aluminum-anti-radiation-alloy aluminum. Not very popular. And the exact details are hidden. And why is it confidential: Why should they reveal it at that time? Where in the race with the Russians, then it would be very dumb to show that they had new technologies that could protect workers against radiation. And then there is the greatest evidence of all: Moon Reefs. When Apollo's message went to the moon, they returned many rocks from the moon, giving scientists and scientists the same, who write all things about the moon. These stones and stones are IN THE GOD. Because: the core elements of the interior, all of which include, are included with special isotope, which are different from city to city, land to land, and planets especially from planet. Isotopes of these stones and stones have been shown, that does not come from the earth. Researchers were brought home with stone meals, all of them seem to have come out of the country, and from the same planet. Ergo: Run for a month where it is not fake. NASA went to another planet: the moon, though not the planet, but satellite on the planet, the moon (duuh). These rocks are divided by laboratories and universities around the world. It has been shown: People went on the moon - it is true, pronto. But I don't care: most of the plot-artists are generally unemployed and uneducated, that's why they don't know or lie about this fact. The fact remains: People went on the moon.
