The last film of Johnny Weissmuller as 'King of the Jungle', after 16 years in that role, TARZAN AND MERMAIDS, must be all disappointed but his most powerful fans. At 44, the former Olympian, one of the most powerful Hollywood animals, was a few years old boy, and appeared to be tired (though he was in a better condition than in his previous entry, TARZAN). AND HUNTRESS) Not only had a farmer who was too old for his role; Johnny Sheffield, 'Boy', who was an adult, was grown (was 17 years old), so he was written out of the script, because of being 'off school'. Brenda Joyce, a 35-year-old, was seen in her fourth-fifth film as 'Jane' (she could give a change when Lex Barker was a new Tarzan, in 1949 of TARZAN'S MAGIC FOUNTAIN) and was still as sexy as it was. > <br /> Released by Sol Lesser, on RKO, on the low budget, staff and employees used the advantage of affordable work by photography in Mexico. When the area rose to Puerto Rico for what is known as dark Africa, former director Robert Florey used the country largely, interacting with the rocks and the Aztec temple in the story. When the little girl of the island (Tyrone's future Bride, Linda Christian) is rescued from the river jungle and Tarzan, she learns that the local high priest (George Zucco, one of the long-standing filmmakers The film) was almost a slave to the inhabitants of the area, threatening punishment from the 'God' alive they do not have his grace. The girl was chosen to be a 'God' lady, so she ran away. More quickly than you can say, "Is this a dumb or what is a conspiracy?", The girl has been robbed by the chief priests and returned to this island, and Tarzan, followed by Jane, the Spanish character of 'Benjaminy' very attractive (very interesting John Laurenz, who plays several tunes, and a government commissioner has taken over the Godhead and his priest (poor Cheeta is left behind). After a series of discoveries ('God' is the only man in the mask of Aztec, working with the priest in cutting the bark of the rich pearls of the island), the fight of the comic, and the comic freedom and the songs of Benjamin, everything is coming to the conclusion of the conclusion of happiness. It's amazing, TARZAN AND MERMAIDS has a brand mark and a famous filmmaker, Dimitri Tiomkin, and it's better than you'd expect from this 'B' film! <br /> <br /> When the film could give an end of an unuspicious moment during the Weissmuller in the Tarzan loop (he could go once to play Jungle Jim, the difference of Ape Man's skill, in khakis), the talent involved eliminating the whole for at least a little over a total aggression that could be. <br /> <br /> Tarzan was about to get on, and become very sexier ...
