This is the most likely of the lost 80 player you have ever realized, but how can you be rough on a film that has a non-stop photograph of many women with exciting bodies to do aerobic exercises, take ash and walk on a typical fashion dress ? Before being an awesome film, "Aerobicide" is a video video of 90 minutes to encourage the use of steroids, silicons and other stimulants. If you would like to leave all photos of the hunting boys lifting the weight and the girls of the circuit blowing their buttons and racks in 80 sounds, which may have just 15 minutes of story. Most of the cancellation of the plot on the killer of sadist kill young health-freaks with a great security pin (yeah ??). The movie opens with an unhealthy scene of a girl who has been frozen between a sun bath. A few years later people are dead in one spa. You do not need to be a skilled fan or rocket scientist to know that there is a link between murder and a burning incident, now you are doing? Investigating the case is a brave police officer (and Charles Napier look the same!) And a personal beefcake detective who gets lucky and more than 80 beauty I have ever seen! Looking through credit, his name is Dianne Copeland appears, and he did nothing else than this turkey and a non-dancing Troma called "Surf Nazis Must Die". What a lost space! He might not have a good actor, but he certainly had two other BIG benefits that would help him go to business business. The amount of the litter and the quality of the make-make effect is not specific, do not. We are treated with several wonderful stabbings and pin with some meat meat remaining. The plot layout close to the end is stupid and predictable, but at that time no one takes the film again, however. "Aerobicide" (a.k.a "Death Workout") is recommended if you want to change all your brain work for one night, but even if you look like a movie! In fact it would make the element a strong agent and "Spa of Death". Do these two films have a lot of beautiful and ordinary babies? and all the film is pretty dumb.
