On the way back from IMC6 (San Jose, California), all five (remember you, our third fans of Hardcore) we reached a unanimous decision; VV was a robust robbery and thanks to the movie we were going to have a well done Monday. Not to mention, we switched off the movie for next year. Kamal here is because he has left the impression in recent interview with Madan painter (on Vijay TV). He said something like, "Tamizh Cinema'la Photography, Editing'la number munnera'na with a Screenplay, Trends, Acting'la innum number munnera'la" (Tamil Cinema has grown in terms of Photography and Editing, but we have not improved, when it comes to Screenplay , Trends and Actors ") When you look at VV, these words are true. <br /> <br /> Now, here are 10 reasons to hate this film: <br /> Harris Jeyaraj 2. Harris Jeyaraj 3. Harris Jeyaraj I'm engaged very much use of the concept here, but the truth is HJ. The fine fine to wipe every recent movie of his (remember 'Anniyan', 'Ghajini') and the cacophony of the journal, he is bills like the previous music. when I have eardrum planting, she pays. <br /> Songs 4. There are no songs that cause spatially / temporally film motion and have not been able to stay with you. among them. <br /> < br> 5. Short time has gone too far. VV is best suited to a short story, not 2 hours with "exciting". To use the cliché here, like Bunny Energizer continues to continue; just in this case you do not want. The future part of the movie feels like a great drag. Kamal-Jothika connecting two cups of ice connected together could produce more spark than this leading pairing. There was no reason for you to make them together. In fact every time they meet in the second half of the movie, it makes a good temper for the details. Abhor to say this, but Kamali's Kamerinyee's 10 minutes does not have more than what Kamal and Jothika come to this film with 'Thenali'. Kamal Haasan Kamal has a strong impression that no one speaks either India or the United States; and not new. He has been doing it since 'Thoongadae Thambi Thoongadae'. It gets only on courage. Imagine what havoc can cause when its flair using this amazing accent meets shot in the US area. He does not stop in Immigration either, provides an advisory level for his men (concerns TN Cops from Keeranor, Sathoor and more) in the fullness of Kamanglish ("Wha we hav here is bad for police lovers"), of course with nausea. It is a few directors you expect to stand at a certain level. Gautam fails to us with some crappy performance in the Department of common sense. Which D.C.P in his mind would delight his interest in the streets to discuss things like doing yourself with life after! The location within the reminder was bad, towards the peak; we can hear people behind us with power for the challenge of IQ's Hero. "Is it stupid, can't use only Siren or its Lights?" (On a powerful Madras road, Jeep Kamal-cop-on-police singles a boy on a bicycle as any ordinary dude!). "Can't just use his gun?" ("The boy on the bicycle" begins with the legs and we have Kamal completed for a long period of time). I am not voting for the future, but I am trying to express feelings inside. If you want to look at women who are raped, their throats are decreasing, more women are raped and thrown into forests and strong legitimacy, I would like to stay at home and instead of looking at the "Police Report" or "Kuttram". . The use of a lot of violence should enter through the expansion of the story, not exceed! Somewhere under Gautum's line seems confused about what expansion (rape, murder) is and what stories (stories) are! Even twice the shot of Espresso could not get the pain out of the head.
