I saw "Paris Is T'Aime" because a certain friend wanted to see it so I went with him. Entering, I was worried about the film but as I left the theater I was very grateful to spend two hours of my life staying through this fruit production. "Stories" are almost completely forgotten except for the fact that many of them were bad. Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara relate to Paris? Suddenly the end of the American actors definitely gave this French film to feel non-French feel. Clichés about Paris did not end. Yes, many of them were playing with the clichés about Paris but using a lot of time playing French documents, they automatically and sadly encouraged them again. Yes, Paris is a city of love. We get it. The evil groups were: one led by Wes Craven (Oscar Wilde); by Nick Nolte; one mime (worse?); one hair products; one with Juliette Binoche (Willem Dafoe as a cowboy in the middle of Paris?); One vampire (When I think of Paris think of Elijah Wood). The one with Natalie Portman, which looks like Mentos's business and was stupid (a blind boy should know Portman was just playing when he called him). On and on. It felt endless. <br /> <br /> I did not like too Coen Bros one. In fact they play with these Parisien clichés but I didn't find it funny. Just interesting. The Van Van Sant one was interesting but it was a bit (and the punchline was obvious) that it is difficult to register. There were only two "successes" groups and they were one on the migrant nanny who left her child in kindergarten only to give birth to a rich woman. Good bad here. And part about Africa who is the backbone. It is the best place in the entire film but this part is not associated with Paris. This story would have happened in any city around the world. The last part, the one with the middle-aged woman was also attractive but the low voice was bad. They wanted to celebrate a little understanding of French but that part came as a stance. The entire project felt forced and unlocked. As soon as the French government sponsored this film to promote tourism. All for all, and just about 10 to 15 minutes of interesting things, "Paris Is T'Aime" was a very bad experience of movies.
