My wife and I just finished this film and I came to the IMDb to do it with the audience who found this film less satisfactory. However, of 10 pages of expertise, only a few are negative. I feel that this film is a great idea and I want to warn those who are looking to watch the film in the future. <br /> <br /> I agree, I am more inspired to write a review when I do not like the movie than I do, so my few comments are not there. However, that does not mean that I am not happy with the movies, but I often find the best views of the movies I enjoy. <br /> Paris je t'aime is the most independent movie 'you've seen in years. By using the concept of "mind" and connecting great talent in several ways with short stories, the movie approaches the whole world more. It is an art for art, but something that is 2 years old can grow and complete. Releasing the 5-minute director of the screen confirms why there is a division of work even in entertainment. Directors cannot write, writers cannot lead. (I would like to give us that Clint Eastwood has been overturned, but that is because he is the director of returning the actors {which doesn't work, either}. they did not end for 5 minutes and in total, kidnapped Paris. Why do you call Paris je t'aime when the title more apropos is a group f * ck? Coen brothers' brothers can be approved, but you can mention their movie without guitar? It is like all the directors decided to do whatever they want to do and choose Paris as a place to do so. and the fact that this movie of SUCKS. In fact, I think they place directors on each short term because the directors saw how poor this film is and decided to kill The last time they were blamed for just 5 minutes. Great. Normally. Natalie Portman is not a good actor. She is not a girl of dreams of a dream that awaits your being. With Maggie Gyllenhaal, why? What? Are you people doing or just performing shows from other movies? I look at you Natalie Portman (Status Garden, Welcome), Elijah Wood (Sin City) and Catalina Sandino Moreno (Maria Neema). The last comment on acting: I give twice to Nick Nolte for acting and watching more calm than you are in the age or maybe you will never go back again. Get a short time on youtube if 5 minutes is quite enjoyable. Write a short story is very difficult and few authors have found the right. I think Ernst Hemingway, Raymond Carver, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and John Cheever, just by name. It is much harder than writing a complete novel and only truly talented people can accomplish this. That may say about a short film. It seems that only one director will live in history history. If you hold Paris as a gem found and seen through your own lenses and your own story, then do not expect to enjoy this film completely. The directors did not care or were lazy. In any case, when you read this means leasing. The attribute is that you did not pay $ 10 for a head for the movie.
