On the face, this film will appear to deal with the psychological process called individual, how to be a true person by accepting the so-called 'dark' side of human nature. So, we have a darkling, a classic shade shadow finding company (ie, recognition) of men, and a spinning story of various ways that this need is addressed, more or less successful. However, if we ask for more, we see that this film is actually what you should include with your car if you would like to anyone else: - in the opening area, the main character (male car machine dropped from grace) gathers pieces and pieces of car damage with his daughter, while the car is lost almost beating a little girl. Lesson # 1: Cars are people with an immortal soul, and stealing from the violence of the car is the same as a great deal. The wicked have tormented the dead and should be punished. - After that, another character (Rubin) buys a car accident that is expected to repair and sell it as a once-lost and known car run by a trader. Lesson # 2: Like anyone else, the car has a unique identity that cannot change or replace. In addition, there is a twist that Rubin really sees the secret quality in what most people would just think of as a junk, but ultimately the same quality is to be a self estimate of Greed for more profits. Lesson # 3: Don't make your car the only way, but always as your end. - then we have an area in which the main character is brought to Rubin and, most importantly, the Rubin car: Evaluation of the behavior of the vehicle is not just based on its external appearance, but also by looking into the inside of the engine room. Lesson # 4: The car is not just judged by its looks, what is inside which is actually wrong. There is a penalty in the shop for those who do not have this lesson in mind, as we see in the area where someone else tries to sell Rubin's fake car. This situation also emphasizes the importance of lesson # 3. it's fun to see if you have nothing else to do - or, if you're a dedicated car.
