Poor Ingrid suffered and suffered as soon as he went to Italy, tired of the popular treatment of Hollywood. The first was faced with the persecution of the volcano island in STROMBOLI, the failure of arty which would kill the work of an underground resilient actress. And now it's EUROPA 51, another stimulating exercise in soggy feelings. The story also doesn't have much to Alexander KNOX, in another non-thanking role as her patient husband who tries to comfort her after the death of their little child. At least this has the best production standards and script more balanced than STROMBOLI. Bergman is still fascinating here, but he is moving towards more visually as a community member. He can never cope with the sudden loss of his son, despite the trials of a kind male friend. "Sometimes I think I'm going out of my mind," she tells her husband. Good words in the film that do not really have a sense of humor or grace, but it gives us a sense of where the story goes. Bergman has recently been encouraged to help the poor in Rome after the war, but being a social worker and poor children does not improve his emotional health and from their plot takes the place to be bad. The overall effect of the film is that it is not enough to make it a project for a great star like Bergman. The film is losing momentum in the story as Bergman becomes more and more and her husband accuses her of writing. The story decreases from there after leading the road traveler through his last disease. The last string of the plot has a husband who needs to put him in an inquiry into the intellectual property. Ingrid is injured all the way (on the loss of his baby's loss) but it is not used. It's not one of its best flicks, put it gently. Remember the desire: If you wanted the neo-mental effectiveness of the mind, it might be better to accept leadership in SNAKE PIT when it was given to the director Anatole Litvak !! It would have worked more than the work of EUROPA 51. <br /> <br /> Combining: Rossellini apathy and another Bergman.
