The movie is very weak, especially because of the bad story, but also a bad job in the case of Robert Downey Jr., with unusual behavior with many characters. If you are a person who likes to change your mind and just watch a movie for creativity or behaviors, then you can love this film. Of course I can't do that for the ceremony and I've got this far too far. It is especially difficult when the main character, which is supposed to be an intelligent person, continues to act as a perfect imbecile. In this film, if the main character made a way in which a person can do normal in these situations, there will be no film. The first impossible step is when the main character, the successful prosecutor named Magruder, played by Kenneth Branagh, leaves the party and takes place with the girl, Mallory Doss played by Embeth Davidtz, who says his car has been stolen. They are standing near a tropical storm as they tell him to accept a home trip. He tells her about her hard father who is of some kind of religious organization and does things. When they come to the shade that has been destroyed in the poor part of the city, they find that its car is on the road. The house lights also continue and other items in the house are broken down. Things are so wonderful, he is a weird (who looks like a tramp, he isolates himself until he has completely opened? yes!). Also, the wonder of the father, the house is falling - everything that should tell Magruder, "hey this is also an old man for me, I'm here!" But it's not Magruder, he sleeps with her and then, being promoted by her story and sex, it takes a trial to try to have her father. Then, being over-assisted that he is, comes at the end of the office wearing the same shirt that he had last night, (the fact that all the women in the statement of office) Do you? It is possible that a successful lawyer would act as a 16-year-old Magruder has accused the police in some of his events and when he goes to the police demanding, with sufficient evidence, that the father destroys them, the police will not refuse. at all times - not likely! It is not possible too.
