** SPOILERS *** Decrease as a movie mummy movie involving this transfer in the Valley of Kings in Egypt which should be abolished in order to facilitate the number of natural persons, who at the same time rebel against the British regime, from knowing about it because of the entry into this ancient archaeological technique by his British Capt storm chief, Mark Dana, along with several British soldiers and Ms Sylvia Quentin, Diane Brewster, wife's head Man Robert Robert Quentin, George N. Neise, are doing the way them in the mummy of the opening of the mummy. On the way there Capt Storm Sylvia and her men run in this Simira, like Princess Simira, Ziva Rodann. Stand up seems to be more powerful than his ability to cope with the problems of the desert life, t drinking water or fatigue, but also knows what Capt Storm & Co is looking and warns him and his group to stay away away from digging, Rua's Pharaoh Ha Ha Tet, possible. <br /> <1 In Ha Ra Tet Robert's funeral room and his archeologist and his Egyptian brother, Simar Numar, Alvaro Guillot, has already opened his grave before Capt Storm can get there to stop them. Quentin broke the body of Ra Ha Tet for Dr Farrady, Guy Prescott, and his fake. This step by part of Robert and Dr Farrady has a faint Numar dead in his tracks. Then it seems that Numar had somehow the spirit of Ra Ha Tet or a spirit who took his body and made him an age, 500 years per hour, to be a mummy of 3,000 years. The movie has Numar wearing what looks like a pair of pajamas playing around Ra Ha Tet and its surroundings attack and absorb blood to live, like a vampire, of any person or animal that comes in contact. This adventure of absorbing the blood by Numar, with him later losing his right hand, goes for a while to trouble Quentin trying to get to the door, you actually thought that he had already found, for Ra Ra Tet himself was killed by a local slide the rock. We learn at the end of the film that Numar, for the surprise of a man, in fact Ra Ha Tet is born again in another, 3,000 years later, man or life. Numar's sister Simira is a wonderful and sexy sister not just Ra Ra Tet, for she and Numar are true with one person, but also the King of Egypt Katoto Babesti! Also not difficult to know. <br /> <br /> With Numar / Ra Ha Tet back into his grave and all the deaths, because of the curse of Pharaoh, now the end of Capt Storm Sylvia and nothing left of his people and the archaeological trips of the late Robert Quentin went on their way to Cairo and modern, this in 1902, civilization. The Pharaohs Ra Ha Tet Laana keep what they have seen, and opened, to themselves because no one will believe them yet.
