I start thinking that there is a conspiracy, the same: one that involves money for the money given to those who have a printable print in newspapers and films and print art to make sure that this or the film, despite its attention, will like to achieve a high level through The ratings that will introduce to the "world-wide reputation" or something within the scope, thus ensuring people who have no views (like me) will walk on the movie or rent something of blood, waiting for surprise, just find yourself running on the bathroom to upchuck. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It really makes me pass on any article and registered I get because it is clear that two things might have happened: or I have not received a message hidden under the inside of this film that it is impossible to achieve, or I and I watched two different movies that occur by sharing a name okay. 4 is a dirty trick for the audience. It is not surprising that it seemed to disappear faster than you can say "smorsgabord" and that despite the rating has reached Metacritic, no one has heard it. It's awesome and high sugar. First, there is a fourth number from the beginning to the end. When you have a small sign here and there is a similar, and done with different degrees of success in many popular movies, this film is dedicated. Four dogs at the beginning of the movie, looking at the camera on an early non-sudden road when suddenly, the machine slows down and comes to open asphalt. Four people in the bar, though one of them is not. Three of them go their different ways but are united yet, not just for each other but for their lives. Although this concept may work, the film is very much - especially with the example of the story taken by Marina Vovchenko which goes into a very strange place, and not in a good way - that the original theme gets lost in translating. Or maybe, as I said earlier, I just "didn't get it." The problem is also in the long term used in the story of Marina (which refers to the death of her sister, from chewing bread, not down, and after right, which follows) that any interest in natural surgery loses without explanation. So what if the horrible stories that the three aliens beat in the bar seem to have the truth of themselves? The director does not have a lot of time to integrate in real together, or write a powerful story that can, through David Lynchian, collaborates with the old-now, or with other tests, or even as direct, common science - a false story . This is a war on the top of the unqualified wall which is only a holy (or someone in position for weird) can endure.
