I saw the film on the Belgrade film last week, and I am still doing it. In fact my view appears to be similar to the other people - the first half hour was clean, bright, deep, entertaining and promising. He did well too. Natural. My problem, however, is not only with the fact that the last hour and half of the film do not have any connection with the start of a pleasant, nor the fact that I spent most of this time talking in bitterness to the bright, grating sound of industry and mixing in the drink, uncomfortable, pork chewing bread. Instead of the fact that YOU DON'T HAVE! The festive ceremony described only (the most exciting voice) the first half of the hour - adultery, piano tuner and veterinarian talking on the bar, pretending to be an advertising agent, genetic engineer, and a government official, for efficiency - make no mention of the gum-smacking end of coming. He uses me to read the review accurately, but you can say - but with my defense, the number of technologies that I saw after true loyalty never really emphasized the size and uncertainty of a large part of the film. <Br> The first word should be the preliminary words with the director (a young Russian gunman), who entered the pre-planned speech (the film seems to be very good, and tickets were purchased well before the investigation, although most of the viewers appeared that they do not know if I had the pain of coming, to be judged by the abundance of wonder and sadness that is completely locked in the theater during the last half, and many views have been excluded from the outside) to say the following: 'Well, I ... um, thank you very much for coming to see this film, and I wanted to say ... well, it's a very long film ... it took me four years to do it, and ... it's .. I recommend that you see and immediately try to forget about that. It's too long. Thank you for coming. 'That's what he said. Alarm alarms should have been crying. 'What is he talking about?' I thought in frustration with joy. 'This will be fun!' Of course, when his strange views of apologizing began to make me sense, it was too late to enter. All I could do is write in the agony until the lights come again. And last I can't say I feel in any way improved by experience. Yes, I liked the first half. It was intelligent, new, and had a lot to say. And yes, Russia is a bad situation. Yes, every community has many hidden faces. Yes, meaningless life in non-existent wastelands and probably very difficult. Yes it is. I get all this. I really do. But I do not see the worldly reasons for skill and meaning should be highly motivated, and so hurt to bear. If you want to see the film landscape somewhere among many plastic glitzy stuffs and hours of swodging of mud, try Korean-Chinese Bin Jip (3-Iron). It is an art and amazing, but also for-to-point and point.
