SHEMA IN SHEMA is one of those movies with a story behind which is more interesting than the movie itself. This was the comedy of ten comedy for Keystone during his academic year, and his first two reeler. Here he played one of his last external duties (although the length of TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE was still coming), and also the final score would work for the director except himself. In fact, Chaplin's conflicts with director and co-star Mabel Normand almost drove from the studio. Chaplin did not get along with its original directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to the personal text of taking direction from the "girl" only is the last straw. Charlie and Mabel competed heavily during this film. Chaplin was still a stranger in Keystone and his colleagues did not know what to do with him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was near the run to Chaplin when he learned that the filming of the guests was playing and the most wanted performances ASAP, so Chaplin promised a chance to lead himself to return to this film by the way Mabel wanted. br>> <br /> Unfortunately, there is no ceremony that appears on the screen in the IN THE WALI, which looks like Keystone chaos. This story is about the race of cars that Mabel's beau (Harry McCoy) is scheduled to fight, but Charlie and the other guys catch a boy, and Mabel must give a wheel to his place. For all the racing around, brick-blowing and finger-copying film is quite clear on the laugh, but there are a few points of interest. There are good performances and editing in a series of competitions, although they do not have any real gags, just many activities of anger. Chaplin himself looks odd, playing a goat on his chin and wearing a high hat and coat coat in his first appearance for the film, creating life, but wearing an old suit that shows everywhere. At least it's a novel look to play the role of uncharacteristic like that. It seems in the stand on the race track is as much as Stalwarts of Keystone as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in getting extraordinary deficit, and the most characteristic of Mack Sennett, hitting tobacco cigarettes and making its normal size rube. Like the actors, Sennett was on a trick like the movies he produced, but you should give the boy a loan: he knew what people liked. These films were very popular in their day. The performance of Mack did not add much to the AT AT THE WHEEL, but perhaps he had to be present for photography of this to make sure his stars did not kill each other.
