After losing a lot of views on this film it is clear that there are two types of science fiction science. There are those who have read well, learn more, and have intelligence. They know the kind of history and most importantly they know what can reach the hands of a gifted author. For many years the science of science was lost in the literature floor. It is considered that my critic was younger than the rifles of the thunderstorms and visitors meant youth before pubescent. Today a well-reader well knows this history, and knows the chief writers Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury, and Ellison, who helped bring science fiction from that floor. In doing so they developed a stimulating, creative story that set boundaries and adjusted humanity. These well-known fans are important for anything of Hollywood to pop up. They are important because of himself, but look at every sacrifice for the eye of doubt. (If they should be a Hollywood record has become less stellar.) For these fans stories should take great importance. It cannot be deceived by flashy computer graphics, and a series of non-stop actions. When the king has no clothes they shout loudly. The second type of false fiction science fiction has little knowledge about the kind of written form. (See more comments above that says "Well I have not read a book or anything with this author ...) From them by the writing of science is from the film or Scifi center. The big holes of plot, weak buildings, and narrow lines of stories if you are given a health test of the wiz bang with special effects of surprises. They, in fact, want to turn off their thinking skills (or maybe they didn't have them!) for the time of the movie.Be careful, I Robot. of Asmov short and known after his one novel, has a bit of what Asimov wrote and even a bit of what he tried to tell us about humanity and robotic creativity (Those of you who will go and buy me, Robot will be very surprised this-this movie is not even based on that story. completely!! <br /> <br /> The film has huge holes holes, that in some points are mentioned on the boundaries of honesty. I can not tell you ont spoon feed you. ri and identify yourself. The characters, who are called after the majority of Asimov's characters, have no significant detention that was a symbol of his story. Praise itself and the sequence of all steps contradicts everything that the author stood up. His belief that man has the ability to solve problems through their minds, not their fists, is important to understand his future vision. In short, except the name, they are very little to Isaac in anything about this movie. There are always those who have no meaning (ie, unthinking) who will say: "The movie should not be like a book. For medium reason, movies sometimes require changes to be made." But what about the case where the movie has not even tried to sit next to the book (or books) from the beginning? What if all who used the written work was a name? This asks the question: Why do you pull a large body of work by blowing your head to your piece of string? Save money and do not give work rights. The head is something else. Do not use character names. Believe me no one will accuse you. It really doesn't care what you call the movie moviegoer who accepts everything you give. But it will upset those who read, who think, who just don't want to give you a good light show. I, Robot, as many of the Hollywood takes that kind, pushes the science fiction into the same floor lived many years ago. Hollywood could not do it alone. It takes a non-meaning audience who will accept a dredge of puerile like this.
