After using the web surfing, I saw the "front" of the series on the DVD on ioffer.com. Before anyone gets excited, the DVD that I received was thrown by an amateur from home video clips that have been stored on their TV 15 years ago. Resolution and quality are poor. The picture looks like you'd like to watch a recording video again. Although the ads were turned out, the last credit of each part still has voice announcements on the segway on the ABC "Nightline" newsletter, completed with top news headlines from the early 1990s. , the exhibitions could look and the sound quality was good. <br /> <br /> In this show, the repair was almost entirely. Everyone was convinced and actually looked at that part. Their work was also on average. The role of Jeff Metcalf is very well played by Kyle Chandler (recently seen in 2005 King's Remake). Long-sleeved clothing was as accurate as it was, especially in 1940 kitchens and harvesting equipment and decoration. The trend was also creative and different for TV show at the time. For example, interactions between characters were sometimes cut off by talks about one of the other characters in different cases. The dialogue of the different talks kept water in spite of the back and fourth cut between the characters and different areas. It takes a good direction and editing and works in this case. When I started watching this series again I remembered why I lost interest in it 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients of a good show, the plots and lines of the story are desperate and combine right from the beginning. For one thing, the name of the show itself is completely lost. When WWII ended in 1945, there were no more clashes there was no "front" ahead. Amazingly, the first part of the show "Homefront" begins in 1945 after the war ended. That is like the first part of the "Island of Gilligan" which shows the saved castaways. The entire column of show names is completely destroyed. I still had the hope and the possibility of all the series to be flashback but no, the whole show comes from 1946 to 1948. Additionally, this series fails with any attempt to accurately describe any historical events in the late 1940s. For the third period, it becomes clear that this series was nothing more than a car with a left political development. The show is set in River Run Ohio, near Toledo. However, the ongoing theme of racism is seen more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. Part of the joint is Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr. who show the Davis family. Much of the series shows the family of Davis chosen by the evil "white" to the point of being ignorant and worried if they are not delicious. The color card of racism has been played by more to play with Hollywood now for more than 40 years. We have also been tired of having our natives thrown in every day. The subject of apartheid also does not like the audience and it is a kiss of death for any show, as it was for "at the beginning". Acting talented Williams, Winston and Macer lost their roles as a "black / black angry" family. The discrimination of world discrimination in this series makes it as if everyone in Ohio was a member of the KKK or something. The issue of racism can be dealt with in this show in one place with a simple punch in the nose or a fight with a fist where bigot gets well deserved to be beaten, and will leave at that. Providing a large part of the series for racism is a very old age and only ignorant. In another line of ignorance, the master of the domestic factory (Ken Jenkins) has been shown as Ebenezer Scrooge as a character who is against pension and raises and is not worried about acid spraying his staff. Rebel employees have taken a factory in a message of propaganda clear of pro-communist to the viewer. Personally, I think this series had great potential. Can the authors be easily placed on the team's team in 1941? 1945 as the head suggests and shows the problems of food and gas testing and working 14 days at the war zone. In fact losing to brothers, sons and men fighting abroad would also be added to the game. The situation was also perfect for recording special visitors such as military or USO workers passing through their town during training or en-route to Europe or the Pacific. The possibility of good stories of the story and the last stadiums. But no, the Homefront authors (David Assael and James Grissom) ignored any important or interesting topic. Instead, they missed the point and lost it in a mysterious and insignificant manner with citizens and politics left. It was not fair for executives to judge the entire series but the plots and conditions that are set are general waste.
