A good example of how Hollywood can (and still can) take a false masterpiece of literature and make it to evil. <br /> <br /> In the case of "Great Heavens," author Dudley Nichols and a prestigious company thought it could improve the novels of regular pioneering with a Pulitzer Award, AB Guthrie. To do this, they took away the soul of the story with the edge and any effects that could have an effective film. The Epic version of Guthrie's book and the evolution of its main character, Boone Caudill, from a boy of ignorance, Kentucky to a tough and capable man / mountain, has been changed by a low-down horse that resembles and the intent of the author. In the film version, the presence of Boone is not something that happens. The amazing and even amazing things that give effect to Guthrie and excitement have been removed because there is no clear. The most interesting of all is the emphasis on the character of Zeb Calloway, who was the main character, in the book, doing only the pages. On the other hand, an important and interesting character, Dick Summers, the founders of the past, does not exist quite !!! It is also obvious that the Hawks director decided the character of Zeb in the movie, played by Hunnicutt actor, was not angry enough. So Zeb / Hunnicutt was given a lot of time to make these sad, high-pitched voices that are cut short of Hollywood by typing inappropriate screens, edits, and patterns. Some movies are changing well on books that were based (William Wyler "Ben-Hur" is a good example). But this is horrible and sad not just like a novel change but like the film itself. <br /> <br /> Stories are lighter and clichéd, and characters - at least those who have never edited the script - are slightly shadows and the best of the Guthrie literature vision. Unfortunately, the referral of Kirk Douglas's star, which could be helped to lift this film, was taken by the role of milk given. If you can believe, the Guthrie's Pulitzer award winning version On the other hand, "Western Way," also looking at Kirk, is increasingly more. In my opinion, "House Lingi" reinforces the Haward as one of the most trustworthy directors in the history of the movie.
