Yes, Kazaam is one of the worst movies that almost remind one of everything that is not just like children's movies, but for humanity. Here we have a shaq as a genie- rapping- yes, RAPPING genie- where she does everything to make the bad puns of dressing ridiculous clothes, all end up in her as pose as Christ with a lot of light around him. So, look, you expect a bit of real cheesy, including the first wish to have a lot of junk food fall from heaven (and, sadly, not hit two main characters, especially a child). What can not be expected is that the film with the child and Shaquille O'Neill will be so very much. The main film of this film involves this child, played in a worldly and arrogant fashion and grandson of Frank Capra (where the child cries out his anger), who comes on a genie who is bound in a boom box. Then "ignorance continues" as a child makes Shaq-genie his closest servant while waiting for his final wishes as he tries to fix it with his father-shaped father. really sappy, the story of a son and a father may be bad, since there are some lines that have been spoken in other million movies (ie "two positions in life" speech from father to child). But it's Shaquille O'Neill who is the reason for watching the movie (surprisingly), and the crux of a clear sink of all. His plot line involves him, while not getting treatment talks from Capra, for rap inside the conversation and also starting his recording work. On top of that, it also drives the ass and takes the names and evil people who want him back into the boom box. So there is a reason for camping for a movie? Up to the point, but this has fallen even to all the events of the mushy and during the "heart-felt" that does not have business and all the materials. One can ask if the film actors, who were clear to do so by voting for a BASKETBALL player who wanted to go to Michael Jordan's bandwagon, if it was anywhere near entertainment or lobby. I would like to hope that they also knew they were paid. But I would like more hope that they felt at least after the bad words of feeding the Shaq machine. So, if you want to have a happy night of Shaq as the author-turned-author-turned-wisecracker, more fun to you. Hell, it may even be surprising to have a Shaq movie night with this and another great effort to appreciate Steel. But if you expect to put a few brain cells, you stop off with what is more likely to be Flick's 1996, and a candidate among many more than 90 years.
