Through KAZAAM and saying it is the worst movies are not quite complicated - after all, the critics when they came out appeared themselves to stimulate the film - saying it was among the worst films of ten years! So the fact that I say is bad or anyone else says it's bad it is certainly no surprise. It's like someone who speaks of WWII - usually no one says that it was a GOOD thing, right? The question I have and no place on the IMD can answer is "why did this first?". After all, it is clear to anyone who is not very brain injured that the film will be bad. But, movies like ED (baseball play chimp), COOL AS ICE (derived from ordinary ice Vanilla), TROLL 2 (which does not even trolls into it), BABY GENIUSES (Einstain-like superhero makeup) and PINOCCHIO IN SURVIVE ( huh?!!) To prove that any idea, no matter how dumb, can make a big screen! Therefore, the idea of ​​the best basketball player of the stars as a genius for a little invisible brat seems to be 'normal'! <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a child who is jerky pretty keying lockers in the school hallway. As a punk from the news, this child is a 'misunderstanding' somehow (in other words, a total brat) and you know that no matter how selfish and frightening he is, at the end of the film he will have learned something to grow. Just once, I want to see a punk kid like this end up in prison or die to the end of the film! Finally, when the neighboring violence was in the middle of the harassment, Kazaam of the genus (Shaquille O'Neal) was given voluntarily and insisted on offering a third brat. But, the child does not believe AND witchcraft seems to be a bad tust. Finally the brat knows that Kazaam is true. However, unlike most children, she is obliged to do her will, for now, Kazaam has to follow almost everywhere - as her own servant. And, according to the picture, you know that at the end of the film, Max and Kazaam will be friends of all life and a group of tears to drink. Oh, and Max will come up with his father and mother partner who we are not (I'm gonna gag). It seems this genie is a bit of a social worker with being a granter of wishes. Kazaam, Shaquille speaks loudly through many films and even takes the speed of rap ... it's very bad. I am an old man of white and I think I can perhaps rap at least too! She is a wonderful basketball player and I have heard she is a good boy - but the author ... no way! According to her acting, she was not good but she had a very good attitude in the film that is difficult to hate - even if they made her do so much stupid. <br /> <br /> So the movie is so bad if you've heard it? through the first two-thirds of the movie, I would say no. Shaquille appeared to try her efforts for a child who could not be seen by a bad script. However, later in the film, the worst becomes worse - as Kazaam seems to be very worried to help the child when it is very needed. And, anywhere, the plot gets true, it's very strange - if someone who wants to do Kazaam star rap (?!?!) Seems to be a bad scam! And, usually, this man seems to admit that Kazaam is a genie without hesitation! In addition, the last part of the film has people trying to kill Max and his father. I know that the child was bitter, but this should be a children's film! What part of 'trying to kill a child' did not have authors understand? Then, in the end that makes this perhaps the worst child film end up in history, Kazaam becomes a god or something and it was all like hallucination of drugs! This was a dumber and more powerful than one in BLACK HOLE ... and a boy, did it make my brain hurt !! Uggghh - bad talk was very much loaded !!! Overall, it's a horrible film that is because of the writers who were honest. Yes, people, with an unrelated, mysterious and non-kid message with horrible characters, this is one lost film. Unfortunately, from the idea and actors, it's hard to imagine the end product is getting worse! <br /> Ways, if you want to see Genie in a contemporary world film that is good, try the British made a film "Bernard and Genie" - a lively and unique film written from the beginning to the end.
