This 1996 film was the first change of Jane Eyre which I ever watch and when I did it I was worried about it. With a large amount of novels had been left out and I considered William Hurt to be erased as Rochester. Since then I have looked at some of the most popular novels, short-range versions of '44, '70 and '97 and a third '73 ', '83 and 2006 series, and I have seen that there are a lot more and worse Rochesters. <br /> <br /> This is undoubtedly a very good Jane Eyre offset and the movie is worried. Franco Zerifferelli's director emerges in beautiful beautiful shots of snow falling from the cold atmosphere, the lonely Rochester standing on the rock, and the Jane look out the window - but she's a little good in telling stories and bringing characters to life. Additionally, its script cuts only the surface of the novel to stop many important scenes. So the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and sadly does not include the exciting side of their sex. There is a short conversation between Rochester and Jane, each of which has been done with the beauty, but a few of the sentences they change are not enough to show the interested audience. We know that they have to fall in love, but we can't see it really happen. The area where Rochester wants to know Jane's answers to her problem by placing her case in front of her after the injured Mason has left the house completely absent, and the stopping area, the key area - the peak - the novel has decreased in four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make the mistake of other writers who have made a mistake in writing their poor text for the good lines of Brontë, and not the most important events have been completely changed and written again, but make them worse but ultimately a big mistake such as simply leaving many important scenes out. What remains is the only view of the novel, which is inappropriate for Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. Release is a mixed bag: When Fiona Shaw is Mr. Reed's best, Jane Young's Anna Paquin is more slick, Loutita than a little girl, craving love. Joan Plowright is able to make Mrs. Fairfaix very intelligent, but also can't help to feel that Billie Whitelaw should play the village magician instead of Grace Poole-visible, who works hard. Charlotte Gainsbourgh as a whole heroine, however, is a physical option to play Jane Eyre. Looking at everything like 18, thin and weak, with odd, stable, comes closer to my vision of Jane than any other style in that role. And during the first 15 minutes of his screen I was happy with his performance. Gainsbourgh will be able to give the audience a guess in the internal fire and the powerful will that is hidden behind the stoic mask. But unfortunately the script did not allow him to extend the further side of the enthusiasm and life of Jane's character. As a result of leaving out of many events and shortening many conversations, Gainsbourgh's exhibition of Jane must be incomplete and hence it is not appropriate. This is compassionate, as with the best script Charlotte Gainsbourgh could be a beautiful Jane like Zelah Clarke in the '83 version. But while it is still clear that Gainsbourgh tries to play Jane, there is no direction of Rochester in the behavior that William Hurt shows. Pain, who has identified himself as a good actor in many beautiful movies, must be aware that he was physically and kind of wisdom so he announced that he did not even try to play Rochester's novel. Its Rochester, instead of having a blue and blue color, is a good-spoken teacher, quiet and quiet, slightly and eccentric, but essentially good-natural and thin. She is far from being irascible, moody and rough that the lines refer to these characteristics of her voice totally ridiculous. Additionally, during most films, the face of Hurt's face leaves a person wondering if he is fighting a serious attack on sleep. Especially in the area of ​​the proposal he pretends to be the patient emerging from the general anesthetic and can not keep his eyes open. If you compare his Rochester to a strong and charming character of the novel, just blowing with energy and temperament, it is not surprising that many viewers are faced with the performance of Hurt. Still, he saves me under Rochesters in '70, '97 and 2006 versions and I usually put this title Jane Eyre up above the other three. The anger had wits to realize that it could not be Rochester's novel and therefore did not try to do it, while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could, but failed miserably, and I would like to look more over Rochester's character than Rochester who has played so much. And I would like to watch Jane Eyre's film which takes a lot of novels but it does not invent newer than the version that uses modern discussions that look like they can be mentioned by a couple today in the Starbucks café. Of course this Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least one is clean, which is more than a person who can say about the change of '97 and 2006. So I didn't want to leave anyone from looking at this situation: You can't get Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a well-decorated movie.
