I do not like to use the word "bad" to describe any work of movies that have a lot of time, effort, talent and money are used in its creation but the Zefferelli attempt to deal with Charlotte Brontë's 'Jane Eyre' is a waste of time. <br /> <br /> Script does not exist in the finesse and power, everything that expresses it to the viewer without a point, leaving little for ideas. The leading pastors are very deserving, open to the names of the stars, and the symbol of drippy and red music. Charlotte Gainsbourg and William Hurt have no chemistry at all for each other. He is like a rainbow, worse than Joan Fontaine, who at least was able to deal emotionally in what should be a story of great enthusiasm. And William Hurt makes the whole film in one voice and that tone is flat and without energy. Of course, the rock and dirt script does not support any of these other executives well in their efforts to bring any desire for life to this flick. Joan Plowright's grandmother is similar to the creation of Disney who continues to grow to create scenes that would be best left out. It is no secret around the story of the first wife of Rochester. The role of the second wife, is played as Doll Barbie and Sheikh MacParson, is an empty cipher. Fiona Shaw, a very good actress, has completely lost her aunt Jane, Mrs Reed. He would be better-cast as Mrs. Fairfax. Amanda's root, just like Jane's favorite school teacher, brings any sympathy or trust. I saw this version of 'Jane Eyre' after seeing Robert Young on British TV, made in 1997, with Ciaran Hinds, Samantha Morgan and Gemma Jones. There is no comparison. An important, romantic and detailed moving version is like nova exploding compared to a squib of the Zefferelli rain. <br /> <br /> I'll be interested now to see the version of 1970 and Timothy Dalton, which I read some very good items on this web site. I wonder how many people liked the picture book of Yorkshire Zefferelli. <br /> <br /> About all I can say good about this film is that the house is beautiful and the movie looks color, more than that is perfect.
