Seeing the cast, I recently watched this film on TCM, with an unknown gem hope, as I watch many movies from 30 years. This is not a gem - even a half value. Anroni and 1930 Rolls Royce's dresses are immediately hit. Offer is amazing, too. But more, there are many dumb and unwanted materials. This film has many links and a basic plot with promise, but the elements are not mixed up with the correct recipe. It's not just coming together as it should. And that's a shame. Few WI rather clear, but minor changes, this can be a very good film. The video is about the American girl (Jean Harlow) who is looking for a good British man - especially from the nobles. He meets Frankot Tone and his friend, who are on the lark in the Royce owned by the employer of buddy. Unlocking wrong mistakes Tone is the Lord who owns rolls, and puts his things on it. This first part of the film is a light comedy of no real difference. However, Tone without knowing it informs the fact that its employer is a German journalist during the WWI night, and then the movie changes the voice completely and begins to fall. Tone and Harlow are married, but as the star begins, he is shot by Mata Hari (Benita Hume), and Harlow is fleeing the scene, and the accused accuses Tone's murder. (Actually, Tone returns from the wounds.) The worst migrates to France, where it falls again in love - this time with French rich cad (Cary Grant). Tone, now in the army, and Harlow is in anticipation of being brought into the hospital room where he is in rehab from an airplane accident. In the following area, Tone accuses Harlow of leaving him because he is a small gold. Harlow never tells about the witness "accusing him of murder and fear! That is one of the breach of an improper device, a film-plot-device in a story. He is about to look at his paramour, Grant, test the new plane that has dropped him from England. But how many people did Hume shot that he could forget one mark? (He doesn't seem to be fun..) That would have been the best treatment of the matter. The movie, as it was done, has Toni and Harlow to join to preserve the good reputation of cad, Grant, n a cause of its trickery as a hero. Then Harlow and Tone just go. It is good to keep the public opinion of French of their national war hero, but it is not recommended as a love story! What the film is asking for is: Harlow explains that he fled to panic in the face of murder charges; See forgiveness and quietly restores his love for it; then it takes a torch for him, even helping him to improve the site's loss to preserve the reputation of Grant. Meanwhile, Harlow finally recognizes Grant for cad he is. Then seeing the Tone for a brave and respectful person he is, Harlow restores his feelings, too. At the end of the film, two of them are reconciled even if they work together to strengthen the appearance of Grant's death. After the burial of the hero of Grant, we see them agreeing and kissing when they turn off. That would make a nice film. For Cary Grant fans, it would have been better for Tone to play the French Cad who was killed and give the first man of the patience, he met Harlow. It is impossible for Franchot Tone to be dropped if the Irish live in England, while Cary Grant is healed as a Frenchman. This film would be better if they waited for responsibilities. That would also be the most favorable for the film that would ...
