... and you can look at those words in different ways, by the way. First of all, it is a mess because of all the terrible and very powerful events. Your privacy concerns have not reached some of the events shown here. All the pieces of this movie are ordinary, disgusting, offensive, brutal and bring you closer to your puking. Now, I love horror movies and I am 'pro-violent' too, but I think that leads somewhere! What? That's so much to ask? Provision of Fear is a series of thoughtful and misleading thoughts. The "Movie" contains out of four different chapters linked to the story of wraparound. This leads to an endless show of suffering, murder and disease just knowing that victims have something similar. Not very much, if you ask me. And yet - it is said - the basic idea of ​​the plot is sure. It is about the hypnotist of the church who made a contract with the devil himself to take revenge and cause pain and death to everyone involved in his case. Personally, I think that's an interesting topic, so they should be thinking about that a little more than wanting to create the most disgusting film ever. <br /> <br /> Second, all the production of this movie was a mess. They had many budgets and spent all of them with fake blood and guts ... Its tons! Acting performances are a joke and some of the worst I have ever seen. Any other special effects instead of make-up looks very much (If an attempt to actual car accident, for example). There is no tension or condition to explore anywhere ... even the attempt to create one. Provision of Fear is a failure and a lack of opportunity to say a little. With the presence of the icon of death-metal Danni Filth (from the Cradle band of dirt. Put the connection?) This movie is just plain means for the eyes of the lost young people who are trying to have controversy. The girls are concerned with boys who are happy to be concerned with their parents by looking at the lights like this. And then people complain that the amount of suicide and the destruction of young people increases ... Bah. I can think that this film can cause a lot of damage when it is easily caused or eliminated unstable. For each fan who is afraid of independence, this film is insulting.
