This movie was done for Dan's fans (and Cradle of Filth). I'm not one of them. I think he is just the actors standing in the black iron metal (still, I'm not a fan of black metal). But when I had taken this DVD to pay for it, I was convinced, that the real thing is actually more than trying to convince. So I think I'm on a rubber ball and a trip to a bad history. Now, that's what I like. <br /> <br /> I came home and entered. My perseverance lasted 15 minutes. The work of AWFUL cameras and the quality of SEND. And that was (2002), that looked like it was shooting using Hi8 camcorder. I left it on the shelf. Maybe a good evening with beer and Bmovies would put a good environment for this picture .... <br /> <br /> After a few months I returned again (in the context mentioned) and I saw half. Then it is not just the things that are said of me. Exciting to me turn. I saw how funny Dan (1,65m, 5'5 "height) appears in his shoes shoes to cut off the head of the mugger off (Yes, stuck. His head appears he had no skull.) I also saw that this movie could be however , I have never finished, so I didn't have a positive one. I was able to finish this flick - a few months back ... (Yes, it took me 5,5 years.) So - Dani for really was a surprise if the HELPER of Satan / Manson / super-bad-man and not being wise. See our bad man uses Dani to do bad things. Why, I think he is just a little, very bad. We have several short stories that relate to the character of Dan. He was close to a boy, who prevents M ONE, because he wants to use it as his own. ROCK BOTTOM.CGI is worse. I mean Stinger hits (and, boy, it's Cinger's baaaaad Stinger) The story is useless. And the quality is ... Let's just say it doesn't. The only thing that can help you look is the real violence and cutting. Blood and guts are done very well. Why, you can see that the movie is from there and then moved. (Example - Dani 'Person' Filth takes a cat - a fake if it can - and blowing ... and then eat what comes out. Why don't we know. We know, however, this cat should be on illegal things, if his heart is almost half its size.) <br /> <br /> You can imagine, after my opinion that this film is very bad, but it is very bad. Access to Filth fans can add 3 points. I added one year.
