Is there anyone who was doing this film, especially the director, avoiding ideas for the logic of the story line? These are not just holes, but the cemetery of the conspiracy, which will last forever if we lose any sympathy to the main character and problem. That is, if it is a sufficient observer to ignore the fact of many films that the characters are servants in the pit of the hole, or it is interesting and impossible. Or, in the case of Downey & Hannah characters, it seems to be very serious. By reflecting on the reason for the existence of the keyy screen of the Downey character on the film, I decided that either the director had liked his behavior and significantly added his screen time (of course, if the director did not change anything else about the script actually needed) or that his behavior would be a sacrifice on the altar of conspiracy. I'll leave them to guess who will be. I had to keep looking at the DVD cover to prove that this was a truly reliable talent. I can't understand why Robert Altman will take this job. Surely he has the ability to choose and choose. Actually, I can understand why anyone could write this script, unless the director of the first time seeking experience. Guess Robert Downey Jr. he needed money for his behavior. I think Kenneth Branagh wanted to try the southern emphasis. I think Robert Duvall was given only the pages of the script and he thought that the role of isolation seemed to be appealing. These are the only incentives I can see that force the best actors to take place in this movie. For Robert Altman, many attempts have come to his side to make the movie look wonderful. I found myself to see how he built an area such as, or used a red orange vests in another area to draw an eye movement, or to put a good filter to create a certain feeling. I am not often aware of such things on movies, since most movies I am watching to the end relate to me because of the story characters and good websites and understandable intentions. I looked at this end just because the element of the hopelessness in myself was looking for the DVD cover and believing that, because of the involved talent, there is a need for some reason for redemption in this film. The best direction. But not because I look at the movies.
