I had read so many good things about this my favorite novel story ... so never my expectations were broken. But they were more broken than expected. The movie would have been a good movie if I had never read the novel before, which might contemplate me. In any event, for some reason they changed the labor camp at Toulon for a full ship of galley slaves. Bishop Myriel's area was good. In fact, otherwise the bonds, things survived until the expulsion of Fantine. Because we do not want to have bad things happening to a good woman, she cannot cut her hair, sell her dairy, or be a prostitute. Worse he does is run into the mayor's office and spit on his face. Bamatabois is completely removed. Since having children out of marriage should not be discussed above, Tholomyes is a dead husband of Fantine, rather than a dandy careless. Valjean could take Cosette to Fantine before the Champmathieu thing, so they reunite again with joy, but other changes. Then comes a great meeting, which is a very difficult and difficult area. Thanks, saved. After three minutes of accuracy, however, the movie again begins to hurt towards the Player of the Movie. Like Cosette and Valjean go through the beach, they come to Marius giving a speech at the meeting. About jail reform. When he comes to Valjean's hand and Cosette, he says one line in the film that has made me scream in the TV set. "We are not a revolutionary." I was able to hear Victor Hugo hitting in his grave. IN IN THE INSTRUCTIONS! They want to rebel against the royal empire which is associated with another republic, you dumb publishers! It is a historical fact that there was a revolt against the government in 1832. Sometimes Cosette is going to give Marius a donation from her father for the revision and meeting with Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not Eponine's book. Eponine seems to be a beautiful girl working for prison supporters (who work outside the Universal Cafe opposite the Cafe Musain). By mentioning the audience you have already liked to appreciate her appreciation for her non-period, less cutting time, tight-tight dress and snooty wayisms. Converts of prison (led by many poor Enjolras I have seen) decide that sending emails is not enough anymore. So they will build barricades. I don't know about you, but I have never heard of the local restructuring movement and building banners and attacking government soldiers. About three hundred people (didn't think that many) began to attack the National Guard and build a group of barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius, thanks. Some of the films are the right type, without the injury of Javert again it seems hard to understand thanks to the time of minuscule screens and the definition of unusual behavior. The last movie with Valjean look Javert fly into the river. This is also correct because Valjean never wanted to let Javert fall. He saved the life of a man before, why would he let him die now? Then there is a sharp jump to Valjean's confession to Marius, his deterioration, and his redemption on his seat with Marius and Cosette on his side. Overall, I can blame the script especially for problems. When I am happy with Enjolras and Eponine they were at least present in the film, they were quite clear, as it was the area of ​​the whole barricade. Removing the suffering of Fantine prevents us to feel compassion for him. Cosette knows the history of Valjean since the time he deals with the deal. I have never seen, and Mme. Then he had a few seconds of screen time. It is similar to Gavroche. I did a lot of Frederich's March of Valjean, however, which was one of the features of the movie redemption. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, for all his great work in other movies, seems to have missed a mark with Javert. The tremors of the mouth, shouting unwanted, and its general acting felt just too bad. Also, like many Javerts I have seen, it has not been seen at any time, something needed for behavior. Again, this film would seem to be much better if I didn't read a book. I would recommend it to be a book of purists, though. I would also like to say that the film would have been a good success at the time not the French version of the emergence of the previous year.
