When I tell people that I go through movies like hobby, the first thing they say is "What do you think about the movie as well?" There are several problems here. First, it is likely that I have not seen them and so, I ruin my reputation. Second, I could destroy the translating movie without realizing that it is the truth they like. Finally, I would get a DVD to watch so they could judge my opinion. So, I find myself in front of the "Convent" which is a kind of film I would listen to fully given a choice but I can't avoid here. More is compassionate because this "frightening" fear of real looks like scary like a box of kittens. <br /> <br /> Follow the clichés wearing, "Convent" focuses on a group of US high school students on a trip to a missed mission on the stoning, placing and damaged. But you can never guess what happens next? A group of degraded religious deacons comes from the cemetery that takes the children away from the traditional tribal culture. Will any of them live and most importantly, do you? Don't you have good things to worry about? One thing that saves the "condom" from time to time is the fact that no one is so strenuous and the extraordinary exception of Coolio came as an infinite fighter and a stirring shock. finger. It is far too scary to be very scared - a cheerleader of a zombie who makes the sounds of chipmunk for any reason, the color of the day-to-day job that appears when you are a zombie - but what it kills is like a panic is the fact that you can immediately tell when someone will come out and killed easily. But even if they tried, I still doubt that it will work - the Babylonian designers wearing a kind of make-up you can see in the "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" TV show is not really scary. The most frightening thing about this film is that more than 10% of voters gave a high score. I mean, I know it's funny but it's not hard to blow my sides. Be honest, I've been more happy with a dentist. "Convent Conference" is not really such a terrible movie. It is more than a fear of comedy as "Awesome Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead" but you laugh it instead. I honestly can not recommend this to a person except family and staff members but, however, I am very doubtful they would enjoy it. I am not happy "very bad that it is good" type - I personally feel that if the film producers can not be concerned with the salvage of Turkey then I do not necessarily entertain the gut trying to try. Yes, it is a bad film and yes, they should be gone home and do something bigger. Rubik's cube, for example. The DVD box has two price stickers - one for £ 4.99 and a reduced price of £ 3. But it was bought for £ 1 and that should tell you everything you need to know about this poxy, cheap, flick. Sorry if you would like that but "Convent" really is a pile of despair.
