I know you have read it before, of course no doubt of course if you read the comments here, but the voodoo academy still stands as the worst movie I could track. of course it is so bad it is not even available to buy or watch on television, but yet I feel it is right to graduate that it is not just a dumb owner who has taken the wrong. I have seen two-thirds of the less than 100 low films down here in imdb, and I persuade those who remain with every space. Many of those stand head and shoulders over this ... bring into the monotony completely. I would like to measure the worst films (like those who do not have fun even though they are bad) and how many people you need to look at and make it all the way. if you can look at it alone, it's not bad. if you can watch it with one friend ... it's bad but it can be worse. <br /> <br /> picked up our 5 to make all the way through the voodoo academy. and even the most common time to enjoy a bad film (to view the boom seedlings for example, 3 times in this if it is wrong) can take a delicious taste of my mouth. I would like to look at it, but I would also like to force my 4 friends to watch and I reach that end. I hope and pray we have seen the directors to cut ... to think that there may be a 20-minute version of the smaller ones given by baby fat sores caused by their heads just threatening me. Most movie stations near this. I would like to beat david decoteau for managing this film for two days on a short budget, as I like to persuade people to pay him to make no celluloid version of some of his fetishes. but not a good film. The original stall was struck for a long time as much money (comparing inflation) and it was a serious problem. it's not the reason that this child is bad. <br /> <br /> The destruction of the front ... <br /> <br /> is not even worth covering the holes of the conspiracy or identifying all the characters of the war .. .. pacing of the film ... it's false ... no ... is an interesting long-term decoteau dedicated to pectoral personal massaging. no matter how your sex or sex ... just rub it can not develop during such screens. It is a cheese ... but not more than a ... I have seen the worst in the best film ... but somehow it's a half-capacitation of some of the worst lines that you'll hear in The film, which erupts completely. <br /> <br /> This lease if, like me, you have a fantastic and very bad, and just like you're going to look with a group of people who are already working. this is not ha ha ha put something set. is a test of patience you want to fly. I'm sure there is something worse… but I'm not surprised if it has a decoteau name on it.
