I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who has a leading attitude, Marvin Mange, in this film.) He said in it that he wanted to emphasize physical comedy here so much that even if he had much turned you would like to laugh at this film. It is obvious that it must be hidden. I had a turning point. I was hearing this and I think it was a tragedy, and no matter - a great desire after the hinerious performance of Schneider in "Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo." The story is stupid: Mange is a powerful man who has dreamed of being a fighter who gets filled with a group of animals after a car accident and a kind of mad scientist named Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton), and the result begins to lose its control The "animal." This makes it a "supercop." He can beat the drugs hidden in the body's luggage and enter the horse. Of course, he also has a bad habit of eating people's cows and trying to mislead their goats, but surely that's a small price to pay? It didn't do anything to me. <br /> <br /> Release too much to want. Is there a more active actor in Hollywood than John McGinley? Here, plays Sgt. The commander of Sisk, Mange on the police, as a romantic characteristic (similar to his doctor's behavior in the popular TV series "Scrubs.") I was eager to look at the first work of "great work" of Colleen Haskell (Is , anything in this so-called "radical" film?) He, of course, got his popularity as a rival on the first "winner" and shows here what we knew from it: he is cute as a button. What does not cease to prove here is that he has any talent as an actor. And what with Ed Asner as Police Officer Wilson. I mean, is this old man now? He is the size of a certain Mange cow tried to eat, and appeared out of breath all the way through. I'm surprised he did it through the film. There are publications that came to the end with Adam Sandler (who was also the Great Producer of this.) Yet, I was running twice: Eating with its stations in a police car, and the Schneider area Haskell and orangutan - orangutan has more talent to perform! So, for two bottles - 2/10.
