I've never been a big fan of Mormon movies. Being a Mormon, I have always heard that humor was very special for the LDS community and made us look like a group of strong wackos. I was hoping this would be a breath of fresh air, a Halestorm film that I could finally discuss with my non-Mormon friends. <br /> <br /> Boy, I was not wrong. I thought, since this had a B talent like Clint Howard, Gary Coleman, Andrew Wilson, and Fred Willard (one of my favorites), this would be at least a little funny. And moreover, the basketball church is locked with the possibility of a lot of hilarious gags and such. But I must say, in the whole movie, it seemed like no one knew what they were doing. One laughter fell flat, and every opportunity to really gag really funny neglected. The discussion was bland, and the film had developed the worst behavior I saw. Each one character but Wilson was less than one-dimensional. It is hard to believe that after nine again writing the film was still like mind-numbing stale as a tragedy train I noticed. I can't put the words of the wrath I heard to go through this. My friends and I had an extra area in the game, so we went to premiere in Washington City, UT. Kurt Hale, director, was there, and I must say, I avoided all communications with him after the show. Waiting the door, it seems ready to comment. I could not bring myself to tell him that his film did not only spell an hour and a half of my life, but dropped a bad, bitter scenario which I never forget. Here are a few problems I had: There was a little love lesson between the debate with the piano chubby player, but these two characters did not come from anywhere, and they could not take care of them, so my friends and I were left every once we wonder why we were supposed to care about these two lazy, uncomfortable. There were many things that came from every time with each other, each promising viewers the opportunity to laugh, but everyone came and went into a pot of smoke, living before they even began to care. This was very good how the whole movie saw it. <br /> <br /> This film was a powerful reduction, and I feel bad for everyone who expects the first movie of the REAL funny Mormon. True, the joke in this is not unique to the Mormon. Then again, it's hard to say it's a dragon and what was a loud voice of ringing my ears. <br /> <br /> Please, don't see this movie. Put in your fantasy imagination that this movie is hilarious. Make your own lust
