After checking this after receiving a DVD for Christmas 2005, I came here to open it - but after reading other comments, I am not encouraged. Obviously this is a film that has worked very well for children of a certain age. Well, I would be a full Grinch; it may still work for other children - if not many full media and have never seen modern, e.g. from looking for both LOTR and Harry Potter. But if you are an adult, get miles away; you can't enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Good Bits: Barbara Kellerman as a witch, especially in its earlier events with Edmund, includes a mix of the right to evil evil and the pride of pride. (In Stones Table he goes up.) Michael Aldridge in a small position of Professor and Jeffrey S. Perry as Lord Tumnus also has a variety of polished, acting skills we expect from the best BBC dramas. And the Aslan costume works very well, with amazingly good. They have seen the same eyes. <br /> <br /> Bits bad: almost everything else, but two places exactly. One, casting. UK stands with good actors and has tens of thousands of impressive UK school children. What? How could they end up with these two crops? They move as a soldier and they say too. Peter has no gravitas or charisma (and seems to be shorter than his brothers are considered less); Edmund is just whiny; and Lucy ... Sophie Wilcox as Lucy is too much, it seems, it's so bad for this part that I can't imagine how she got a job. <br /> <br /> Two, animal clothing. Again, it seems that they worked for other children. If children are still at the level where Big Bird and Elmo are exciting, trusted characters, they can be incorporated by this film. But for the viewer and modern, say, a 12-year-old who has seen Azkaban Prisoner? When Mr. Beaver comes from behind the tree, there will be hoots of brutality and pride. Dress doesn't work - I can't, and I think any adult or modern boy could not, stop the unbelief when he looked at Mr. Beaver. Future animation (gryphons, etc.) works well, it's easy to take. Therefore: ten stars for young and very tender; everyone read it, or read it again and see the best films on your mind.
