I am a film student, and I've been for several years. And the idea of ​​the chimpanzee of the cyber, kung-fu, satirical was wondering, "Is this a film that will bother the mold?" Let's say, America has never been reduced by any piece of movies that has simian equipment. After such classics as "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Finds In", I thought that the best ideas were already taken. But then comes "Funky Monkey". I laughed, I cried, I thought suicide. Now I have read about the legacy of demons in the Bible, but that still does not explain why one would create such a product of evil. First, I had a mental impairment, I realized that chimpanzee was true, not a monkey. However, I was sure that the filmmakers would open this problem further in the film. They were not. Let me work this art: a company called Z.I.T. he decided to give chimpanzee as a soldier. Why? I think they say something about the soldiers who make bananas, but when the average cost of $ 13 million of government funds to teach one chimp, this does not seem costly. Similar anyways, Z.I.T. brings CIA expert (Matthew Modine) to teach Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens are everything of Z.I.T. they expected. He can take all the changes of the guards, who all seem to have gained their training skills in local stores, and still can remind us that we are watching a child's movie. As you can see, Modine knows that the goals of Z.I.T. can be bad (Gasp!) and decides to break out Clemens out. Being a CIA agent and all, Modine knows that the best way to keep yourself is going to the capital, renting a guest room, regularly performing on television while fighting crime, and using checks to pay everything. <br /> <br /> ZIT finds out where Modine stays, and sends two more beautiful to send. These guards may be a great team of comedy since Martin and Lewis, or is the Turner and Hooch? It does not matter anyways, because at the end, for hectares of abolition, good people win !!! Yay! Hooray for forecasts! To give a stupid child who learns himself, a private mother who needs a date, and music songs that show songs that can be black and Radio Disney and find "Funky Monkey". Movie period? Football game! Played with bandits, bumblers, chimp, and nerd boy. No one cares about such an entry into a secondary football game. Funky never fun! It's the edge of your leisure seat. Some may even call the "Beauty of America" ​​of the monkey elements. After completing this epic, I remembered hearing stories about a railway worker who lost many brain work when the iron rod lost his lobe for a while. Funky Monkey is a metal rod between movies.
