I watched this a few days ago, so the information gets hazy. The film is being shot on the camera, and much of it was done this time when it was originally released, because we didn't have many photographs of the studios that were made in this way. I can't help but feel this was a gimmick more than anything, designed to make the audience think that what we see on the screen did not have all the understanding of the big budget, and so it was "real". However, what we have here is not less than The first half of Full Metal Jacket, so anyone who has seen it, or any of the other sand, knows what hope. /> <br /> The main problem I had was the actors who had no exhibitions, and children with soft sores from their depths, close singing, Ebonics to announce black dudes, fatigue, severe psychological and etc., etc .. all of them are placed in the types of situations that will provide friction and tension at any time. The injustice and injustice of the situation, perhaps it was sluggish, or perhaps it was a committee trying to appeal to many viewers, all I know is horrible. it was a mixture of volunteers and heads (where all the characters would have had to enter the situation,) but only the event between the two main characters makes a lot of play. This seems to be the main pivot of the conspiracy, and the volunteers are full of their minds and their heads get a sense of responsibility and self, but all have been done by force and powerless. Another great cluster I had is how all the characters (except the psychos and the real softies) could cope with each inevitable conflict and the first oppression and violence threats, faced with the suspension of Farrell, once to come down and be both sensible and diplomatic . I think if I had to get more it would be acting in two ways, which was stable and very persuasive, based on the nature of the characters, this was not 't very hard. <br /> <br /> In my mind, Bozz grew to Zeke off of the Tour of Duty, and with my money, 4 pieces of it would be more fun to look at.
