Although the film could be "true" to the book of Lewis (for that script was basically a word-to-word, identification), failed to capture any of the size that could be associated with epic stories like this. Historical creatures (unicorns, centaurs, griffins, ghouls, ghosts) are made *, and as in previous reviews, the green-rock chain was hard to swallow. I died when I saw humanoid fibers and their heavy suit and fur; I screamed when I heard the wolves "begging -" a gray gray suit essentially screaming loudly and as much as he could. All the action is facing a lot, especially that of little Lucy Penvensie ... I could just take a lot of anger, despair, and the buck's teeth in (what they felt like) fourteen hours of watching the movie. The actress who plays the white witch, throughout his history, seems to have been at home on the stage, where the increasing voice, the spread of hands, and the strongest effort in Shakespearian something would be more than welcome. <br /> <br /> sets feel claustrophobic, as events occur in or out. Inside, it's like the BBC could only spend $ 100 on building sets, and so it's very small, and all characters are included regularly. The Witch of the White Witch is run, the area of ​​decay English castle full of styrofoam statues and bad lights. When Penven's children walk through the forest - in fact, * any place * in the forests - they feel like they just look at the circles. The only thing that seems to be good in the film is Aslan, but you can bet that the BBC can beat the entire film film on building mechanical installations. It looks good when it is standing and before you start talking, but as soon as it starts moving, you can't help but feel sorry for a poor person who must be at the back end of the lion's suit. Yes, if you are a fan of Narnia hard, you would like to see this version, because it keeps every word Lewis wrote - but Lewis did not have an image writer, and a lot of Talk feels chunky and awkward when on the screen. During the situation where your kids are in Beavers' and prepare to run from the wolf, Mrs. Beaver's incessant, "oh, just something else, fools, and then we will be ready to go," punctuated with children right at the same time and wailing for "NO , Mrs. Beaver, PLEASE! " - a comic aid area, so it is not bad (they need to WANT from a nearby hazard, not to ask about a sewing machine or not), blocking from a concert that the area may have. In fact, the whole movie faces a leading faux pas like these. I would like to see a new Narnia (Disney 2005). New films, regenerating effects, animation of an attractive computer, a good time around, and a nice and scene-stealing Black Wizard (who plays his part with all the trick of the cunning politician of the season, as opposed to the shans of shrieking). of the greatness and glory of the world of Narnia would have little impact on Lewis's original vision (I think). Lucy is a multi-cuter (no buck's teeth, YAY!), If it's beavers (and sizes of size), and BBC bratty Edmund has nothing about God, Desperately-Hungry-to-Acceptance-Safe-and-Angsting-and- an-Inferiority-Complex Edmund that the new version of Disney. Unless you are a type who enjoys spending time in advertising camp videos, I will not recommend this film to anyone.
