A friend once told me that an independent film gallery is run on the movie-time after the closure of the film's audience was very interested and began to lose cinema seats. Of course, my thoughts caught him, trying to erase the contents of that work. Well, now my thoughts can relax. <br /> <br /> I am a fan of the life of Andrei Tarkovky and the most winner of his career. I came with many people who thought the film of Tarkovsky is slow-moving and inert. What the vision is, I have seen this is not true for the work of the late director, which is done in a sense, good songs, and brief questions of philosophy. After hearing Aleksandr Sokurov called the successor of Tarkovsky, I was glad to see his experience. <br /> <br /> Without a clear air trip through the fields (Stalker), this movie has no connection with Tarkovsky has been made. It does not seem to have little meaning, even at a lesser degree. It is said that "amazing movies" is not suitable for any order. There is no ratio, no ratio, and the meter exposure seems to have decreased in the battery in the snow. The main character is unknown and unknown, it makes you wonder if his father can be alive if he made his mind earlier. It is not too bad for non-line items or stories that are in many different ways. But none of the stories are not here. One should definitely enter the view of this film and the head of the shaved if someone would leave without something found and nothing was lost, if the hair joining would be the only possible answer that could make a look for Tarkosky's sculpture as Jerry Bruckheimer had played a short Charlie Chaplin. . <br /> <br /> I can mention that this may be one of the stinkers of Sokurov (Sokoris of Tarkovsky), but that he is one of Tarkovsky's successor to this film - it will call Paris Hilton successor of Aristotle. Yes, men, don't be afraid to say. No amount of bigger words can bring these cellulodiic diseases again. I do not fully understand the Russian culture and I probably do not have Russian values, but once I have taken the work of Tarkovsky as something magical, treasure and gifts to the audience. did not name Sokurov on it, and announced on saying, Saturday Night Live, I am sure no one could "read" all this great analysis in this flick rainbow.
