I live in Ottawa where this film was made and I wish it had never been. This is one flick of God-bad. I am trying the truth and supporting independent films but there is this stigma associated with anything indie and that stigma is: Indie Zigo movies. Yes, this film has nothing to do with this curse. Migizaji, the author, director Brett Kelly has little to contribute to that kind, rather than spitting the clichés of fatigue from previous films. I have been exhausted by the people who are destroying the evil that emerges in the shadows and prey on anxiety, in such a way that they are not overweight. I can remember one particular area near the end of the flick where the whole area is hit by car heads. Now some might say that this was the effect used to create feelings and tension, but sadly it was showing the decline of this movie. Also for a strenuous filmmaking film, the observer will find it very difficult to get a real year, except a few scenes and a layer of maize and red color. The main thing that stimulates the film is to walk with the lack of behavioral development, the basic plot is that children are taken by parents must monitor under their partner Bonesetter before some time in order to get their children back. It's not that this concept breaks me, but, I wasn't sure that when two main characters, all who lost children can find time to do with each other. This has been done in such a short time that it is impossible, my first priority is to have my daughter return and at least know the woman before making her. The last tip I have… and I can't hold this against Kelly, but the movie is completely out of a stimulating, senseless video that takes every time it would have just a movie. Although this film was given a million dollars dollars and brought back the story and made good things and everything was good, it could not keep the film going on. My only hope is that something happens to prevent Brett Kelly a good solvent, which has been reported on its website, the good that was written in one half. The Lord helps us all.
