When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic novel that turned the film, I was surprised. Since it is a fan of the book, I thought she could play Tony, Roz, or Charis, but more, I was surprised to see how they would turn this topic, close to psychology (but not psychological stimulation) in a movie that could be found for those who did not read the novel , and that would be at least satisfactory for those who were. The book is a reflection of community groups, women, and modern life, and I was determined to see how they used three different stories that lead to opening stories in the film. What they did is crime. The most serious error and the issue of confusion is: Why Oxygen, a network that claims to be women, takes a wonderful book about how women, difficult, and terrible is and can be, and change the main character from for 3 women go to the former dumb soldiers and no real reason to participate in the story? It seems like anyone who did it took the easy way to use this person directly to ask Roz, Tony, and Charis about how they knew Zenia and by doing so, they ran through the bulk of the book. By doing this though they lost the story and cut everything that is good on the characters in it, away from doing so so the audience did not have a reliable person to engage in. In this film, these women are not people, they are characters. The Zenia book causes her death, but the book explains to get this step, while the film loses 30-45 minutes to target the former soldier around and do nothing to use. They tried to make this book complicated part of the Act and Procedure or CSI. It turns out that Mary Louise Parker played Zenia, which was very bad. Zenia is Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or maybe even a kind of Scarlett Johnasson. She is a woman who cannot worship, and a woman whose women are attracted to and threatened, but in "keep your enemies close" kind of way. And as soon as he approaches you, he seems to be very real and is believed worthy, despite your best judgment. She is a kind of woman who, even when she loses, succeeds: she is still still beautiful, still has a rich, and there are still people still out who don't know her game. Zenia does not take a Charis man (the American demo of a blonde dodger who used Charis the first place ...) but instead took August and tried to become his legal guardian (and it seems to return to her lover's lesbian as long kiss on the coffee shop means). And Zenia killed the chicken before leaving with August, but it had no meaning since all that was built and it was removed. It has been like anyone who wrote the screenplay was busy with the leaves to satisfy those who read the book, but I think I had not read the book, I would have used the whole movie to be confused, if I had trouble dealing with it all. And Roz's husband died before Zenia did not enter the photo (which was weird since Zenia took Roz's business and home life in the book, that's why Roz hated her) and she and Zenia had prepared to kill Roz's husband years and years ago. And according to Tony and West film were dating ever ... even in a party where Zenia and the West (in the book) painted all the black place and they made Tony appear like this completely and (with evil, bitchy) man who was always honored and everyone with his mind and popular with it. Tony's behavior was very bad in this film ... he seemed to have a little psychological and as a master of the post after anything was going against the kind of a gentle teacher who was in the book. The film says that good women are evil, good women are evil, strong women are evil, and women who teach yoga are far from their common. They tried to make it so Zenia was not as bad as she was in the book, and then, finally, three women persuade the former soldier (who, of course in this process of meditation, meets Zenia and children The relationship with the one who should end up with Barbados or something foolish, which is for Zenia's on to hide Zenia's body (who got splat at the hotel he stayed, but the film suggests that one of three women drove on a balcony, or planned The plan together to do it ...) and then Zenia also managed to take all the Roz money in the process. At the end of the film I was only half pay attention to commercial b / c advertisements mentioned very far in space from what could and would. If you are confused with this film break, then maybe you would like, because I have read the book and seen movies, and from the movie alone I am a great mix. It was terrible. I find that making a film out of that book is a great job, but if you're going to take a job, you should start to decide what in the book it should be, rather than creating a sense of meaning to our Alice in wonderland. Are there any fax books that Oxygen can make at least half of the movie TVs?
