If I have never read the book, I would say it is a good movie. But I read a book. Who made the screens write to destroy the story. There is a lot of changes, that it didn't deserve Head. Change behavior, change of plot, change time line ... <br /> <br /> First was Henry and follower? They were not in the story. Henry had a Mitch of a certain amount, but Mitch was not a copo. No one made it so Roz, helped 'sink' his body and use it as a Zenia shock against Roz. The truth of the so-called betrayal was Roz thought Zenia was sleeping with her child and wanted her to go with him. His son was also beaten because he hid Gay from his mother. His son was not even mentioned in the story. Neither do I believe he was his partner, the secretary of Roz. Tony and the West were not together at first. She had Zenia first at university. The black building built was their Idea, Tony went to visit. This is where Zenia and Tony meet, being quick friends. Tony hides his love for the West. Then Zenia came from the west, with money from Tony, then West and Tony meets. Finally they get married, sometimes the West comes from Tony to Zenia again for a short time. Just to have a heart broken again. Then return to Tony. Zenia's bravery for Tony is that Tony has written a test paper for Zenia. Now as Professor at the College he did not want to allow it to come out. I will say that the behavior that Tony played so wonderfully. The attitude of Charis was a wonderful color, not that very important. Zenia did not lie about having cancer when Augusta was alive. No was there when Charis had a partner called billy. Augusta's father, was a dodger draft in the Vietnam War. Finally after Charis takes Zenia for months for what was removed by drugs. Zenia and Billy have the lowest things under the nose of Charis when taking care of both of them. Then Zenia returns to Billy to the government, and travels on the ferry with him. Not for Augusta, Charis was pregnant with that. Charis also had a split personality, Karen was his real name. Zenia does not die from being cut into a piece .... he fell or could be pushed (we don't know at all) on the balcony and went into the fountain. She had a heroin of the bridge very near her blood and it was possible she took some without knowing and fell as she OD'd. She was also dying to cancer at this time. It does not show any reference to childhood or anything that interested the characters for the reader. The book with his bones. Then it is done in someone else's vision. Why couldn't you just write your own story on what you did in the film. It was different enough, and I'm sure it could be made more.
