* Warning - non-conspicuous travelers, but filmmakers yet ... * Other important ones burned this to think it would be a great love and all the stars that were beaten. Wow - very, not very accurate. This film is not over-encompassed, registered, with a substantial pretext for the release of a student film 15 years after being shot! The copyright document in the box stated in 2005, but during the first flashback series I was looking at the clothes and hair that should have been in the early 1960s, and I noticed that the girls were mainly dressed in 90s / early 90s and hairdos clothes. It seemed like it was shot 15 or 20 years before all the film! I tried to express myself that it was a flashback, and so it should look at the age, but it seems WWWWWWWAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY more than 60s or even the 21st century trying to be 60s ... then the adult worker of the leading behavior turns up, and he looks like the boy emerged in the series flashback (it's still a different character, a young age that has been set up in posts). I was so mixed up until I saw in a special feature of a short film that included - it was all the flashback system, shot in 1990 as a full-screen student of the same film! It also has a comprehensive definition of a young boy (and actually does a colleague in 2005). Therefore, this film is just a shell of the story surrounding the old pupil film, cut together as a clear excuse to find it during the performance of the exhibition. The story of the shell, shot in 2005, is about a person who has lost his wife and finds healing and deliverance in a dance class which he promises a dead person will attend instead (something about a promise made by a person who died in the early 60's for his girl to meet " The fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth millennium of the new millennium - the liberation of the clash near the old film in 2005? The clichéd stage that brings a new film. Don't worry There is a reason why you have never heard of this film though it has a popular cast - it's awesome.
