I finished watching all this film (too long) because I was attracted to the great ignorance and knowledge of it. It seems hard to believe that the most famous people (Anthony Quinn, Lawrence Olivier, John Gielguld, Vittorio de Sica, etc.) would have been able to participate in this option. But maybe in 1968 people really * were * so naive? The plot appears to be written by the Latin priest of the Marxist Latin and the agenda. There is a strong conflict with the Russians are really good people, and the Secretary General of the Communist Party is a good and spiritual person, who, suddenly, after 20 years, sees the light and feels forced to reduce his bad conscience by releasing a prisoner priest from gulag of Siberia. Then the priest becomes the Pope for a series of hiding. We are allowed to see the Vatican voter voting process that has been shown with a conditional form of trust that you can think of. At the same time, communists in China received a common economic miracle of their half-country hunger to death. In order to solve this small way through the ongoing illumination of communism they want to start a nuclear war (to divide the wealth of Western capital to the poor working class of China). The secretary gets worried and calls the Pope before his death to ask for a peaceful broker. They meet with the leader of China's leader Peng who looks and acts as a 15-year-old boy. You will move around on the floor laughing about what the 1968 people thought that Chinese looks like. Friend Peng claims that Western citizens should pay (which is quite logical after all, not often citizens should pay for the spiritual elite) and that the Pope needs to give something, too, because of the common emergency equality and social justice. So when the Pope gets crowned in Rome, he promises all the wealth of the Catholic Church throughout the world to feed our poor Chinese brothers in Christ. And so he saves the world from nuclear repression. Besides this, there are also minor, which, alas, provides little to redeem this very bad film. I would like to give three Oscars for folly. <br /> <br /> Way, Anthony Quinn looks quite like a Papa. He looks more like a Greek Zorba.
