And I repeat, please don't see this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the record of the worst comedy, no effort made. At least most of the recent games today, magogs are unusual and flat, but writers and directors put some effort in making them funny. I never tired of repeating one of my favorite actions: Everyone thinks they can make a comedy, and only 10 percent of them are the same. Resistance is hard! This is not any kind of fool who can play with them. I think it is angry that the creators of the film represent this trash and "Movie Fried Kentucky". Basically, these bozos compare their talents called comic to those who know Jim Abrahams and Zucker Brothers. Come, I've seen the film Pauly Shore which is 10 times the funnier than "Movie Underground Comedy." Here is a sample of comedy for those curious ones about seeing this movie: One drawing involves a superhero wearing as a pen named D ** kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by slapping them with semen. That's right. That's all the joke. Wow. That is enough to make the carrots Top down his eyes. Another picture involves someone who has sex with someone who has died on a porn movie. And in another diagram, there is a woman's beauty contest, where we witness the horrible centers of middle-aged women with bicycles and stretch marks. Plus, horrible homeless people are more sad than funny. It's a step away from mocking the intellectual disability. The whole movie should be satire. I think the film writers have forgotten that the most important feature of satire ... is FACT !!! For anyone who enjoyed this trick, tell me what it says about any of these magags! Some artwork may seem funny on paper, but anyone who has taken any class of writing screens knows that if the gag's view looks very interesting on the paper, perhaps it will not be funny on the screen. If I tell someone about a big, black, female, who saves herself to a righteous person, she may probably laugh. But looking at the premise on the screen for 10 minutes is a perfect drag. I hate how every time people clap their head like this because they are not funny, they seem like stadiums. I just saw "White Chicks" recently. That's a little downside, the comedy is wrong, but I cut my head. The worst thing about the "Movie Comedy Underground" is not funny! Those authors and directors do not understand that just having dirt and non-functioning. There must be more! Just think of the famous scene from "Something About Maria" (surprisingly, the movie boots representing Farrellys on their list of special thanks). The congregation on semen was not only funny because it involved body fluids. There was a built. Ben Stiller was doing masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he did not have a date with a "loaded gun." Then he looked around to see where all the semen had been released. Knock it on the door, and adhere. His date, Mary, is at the door and has been revealed that semen depends on Ben's ear. In this film, there are a lot of subscribers involved in loads of semen loads for people, without any building. As Jay Leno says always, "This comedy thing is not so simple, is it?" Continue that in mind, Vince Offer, because it is cut for this type! The only reason people can laugh at this is because they want to feel hip. Let's say, these days are hip laughing anything politically correct. I know comedy is subjective ... but this movie should not be funny for anyone, except maybe the filmmakers themselves. As a note of the side, the movie had to be made before the popularity of Michael Clarke Duncan in the movie as "Armageddon" and "Green Mile." We cannot have any other reason why a caliber actor would volunteer to be a part of this amateurish freak show. All others in cast are non-actors, they have been executives or stars of the B-movie. Karen Black made a good impression in "five simple pieces," but I don't think she has done anything worth since then. Slash had perhaps been referred to in this film. Gina Lee Nolin is something without "Baywatch." Angelyne is a great star of the film (recall Duncan was not popular at the same time), and there are still tons of people who have never heard of him - for good reason. Normally, I support the lowest flicks, but this should fit into caution. I hope this Lord does not become a classic worship! What? Shouldn't have a law against distributing cunning like this?
