David Mackenzie Monitoring for Young Young Adam wants to be a good story of a lonely person who tries to deal with sex and sex issues with his dead mother. It wants to be gritty, realistic, and wonderful. At the same time, you want to be funny and innocent of his guidance if he identifies himself as an adult. <br /> <br /> To reach this end, the movie tries to be a teenager. His card has a handy handwriting of Juno's. His original voice includes a quick indie rock that tries to convince viewers that Hallam is the same; just a little bit. But very strange film is nothing but a boy. <br /> <br /> Such as Young Adam this great secret film includes a woman with water - in this case the mother of Hallam. Little Adam puts his secret in quietness, meditation, and walking so well to hit you as they come. Hallam Foe does the opposite. It seems to the psychology of his behavior clearly and for the early time that he never does anything outside of his expected criteria. Part of the opening is Hallam in his treehouse watching his sister fooling around her lover. Hallam blows fast, confirming his presence at home. Here we see everything that Hallam does for the remaining movie. The secret around the sinking of his mother is like suicide or the death of his father. Observers can never believe in Hallam because, instead of being angry, we think his patience has led to close sex. This prevented the secret element for me because Hallam is very commonly impossible. When he gets the tips that can emphasize his claim he runs away from home, for the first time it seems to be looking for the police. Then he gets very excited by a girl who resembles his mother, which is caused by that thing away from the secret element. When Jamie Bell brings out the most beautiful qualities in her lost character, she was limited to the clarity of her psychological needs. This movie is not suitable in any way, but it's not the same. It tries to be realistic in dealing with those issues, but it adds a very sensitive spunk that registers itself as the opposite. It goes to a sound-heavy, trainspotting view to help the listeners to roar the main character who weighs premises, steals, and drives out for voyeurism. These cities of the cities of Hallam Hallam are encroaching on a very difficult way for the inner man of the country to enter and do not have sexy, giddy, or beautiful. They are closer than nothing; not propelling a character or story. Mackenzie lets you understand Hallam, but still can't create common ground. He hopes to enjoy the trials and suffering of Hallam without a ideological right. This film focuses on the view of viewers on the voyeurism / type of person involved. Obviously, most people would like it. And Hallam Foe knows that, but it does not allow us to see Hallam to measure its values. He goes from person to person, trying to fill his blank. There is a particular line of confusion from the love of Hallam Kate's love where he said so hard "I love the worried boys," perhaps asking the audience to do so. This verse tries to explain his understanding of him (his inspiration is still not fully understood) and he tries to help us more to judge him. It's not hard to love Hallam, but it's very hard to participate in his adventure - if it's even an even adventure. All the time, the film tries to use its flamboyant sounding sounds to catch up with its negative impressions. Excellent exhibition faces a film with a three-dimensional film of weakness, mud development, and poor Mackenzie trends. Soon this film was re-called for the release of the United States, and why? Not only is it not good, but really hard is that Hallam's behavior never gets 'name'.
