Hallam Foe tells us a story about a boy who lost his mother and an experience of Oedepus complex future. <br /> <br /> It's something about 95 minutes long but it will be better than ten. There is an hour in the middle where he is practicing climbing on the roof, and behaving in the church tower as Quasimodo (only he is very tender compassion). <br /> <br /> There is a wonderful story story to share which doesn't have 'We have nothing to do with anything. He appears to look like his mother, is it? We know she lost her mother, that's the first ten minutes it was. They should only put the beginning and end up with the O.K. short film. Now it's an image of fixed behavior. He is a teenager that things happen. The only option he has in the middle of the movie is to apply for work. There is this whole Oedepus thing that should make us analyze its behavior. She puts her face, clothes in women's clothes and wearing a badger on her head. Badge! You need to see the end! He returns to his home with a spoon on his head (and is beaten as a Horror film) to kill his father's wife (which he did with her at first). And somehow they thought this could not be enough entertainment to keep the punk music back. I must admit though, I have a kind of allergies that require writing a psychological complex on your nose. It feels like the director of the MacKenzie leader / boy / whatever tries to show us that he has also learned psychology at school. You are very smart! Thank you for bringing all the theories behind our memory! In fact you hit it! What Wallraff! Well now I realized this film is from a random book, but even then .. <br /> <br /> Put it boring. Many of the heads to talk. Plus editor has changed colors from location to location, you know the cold and temperature etc. why? perhaps "Hallam Foe" is a feature and film test for blind people of color. Or maybe they thought that the event would not be enough to tell us that he feels alone, so they increased in blue so we could get it. I will not deal with the comments of indie-oh-how-how-cute comments they made in the presentation. And all "sex" things are going on. All this film is a free cliché. But I recommend it. I laughed more than a few times. Although it is very angry to be a film student and see how to decorate as this is available through the machine.
