First ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, as well as distributors as "Rhino" and "Troma" on the video box, you know what you are entering with this. B movie mania! If you expect to see excitement "according to Edgar Allan Poe," then forget and turn to the best series of Roger Corman 60s Poe. This is pure, not caused by the sleaze (with just a foot attempt on the same plot as "Hidden Before"), full with lots of R-rated, ready-to-video and dirt lots. However, it is certainly a fun and enjoyable way to beat ... Brinke (who has three nude events in the first 30 minutes) has a housewife, in trouble, in trouble, who is Victoria Monroe, who fears to be bound earlier in his belief that the same fate came to his father (Hoke Howell). Her inexperienced husband Terry (Jay Richardson) has reduced the huge debt of gambling (gangster debt played by Robert Quarry) and, with help from his kinky secretary, blonde, European-accent sexpot, Deli Sheppard who has to overcome Brinke for its money. The value of the name Karen Black drops briefly wearing wig blonde as a hypnotist (he is a very talented way to play a role like this), 50 stars of sci-fi / horror Robert Clarke has a doctor and family friend and Michael Berryman shows up for a good chain of dreams to make autopsy on Vicki who lived yet. Jan-Michael Vincent especially sat out of the house in his car making the eyes of goo-goo as Brinke enters and leaves home. The plot of killing-to-legacy has been done a million times before, the end is an uncomfortable turbulence (completing the direct disconnection of the Zuni Fetish Doll in TERROR TRILOGY) and anyone who created a very bad face and the head of the FX decreased for this release requires strengthening little skills. Brinke does a good job to make his character be kind, but the greatest surprise of all is how good old Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard is in her place. He stole every area that he was in and easily gave the performance stand here.
