Sometimes I have seen a movie made by people who know nothing. I recently noticed a new Baby Face Nelson. Now I have seen Dillinger and I've found it. <br /> <br /> This movie is trash. I don't know how anyone with good sense can compare this with a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is far from classic. Someone called it a brilliant. That's a false thing to say. This film cannot find any truth directly and has the worst size I've ever seen. I don't know the dumb idea was to beat Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First of all he sees nothing like him. Second of all, when John Dillinger was killed was 31. When Oates made this was 45! You can even tell him that he is bigger than the real Dillinger to look at him. Not only was he so old, but Ben Johnson was also Melvin Purvis. They show Baby Face Nelson die, then Homer Van Meter, and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before both. One of the last die between three was Baby Face Nelson. Not only do the writers not know when they died, but also they do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after fleeing from Little Bohemia in a garment. Homer Van Meter was not killed by gunmen. Homer Van Meter was closed by police in St. Petersburg. Paul was attacked by machine guns. Another member of the Dillinger group, Harry Pierpont, is being shot by police in this film. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to die in an electric chair. I'm going to what happened to Baby Face Nelson on my son Nelson's face stepped so I can't go back here. I would also like to add that Richard Dreyfuss' shows that Nelson's face is heavy. There is a place where he visits Dillinger and then blows to beat him. When Dillinger struck him he was crying like a child and cried, "Give me alone!" The baby face Nelson and John Dillinger did not fight. Perhaps Dillinger did not agree with the ways of stealing Nelson's banks, but they did not fight. Nelson also did not sleep as a little girl when he was beaten. They continue to call Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never in his life known by that name. Nelson's true name was Lester Gillis and changed his name to George Nelson. A black man who escaped from prison and Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this movie known as Reb Youngblood. John Milius does not know anything. Where did John Milius get his information? I was able to make the film better than he did. <br /> <br /> Finally the way they showed John Dillinger die is angry and not enough. The movie shows Dillinger walking out of Biografia and Lady in Red and her partner Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette wasn't even there that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis says, 'Johnny!' Dillinger picks up his gun and is beaten to hell. It was the fact that Dillinger had no gun that night. The FBI did not give him a chance to surrender and as soon as he appeared before them they drove him out. They didn't even have to shoot him. They were so close that access to powder was found on his face. It was murder. They also said that the man was killed that night was not John Dillinger. After killing tons of civilians in the Little Bohemia event you can think of the FBI report that they had just been killed by a non-armed person? The guns that were shown on Dillinger have also been shown to have not been made up after Dillinger's death. I could continue the way that man killed them not John Dillinger, but I will stand here. If you would like to know more, check out the Dillinger version and Lawrence Tierney if you want, but don't waste your time with this correct piece of waste.
