What? About the childhood of Dahmer? - Two operation of care that is believed to have led to its endurance and internal work of the human body? What about "non-destructive land"? - The game he made as a child that involves the people of the stick that have been destroyed when they came close, showing that friendship was a great danger. What about the relationship between his parents, and his mother's emotional problems that were more important than his own relationship with his father? His feelings of neglect when his brother was born? And what about her beauty and insects and animals? How could he spread the road and put it in the forest behind his house? What? What about concentrating on its destruction? And what about the divorce of his parent? These are all things that should be incorporated into the film. Instead, the filmmaker chose to give us a 'snapshot' of water from the night or two in his life, and combine with a series of confusion and sometimes unnecessary, for events that were not very important to our understanding of Dahmer. Why does the film manufacturer not show how Dahmer was attracted to people like things rather than people? He could do this many times, especially in cases that he harms victims when he has sex with them (which actually took place in a health club, not a nightclub). Instead, he shows that he is away from the back. When I thank you there are just a lot of information you can put in 90 minutes (or even so long), but why do you spend a lot of films to explore its relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this film). I think only that the director was trying to create a pinet character, try and make us afraid or feel him, but this film should be on Jeffrey Dahmer, why couldn't he spend forty-five minutes on something else? If the area and their relationship were important enough to prove then then just enough right, but it was not. The area where Steven Hicks, his first victim, is an important part of Jeffrey Dahmer's story because it was the first murder, and because of the impact that the killings were in all his life. Unfortunately the film does not explain that it was his first murder, or that he did not kill again for nine years. We think, because its style of hair is different, and wearing glasses that this is flashback, but when? And why? <br /> <br /> What! about the shrine he made in his living room until the end of his work? - one of the most important indicators we understand to understand Dahmer and its motivation. Some people may find my need for precision and in a little bit of an anal, but after learning Jeffrey Dahmer in detail, it is clear that this film is not very good for someone who had a mistake that made . Why are you busy using the time when you are filing free according to Jeffrey Dahmer instead of dealing with the realities of her nature being mad and murdered? Finally, a film titled as well as they should carry the 18th certificate, not 15. We needed to see its perversion more deeply, to understand how we were excluded from all of us. That does not mean to show the actual digging by entering the head of Konerak Sinthasomphone for example, but at least a sign of the amount of people he killed, and what his modus Opandi was at the time of killing. Anyone who looks at this film who does not know the story of Dahmer can come off to think he had just killed a few people. In fact he killed seventeen people. <br /> <br /> Apart from the fact and lack of detail, the movie is not all bad. There are some good performances, and good performances from two main characters. I would like to see this done again by a filmmaker who has more knowledge, more energy, and a good reason to make the film the first place.
