When the general idea of ​​escape from Atlantis was interesting, I saw the film being much lower than what I had hoped for to read the plot of the plot. Perhaps I am a heavy child in the technological age: the movie was made, as it is now in 2002, officially five years ago - after watching fantasy epics as Lord of the Rings, and science fiction sources like Star Wars, generally could not compare with movies The same line as the Dinotopia or the Odyssey of Homer. My flesh, basically, was that I could not involve - I am about the same age of children (a young boy), and they have no trouble keeping a middle-aged person as a visible character. But the picture did not take me to the open mind of the existence. I never found myself saying 'ACK! I WANT TO DO THIS JUST! '. It didn't open the doors of my mind. Even in comparison with the top budget films or other TV movies, standing alone, certain aspects of the feature that I have seen cliche: The development of behavior in children occurred very quickly to me, and seen too much of a proud young man. image-post-divorce photo changing into us-a-big-happy-family-let's-never-separate-again feel that you finally do or break the photo for a long time. Even the characters themselves could have succeeded to improve: a common set of one type or another. There was a self-emerging beauty that seemed to be the rebels, accompanied by Mr. Perfect's example of combining competitions, beautiful and intelligent yet to give birth, and eventually a little smart-aleck brother we see is common these days. Although I know personal characteristics pushes the story together, I think that adding more individual people apart from different distinctions would make it more enjoyable - and a trusted movie (like character). <br /> I need to lift my glasses for clothing and design design - which has made it worth ending up to the end for me. Do not make a mistake: all movies should be self-made, and the opinion of a person cannot count the opinion of many, but I think that for a little more detail on the script, and a little more (I can't believe I say this) the truth I'm afraid to escape from Atlantis can be magical.
