The main problem with the document "Czech Dream" is that it does not actually say what it thinks. <br /> In concern - I will try to use the word "inspired" - the action of the hallway, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two film filmmakers from the Czech Republic, withdrew the large hoax of the company to be the basis of their movie: for deliberate made a "hypermarket" of fraud (Eastern Europe like Costco or Wal Mart Super Store), has created a whole advertisement campaign around it - full of posters, radio and TV broadcasts, official logo, an interesting theme and fake pictures - and then waited around to see how many "dopes" will show his creation on the opening day. They even built an effective façade to convince people that the shop was there. One can ask, "Why such a thing?" Well, that is a very good question, but the answer of the film representatives is not all that satisfies. In fact, we are told that an amazing purpose was to show how easily people can be used to believe something - even something that is not true - only through advertising capabilities. And filmmakers create ethical insurance to claim that "real" (ie, above) the pastor's purpose is to convince the Czech people to fall all the advertising to encourage them to join the European Union. Well enough - especially when someone thinks that real advertisers agree to go along with the stunt argue against the false state of the customer, all the time to prove their co-operation with fraud by claiming that it is a form of "research" in what it does and does not work in advertising . In some ways, being allowed to be caught on the camera to make these comments, both men and women are many versions of film artists like poor people who do not know who are the primary purpose of ruse. But, in many ways, the satirical arrow is not just hitting its target goal, it's zero waiting to come close to filmmakers who have prepared. For they say it and not the most reliable and ordinary people who come to be as disloyal and uninformed here, while they continue to make fools from respectable people, some of them older and disabled and forced to travel long distances to reach spot. And what is needed to prove? People become "greedy" because they are going to the opening of new billboards seeking posters? Or are they fools and bothering because they do not know that there may be a real market even if one has been adopted? This caution requires the level of the scandal that will make it impossible to work in the real world. No, I am afraid of this smart-alecky, the worst "stunt" only confirms the full and the film employees are open to making some very good people feel like a partner. And, in fact many of them, when they finally discover the tricks that have been done on them, the answer to grace and good humor I do not know I will be able to win them to have their chance. I do not say that the film is not available - one thing to witness a major traffic accident in action - but, when the soil has been completed and all the desperate customers return-faced with red and handsless homes, we can declare safe that not who should be ashamed.
