As many people were surprised when I heard the idea of ​​this film, especially "filmmakers were then" something that the case seems to insist, what and the image on the film cover are being driven by angry people. Then, to watch the film and discover, oh, what they mean by "filmmakers were beaten" were other children who stoned stones and the number of people complained loudly and said "Someone should beat these children." "The top on the lid," expelling "as it was? Total manufacture. Which I think the relationship with the theme of the film, lies and destruction to meet the useless, ignorant and more expensive children and then they feel. I don't know what a realistic viewer should take away from this film. It's like Michael Moore "Roger & Me", but like "Roger & Me" was Moore to ridicule the people of Flint. It is quite the opposite and not quite. Wow! Would you believe that people who suffered under the Communist day will be very excited to have enough food markets? What jerks! And not much, "Look at the effects of humanity and western blah blah blah", as it was not just that their fake market had the same price for competitors, that, like most people in the film say, the price was very low , someone explains that they should know that it was fake for how much they were using ducks. That is not to prove anything but that people who are poor, will go to a low-price shop, fellas of bravo, a way to connect with people down. The way to play stupid ignorance on older people. You should be very proud. Is it for your next movie you make reference to Iraq and show how people there will be really excited to the house without holes in the walls and then, say, "HAHA! THE RIGHT HERE IN! LIED TO BY MEDIA!" br>> <br /> Morgan "Please like me" Spurlock has provided this fart of the film's film and is not surprising since Spurlock as One Hit Wonder the great document of the world seems to give us its weight behind any idea of ​​shouting an important stay in the world you don't need it. Avoid as a blow.
