When I saw this film I heard all the sounds, and I heard how people said that Denzel deserved Oscar as well as his Golden Globe and I believed that he should have done a good job based on Kevin Spacey's best. I was wrong. I realize that people say this is not in the anger of the African African community (not African Americans themselves). I always hear complaints about how African Americans have never been appointed and how they should win. Sometimes this is true (not as it is today) because Whoppi Goldberg should win the best actors for The Color Purple and movie should win the best image. The only reason for this film was so bad, because people see the film about trouble (* SEMI-SPOILER *) of Africa Africa during the apartheid period and they are automatically marked as a hub. br> Denzel Washington is an excellent actor, but his role in this film did not affect anything. I was exhausted with him in the movies, and his acting here was similar to his role Malcolm X but not good. The audience should leave to believe this person, Rubin Carter, is holy. The people left the movie to worship this man, this hero, and they went and bought his book, making a brave man. <br /> * SPOILERS * This movie describes the story of a man who spent most of his life in prison especially for the wrongs he did not do. In fact the crimes he committed (stealing exactly) was simply living, nothing more. People felt sorry for him, although drug traffickers and thieves may go up for the same reason but they have been seen below in society. Everything in this movie tries to show this person as a saint (except for the honest loyalty he had with his wife and aggression showed someone else when he met his wife) but why not after all, it's his position. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood versions) that depend on the "true" stories because they mislead the "true" parts of something else, a false thing. This was his view and construction of Hollywood, but everyone believed it to be the truth. Yes, I looked a little bit before making any ideas, and he was a very powerful man. Not only, it is still possible that he killed those people. If you don't believe me, find it on the Internet, and read the articles that others have. The match boxes that he claimed to have won easily, was actually conquered by his opponent Joey Giardello and there is a tape to prove. In addition, there are many distorted and purposeful features left in this film. Support was the most beautiful people I have ever seen on the face of the Earth with their "good and perfect persona" seemed to be difficult to develop. This game was a Hollywood version of another unfortunate story of the story that has remained to be told to tell the truth. Denzel's work is stale, and the Mickey Mouse championship view is irritating. The movie also begins very slowly paced and is boring.
