I have this film out of the library right now and I've never watched it. It's too bad to miss. Audrey Hepburn had completely lost his talent at the time, though he was pretty much finishing with 'Robin and Marian.' This is the worst thing about this amazing stupid film. It is only true of interest because it was his last film film and because of the appearance of Dorothy Stratten before his assassination. <br /> <br /> Nothing idiocy between Gazzara and its murder. A small sign with a little bows and strikes for a real screwball comedy which is a shadow of despair, shade. Who can believe that there is a certain area of ​​Manhattan that Hepburn sits to magically and even mythically in 'Breakfast in Tiffany' twenty years earlier? The songs of the ancient Sinatra songs and Gershwin songs which are being taken are too big and obvious - surely they should not wait for the credit to know that something that has been given to the music cine music to know when songs were hit by you. <br /> <br /> 'Turning back' means to go back and go back, I think. In this case, the European woman of Audrey Hepburn is everyone who sees a man who was always an actor and star constantly. Here he lost his talent as a star. If the person whose talent continued to grow at that time, as Ann-Margret, had a role, it would have a certain life in it, even given a bad situation with the Mongoloid level. Hepburn was a good man, of course, greater than many film stars that they liked to be, and once he was one of the most prestigious and beautiful characters of the film. After this horrible performance, he continued to make a television film with Robert Wagner called 'Love Among Thieves.' In 'All agreed' is as if he still plays it in his 50 years. Even many toys and intellectual characters who insisted on doing so as Lana Turner were more effective than Hepburn. Turner worked hard even when it was bad. Hepburn does not focus entirely, can not be in trouble; even her hair and clothes seem tacky. His ultimate work was in two 'roads,' maybe he is more complete, if it may not be the best in many ways. And the girl who plays the country's music is just sick. John Ritter is bad, nothing to recommend this film except to see Dorothy Stratten, who was very good. Otherwise, striker David Thomson who is used to 'lose his talent' has never been more impressed. Ben Gazarra has lost a sexual appeal at the time, and so we have 2 films and Gazarra and Hepburn - who can ask anything down? Sandra Dee's last player, who lost the film 'Lost,' from 2 years later, nothing less than the budget, had more than this. Of course Mrs Dee said in her own voice; in 1981, Audrey Hepburn's impression was only seen as a desolation; he could continue to do the PBS gardens of the World and Audrey Hepburn 'and there is a very impressive feeling when he passes through English gardens and gentlemen or waxes effectively on' what I like most is when flowers come back to nature! 'as in the natural daffodils, but in a real fiction movie, he just seems to be ignorant. Thinking that 'dinner at Tiffany' was a very unpleasant thing for Audrey Hepburn one of the most beautiful women in the world - was certainly one of the best screening attractions in 'My Righteous Mother', matching Garbo in several things with Delphine Seyrig at 'Last Year in Marienbad.' And then this! And her last short role as an angel 'Hap' in Spielberg's 'always' film was a lot more than women's - corny, witless and stifling. I went to his memorial service during the fifth Presbyterian Avenue Church, a good service that consisted of boys singing singing 'Shaker' A Simple Gift. The only thing listed in the program is the play of the Hepburn River's “Heli's River” on a hot escape in 'Tiffany's mouth,' and this brought a lot of emotions and tears out of the congregation. A beautiful woman who was once a good actor (like in the 'Nun' Story) and one of the most beautiful and most popular films in 50 to 60 years of films that have been very bad - not all that's normal. And maybe it is a very good person who, by doing things like a non-trivial film, however has a mental scope that you want to have wrongly explained it - all of its late films had a lot. Most discussions about the miscasting of Hepburn are about 'Good Woman.' But the one who was supposed to have an original actor in it was 'Waiting until Dark,' which had star Lee Remick in Broadway. Never like a celebration like Hepburn, he was an excellent actor in many ways (Hepburn was not able to play anything really sordid), although Hepburn was at least enough in that part. After that, all his acting decreased.
