I don't know why, but I thought I saw this movie before. Maybe it was a name, maybe it was a way to look, I don't know. However, it was quite a promise at the beginning. And even in the whole element there was a short time. Maybe it's because I'm not a big fan of fear, and I don't look at them a lot, but this seems to look sometimes. But all others are not very good. Laughable from time to time. The movie is slowly paced, sometimes you get so bored you could forget what stories about. The characters don't like either. All. Butcher is the same, it seems to be interesting and enough. Although I did not have a good look at his chest (the area has just been fake and out of blue), and why was he collecting those inside the jars at home? The main guide is clear. His character is very hard to believe, and it is not very planted. But I think that the scenarists wrong. Why did she cry when she was taking pictures of her boyfriend? Side side is also bad. But the main thing I hated in this film is a girl. My God, when do women in horrible movies have any intelligence? It's ridiculous. The girl finds that maniac took male cameras, trying to go to the police, which fails, and then thinks the best idea ever. Why don't we just go and take! I know where the maniac lives! Yes! That finds! And then look at the camera in the bathroom! Why not? Then walk in the room, look at the bag that was not in the past, and look inside. Maybe the camera is there? Not then. But many interesting things. White. Mmmm. To realize that the fund means that the butcher is back is very difficult for his little brain. Then of course it is not the end "fall during the flight" trick, which actually has made it look bad. Then, put the last nail into the character, at the end of the movie, he enters the full car with embroidered bodies, says "Noooo" as he just stirred his Gucci bag, and goes further on the car. .. Jeez. Come. No one else thinks that right, well, is ignorant? Just bad. If his behavior wasn't too bad, maybe the movie could get a star or two from me. I would have to forgive the MMT characters who could take a hit in the head with a metal hammer (that dude in the train that the conductor killed), vest vests that can protect you from shooting, weird and cheap look at monsters at the end (i didn 's read novels Clive Barkers, so I do not know where these creatures came from), the fact that no one cares that hundreds (judging on the bones in the shaft) were lost in the city, and the main character that had no blood death when he got his tongue (he thought I think I think). O, and the end of prediction. Damn, I knew half of the semi-half, just discouraging. The only reason I continue to lend to the creators, is that the movie generally looks much better than many threats I have watched a few months ago. The exhibition style is good, some shots were very beautiful and beautiful CGI which made the killings seem truly cruel. (although the blood was not quite visible) I think some people will enjoy it, others, like me, will look at it if there is nothing else to look at, others will love it completely.
