I have heard a lot about this film, and people write to tell me I must see, for I am a fan of many bloody movies, gory. I got my hands almost once, but one or another thing always kept me looking at it - so far. I would be better off without remembering I even had it. <br /> <br /> This movie was angry. The worst thing is that it could be better than it was. I know it was the story of Clive Barker and all, and I haven't read the story - but it seems to me that if you never have, as I was, I have a clueless and totally disappointed. <Br /> <br /> The movie begins enough - actors persuade, a fascinating story. The first part is the blood-way to consider. I thought the blood appeared to be very bad, but when I saw it was the very first ear I had hoped to improve later. I was wrong. The treatment and the effects are very traumatic, it was the dislike of my mind being expected to believe that, for example, one can hit someone's head on his shoulders using only a hammer. WTF? CGI's blood (did they even use any real blood? My made things seem better than any used in this film!), Unbelievable acts of despair (eye eye coming out to get hit back to head; good refusal - no someone to remember there are all the BONES around our bodies?!), also the dark events (each area is either yellow-yellow, or hidden shades) ... it gets worse and worse. I found myself speaking wrong after the mistake. There is so much. Add it to the fact that what can and should be a great movie of the serial killer returns to the demon / casual movie / monster end ... no thank you! It should be considered as a boy who denies people from the village-OK, for the theory of the conspiracy made by the photographer. Maybe they kill people and sell meat through the meat plant? Plausible, doable ... and better than I think than the "real" story. That may be and should work. Instead it became "living beings at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows about it but you, and unless you read a book, well ... you can never understand" fiasco. Fears, it is a very bad thing to do with a similar movie. If you love blood and blood, you will love this. But if you have half of your brain, then you will hate it completely. Stay away, away.
