As a good advertising to the Republic as you can see, "Mayerling" is a daily story of the royal people at the end of the nineteenth century Austria. , his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Mr Omar Sharif) Prodress (Miss Ava Gardner) and various criminals, secret fighters, spies, fighters, soldiers, girls, rebels, soldiers, swans, horses and an amazing network of European kings at the time of the French Franz Joseph Austro-Hungarian. Translated by what the old film posters used to call "Color Logo" is not worth anything more than the hardest and specially designed and mentored "Student Student". James Mason, wearing a white white number, uses his mittel-European position whenever he remembers. I am very grateful for her and I truly believe that the salary was the same as the difficulty she felt for the behavior she played. Mr Omar Sharif, who built a lot of work by focusing directly on the camera with his color colored brown color and looking at the soul, provides a very good performance as his Chief King of the Crown. He feels quite like someone in the movie at least-cutting swathe through the far-off aristocracy Austrian. For his well buttered stable locks he preens and provides in uniform more likely possibilities. If the rebels talk a conversation but clearly fails to walk around, leaving the bottom button mentioned on one single string is far away and its lack is going. "Love Has Ended" is one of the movies to come. For she is stirred by Miss Catherine's most commonly Deneuve she has pushed the envelope there.Miss Deneuve has a profile of dying and we see a lot of it, especially in a set of ballet. Now I like ballet as a second person, but this sequence seems to go on for a long time, a more stupid critic can be seen as "padding". Rudolf's mother, Empress is played by Miss Ava Gardner.She offers an old part of America's oooomph, it makes her as "Mame", but it has been made with an unsuspecting style.Rudolf is very sure to love her mother - I can't put it again. that. The only performance of Mr James Robertson Justice is as Sir Lancelot Spratt - sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. He is very strange to worry about everything around him is happy to see. I sought him free by asking Rudolf the question of immortality "What during blood?". I am not qualified to resist the “correctness” of the Mayerling history, but, in my opinion, everything else about it appears. It is Opera's Ruritania Ripitania without tunes to take you from home to the hall phone.
