Is this Kim Ki Duk who led the testimony of "Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter and Spring"? Kim Ki Duk who led the practice, close to the desire to breathe "3 Iron"? Kim Ki Duk who was shocked by the tragedy of the "Coast District" and made us worry about the unhealthy sexual immorality of the teenager before returning to its original copyright nature to allow us all (characters and viewers alike) to get redemption in "The Samaritan Girl"? I can't just see it on this film. Oh, sure, Kim's original motif still exists. The film is performed on a lake surrounded by mountains and on fishing grounds resides in a quiet water area. Yes, it's Kim Ki Duk, right. Kim even describes the film as "good" in the interviews included in special DVD content. But I don't know what it means after looking at this testimony of the setrescent. What is best about angry, potent-mouthed, greedy fishermen, violent and alcoholic, greedy gray-haired, obviously abusing animals, the self-regulation and speed that triggers the destruction of immorality and vanity intellectual? These are the only humanities that appear in this horrible film and ultimately useless. If it is the basis of the story or the symbolic or symbolic meaning of something greater, this inspector does not know the source material. It has been good compared to the "Inspection" by Japanese Takashi Miike director (volume of satisfaction Kim), but apart from the amazing performances, especially from what they have worked, and leading managers Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, I see a little reason to suggest This film. I have not seen "Inspection," but I doubt it would change in any way my opinion about "Isle." Its violence is pornografia and it does not mean sad. Her sex is not sex, but it does not love her eyes. The characters make a sense of despair because there is no plot. His quote is either missing or I will accept, lost in the traditional Korean quirks that I cannot understand. The only beauty is in the cinema, which is Kim's romantic: a boat with a delicate fog in the serene ocean, the background of the mountainous background, and the use of color and dancing. Sometimes it looks like the audience is locked in Kim Ki Duk's large room. Some touch, like a secret and deceptive merchant who played with Jung and the wonderful use of a motorcycle, it's amazing. But if the film, this effort is very confused and, ultimately, irritating to the emotions, it is not necessary for emotions. One hopes that Kim will remove this kind of film making in the old garbage pot, because we know he has more power.
