Let me begin by saying that I would like to read a number of reviews before renting this film and a kind of knowing what to expect. However, I was amazed at how bad it was. <br /> <br /> I am a great fan of waswolf, and I've had a lot of forgiveness for a single look. Many of them have less minor side effects, bad acting, and fragile stories (better from previous films). So far, with the possibility of the possibility of some "future" films, this is the worst. <br /> <br /> First, stories. It has been quoted several times on this site, so I'm not going to log in. However, it is very clear that the author (s) did not have any connection with the monks of lycanthropic. As often happens when a horrible film is given to a reporter who considers himself to be "high" of that price, they tried to come up with a new spin on mythos's wastholf. That's good, but a fearless fan trying to do so generally has rejected the mind and knowledge of the audience with fear and ended up writing. The program feels like the act of waswolf films, and events that show only the ring that lies that I heard my mind had been criticized. Video television news, for example, never has a pans away from the author next to one person in the crowd behind them. Providing characters and viewers credit to be able to see a bad person in the area without using the flash signal of neon. And that's the tip of the ice. <br /> <br /> As for the effect, I have never seen waswolf less reliable. I would be more happy with Lon Chaney Jr. in the crepe hair. Their animals used to look very much like ... well, as a boy in a cheap rubber suit and glued hair with some really bad animatronics. And, I know that many people have already criticized the CG, but my God was bad. One part shows a woman to change, and begins with the perfect version of the CG actress, nude but for some reason without underwear. My first thought was, "hey, why is one of the characters from 'ReBoot' who turns out to be a wolf's looking silly?" However, I would like to look good in any film, and there were few. The movie's movie was changed (the film was each digital, which is interesting) and some displays were not scary. It was also interesting to see Tippi Hedron as the most beautiful woman of the world, and Kane Hodder as a bad man. Also, the Yellow Power Plan was both growing and ... well, damn. And if you are looking for skin, there are some very good examples. This ends part of the male pig review. Overall, if you want a goodwill of a goodwolf, try the "Waswolf of the United States in London", previously "The Howling", "Dogs", or even "Wolfen" (although a man has more dog wild than they were). If you are a full lycanthrope, then take a gander. Otherwise, do this.
