Recap: full moon. The creature, the great hero, is on the hunt. Not for meat, not for blood (not that it seems to be willing to take a bite on the way though), but for a partner. She is on the hunt for the girl. Not any girl though. Girl. A clean girl (and also a wolf, although she doesn't know yet). Third, look good that the two soldiers (after the first area) and the old woman bag is everything that can stop, or even know that something to kill and eat most people around the full month is waswolf. This powerful waswolf, Darkwolf, is shut into the girl. If he finds him, people are punished. Now the fighters should look for a girl, not only to say that there is someone, they were not yet, who wants to ask her, and maybe kill her, but that she is a wolf herself. And they should stop him ... <br /> <br /> Comments: This is one for boys, young boys. Many events with half of the most ignorant or low-half girls for the plot. Many down. Well I think you need something to fill time because the plot is (expected) thin. And unfortunately there is a little more of the girls helping the plot to break. One usually turns on two main themes. Usivu. See. And then special effects. Hmm ... Well there are some things that can be called with effects. They are not very special though. In fact, being clear, it is very serious. Movie seems to be facing a lack of money. They could not afford clothes for some girls;), and the effects are cheaper. Some changes between the type of waswolf and humanity, definitely done with the computer, are very bad. You can stop these things. But the dark wolf itself is too bad, and you can never see any killing. Just some mutilated corpses later. And there is surprisingly little blood on, in a movie that honestly should sink in the blood. I don't know what to say about actors and characters. Many times they do well, but unfortunately there are buttons (or executives) who leave it. Few of these lapses can be connected to the problems mentioned above. As a bad effect, or bad budget (?). That could explain why there is a small value of ammunition, even if the characters have weapons like a small army and the goal is clearly visible (and not moving). But hey, when you are in real danger, nothing will save your life as a good building ... <br /> <br /> Unfortunately this can't explain when when Cop, Steve, the only person who knows how to cope , waswolf which is, runs, when the only things he can be sure, is that thewwolf comes to the girl, who is close to him now, and that he can't let him have. But, of course, let the creators make a little more ... But I do not remember that no characters / leading actors are trying again in another film. <br /> <br> well. In order to give a little conclusion: It's not a film I recommend. <br /> <br /> 3/10
