Hip. Feelings. Wickedly sexy ... nothing. It's "Terminator" and waswolves. <br /> <br /> No, for weight. The caterpillar saves the girl (waitress!) From the big monster and calls herself as her 'guardian'. The leading actor Ryan Alosio is doing a good job of stimulating Kyle Reese ... there is a murder in the precinct police ... a bad man is a muscle and red eyes ... and even has a conversation line "You've said yourself, can never stop. A bad script comes from the first screenwriter who, thank God, has not filled anything since this, and all of it is thrown out with the bad director Richard Friedman. <br /> <br /> Movie opens on line bar (always good signals) ), and the biker boy who appears to be happy because there is no reason, is followed by three soldiers. One of them is black, and (frightening fear!) He is the one who is killed in the first five minutes. and a good order of action, before going around and at the end of the end. <br /> <br /> For the most part, cast comes as competent actors who do what they can with a bad script and a director who likes to stay i. If nothing else seems to be learning how to act in this film with the Afghans, as well as some cures, it shows signs of talent. DarkWolf in its humanity is played by gargantuan Kane Hodder - famous for many of his photos of Jason Vorhees in '13' Movie Friday. He is well-respected, especially considering that he has not been used to speak roles. It has become popular among young youth young horny young people in the lesbian area between Andrea Bogart and Sasha Williams, who finds her unit several times in the great 'Power Rangers' characters of the former characters. '. And it is unclear that the editor spent so much time in the area ... however, the main feature of redemption is that the effects of the physical waswolf are good, and the structure of the wolf is not so bad. But CGI is bad. It's very bad. I have a great meaning, if you can't reach a certain level of originality - why are you bothering? Just give us a little more money in make-up! In addition to the awesome script, this film has time, which a lot of it does not want to funny. It's good to laugh if you don't have anything better to do, but don't spend any money on it. Please.
