DarkWolf tells the story of a young girl named Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who was leading a normal life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) was killed by Werewolf, you see Werewolves actually in the modern American day and there is even a special organization within the police to fight the threat of Werewolf led by Detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio) who has a hard work to tell Josie that he is actually the blood of the Waswolf himself & that so-called 'Dark Dark' Werewolf (Kane Hodder) wants to share him and create a new reproduction Waswolves fresh blood that will take the whole world, or something like that. For Josie has a hard time believing, that's until she gets a testimony with her own eyes. It was about the warriors of Werewolf Steve to save Josie, the day and the world ... Co-produced and directed Richard Friedman I thought DarkWolf was a very good budget made on a digital camera camera camera that did nothing to me. Script by Geoffrey Alan Holliday begins to be confident enough to be in a strip club with a lot of naked breast on the show & then there was a Werewolf attack which fills a person to lose everywhere but after a good sequence of pretty good is pretty much down the hill along the way. ' m scared. At first it is slow to go, it's lighter, predictable and swallowed by desperate people who come out of bad conversation and do stupid things if they have a chance to beat a wwolf do not, I don't know why they prefer to stand there instead. Script is dumb & does not describe itself, why Josie never turned into Werewolf before? Is he the only one? Why are these "darkness of darkness" not able to find another female Walewolf? There is also a lot of things that make little or no sense as an old book that hard seems very important but then forget about a half way through but you get an idea however, generally the film plods together in a very linear fashion damage climate who cannot predict telling at least. <br /> <br /> Director Friedman opens the film very well with a neon sharp but this looks new or natural & does not really improve the film as a concert. Now let's suppose special effects or suppose their lack because the effects in DarkWolf are far from special, the Werewolf changes are available using CGI and are among the most obvious CGI I have ever seen, effectively Playstation would be embarrassed about these computer graphics. It is easy to change the evil of the Wayawolf which I have ever seen, the American Werewolf in London (1981) was released over the past 25 years but special effects in it are actually years-light in front of those who are seen in DarkWolf, who says special effects improved over the years? The fake side of the puppet is not much better either though at least there is something psychological on the screen. Gore is not too high after opening gory kill there are some blood splatter & a lot of dead bodies but not more. That is the right amount of female sexuality if it is your thing but it is not found excited because you still have to sit through a horrible film to see it, is it really worth it? <br /> <br /> Technical DarkWolf is the same as far from the possibility of the worst impact of CGI forever, it is for good reason made & is at least seems to have the production values. Work is what you could expect real. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is still the lowest piece of the film's crap of the crap of the fabric store shelf and connecting the schedule of the broad-based television stations, I didn't think it was bad as others but it's like say to go to the dentist is more fun than going to funeral though all the time said & done all the bad yet ...
