"Nacho Libre" (2006) <br /> <br /> Starred by: Jared Hess <br /> Starter: Jack Black, Ana de la Reguera, Héctor Jiménez, & Darius Rose MPAA Test: "PG-13" (for some of the worst measures, and unsatisfactory humiliation including discussion) What do you do about it (I know people who despise the end), but I've thought that "Napoleon Dynamite" was an amazing movie - not the most brick bricks on the wall, but it's a wonderful movie, however. Jack Black is also a very good man - always irritated, yes, and largely standing with a young audience who worships him, but it's funny. She has never been a Jack Black player that I didn't enjoy at some point. So, I was thrilled to hear that Jared Hess, the author and director of "Napoleon Dynamite", and Jack Black would be sharing with a film about a Spanish girl who wrestler to save orphans. My only saving is that the program seemed too thin. Unfortunately, my one reserve turned out to be dropped to the entire movie. This program, if done like a skit on such a show as "Saturday Night Live" or maybe even "Mad TV", would work without permanent. Unfortunately, the plot runs very thin over an hour and a half to run while running with this one-joke comedy located flat. She was raised in the monastery of Mexico and became a faithful man of the Lord. Feeling with the whole monastery, Nacho (Black), now a nun cook, decides to follow his dreams to become a professional wrestler. As monks' money goes down all the time, Nacho decides to join the contest to win the prize money and provide good food for children without shelter. This plan seems to be sweet and caring. It looks like a perfect movie for Jack Black. See what he did with the "Rock School" after all. In fact, in my anger, this plot is very close to the awful and unpleasant humor that takes away from the heart of the movie. It's no longer a Hollywood way to show that they feel that the young audience will only understand the fart joke and stupid humor? Of course, for all I know, maybe that's the idea of ​​young people, as many have enjoyed this movie. Looking at a very old woman like a mouse on an apartment certainly laughs at people, but don't wait to get a reward for putting it on your film. A seven-year-old child can make a joke. <br /> <br /> Displays in "Nacho Libre" are really good. Black Jack proves again that he is quite hilarious and that he can make even more idiotic, meaningless lines in ever put comical paper. Unfortunately, this film was not enough for him. It did not give you anything to go on and the only reason for its joke function was because of it. I have never seen or heard of Ana de la Reguera before, but now I can say that, not only is she talented, but it is also one of the most beautiful women who have ever loved my eyes. He just exceeded the role and performed very well. Héctor Jiménez, who plays Nacho's partner who shouted, Esqueleto, made me laughing continuously. He did a very good job and was very effective when you agreed with Jack Black's. Darius Rose, who plays an orphan named Chancho, did not have many lines, but, what can I say, I just enjoyed it. He had a delightful. Others were beaten to work. It is unfortunate that they were lost on a small film. "Nacho Libre" does not work. His plan is very far away. The heart of all is deception and moronic humor and the joke of the disease that does not work. I rarely laughed and, if I did, it's because of Jack Black or another member of the cast. And that leads me to the bright side of "Nacho Libre": yes, cast. What was sold was just fine, with no good word, they were going on. All clicked, they had the best chemistry together, and they beat as much life as possible on a flat script. After Jared Hess "Napoleon Dynamite" kept quite well for the fullness of the film, I was surprised to find myself often bored with "Nacho Libre". Something lost here and I didn't understand what it is. Note I know is that "Nacho Libre" is not a good movie and yet, because of the cast, it is completely useless. There's a little reason to look, just like to look at Jack Black work. But, if you're not a fan of Jack Black, then avoid this film as a blow. I love Black, but I have been made with this film and in this opinion. <br /> <br /> Last thoughts: Yikes! This is Jared Hess's amazing track-up for its hysterical "Napoleon Dynamite". <br /> <br /> Total Rating: 4/10 (C +)
