This film excuse reminds me of a lot of what I heard about "Gigli", which Ben and Jen flop earlier this Summer. "The process" was altered to an unprecedented level of events, rather than creating an inclusive and stimulating film, it seemed to be a compilation of a series of connections that did not make a little in front of the singular form. Now, I am a fan of Heath Ledger ("The 10 Things I hate About You", "The Tale of Knight" and especially its role to help in the "Monster Ball"), but my son needs to get a good agent. Continue to accept the scriptures as "Order" and "Four Brothers" and will be on the fast track of the film. Here are the problems I have with the film. First, the Director attempted to make a deficit of his conspiracy to establish two lines of conspiracy that seemed to have nothing to do, well, nothing. The traders involving the Americans tried to take the Vatican and the Pope of Darkness, at a favorable moment, they did nothing to reveal to any viewer about the main characters. The attempts to integrate these fibers together were sad. Secondly, please do not come to the view of the viewer by inserting in the films that are open. We were doing the things of the angst, manufactured and more sexually manufactured sex that was seen as a page out of "Matrix Reloaded" and skull-numbing techno music. Instead of promoting behavior, these things were seen as cheap materials that were, a half-hearted attempt to put young seekers in seats. Third, and most importantly, this movie seemed to be uncomfortable. We have a scandal, we have a religion and we have the power to play. Why then do we learn anything about anyone's history? We learn a little about Alex, but he even offers a passion for the priesthood to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during a bad time some time ago. And Alex is more developed, if you can call it, a character in the entire film. <br /> <br /> As a cliche goes these days, if you see one film this year, make sure it isn't this. There are ten minutes of interesting out of 101 minutes of failure. The only thing that healed me was going with a girl I am very happy. About 1 out of 10. I'm broken. Close this honestly without paying but you hit it on further editing and bad leadership-. Heath my man, going back to the Monster Ball Market. They are actually introducing you.
