The command begins in Rome where the head of specialist priests who use ghosts and demons called Brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti) appears dead, cut off to New York City where one of his orders Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger) has contacted high-quality Cardinal Driscoll (Peter) Weller who asks him to investigate the incredible state of Dominic death. Together with his partner Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and his fellow priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy) Alex goes to Italy to describe the death of his counselor, as it really begins to appear that Dominic was a 'Sin Eater' person who got some sin and lived with their burden that they might die in peace and that the Church was not happy about its activities. Alex must do what is right even if it contradicts what he believes ... Also know under the Food Food Production of Germany's food production, produced by the Bian Helgeland & didn 't really do it for me if I am honest & I usually are, honest that it is. However it allows you to start with a clash of script which has precise but predictable, very gentle and interesting, timely and sometimes quiet moments and takes it very seriously. The whole concept is a daft & when it thinks it is clever and oh so losing a delightful end that connects everything & brings a full story circle I thought it was more open and lazy way to finish things. There is a common religious theme here, values, sins, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, blah you know what kind of thing. Then there are obstacles that are not hard to see, there is abuse of power and supporters of high rank, corruption, lust, evil, etc.. You know the kind of clichéd Hollywood ideas & themes that are used every time they meet with the Church. The command does not have something new to say and as a large piece of filming that is looking for, a lot. I do not know who the same command means to appeal to, as a fan of the worst fears, I had no fear in this, if the excitement is less exciting, if the mystery is very predictable and there is nothing here to hold or maintain interests for some reason I can't see the IMDb also lists the sequence as a film of action which is amazing as it is exciting & saturated as a part of the average Sesame Street (1969 - now), it's perhaps maybe but what I think ... <br> /> <br /> Helgeland director works fine, the film seems to have a very smooth lighting program and all looks a little fabric, gray and wrong. For a thought-provoking film is very light on horrible or horrible things, in fact no one of either far from two evil children who can turn into a group of birds for no apparent reason, do not ask. Forget about any year or violence if nothing is good but it would have helped at least to make the command appear. According to the IMD's Trivia's release date of the Order was returned so that some special effects may be improved because they seemed unfortunate funny, all I can say is to judge for the finished film effects should be very bad to start with because they are not very brilliant as they stand now. <br /> <br /> I was surprised to see that To order with a budget of $ 28,000,000 which is hell for a lot of money & I can't see where all went away with the set & design of production which is good. The entire film looks & feels very moderate and completely forget. Acting is the same though an angry boy seems to be some kind of comic-mouthed aid offensive, such good practices as Peter Weller deserves more than this. Sinin's dinner is not so important, he misses all the targets and proverbial miles if I'm worried & it's a very good way to lose 100 minutes of your extraordinary life so don't do it! Not recommended.
