In the early days of the Catholic Church, the singer was an individual who, through worship, could take on the sins of someone who died on his own. Often, these people were going away or the same people in which the church would not be a failure, and therefore rejected them into Heaven. Sinners of sin seemed to despise, hinder the chruch monopoly on redemption. This little sex with some unusual mojo, let's fancy a walk where it can, and you have a "Order", a movie that combines "Stigmata" of anti-authoritative religion, "X-Files" 'paranormal investigation, and "Birds of Thou"' The spiritual sex in a strange situation that sometimes works. Alex (Heath Ledger) is the high priest, one of the last members of the Carolingians Order, half-way to find knowledge, to fight with demons. When Alex's counselor appears to be dead under the extraordinary circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Tagging together is Thomas Thomas's partner (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman), who were under one of Alex's previous year's withdrawal. The three go to Rome to explore and get into the dark condition of the incredible Catholic revolt, horrible prophecy, demonic worries, and the man claiming to be the Sin-Eater (Benno Furmann) last. It is written and led by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same principals on the scattershot and half of the heart "A Knight's Tale"), the film is unusual, and hard to do. It wants to be a few things at once - an odd, exciting religious, massive television show - and sometimes succeed for any of them. This has not been helped by slow speed or the fact that many of the actors seem to be sleeping through their exhibitions and frequent burst of transparency. The rock, in particular, has an incredible area of ​​despair in another monochromatic performance. Sossman, however, demonstrated the removable performance that is provided in all his films (especially in the "Principles of Attraction"). and every arc with its red ring. The major barriers to the story seem to be lost among other events, which may be a concern for many, but this is also one of the features of the film saving. The film structure - with the fact that there is no clear opponent even at the end of the film - causes the viewer to analyze and think when most films are exposed to everything (except this is history history on Carolingians and practice eating, both are described in dry show). Even at the beginning of the film, behavioral and historical relationships are defined rather than explained. Include this with a new-re-dialing and good use of special effects, and you have an old world of unusual size, and even an opening credit reminds you of something from the late 70 / early 80s. Briefly mention here, too, for the trick and organic symbols by David Torn, a mix of small music tracks and the voice of Lisa Gerrard's foreign. Very good score which is evocative without being bombastic and exists in very simplicity fraud. <br /> <br /> The plot of confusion, lack of purpose, and sometimes the sleepy show often damn movie, but for some reason, "Command" remains to be seen. Many people will be removed by the movie for their unusual feelings, and others may even be angry that they are forced to take on the functions of their brain to understand. Still, the film destruction cannot prevent a significant or business achievement until the DVD, which I'm sure will be available for a large amount of deleted events. Recommended film for people who like to think when they are watching. 6 out of 10.
