This movie was worse than belief. I saw it during the San Francisco film festival in 2004. Before the start, the hall owner stood up and told us how half of the audience left the memorial night, which was "his first world." I don't think anyone in the theater understood how the movie was bad at the time. We all understood the end. It is not a text document though it was kind of sold as one. The angel of darkness was a bad biography and a ritual caused by Bettie Paige, which half the movie is really just remakes old past Bettie Paige. The movie is only 90 minutes long and the content of those 90 minutes is a small par to say a bit. The area begins to start then someone could say "wow you are a great Bettie, why we don't make another film." this would be followed by a 5-minute remake of Bettie Paige which was almost as ridiculous as (and even more boring than the usual part of the movie). and the end of the film people were laughing all the time sometimes the movie movie remake remake came. It was an unpleasant thing. I heard a lot of laughter in the memorial, but people were not laughing with the film manufacturer, they were laughing on the film with its inferior content and structure. It was easy to say if the pieces that could laugh more were the ones that had to be bad or revelations. <br /> <br /> I know movies are expensive. I have seen many of the cheap films, but somehow the movie and the quality of this movie put it away from anything else I saw. Movie looks like it was made for $ 12. Reduced, grain, and lack of physical conspiracy made this thing memorable. This movie makes "Dude, where is my car?" look like Kane of Men. My brothers and I left the venue of the venue as we paid only 8 dollars to suffer. The only part of the experience of the experience was that we had to laugh about the fact that someone had made this film and think it was good. It seems, last night, on the eve of "the beginning of the world" the director / writer / writer was in the audience and had found people preaching and walking on his movie. Bettie Paige movies were destroyed. They should destroy this movie too.
