One of the most expensive mining environment is the pollution of river rivers, rivers and lakes with extra capsules and toxins. One of the worst examples in the 19th century USA's great river sand was caused by the mining of gold-bearing mountains of the Sacramento Valley in the 1850s to early 1880s. , causing the cleaning material, where gold could be separated from gravel and sediment. The shade was collected in a ditch or stream and many found its way to the Sacramento River or its livestock. The shadows in the river bed increased the possibility of flooding in agricultural areas and suburbs and creating permanent reservoirs in other areas. Some of the sediment has run away on farms, where it can cover crops that are standing or covering the most suitable soil or making hard farming. Thus, the diverse interests of companies that used mineral and mining farmers were affected by these activities are the 1938 film which is close to Warner. First, we can ask why Caution. he decided to beat this film in the very poor Technicolor, the most common treatment in 1938. Stories about wheat farmers and gold miners will not seem to justify the cost and drawings of paintings at this time. The answer seems to be the time of the unfamiliar film used in the house, with the color of the colors and decorations. Then, we can ask why George Brent's colorless was chosen as the leading man and the last hero, attended by Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this film really needed a good man to lead. Even casual Gabby Hayes, in his small role, appeared to be a normal failure. Unfortunately, I slept before the last part of the film. The part I saw spent a lot of time establishing a tough set of relationships between many people at the expense of showing the baron pain of the selected wheat and perhaps the city's people near their attempts to deal with their floods and ash. It was needed to be more like "Good World", released just a year before. Perhaps then it would be appropriate for a charismatic leader, such as Errol Flynn. Finally, there is the question of the title of the inland. Indeed, an observer can come with an interesting or more appropriate title. "Gold or grain" is short and sure. Unfortunately, I understand there is still a lot of gold in their 'mountains', waiting for the removal of other means except hydraulic minerals.
