When the robot forces start attacking big cities, who will stop the madness behind the attack? Sky Captain !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan, Ace of skyways, coping with uninterrupted behavior with his ex-boyfriend, Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former aircraft partner, Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> Captain of the Sky and Future Earth can look and feel like an exciting film but in fact it's dull and takes place. The film time is 106 minutes but it feels long because there is nothing in this movie. The exhibition was great and the film did a good job on that. However, there is nothing to support these amazing pictures. The film has no stories and interesting characters that make the thing so bad and unwanted. I director and author of Kerry Conran. He focuses on pictures and spent a little time on real stories. The movie is like a girl without personality, after a while it gets bland and tired. Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl who has no personality. It's just another case of style on the substance. <br /> <br /> Acting is surprisingly average and not really their fault since they had very little to work with. The main reason I watched this film is because of Angelina Jolie. However, ads lose completely and he is in the film only for 30 minutes. His performance is amazing bland too. Jude Law offers good performance although you could expect more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just an average, nothing special. Ling Bai's performance was the only one I liked. He gives good performance as a wonderful woman and she is the only attractive character on the whole film. <br /> <br /> The movie is not perfect protection though. There were some "wow" and exciting events. There was not enough. The film does not have a hook so that it can be remembered. In fact it was quite bland and was not very involved. It is very bad that the film was not very good since it had the promised premise. Finally, the Captain of the Sky is amazing under average and not worth watching. Testing 4/10
