In short, this film is completely useless. The idea is to make a film from the perspective of what a person from the early 1900s can think about the future. The interesting idea, but the lack of compelling story or characters hinders us to strengthen their unbelief, then the idea decreases. <br /> <br /> It seems the whole movie was done by the executives in front of green screens and we should be surprised. But as a colored man, further strengthening there was a clear path to hiding a severe hard edge of the blade and green investigation. The color is very bright without the effect unless it is to reduce the quality of sight. And I don't understand why anyone can think of anything found in this film to be any way to break the ground. If anything, retrograde photographs have been reduced to very bad drawings - they are not even available in the old Jurassic Park pictures. Examples of robots were simple, clear and uncertain. There was a group of weirdo-like animal animals on the island, but they do not explain in any way. The story is worse than belief. In fact I can't believe I wasn't just walking out of this film. The relationship between Polly and Joe unmotivated, and in every movie is the basis of trust and deception. Why is the behavior of Morris Paley even there? We can't be sure that Joe is a hero - I mean he jumps the plane, and saves one person (Polly) for personal reasons. Well there is a great hero for you. Dex has a limited time screens, why should we care about Joe wants to save him? Who is Nepalease who locked Joe and Polly into a mine, and why would they do it (remember that the entire operation of Totenkopf was robotic)? Plot holes: (1) Why the character of Bai Ling (a great fall from his best character in the "Crow") leaving robots who seized Joe? They were looking for sticks, and they didn't find them. (2) Why in Hell would the Dex be taken but not killed (do not know or know about baskets, and the villagers did not know that Polly had seals and was connected with Joe and to Dex)? (3) Polly shows that "they" does not know anything about Totenkopf, but has a secret source on it that looks like a full FBI-style file on it. (4) An empty spot on the map as described by Nepalese - if they know all about this amazing place, why then hell is their empty map in the area? (5) At one time, Polly and Joe should leave their clothes (burnt) - Joe has been given new clothes that resembled his old clothes, but still Polly has to put on a very unusual unusual dress, then in the same line, Polly she has her original clothes back. <br /> <br /> * sigh *. What? How far should I change my brain to watch this trick? We should be happy with more productive music, even when there is nothing interesting or interesting that happens on the screen. <Br /> <br /> And act? Should we be surprised by a group of worst British accents? What behavior is wrong? I think the ling Bai talks were best in the whole movie (they don't have one line). Talk did not have a camp, nor did it increase the rate of cheese. Its bad and offensive. These people are not heroes or forcing; they are the kind of people you would try to ignore or abandon if you ever had the chance to meet them in real life. I can't believe that this film gets high up here. IMD. IMHO should fight with "Batman Forever" less than 100 of all time.
