I entered the playground for Sky Captain in 2004 expecting a good film. Almost all the reviews of this film were positive, the effects were appealing, a guarantee of assurances. Needless to say, despair really does not describe the feeling I got from this film. It was angry. More than being boring and unwritten, the reason this film gets 2 out of 10 is because everything in the film was stolen from another source. I understand the difference between worship and stealing: this was stealing. More importantly, it seems that film artists do not develop a step or move along. They just display that they can. Certainly there is no point to show a piece of Oz in the movie at the beginning of the movie except to introduce another location (which I will not mention) that leaves the same film. Needless to say, every concept in the film was not original or even based on the old concept: it was just realistic to fix something that I had seen, from the old map of the map of the old Superman cartoons and the latest film "The Giant Iron". , for the minion artist silent of the villain artist which has been used in countless films, many recognized in recent years as Darth Maul in "Star Wars: Phantom dangerous". under the actual film, many exhibitions were made of wood. Maybe this is because the whole movie was done on the blue screens, and fill out the computer pictures everything to save executives. In fact, this is not an excuse for a bad act. If a person was a child, they understand that a lack of visual memory is not a reason for not trying. <br /> <br /> Finally, there is no humanity in this film. The characters are the only true people here. Almost all opponents are robots, and the number of friendly characters displayed during the film can be counted by one hand. If the robots are attacking the whole planet, should we not expect to see the human race run away from them? The low performance of the main characters prevents connecting to, in fact, anything here. The movie was not the worst movie out there, that's why I did not give it 1 Rather, the film was an example of all that is inappropriate for modern practical films: film representatives tried to justify the movie with special effects, but without The vision of crafts or nature of any kind, falls.
