Captain of the Sky is likely to be the best movie I have seen for a long time. Rife and CG's amazing and special effects, included in the A (Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie and Giovanni Ribisi's favorite) and run with the so-called but the story of Indiana Jones-esquire, this would be a great movie to watch. It should 'be' a key word here, of course. <br /> <br /> Jude Law plays Joe Sky Skype and accent dashing with a lot of over-the-big, heart-melt smirks, but you can't do something out of something, and even its delivery of flippant and beautiful boyish can not store The movie's movie talks. (If he had hit Giovanni Ribisi back and said, "Good boy, Dex," once more, I could have barfed everyone in front of me.) Gwyneth Paltrow, like Polly Perkins, is not under the nerve nerve. His glamorous and untrue-amazing words find the first ten minutes of the movie. Perhaps he struggled to play a modern game of comic of modern-30 who knows? I expected more from him. An example of how such behavior was played (and playing well) is at the end of 90 years of "Phantom," and star Kristy Swanson and Billy Zane. Renting a movie and you will know what I'm saying. Giovanni Ribisi and Angelina Jolie were the virtues of saving in the film. (Angelina Jolie had a very hot eye in that eye. I will accept it.) In just a short event, two players somehow were able to increase on fatigue equipment and give more riveting performance than dry, two-dimensional pastors. br /> <br /> The plan and the development of the story was old, stirring, and essentially a good mix of every beautiful scene from the action film over the past thirty years. These are the speed of fire in the first half of the movie, and the snail speed for the second, giving the audience enough time not only to guess the end of the film, but to know who is the most important villain as well. Pairing is rather clichéd, also- Polly Perkins and Sky Captain seems to merge after several years of separation from the strong-end romance, and their stories are not very charming and eclectic as they are annoying and mismatched. When they finally face their physical feelings towards the end of the film, no one is surprised, and nobody cares even. <br /> <br /> Props for the director to understand Bai Ling enough to put him in vinyl byzitight for the fullness of the film, as well as for tons of interesting sepia that were used as paint. But Captain of the Sky, in spite of having all the necessary things to become a great movie, falls flat on his face. It is not worth $ 2.75 I was paid to enter the theater.
