"Captain of the Sky" can be considered to be a respect for comic books, the adventures of leaves and films of the film but has a bit of magic of some of the best from these types. One contributor says that the pleasure of the film depends on whether someone perceives the influence of the film. I don't think this is absolutely true. Man's film, fiction and papers that "Captain" pay taxes in a completely different way. Especially for those who received these exercises when they were children. This film is almost completely without charm and magnetic attraction of those. Of course we know the direction will come in and out of buttons but there is a need for tension and game. Close to the "Captain" Law and Paltrow have ten minutes to prevent the tragedy and when they reach a minimum of five minutes they continue walking towards their goal. They take time to look for long and unnecessary conversation and reflect on the fallen enemy and 30 seconds left for disaster. Of course, one expects some gatherings to be included but a good director will continue to have a sense of urgency. One does not expect a film like this should "be meaningful". One expects to be happy, exciting and have a sense of inner logic. "Captain" does not close. Remember when the Law and Paltrow should be followed by the wings of the wings and they reach a big hole that crosses through the log level? How well are they safe from those creatures when they reach the other side? They can FLY! Pingu itself does not mean anything to them. The bridge is not needed for them, where is the escape? If the ground in the blow is "banned" for the flying creatures did not try to know how or why or even like. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and the Law (both have given a good exhibition in the past) were playing "kind" but all were pretty flat. It was only Giovanni Ribisi (who demonstrated the power of the nuance here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give any "oomph" to their roles though Omid Djalili seemed to be able to handle a little more if he had a chance. He did a good job sometimes thinking about how he had lost. <br /> <br /> The movie had 'great' look but there are many ways CGI explodes. CGI works best when it is used for fantastic, when it is used to create an environment that is not inherent in a natural or interesting scientific or magical. The time used to replace the natural places is disappointment. There is no real meaning. CGI Mountain has no power or feeling of fear and realization that the real mountain is doing. I know that the design of this film was quite deliberate and it should not seem to be realistic but should not be seen in that way? It wasn't just. <br /> <br /> As for the weak and clichéd script ... worship is not excuse. However, there was a film that had a good and heavy tension that could be fun. The "Last Samurai" was predictable as the days of the week and I was not a fan of Tom Cruise but it had everything that "Captain" did not actually stimulated the viewer in his world and made us accept his rules and ways to be through "Captain of the Sky" was not sure. I would like to see a similar approach taken to the film about the comic book of the 30th and 40th century. The original level (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) come to mind as being rated for This treatment. Perhaps better, more known and perfect characters that such behavior can make the most beautiful film. It's hard to get worse.
