This is a straightforward 'Mummy Handbook' (1940), because the leadership character, Stephen Banning (played by Dick Foran) is now a thirty-year-old and tells the story (with the help of photographs of the memory) for his son's son . There are two abnormalities for the film: the early death of the ban, and the presence of Turhan Bey. <br /> <br /> Lon Chaney as the mummy Kharis gets a high bills, although it was given the nature of her role, she has a little more to do than spraying or hitting her hands up. There is nothing shocking about his existence, except for his attempt to take a partner, Isobel (Elyse Knox). Dick Foran gets a second bill, but has been killed within the first fifteen minutes! We should wait until 'Psycho' (1960) when the leading character (Janet Leigh) dies the way before the end of the movie! The daughter of Banning from the first film, Babe Jenson (now Henson), shows a little later looking at a lot, much, older and not doing any of the comic shtick he did in the original. It's hard to believe it's the same actor! Unfortunately, this work of great work is lost because he is killed by Kharis after only two events. It is then left up to the son of John John's (played by the player John Hubbard) to lead the expulsion from the grave - NO! Sheriff leads a lamp that uses a group to Banning's house to destroy it and kill mummy. Unique voice? Turhan Bey is brought to view as Head of High Priest, Mehmet Bey, to keep and feed Tana leaves for Kharis. With his 'foreign' voice and appearance, it is very serious it gets very easily. The best movie would have 'Babe' to take charge of Von Helsing a variety of items in the track down mummy, and the final battle with him with Mehmet Bay. But instead we have a trip back to the foot of different pieces from the original horror movies, which were included with the Griffin Jay who had written many other Universal categories, though also made 'Don Winslow's Navy' (1942) and Don Winslow The Coast Guard (1943) which also had Elyse Knox. Elyse Knox played Anne Howe in six of Joe Palooka's movies (1946-1949), and of course, Turhan Bey, and 43 movie and TV loans, is the biggest in the role of 'The Amazing Dr.. X '(1948). <br /> <br /> The movie is very black and more of the atmosphere (with lots of noirish shades in the sheriff office) than the first Kharis' mummy film, but there is nothing else of interest or excitement. <br /> <br /> I will give you 3.
