This film was a real fest stay. His first mistake is to treat nuclear power because it is definitely a 'bad thing' that is needed to persuade his listeners. When you stop keeping his argument, it has participants presenting uncertain truth; all that is missing is a person who cries out "when someone thinks of children!". While watching this film, I kept thinking "Where do you want to hear?" or "which cannot be true" - however small information was not supported by any reliable sources. And 'em,' ordinary people 'in the movie got more like Luddites than people with any knowledge of the benefits and loss of nuclear power; be fair, that it may be the fault of filmmakers, but similarly, it is a shared state of rock star stars. For some musicians .......... Now some of these people are respected musicians who have enjoyed music, and I'm sure a few of them believed for this reason. But they all come as old hippies of wheels looking for something to get a high job, now that 60s have passed with them. Especially embarrassing is Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying very hard - it seems he can't believe what he is told (not that I am blaming), but it is a desire to feel and get involved. James Taylor does what is supposed to be a demonstration of wimpiest "song" always, "Stand and Fight", through the most touching way to think. In fact, most of the exhibitions are pretty bland when they are not being patronizing. No one seems to work with this event, if it doesn't mean so much to them. It is important to note that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be John Hall, of the Orleans Harbor, and is responsible for some of the pop wimpiest pop of the 70s. (Remember, if you say, "Drums and I" and "Still One". It is important to consider because that is an example of why the reason here fails to stimulate any real interest in music. Unless Gil-Scott Heron - his number of demonstrations "We Are Near Lost Detroit" is on the topic at least, but delivered by all the smugness of a secondary student feeling and how 'controversy' he is being Bruce Springsteen only raises the blow; I have never been a big fan of the Lord, but he is whistling, there's no question. Compared to the general deception and the air of satisfaction here, it is unfortunate that Bruce was promoted as a rock'n'roll savior. But even his performance has been hit by a shot of death. a flashy from the 70s film, but the shots are not quite needed, only broken by the split of the division of the tonsils of the previous singer. Now, some of these may be because artists can't live and start; and * maybe * movie developers have more knowledge in bulletin than photo art - but all you need is to look at "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see a movie like this done with more skills. And for the most exciting musicians. In fact, there are only two things to watch this film for: The stellar performance of Springsteen, and as a sad picture of the anti-decline culture.
