This Australian excuse for an image of motion is kind of a Pavlov Dog's experiment with horror movies. Do you remember this "Conditioned Reflex" attempt from your school books, right? Russian scientist Pavlov showed that dogs liked to strengthen before food certainly enter their mouths with this through recurring techniques that tend to reflect on animals. Pavlov sounded a bell several times before the food was given to the dog and, over time, became worried and excited and already began to spread from the sound of the alarm. What? Hell has this beautiful description of Astone slasher with evil and under budget, I hear you think? In fact, modus operandi of the killer murderer in the "Nightmares" is quite different on the experiment of Pavlov. The sequence of each of the murders is preceded by the raw sound and the image of the killer breaking the window, because he insists using a large piece of glass to divide the victims. So this means that, in a short time, the uncomfortable and exhausted viewers can afford to open and watch again when they hear the sound of the glass crack. That way they do not miss anything special! <br /> <br /> About the quality of "Nightmares" if the film can be very short. This is cheaper, sponsored and significantly Asoe's real estate in the modern state of American slasher movies. In the early 60's, four-year-old witnesses were killed by the death of her mother as her throat declined by a car accident. Twenty years later that girl? Helen Selleck? he is a successful actor, but still has serious mental problems and often suffers from serious trauma and horrible dreams. He is striving for the role of playing black to play for death and finds part. Soon after the great season, everyone who is far away from production is killed. In fact it has lost how this film tries to hold a secret about the identity and mobilization of the killer even though the smallest viewer can identify it after the first murder. I don't think I've seen more people than "Nightmares" and designers should show only his face once and save themselves from shame. The killings are clear and bloody and there is also a large amount of unhealthy health "enjoy". However, the production standards are poor and therefore the movie is never enough or exciting. Few places we see for real play make it seemingly possible it could be the worst thing that took place at the stage. The only positive features in the film are characters of the director and critic of the gay magazine, who are all happy with happiness and insulting all members who are sent as we are. "Pain of pain" is a horrible piece of horrible movies, but hey, at least I gave you a gold tip to make it more.
