Affordable, cheap for the success of "Mummy Hand" is likely to be the worst evil Professor Andoheb (George Zucco) preparing his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) for retaliation in the US by using Mummy Kharis (Lon Chaney, Jr who does not have a reason to hide. One ignorant person can do the same reliable work around them and beat the victims for the purpose of killing members of the Banning family whose grandfather Stephen (Dick Foran) and assistant Hans Hanson (Wallace Ford) found dead The made of Princess Ananka from her grave of Egypt .Andoheb considers it to be a cruel act of destruction and wants families to suffer in such a horrible act of Egyptian tradition. Bey and Kharis mummy find good hiding in the cemetery where High Priest of Karnak can act as a guardian to hide. Every Month, Bey will eat Kharis a variety of liquid from Tana's leaves that will not only make him alive but face his master's wishes. Bey command Kharis kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), while also wanting time to come back to become a victim # 3. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) has a plan to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox), but he does not know that Bey secret builds his partner to make plans to capture him and help Kharis'. John's life is in danger because of his father .... he is also the last member of the ban line. If Bey has Isobel, there is no chance to be baptized again. The police must find Kharis and the perpetrator of his murder .... Beer. <br /> <br /> This film is developing from the years of HAND set after the members of the film, Foran, Ford & Zucco all appear "aging" "make-up giving wrinkles to show shortcomings at the time as Andoheb has been preparing for. The Romance of the John and Isobel's death appears only in this conspiracy so that Bey will forbid the risk of his complete plan which was done successfully before lifting it. -at-first-sight "did not wash me. With you have a mummy to be able to kill people with one hand. Does any mummy really have power? This film also uses tons of pictures from the previous film to save the budget by line" This is certainly not a lot of information here and yes, an image of Universal monster images, even in the United States a group of people will decrease ... hum ... it follows Kharis. with a big house and a fire burning around them and the wicked burning.
