First of all, yes, animals have feelings. If you don't know that already, then I believe you're moron. But let's take that none of us are morons. We all know that animals have feelings, and now we want to see how these feelings are happening in nature, correct? What we find instead is a bad and highly ridiculously simplistic document that tries to show how animals are "human". Film workers seek top & bottom for pictures of animals involved with human behavior, and when it happens they say, "That monkey is close to humans!" (actually it is a direct quotation). Everything is in human terms. They lose time explaining what makes the dog "smile", but not immediately say what the tail means. The pride of these researchers is disgusting. They go so far to show the monkeys wearing human clothing and to wear a cowboy hat. I was looking for an animal document for their own. I wanted to learn how animals use in their OWN languages. But instead, researchers come back on the pedantic, anthropomorphic observation and imagination. Add a voice of cheezy sounds and chimpanzee pictures to "celebrate Christmas", and this was enough to turn my stomach. It does not exist there. Half of this document is not done by wildlife but in laboratories and testing centers. All camera shots campaigns are through metal bars, and we see how these monkeys are filled together in their cement pools. One big moment happening near the beginning (although you should hear it quickly) where the host monkey says in sign language, "You want it out. Quickly go." Privacy reference is made by "stress tests" and psychological experiments that I enjoy to consider. Baby monkeys are given by their mothers at birth and are given wireframe sharks to prove that the monkeys want “mother figure”. And after 40 years of experiments, smug monitors find themselves back to their amazing conclusion: monkeys have feelings. One Chimp called "Washoe" has been in a real fortress from 1966 for this purpose, and even today continues. We get a bit of sight (again through bars) to rely on a real wall and express it for lack. Personally, I don't need to see any experimental data. Ask them, I apologize for all our forms.
