Put in the post-surgery environment, cyborgs caused by Job's army to deal with the population. They keep them as livestock, since they need clean human blood to survive. Nea and her brother were able to live one of their attacks when she was a child, and years passed when she came face to face with cyborgs again, but this time she was saved by Gabriel cyborg, who was created to destroy all cyborgs. Job and his men go to capture a big city, while Nea (for retaliation) asks Gabriel to teach him how to kill cyborgs and will send him to Gabriel. The lowest cyborg / post-apocalyptic tax on the author / director Albert Pyun (who made "Cyborg" before it and pleased "Nemsis" the same year) is a false reason for junk new interesting things. The very little system makes its way into the story of the head, as the turgid script is weak, corny and overstated. The leaden bate tries to be a witch, but it is very interesting and it comes to be fun at unintentional. Many actions that are happening are very important and normal. The material could be re-used, because it was an idea that was guided by a lazy solution, lack of information and a close voice. The clear conclusion, the cliffhanger is just bad, especially since this issue has not been done. It makes you feel like that you lose money, and say "Time to collect. Let's settle it another day (or maybe another decade)." No rush. "However, he got a vote, thanks to the fastest speed, fighting anti-executed by George Mooradian which attracted the victory of the appearance. The exhibition is fair. The dry and sensible work of Kris Kristofferson works just as well. Gabriel and a trusted, intelligent psychologist Kathy Long removes the wind with knowledge and brutality. and the shock of saliva, Scott Paulin also drives many drums like one of cyborgs and Gary Daniels about one as well. it is stirring, but the sound of the sounding sound. Special effects and FX make-up stand well enough. and it is small restrictions that can cause the reason.
