I saw this one night at the cable station after a few minutes after running, so I didn't know who did it first. When I saw again, more I began to think, "Jesus, this looks like the Flick of Albert Pyun." It was not quite sure, for two main reasons: photography was so beautiful (and the desert landscape of Utah was good), and Scott Paulin gave a good performance like Simon, cyborg of murder, but in some style and sense of humor. Paulin must have a lot of clever clever cleverly out-of-the-way, because Albert Pyun has not written anything even away from the play or the nature in his work. Unfortunately, Paulin does not have all the time before the departure, and the movie is worse for it. Lance Henriksen, playing cyborg head badly, hits the way through it, as he did in many other movies like this. I don't know what Christ Christ is going to enter into this; Perhaps he wanted to see what the Desert of Utah is seen and paid. He goes through the movie watching (and blowing sounds) as he woke up, and actually uses the last half of the movie behind him in the tent. Kathy Long, the hero of the name, has a good body, is attractive, has a good body, is very fights, has a good body, and has no talent to act, but that doesn't matter in this film. This is Albert Pyun's film, full of trademarks that we know and love: religious and idiotic dialog, choppy editions, and feelings that lost the reel in the middle of the picture and think, "Ah, nobody looks at." <br /> As bad as this film is, however, it is a shadow on many efforts of Pyun - this is "Citizen Kane" compared to its brain-numbing "Adrenaline: Think of a rush", for example. The fight has been well-liked, if you repeat (after tapping eight or nine citizens after another, you find yourself saying, "You're already ready, go to something else"), and Long time is a player (and, if the poster has identified, it has a derrière big). It is not a good film and any direction of ideas, but it is not anywhere almost as odd and incompatible as the Extravaganzas of Pyun. You can do worse than hiring this movie - it's not worse, given, but worse yet.
