I am usually a fan of Spike Lee. It takes time to get his "mojo", but once you see a clear message and the ability to tell a story that is close to his heart, Lee is a professional. Unlike the 25 hour or Bamboozled (two films of her favorite), there was no clear story in this film. I was able to understand the struggle between Washington and the choice of playing well or being affected by others, but for an unusual reason Lee was not able to get a real sense. Washington did the best and given work, but you can say that this was not Lee's movie. Not just Lee directed this film, but also wrote. You can say. The camera function was bad and the text only contributed to the damage to the film. This film was coming round and was not good. Lee did not have 100 percent behind this film as he did and did something right. In all the films I saw Lee directly, this was a bright and very common film. It was almost like he created a movie of Hollywood instead of one that was his own. I don't know if he saw the money from doing something right and running with it, or what? but this film did not show its true talent. To anyone out there who has seen this film, and maybe stood watching anything led by Spike Lee later due to this film, please give him a second chance. Do not make a mistake, I see exactly from this film and why you would like to put this behind you, but Lee grows. His work becomes more than his own, and you can see changes from the desire to make money just wanting to make a good film. It took a moment to look at the 25th hour, but when I did, it was very wise. Probably the actors, perhaps the story, but Lee made an amazing film from one person's journey into an unknown. I think that's what I expect Mo 'Best Blues would. This very dark journey in the life of a man who has never grown up, but instead I was Denzel to be Denzel. He is one of the many characters of this generation, and I see him is the Sydney Poitier of the movie, but this was not a movie to show his talent. Another point I had with this film was the use of Spike's sister to play one of the interests of love. I don't know about you, and your family, but I don't think I could make it sex with my sister. I don't care who the actor or how much money I was paid, I can't do that. It's something that I never want to see, but it seems to be different to Spike. She went on to show the full picture of her sister without sadness. It was sad and even made me color. Also, I need someone to answer this. Flavor Flav was what to introduce this film? So, I sat on my bed, ready to start the film, when suddenly there was a voice from an old detective studio that made this film, then admitting himself. That did not build for a solid story of the story. Again, I felt that Lee was going to the money on this film instead of a real talent. Perhaps that was how he could afford Denzel and Wesley in the movie without any explosions. There were two positive events in this film that made it worth viewing until the end. Do not do wrong, this was a very bad movie, but there is always always in every way the road. The area where Bleek lost the accident that a woman had had. He went back and forth, putting the truth to the confusion in a way that showed that Lee was back behind the camera. It was a scene of vision that probably disappeared in shuffle due to the remaining poor events. Another part that was worth looking was the way that Lee introduced and finished the film. By placing the input in the same direction, he could bring this bad character on the full circle and give him a chance to change his life. More than this two-time period, all of the filthy films were not good to watch unless you are going to be blind .........
