There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini film they see and ordinary people. When I admit that I have enjoyed some of his films, I can also honestly say that I can't stand some of them. My opinion, by the way, is not just a knee reaction - I have seen more Fellini films and also saw many films and directors in the world. Despite this in mind, I feel that most of the most powerful and angry directors can be both of God and Fellini. They are both happy in the wonder and often do not recognize and yet have received the talents of accolades from consultants and "intelligensia", while the average person cannot sit through some of their films. Heck, even someone who loves international movies in general will be left out in the winter when he sees some of these films. Therefore, since only a few of them look at their films and are already planned to see directors as academics, it is not surprising that their films are often proposed - it's like worship! If you do not believe me, think of many Godard films such as FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, ... or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF SPIRITS? These films are full of weight, weakness and misunderstandings. Now I'm not saying the film can't be amazing (after all I love HAPPINESS OF THE CATER and SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it should look! <br /> <br /> Now on this film. Somehow, Fellini has been able to make a story about someone who is very attractive and uncomfortable. This is not a small task - it took a lot of work to make it unknown. Instead of the attractive price of cheap sex, sex acts are stopped in a silly and frightening manner when Casanova's behavior is closed under many shapes and nature that Donald Sutherland looks like ghoul. I know some of these must be Fellini's motives, but many viewers will be left entirely with this improper performance - especially since Sutherland's entire line is not known to Italian and so he will not look or look like himself! Unfortunately, when the movie is not covered in this sexual sex, there is really nothing else to look at. Interesting information about the first gender victory shown in this inappropriate film is that the actress looks amazing as a little fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Considering that, in addition to this, that over the past few decades Fellini had to play Masina's poems like a prostitute and a woman who was abused, it seems that she could hate her wife and was doing it on the screen. I read a little about them and their strong relationship and looked at this too. This is about the only feature of this turgid film that I have found all the time. Don't say no warning!
