GI six, almost sent home and allowed, drink and enter a meeting of worship in Asia. Surrounded by the statistical data, two men pretend to have war. Behind them, on the altar, the covered basket opens and the model emerges and begins to imitate the snake, finally singing one of the players on the neck. The imitation snake is wearing small body parts. (This is obviously a female snake imitation.) A member of the cult who has brought them into a secret meeting has warned six people that the ceremony should not be interrupted by, in fact, no pictures should be taken or perhaps be pinned down and killed. Typically, GI takes a picture of the picture, sending members of worship to the fury of anger, stealing a basket with a "snake" and running it on the night of Asia. One of the boys, angry and snarky, dies from a cobra bite in the neck, though no one can explain how the snake entered his hospital. Return to New York, it all looks like old news as released people live in their civilian life, they still continue their bond. Their work comes from the manager of the Bowling journey (David Janssen) to graduate a research student (Richard Long). James Dobson, Jack Kelly, and Marshall Thompson are also part of the neighborhood. Richard Long has a beautiful girlfriend. Kelly is a womanizer somewhat. But they all get very well and all seem to be happy. <br /> Then a dark, visible, intelligent woman (Imani Domergue) shows and Marshall Thompson loves and makes her a group. <br /> <br /> I think it's happening. The first Janssen fears the shade in the back seat and dies in a car accident. Then Kelly gets a visit from Domergue. The most frightening thing comes down through the window and dies in the fall through the way. Long and Dobson began to criticize what the observer knows already - that Domergue has had something to do with deaths. They also feel that perhaps he turns into a cobra, which is the case. Dobson agrees with his charges and shows his point. At this time Long and Thompson are completely frazzled, especially Thompson, who likes to Domergue and has discovered that she is attracted to him, too, though he must explain to her "love". No matter. The last attack of the girl's girl against a girl's long-term friend - not one of the first six criminals - and Thompson must plunge the snake out of the window. On the bottom pitch, the body changes with that of Domergue. Finally. I think I will wake up on the questions that the plot raises. I just mention one of the most prosaic in passing. Who paid Domergue tax from somewhere in Asia to New York? Who pays his bills in the hotel? Who paid his wonderful curtain? How does he speak English English very well? What does hell continue? The authors and directors have seen the horrible films of Val Lewton and, though not many attempts that have entered into this production, have deliberately forgotten some of the chaos from Lewton. In Lewton's "People Cat", for example, a woman changes to a black pig but, with one exception exception, the threat is always placed in the shadows and is more spooky for her. Most of the changes here use shades too, but unlike Lewton, the shadows are difficult and unknown. Lewton also made regular use of what he called "buses". The first "Bus" Lewton was a real one. The victim who is alone through the dark ways of Central Park and the sound of the footsteps. Something or someone follows him. He opens with fear under the lighting of the road. Something grows on the branches of the bushes on it. He looks up. There is a great shriek, which makes your hair stand at the end. It is then using the remains of the air to stop him. Producers used at least two "buses" in this film and have nothing. The boy is going to be bothered in the crowd, for example, and there is a sudden rumble of a truck that almost defeats him. No setup on the shot. Entered by the footwear. I don't care very much for movies promoting the discrimination of snakes as slimy, bad, poisonous and phallic. In fact, no snakes are small, most are not bad, and many are very strange. Additionally, they are more feminine than their penis in their evil movements and snake techniques for purposes. Want a symbol of reptilian for masculinity? Try six racerunner programmed. It's a very quick lizard. When you see something to eat, it rushes and picks it up. However, if you want to see the awesome films of a small budget, it is not worried by this. Get "Cat People" or one of Lewton's small items, which is an open copy.
