Like Dane I am proud of a few of the beautiful Danish movies that have been produced in recent years. It is a disgraceful experience, however, that the increase in this quality has led to many of the Danish film critics lose their sense of opposition. In fact, it has become so bad that I no longer believe in any reviews of Danish movies, and because I have stopped watching them in movies. <br /> <br /> I know it's wrong to hold these evil developments against any one movie, then I would emphasize that "Villa Paranoia" will be a very bad film for any situation. The fact that it was done by only critics added fuel to my depressed bonfire and the Danish film. Additionally, waiting until the release of the DVD was a very small help against the negative feeling of having time and money. Erik Clausen is a complete director and a knack for social origin in Copenhagen. I really enjoyed "De Frigjorte" (1993). As an actor he is usually funny, though usually he has the same role in all his movies, namely the slob of the class work who is under his fortune, because because he is slob but especially because of the community, and who saves himself by doing good to his community. <br /> <br /> This is a single problem in "Villa Paranoia"; Clausen pretends himself to be a poultry farmer, which is a break from the usual that never succeeds in making it reliable. It is very bad, however, that the film should lose and turn and break all rules on how to tell the story to make the audience understand what is going on. For example, the movie opens with a very sad attempt to watch the death of the closest death of the main character and the use of low-budget effects and a bad camera function. After that, the character tells his best friend that he suddenly felt the need to throw away the bridge. This is an indication of the entire movie; there is little or no inspiration for the actions of the actors, and the Clausen centers for the sub-contact form with any motivation are: Explain rather than show. So, at one time, you have a great voice that speaks loudly to someone who comes out of the cataton about the way she feels, because the script did not allow her to make her feelings; and later, the high voice is expressed in a sudden, possibly enough, to show the impression that would still be unknown to the audience due to the absence of the director. Fortunately, at this time you are about an hour you care about the characters, forget the story called. Acting, which has often been a problem in Clausen movies, may have been reported in one sad statement: Søren Westerberg Bentsen, who only claim that the winner is as an opponent on Big Brother, is not worse than several actors shown in cast. <br /> <br /> I offer this 2-to-10 Definition.
