In spite of the weight of the subject and perhaps the best of the film's artists to make a film dealing with white greatness, the distinction of its main character, Bronson Green, who wants a New York player easily turned L.A. phony, makes it difficult to take the story to weight. Green, who are always rejected by the Los Angeles voting agents to be obsolete (ie, New York when 80 looks great, blonde, and dumb), sees success comes easily when he likes to refuse to make his image. Unfortunately, the red color of the hair and the perception of the enhanced "surfer" gives them an opportunity to work with the Church of Jericho, which shares the unclean doctrine of the two nations of Aryan. Green is ready to forget easily his past things, and especially turn back on his young black friend of ten years, to become a new speaker of the Church. This doesn't mean, see how our original behavior was. This is a sudden change, and independence in character, with a sudden reversal of toughness, DeNiro-obsessed (as a taxi driver's behavior) who can fight off criminals. A decent attempt to the creators of the film, but one that ultimately seems to be anything but substantial. Other characters, too, are very sad and what we have to realize in them comes easily - a Church leader, a lover of an independent partner (first Bronson girl sits in LA), and a pretty girl girl who it doesn't have too many features, it's by walking, talking doesn't exist. We should see them in a short time that something is attacking us to draw attention to the characters. But there is a very good progress of any of them. Another problem with this film is the amount of rebellious time when characters are involved in a very important stage. Much of the original includes introducing characters, in the open, and later we see Bronson's problems by breaking into the L.A acting field. and pain caused by constant rejection. But after the switch to his decision and his personality to be accepted, there is at least twenty minutes up to thirty minutes of the lost film which very little of anything happens. <br /> <br /> For films looking for depending on the negative fear of apartheid, this did not happen once enough.
