I've been using IMD for years and I've never participated in the movie's comments? until now. This document has a lot of problems that I don't know what to say. I am not a Muslim, nor am I an expert in Islamic education, but I know enough to give light on a clear direct view that this document prefers. <br /> <br /> Problems with this movie begins with the fact that it is a document. Most of the documents that I have seen combine themselves close to a few tips and then move around those points with clear interpretations and inappropriate information. This is indeed a question of Islam: What the Western Needs To Know. Yes, there are fundamental people around the world, and some of them are Muslims, but building documents on Islam all around a small percentage of radicalized people are very misleading. This is a document about the basic issues of Islam and no more. For those who would like to reflect more on the issues it brings in this document, here are several points that can help. There is nothing positive about Islam presented in the document. This document is based on the Middle East, but more Muslims live outside the area. Most Muslims live in China, believe it or not, than Saudi Arabia. About 40 percent of all Muslims live in Pakistan, Bangladesh, India and Indonesia. The translation of the Qur'an used in the document is doubtful. I looked at the document while looking at other translations and the differences were appealing. I had warned about the translation used in the document and now I know why. Surrah 98: 6 is a good example. The document shows that Surrah says that unbelievers will go to hell. But the translation I read instead is: "Those who oppose the Truth among the People of the Book and among the people of Polytheists will be in hell." The difference is that those who reject the Truth are those who know about God and the Truth of God and decide to reject anyways. The movie explained that there is no natural ethics of Islam, but this is not true. Although it is true that many come from the Qur'an and Myth, Islam also recognizes the concept of "Urf or" common behavior. "It is obvious what can be interpreted in many ways, but 'Urf means" good behavior ", it is an ordinary person who can consider right or wrong. Islam as a single unity of knowledge all Muslims follow. This is not true. There are many Islamic schools and come from the development and modern to the basis of the interpretation of the law. There are thousands of Hadith and every school of law accepts some and refuses others.To use the Hadith without the ability to decide which is correct, real and appropriate, it is to choose and choose posts from history that fit what you say? What I hope people realize is basically a problem, not an Islamic or any other religion. Christianity has a basic scholars who strike a doctor of pregnancy and so on. I know this is not the same as a suicide bomb, just understand that The fundamental right is primarily a problem. If you feel you have an answer, then everyone must be correct. But if you see you have an answer you can work with other people's views about politics, religion, God, or anything.
