Before you start, I would say that my experience of this movie may be influential and dubbing, which I collect from other views was original that is considered inferior to some. Therefore, it is quite possible that the subtitles or the new version of the DVD will make a difference. I don't read a similar book; I just know of the other Japanese manga and may have a non-traditional culture. <br /> <br /> Destroyers in front. I am like a fictional science story (which likes Mamba Player, Monkey 12, etc.), but I didn't enjoy this film completely. When you started to relax with the gentleness, it became a stimulus when you only finished half. There are all kinds of problems; let's start with what is probably the most: talk. The characters seem unable to create a full sentence; if they do not have the names of each other for n-th, they tend to aid ("Kanedaaa!", "Tetsuoooo!", "Huh?", "Grrr", etc.). This leaves more leaves than entirely made by two-dimensional characters. It does not help at least that most of them find only a few minutes of screen time without anything interesting to say that will keep them away from the proposed discrimination and illustrations. <br /> <br /> Great is added by technobabble of pseudo-random philosophy which looks unknown and inappropriate to work even with Star Trek levels. There is nothing deep and meaningful here - it all appears to be dangerous, thrown together randomly from various pieces and pieces of sci-fi ideas of stock without any cooperation. What is a bit of a conspicuous conspiracy is no more than a preliminary release of the last major sequence of incidents of destruction and destruction. It is not that there is nothing wrong with a little bit of destruction and destruction, of course; but in this case you will ask yourself "what is the meaning of all, and how long to the end". The effectiveness of the character in the last 30 minutes or so has a little more than Tetsuo turning into Pizza Hutt for no apparent reason. The end is similar to one in 2001 - a fantastic string of pictures that, apart from solving or describing anything, give the viewer of the viewer has been looking at the digital clock for two hours. I'm sure others will say that this kind of thing is art; but for me it was a lot of acceptance of colors and shapes. (Some music was also very interesting). Unfortunately it's all the fashion and no substance. <br /> <br /> Tired of Disney? Do you want to watch animation-related movies with "adult" themes? I'm sorry to say you are more likely to get that kind in "South Park".
