Wow, I can't believe people see this movie 'good'. Now, I have seen the worst, but there is more romantic / funny comedies by John Cusack. <br /> <br /> This is the best modern film. While acting was not terrible, but not good, for a romantic comedy, there was little enthusiasm, a little romance. There were many lost tips that were not shown or ignored. Unfortunately, the main characters come as a full concern. They do not know themselves enough to realize that they do not like the people involved. How do we know that they don't like? With a huge lack of both injuries have to stop their money. I can think of a few more romantic things than always escape from the promises that these two show. <br /> <br /> The movie doesn't even end up with a wedding location, most likely both will get cold feet and stop each other as hot potatoes once the volunteers are approaching. This film is about two people who are unable to dedicate themselves to anything, unlike the original characters of Cusack, who were more committed to a very dedicated (Loyd in Say nothing, Martin in Grosse Pointe Blank, etc.). The greatest lack of this film was a complete lack of any turns twists, or anything of interest. When the movie ended, I felt like they had failed to insert the peak into the story, which essentially fits the whole movie: interesting. There is no worry about whether two will end up together, they are not happy when they do, no harm to their actions. It is sad that people are too blind for the shoddiness of this movie, that they just criticize any opposition and 'Everyone is also Islamic!'. The advice of this movie is not worried, only an unbiased observation. There are many more beautiful romantic, even those with Grace Kelly, or Eva Marie Saint. If you think this movie is good, try these movies, your hearts will explode: Bride, say nothing, Grosse Pointe empty, Higher Honesty, Faith, Charade, Window Back, North and West , or There Is Something About Maria (which is a good observation of romantic issues against today's society).
