What happened in the creation of this film to keep it as a general mess? Just one year after the "Food Breakfast Club", a brilliant movie with many actors similar to the "Fire of El Elmo" (who in the way they looked and act in the end as if they were still misfits high school from the past but without a trap or discipline in showing their roles. It was a single person (Joel Schumacher) must be all. Then Schumacher gave us a "Phantom of Opera", "Booth's Phone", "Time to Kill", and two movies of Batman, "Batman and Robin" and "Batman Forever" that come from good to lead in. Something that lacked "StEF" because you don't have any skills, no comedy worth anything, and it's away from the mark on what is most valuable in life. Example: Wendy's behavior (a little girl with a good heart and a bad luck with Mare Winningham) reveals Billy (a false girl who does not know his wife and girlfriend, he drinks m and does not hi The order of order in his life accordingly played by Rob Lowe) that is still a virgin. Billy really sees the challenge and possible victory but Wendy "is not ready". Wendy, in fact it's not already hard to believe she is in this friend's clique. Later in the story, when Billy whose wife has left him to take her baby and marry another has given some of her life terms together. Billy leaves New York, rejecting and abandoning the role of both parents for his daughter, convincing Wendy that his wrestling will be a "far away" perfect from her. And Wendy, who works as a social worker helping the family to break up, seems to be not quite available in this area. Give me a break. One thing he can give only once, he gives the loser who leaves his family and friends? Schumacher opens this area as a wonderful time and affecting. More examples are available where there is a complete complement between what is real and the value being topped up and actions are seen to be good. br /> <br /> I think others can say that "that was 80 years" but I remember it was in "80" that people began to be responsible for children who bore them in marriage or outside. I think this film is very bad because it can't balance and what is so important and right. <br /> <br /> As for techniques (not stories), it was as bad as well. Closed and feels like a 3-hour movie that has been changed at 1 hour and 40 minutes. Change and jump at a time are not meaningful. Choose what is on the floor of the editing room, put it in and the movie would be more efficient ... but it's still a bad movie. Maybe Schumacher has been the best and powerful director since 1986 (he must have) or maybe he was on his head when writing the screenplay for Fire St Elmo or maybe this group of actors took over to set and go their own way - that's what I think thinking happened.
