I had to walk on this film fifteen minutes at the end ... after passing through the string stage and having a good tolerance. What causes me, I mean to bother me really, is that there are people who are talking about this useless substance as "pleasing" or "you must see." I would feel great sympathy for those who have suffered so much not for the different feelings that many of the most positive views on the humorous and unnecessary damage were written by the plants of the industry. The truth is this filing film is not worth anything to shine or shine. It is taken by the decision, it is wrong and has all the speed and energy of the pudding of cold rice. To be tactful to Mrs. Kramer, the best person can say is a lost chance, since I have read the pre-checking session, I was hoping for something more challenging. The impossibility of the nearest brothers and sisters of the dependence of cooperation, awakening unexpectedly for the 'sister' sex, and the comic capabilities of the brother's competition (for one poor girl) were all clear subjects for comedic investigations enjoyable, for every side the movie causes the departure. Instead, the audience is faced with a series of realities and unfavorable conditions, and the characteristics of clichéd and good performances from the cast of faith and clearly the need for greater direction. The lack of direct control seems amazing; On the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek both offer very high performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - the end of the end - when they are embarrassed about regular compensation. One can blame for this by the director - maybe Sue Kramer hopes that if its practitioners will work, they will make a great laugh from the audience. But again, cast is an old man; one could expect them to do well. Sue Kramer needs to think carefully what kind of movies he wants to do, and to whom. Given the possible issues Gray Matters mentions, and give him a lack of interest in exploring the comedy environment, perhaps he should consider writing dramas instead. I know it's not easy to make films about women and women 's issues, especially when one expects to reach a broader audience than women, but any direction she takes, potential characters and supporters like Gray will not cut the mustard.
