Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) volunteer brothers who share the house with the love of many things - to play football, 1940 movie music and, to their surprise, a beautiful woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historical male gender, Gray is confused with her new feelings. Gray Things prove to be one of the blandest movies I have ever seen. It is lightweight, unpredictable, unimportant, not working and not properly written. No matter what was true and everything was very cheesy. Also, this is not a romantic comedy and lose special but more than the movie "come". Sue Kramer tried to make the first gold half with romantic elements and a second half by real acceptance and coming part. Unfortunately, he failed to sadly. The first half was very large and Heather Graham was able to hold a little. Then, the film took an unusual tone and it became all great. Major events were misappropriated and all feelings have proved to be bad. <br /> <br /> I think I would like to enjoy a little more film as the relationship between the characters felt more realistic. The relationship of the brothers and sisters was very weak and they did not seem so close. Their relationship did not feel very natural. Also, the relationship between Tom and Bridget felt strange. If two people are going to get married after just knowing for a week, then you would like to see a little more excitement but the characters are talking about getting married in Vegas in the same way to ask a host what experts are. There was a lack of excitement in the film and it was difficult to be associated with films and characters like those who were not accepted. The acting was very weak which was a little surprising due to a decent cast. Heather Graham gave only good performance in the movie. He was funny and had a few charming scenes but it was so bad that all of his star stars were full duds. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and his performance showed false every level. Also, it seemed that he was reading his verses. Thomas Cavanagh was a good wood and demonstrated almost no feelings. Thomas and Heather did not exist with the film because their relationship was visible. Normally I rely on Molly Shannon to be funny in the role of helping but here was just annoying. Sissy Spacek had two incidents and was bitter in both. Finally, Alan Cumming had a shy character and his performance was not very good. In general, Gray Featured is a burning film and it is not good to watch. Testing 3/10
