This is one of the worst movies I have seen this year. You should not see this film but if you insist on losing your time you should stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray things are Gray and Sam Baldwin centers (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are Brother and Sister; live together with everyone's eyes as husband and wife. No sex but almost everything else. Earlier, the movie begins with his head: 'A very strange thing when you ignore it very much and you thought it was the worst side'. Gray and Sam decided to watch the dog park and borrowed pooch. Instead then dismiss his brother to get skin for the first woman they see him, he does and finds nitty-gritty questions as well. When he suggests his brother to come upon them start on the 3th way. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is a girl of their dreams, like all right things etc.? Sam ends the Gray on the head and the couple finish the date with the proposal of marriage! Charlie admits! In one week Charlie, Gray and Sam should be Vegas. The following week Charlie and Gray came from the purchase of wedding dresses (apparently Charlie has a distant figure). Gray strips the iced string when Charlie will show Gray trying other clubs and also offers $ 10,000 frock for it. While Charlie puts him in this 'paid-to-house' gown, Gray continues to decline in latte (I swear it is like a feeding bag). What should happen but 'oops!' call all the clothes on the coat. It is not explained how they got out of the master's Bloomingdale salon and out of the $ 10,000 coat of youth. Return to 'truth'? Caesar's Las Vegas House. The 'upper room of roller' (Sam is a live surgeon and Charlie is an expert on a local zoologist?) They were getting all these money? The tone were, you guess - kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers. They do so in the wedding and right church when the pastor gets his line "If there is anyone here who has anything to do with the two of these love partners" Gray finds hiccups. Gray honors us, for some reason the pastor should repeat his last line and right in the queue again 'huccups'. Gray returns NY and starts dating anyone who meets him, in fact. And really one is you guess again! Gay. Another is a jerk and a third is a taxi cab driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. He is beaten by Gray but the emotions are not restored. They have good friends. This is good because it comes to clean and Sam about kiss. He claps and kicks him out of their house. When Sam comes his mind goes to his office. Gray works in an ad. This office faces the middle of the evening zone. It has cameras and microphones in all meeting rooms that advertise for all computer monitors on the agency. Sam gets Gray in one of the conference rooms for non-private talks and ends taking him to the whole office. That's where I doubt that there was a homosexual or lesbians for the workers: Gordy helps him and persuades him to go to the lesbian bar. 'Sorry no men' says bouncer. So Gray and Gordy return with Gordy in the drag. Drag the bad. He was in a black-like blouse of black blouse, a pearl strap, and a hat of the grandma church. No girl will mix "this man in dress" as the queen of the very low drag woman. The bar was also a fantasy of the man of how the bar labiana is: full of Victoria's secret models. Everything happens peachy? he goes home with the client of his company. Gray happens on a woman's account and eventually makes it more then a sign. For some reason nobody tells Charlie anything and he feels through the whole movie of this kiss with Gray, but that's good.
