Recap: Doctor Markov has created a new theory how to generate energy, knowledge that can vary in the world. She puts her hidden knowledge and secrecy and wants so much from the Soviet Union. KGB on the other side you want new technology. Therefore, it sets the program in motion. During a rescue attempt to save Markov, KGB goes, takes Markov a secret place and impresses his secrets by saying that it is in Sweden, and working for the UN. As a barrier, the KGB has arrested the daughter of Markov's newcomer. CIA now send their best agents, the team (Swedish?) Ninjas to convince KGB and rescue Markov and his daughter. <br /> <br /> Feedback: movie worship which in spite of being very unsuitable to see. The movie is completely disappointed but it does not exist in many places. The first is that it is very dark, perhaps hiding places and bad effects, that some events are hard to understand. You can't see what happens. The second thing that is missing is martial arts, despite being a ninja movie. Certainly there are some, quite low quality, but especially ninjas fire gun directly or a set of explosions. Guns automatically causes the problem as well as they seem to have an endless supply of bullets. And ninjas seem close to the immune and shooting when Soviet guards die like flies. What is it talking about? The first idea and desire. Some really, and especially for the Swedish movie, a decent show even if not of military art. Some good events of slow motion and good blood and gore. With a new new weapon that makes the heart of the victims or brain breaks. Especially all the places you're looking for in B. <br /> <br /> because it's obvious B-movie, no mistake can be made there. But if you're expecting it, and you look at it as B's film, it's fun. But do not forget, not just a B movie that has been installed in eight years. Other girls, for example, instead of wearing ... say they say "interesting" clothes, with strong ingredients of eye shadow and shapes. All things, see the state of worship and desire. Enjoy, then forget it. <br /> <br /> 4/10
