When you watch the movie as silly as 'Hot Rod,' one should sit back, relax, and change the mind's ability to such a situation? which is, in this case, the situation has dropped enough to tolerate the shade of the brain that somehow has been locked by the comedy. For a short time to run for 88 minutes, this film had taken a long time and turned itself under the bed of a repeat joke? The joke that came to the few and was not even amazing at first place. The basic 'Hot Rod' equipment is as high and useless as the 2004 service faces 'Napoleon Dynamite,' though it has much more and it comes without any of the laughter. In fact, the despair of the cinema that compared to 'Napoleon Dynamite' is embarrassing and offensive, leaving me removed, rather than being angry. The movie, if a person was forced to make a call so, offers a story of words that puts a defender of Rod Kimble in front of us, with a desire to walk fifteen buses (one more than his image Evel Knievel emerged , so we are told by Rod) to raise $ 50,000 dollars for the heart operation to save the father's life; all so that he might fight with his grandfather, once he got well, and got his honor? because in order to get the dignity of man, one must first fight them. Huh? Whatever it is. Each character is not more interesting than Rod-stick on the mustache, and from the opening of the film's opening to its ridiculous conclusion, each scene has been seen as non-nonsensical, and very unpopular, SNL skit ?? which, with the addition of 85 minutes more, is, in particular, what 'Hot Rod' tries to be. <br /> <br /> The star of the film, Andy Samberg, has contributed to the screens on the screen which seems to be the last decline of its comedic capabilities. Unfortunately? rather, realistically ?? His delightful talents are not more popular than the age of five and boast of his enough joke which somewhere includes innocent anger and poe-pee gags. And if that is desperate, pull the chair, hide your face in your hands, and join the real blow: he is a humor of the film! In order to save them from their rebellion, I will unintentionally remove the damage to the responsibilities of the Samberg stars and leave the second third of the Lonely Island team, director Akiva Schaffer, for his non-existent talent as a director? or player. Basically, everything that one can do more crush comedy-certainly is shown perfectly here; and do it with pride, as if the film will be funnier that way. Submission in believing that there is even one laugh at this pot, or treat yourself on another film? It's another movie.
