This film cannot create its ideas if its message is "human beings are evil and bad and animals are sweet and innocent" or "no longer enter water." The fisherman (Nolan) is out for the killer whale, the worst thing, but when the accident (ACCIDENTALLY score) strikes a pregnant cow instead of his partner, the cow - and I use the word for all of them - who is obviously ill psychologically and a church member of the piece - he isolates the pastoralists trying to chew with bits in the most difficult and most hidden way without mentioning the wrong way of suicide. (I am sure she was the first woman.) When her unborn fetus is caused by her self-wound, her partner goes to her mind and retaliates to hurt, kill and destroy everyone who talks to Nolan. It is as obvious as among men, general psychology causes all other psychology. > ya ya ya ya ya and yet, it doesn't have to lose Nolan completely. It is true that while putting his mind on selfishness and cruelty, but in the first squeal of the whale grows heart and, as the film goes on, he grows more and more sympathetic to the pain of the whale until he seems to walk out of the ice and the whale's commitment, just so feel better. The last film of the film, which Nolan is looking for the whale on a wonderful journey to the north, reminds me of the Melville whale, and for a short time showed it to the true conclusion, where these two men can connect, understand even mutual respect for their own sadness, because Nolan lost his wife and unborn child and accident. Obviously Nolan respects the whale and feels for his loss. However, it may never. The whale's behavior has no pity or respect for anyone. The last area loses this goal and becomes a wound-like where the monster of the sea finally kills everyone and Nolan and no doubt through the watch, fails to hit the whale-hugger (tho made a good snap to his head early in advance.) I love animals, and I hate whaling, and what more I would like the whale orca, but as the aim of this film is to make me feel that whale was a victim and that people are evil and disgusting is completely defeated. Nolan shows compassion and growth, and feels for others, and all whales think it's killing and hurting. The only message a person can walk is "You see the whale of the orca, ever, anywhere, run through another way as you step on its FIN bad way, he will hunt you until the end of the world will destroy everything around you."
