I watched this film on Channel Hallmark recently. In my opinion, the film started out enough, but eventually it became bad. <br /> <br /> Stories: US troops in Afghanistan receive one Christmas card which a woman in the United States has sent for a soldier for Christmas. He is led by a Christmas card that feels that he has given him the pleasure of hope and joy in his life, the inspiration to continue. When he is given to leave, the city that the woman lives. He comes with a young woman with a spunky and finally knows that he has sent her a Christmas card. He meets the family and after saving his father (Veteran War of Vietnam) from getting hit by a car while crossing the road, the family decides to take him for a while. We learn that they do not have a family home. The soldier agrees to help the family during Christmas to work with them in their logging company. The family comes to love him and vice versa. The soldier also becomes in love with the daughter of the family - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. He already has a strong relationship with the person he loves. It is also a long distance connection. The partner is very different from the soldier. She prefers wine and travel to France on hard work and outside the outside. Woman prefers to end. During another film, there is a "love triangle" as the woman's partner has gone to visit her for the season. Everyone in the family seems to want a daughter to be with a soldier and mother essentially wants what is best for her daughter. ** (KING OF POPULATION) ** Woman comes as more and more soldiers, since they have a lot more. They come to spend a lot of time together. She gradually becomes attractive to her persona. Then one day she kissed and kissed. Now she is very confused! He loves her and her boyfriend and wants to marry her one day, but she has loved the soldiers. Recently, a partner (who does not know about a kiss, but is a very protective woman and thinks a soldier has tried to move on it) decides to recommend a woman and she agrees. His plans for their marriage, however, are not plans that he wants. She wants to be home, have children and be close to her family. He wants to travel the world, go to foreign places and if he has children he wants to take. This does not hear also exciting for a woman. However, the soldier feels bad about what he has done and does not want to make things worse. Therefore, he decides to leave the city, although the father has asked him to stay and have his daughter. It comes all the time when, during the Christmas service with the Church, we see that the soldier has not stopped yet. A partner and a woman speaks out with him, a broken heart, basically decides to let him go and bother him. The film ends with a woman and a soldier getting together. Everything I like: I like soldiers in many parts of the film. He is good and respectful, with a strong sense of doing good to others; there is a time when the family goes with the Church and participates in support reasons; the family holds hands and pray in the evening evening; the father and mother have a permanent and visible marriage; The soldier tries to do the right thing in the situation after doing something very wrong <br /> <br /> Things that I don't like: There is a story of "love triangle" very much in this film; The soldier returns sour as he slowly and subtly moves to the woman and finally kisses him when he already has a partner; Most of the family magnifies this character - the family goes with the Church and participates in the ministry, but this is how they do; there is some bad language <br /> Last: I was disappointed if the film ran away, and it got worse. I finished fasting the end of the film because I had enough. Therefore, the film started well and soon, but it was destroyed by itself. Therefore, I do not recommend this film to anyone.
