This film deserves other negative adjustments. Imagine one auditor praising the film's features that include 'no sex, abuse or year.' No, forgive me. The very introduction of the film looks at us as a young man of Cody, and the love of life and who has everything to live by beating the bits to leave Cody carrying his lifeless body, bloody. And, given the nature of the war we know that Cody has seen fear almost daily. To a large extent those who search for this film and the revival glasses that define Cody's persona have been deleted from the viewer's memory. There is no Cody family, like John Rambo, who runs the country on his bicycle to make a long trip to the US city in the shade of a certain place called Nevada City. No mention, no real recognition of the fact that Cody is a damaged product. We know this since his CO is truly announcing as he ordered Cody 'rest' away from death and destruction of war. This explains, if no one seems to see or take care of the obvious 'Coro' obvious. It is not a bad act. It is a flat effect of the epidemic after trouble. I don't think here, remember his CO took him off the battlefield. <br /> <br /> What! About this kiss of "accident" as described by another review. Fall was an accident, kiss was not. Why is Cody 'honored' Faith by defeating him well? Now that was a time for family worth. The time that is announced to the nearest world as installed on YouTube. Of course the trust of faith as well as Cody's 'coming up' for a woman who has another marriage plan is received by the spirit of the Xmas season, all trying their hearts and their cheaten lips. I do not know a little about the girlfriend of Faith except that she says her love for her, does not take any more than the second nano to accept her proposal (she can wait as a second thought), she is generous, loves to die; he believes marriage depends on harmony and have never discussed the post-wedding plans. There are no criminals here. A woman is a good performer given on a hill debate as 'we love you baby ....' 'You are part of our family' real day after meeting with a stranger named Cody. And 'a speech group of brothers where words were above all had never been applied to ordinary visitors from the battlefield. Low way: this film is candy candy Xmas fluff which makes itself in a great way. Most of the time you congratulate Cody's weakness for Faith by defeating him well is talking. By describing the family as we know it: accepting a common visitor as a loving family member because we all 'love you.' How many of you did that or knew anyone who did that. NOT.
