Orca starts as the captain of the Irish Nolan captain (Richard Harris) and his crew are trying to capture the Great Shark in order to sell it to big bucks, unfortunately when the Kenyan biologist (Robert Carradine) comes under Shark's murder and Whale killers, this raises the interest of Nolan in Whale Whale and decides that he wants to get one of them instead. However, trying to do so he holds women with pregnant women at a point that he enters his unborn fetus on a deck that makes a mess and urges his partner, Nolan orders Whale to be thrown back into the sea which is happening. The male Killer Boy is angry to say the least and kill one of Nolan's staff before reaching the Newfoundland land in Canada, once in Whale Willer makes a series of attacks on the city & people is an interest in Nolan back out of the sea by fighting and death ... \ t | \ t | \ t | \ t | \ t | Script and producer Luciano Vincenzoni & Sergio Donati are fools I have lost in words, the fact that it seems to take itself very seriously does not help & if it should listen to Charlotte Rampling going about how intelligent Killer Whale is just once more I will shout. Sorry but I don't believe the Whale's Killer is mind enough to know who any boat is & sink, I don't believe the whale whale can cause a huge explosion including knocking oil lamps from the side side facing you if there is no way in the world that could know it was there, I do not believe the whale whale can recognize the house of the man, knowing the person is inside and then making it for a purpose, I do not believe the Whale Whale can transfer the ice around the boat, I do not believe the Whale killers can realize physical persons and do not believe that it has any whale's whale or at least which established as this dumb film makes. Maybe I am very aggressive, I mean only film after all but it is a film that tries to be bad & just things I was ignorant that I was half expecting Whale Willer to write a letter to Nolan to tell her Plan and hand (or should it be the end?) To open it, it seemed to have enough intelligence to do anything else. They should apply in order to come up with a cure for the common cold! Hardly, that's a statement that is not available more than anything else in this film. I saw that the film was very interesting, very tired and had no adverse effects on the presence of the screen at all. It goes without saying this is the Jaws (1975) that hasn't reached near the classic Spielberg. <br /> <br /> The director Anderson is not a Spielberg which is certainly, this trash film does not completely insist, season, tension or atmosphere at all. All incidents of attacks appear to be lighter like a bowl of water & completely forgetful, no built-up and almost no pay either if Orca does not get to eat one person. Then there are scenarios that were laughing, the shots of Whale Whale looked right is a fresh comedy and the opening events of the two killer whale I suspect tried to show them as 'love' and 'caring' couple but I could not help but think that this is close The more we'll get the Piller Whale porn, hilarious elements. The footage of Willer Whale themselves is bland & boring, rather than footage which resembles & adds scenes around it just looks like a wildlife documentary dreary footage which has little connection with anything else. What? Get the feeling that I don't like this film? Good. Forget about any death or death of respect either, there is a short time when Bo Derek has made his feet taken but it can stink and lose it. <br /> <br /> It may have a big budget and it still takes, there is nothing about about Orca, it's well I thought but flat, bland & completely forget. Style is still very good. Acting is bad, Rampling is bad & references Harris' Ireland is a shameless spotlight / AWahl is a jaws rip-off which completely ignores or destroys everything that made a good Spielberg film, this is one of the film lovers. bad everywhere. Of course it does not suggest though it is not as bad as Maya: Revenge (1987).
