Siren is not restricted depending on the game of Siren 2 Playstation 2 (very many). As the entire video game turned off the film, I would say many do not translate it into different types. And that goes to this too, with bitterness. There is a good prologue that describes and sets the foundation for the story, and an amazing island that the author (Leo Morimoto) and his children, Yuki's daughter (Yui Ichikawa) and Hideo son (Jun Nishiyama) are coming. Villagers don't seem to be friendly, and soon, sound advice is given about siren on the island, staying at home once siren will begin to mourn. Normally and slowly, things start to go early, and our brothers go to the mission bowing around the bush to discover exactly what is happening on this island of friendship with its wonderful inhabitants. But in fact, you can't bother with what's going on, if story stories and stories are healed to freeze more conspiracy. What was running into the bad comedy area was his un-out-of-the-day routine that was when you were getting sad for its ignorance, until it explained more later. It is one thing that tries to come and present a sensible thing, but another thing is doing it in a seductive way. Even though it is closed down to 90 minutes - I think it's a horrible movie to have a time to run - it offers you about two hours to feel it with its slow design to explain what you want. Things begin to take up to the last 20 minutes, but it's a common case of too late. What is saving the film is how it changes and its revelation at the end. Again this is a commonly used device to try and enhance a seemingly simple movie for a little something more in hope to convince viewers. Changed rather than satisfactory, but selects bad surveillance if you feel a certain feeling. There are two ways to mislead them - it may raise the film at a memorable level, or it gives you a hokey feeling. Unfortunately Siren was not the last one. <br /> <br /> Grace saving will be its movies and its use of light, shadows and mirrors, but I will be so clear - it is not yet timely, so it's better to avoid this.
