A nice and hardy shorty are filled with trouble, accidents and damage, especially caused by Stan, but by Ollie receiving the bulk (!) Of the penalty - see the great 'Music Box' (1933) or 'Towed in Hole' (1932) as examples A certain classic. Here, however, for some reason (it was because it was based on the father of Stan?) Boys playing 'straight' in the 'comedy' built next to the joke and the counters are considered funny. It doesn't come. It is only a third of the comedy of the third level of delight, only standing with the features of Stan and Ollie who have not shown any truth of their trade marks (Ollie's wiggling finger, Stan's stares empty, etc.) or comic capabilities. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with their flight from the police. Since we cannot see or know why, it is difficult to believe or accept their fear of being caught, and so hide in the house of Colonel Buckshot. The premise of 'humor', Ollie withdrawing as Colonel and Stan withdraws as a pastor and a less-active servant. They don't play 'Stan and Ollie' in this film. Their parts can be played by any label operators and will be like poor. Stan could do and do anything that he would do funny, but they have no opportunity to do any of them here. He prevents by giving too much conversation to 'move' the plot, but none of it is more than silly. We are dealt with a third-party comedy sauce such as a gag run without the name of Lord Plumtree correctly, “Give me a taxi! joke, cops lose their clothes and appear in the long johns, and the end is not the ultimate sequiter of Stan and Ollie as two parts in the apparent pain of the horse dress as they escape on the bike for two, and James Finlayson still do his moments of body you take with Keystone Kop barriers. Stan and Ollie do better in playing with 'Desert Children' (1933) where we see them doing what we love about them - being themselves. In fact, 1932-34 seems to be better than their years. Since this film does not play for any of them, why are you worried about it? I must give it 3.
