This is an interesting film - especially for the old film of the film and historians (I am both). During the first half of the twentieth century, sadly, Americans Americans were not allowed in White performances. As a result, catering for Black audiences wanted to show films that show Black experience and show Black performers. Often, these films were the same as the average standard of Hollywood, but for a very large budget, and usually have production standards. Certainly you cannot cause filmmakers - they have no money and resources available for an average film company. For this reason, they had to do for a little reason - including more self-reliance for the stock executives who seemed regular, no money for re-shooting scenes and the need to get a film to be FAST! This film tried hard to be the Black text of Aut Autry film - compared to Herb Jeffries instead. Jeffries was a thin-colored man from a mixture of mixture and had a star in several similar cowboy films. In each other, he sings a bit, fights a bit (though VERY wrong) and loves little - everything you need for a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is a STILL at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The general plan was not known from the Autri - full picture and electronic items such as Western phones! The problem is that despite its similarity, the low budget shines. Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) scored a few lines but they just left it, the things of the fight were not fully explained and they were among the worst in the film, there were abnormal holes, he had no back music (leave silent film) and acting was very bad. Now this does not mean that the film is not good to see - it's just a technical problem that is hindering it from being high. One auditor, oddly, scored this 10 film! How this can be all the problems it is over me. However, I can understand the person who loves the film despite many problems. The program is very good, the characters enjoy it, the number of the best music and you know that the people who are making the film have tried so trying to make it hard NA is a very important piece of American history. But 10? <br /> <br /> By the way, in an unusual form of forming, Jefferies very, lean and almost white-skin is paired with short, dumpy and unique dark Mantan Moreland .... as his brother !! Also, Spencer Williams can have your experience. Played Andy on "Amos" and Andy "TV".
