FBI STORY (1959) was Warner Bros 149 minute epic rent for the popular criminal investigation agency! From the book of Don Whitehead came the most powerful screens by Richard L. Green and John Twist and was guided by only the flair of flair and Mervyn LeRoy. However it had a colorful color picture with Joseph Biroc and a useful color for the music label Max Steiner! The movie takes the history of the Office from its beginning to the twenty years and modern times and they all saw through the records of the old Hard Hardesty agent (James Stewart) explaining his experience of Investigation - for a flashback - for a class of young teenagers. But it's all too long-wind and episodic! And as it begins to look like a series of mini TV instead of massive film production as a small weakness runs US crime gamut from bad data such as "Baby Face" Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger etc. solving out non-clean like Ku Klux Klan , Nazi track ring and Red risk. And here it is said that only for the presence of screens and appeals to his FBI star STORY would end up the forgotten disaster. In addition, this is another problem with the image - Stewart has left to carry the entire movie around alone! Except for Vera Miles - who has the responsibility of not being grateful for his long-suffering but a devoted wife - surrounded by small players! In your period you get half to expect someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or Raymond Burr to make a door of welcome as a pilot or a police chief or whatever. But there is nothing like thinking like what happened! Happy! This video can look good in the work of the Board! With the help of Stewart's description we learn about thousands of men and women working for an organization that includes hundreds of agents in the field. And we are also dealt with in the local headquarters that creates a large part of the record and we also find the details of doctors and fingers to work with each day. <br /> <br /> Other with the movie is Max Color's wonderful Steiner! Hearing on names is a powerful demonstration, a recovery and deciding when time for a beautiful picture is a fascinating theme of love. But careful attention is the attacking and frightening theme for the Ku Klux Klan series. And still better is Latin and American music composer who wrote for South American events particularly exciting Fans as links to the arrival of Federal troops on horses. The FBI STORY was one of the five symbols that the author wrote in 1959 which included "John Paul Jones" of Samuel Bronston Basin, Rom-com's most interesting "Cash McCall", western Semmer's "Delta Daves" and Daves. "Summer Summer" which came from the Youth Love Community - which was the most difficult of Steiner known as "The Theme From the Summer". <br /> <br /> The text of the FBI only on the adoption as a film thanks to the Biroc film rich, rich music of Steiner and of course Jimmie Stewart who does anything that looks like! It is not visible from FBI STORY ............. As Nick Adams (who just hit the airplane and 43 people on board, including his mother ) is led away from the command returns to the arrest officer and clapping: "If I get any letter you can use Canyon City for the next month or - after you can send HELL". Wow!
