Although there are snippets in this part of the 4-hinting documentary for the importance of reform of the law of recreational drugs, these are not very well developed, contrary to many snippets from those who feel that drugs that are currently becoming illegal are The wound which the only solution can be closed is even those who are even guilty of having such drugs. Although this program, in general, leaves the player with the impression that the drug warfare is largely practiced and lost money, and since it deserves praise, almost anything in this document speaks of the very real problem that the general war against of those who have legitimate drugs are caused by the very real causes of which most drug addicts will tell you, if they are asked, think the drug warfare is designed to solve. For example, when many minutes are used in the increase in violence associated with increased popularity of cocaine crack in 80 years, no plan does however show that the very rules designed to eliminate crack cocaine make it impossible for suppliers to impose drugs to enforce their contracts and business arrangements in legal courts, and encourage them to use violence to stay in business. But instead of seeing the law as an important factor of abuse, drugs themselves seem to take the guilt of blame. Then, to avoid alcohol, subsequent abuse, and interruption of prohibition surveillance, is completely ignored by this plan. This app will help develop non-discriminatory discrimination of drug users, and these are the most powerful forces in driving the most expensive and very addictive drugs. The possibility of importing more alcohol drugs in a happy and successful life is not affected. Excessive medication can cause personal problems, but not all users are doing more drugs, if not all users of alcohol are alcoholics. If you want someone's perspective who believes that adults have a moral right not to be imposed and that their lives have been destroyed by the criminal justice system only by the use of drugs that the government, for many reasons political arbitration rather than the fundamental reasons for social policy and legitimate science, has decided to prevent it completely, whose users have decided not-so-romantic to fight against, just forget about it. There is nothing here. On the other hand, this is not in the propaganda anti-drug group. Especially is the fascinating history of drugs in the 20th century in the United States as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA, and Oxycontin. But there is an important aspect of the perspective of the various people with regard to drug laws, and many (but not all) of those are not very worried or very skilled and have been planted for the heroic ideas of the drug, especially with respect to medicines. The most addictive marijuana. The criminal justice system, as well as its punishment for the destruction of life, is obviously not the only answer or the most correct answer to every social problem, but unfortunately there is a tragedy in the nation this as yet unknown is the name of which the basic symptoms are lack of thought in respect of social policies during certain medicines, lack of sympathy for fellow humans, resentment against people who are taking drugs that are not accepted by the government, perhaps volunteer interest in growth of the prison / police, and indifference over human dignity. It is a code of arrest or ethnicity except for a very good reason to do so, and only possession of easily selected drugs is not the reason. This is the basic issue when it comes to drugs, but this program does not know. Therefore, in general, the parts of this program that present enough history without enough users of drug users who are on the heart of the war strategy of the drug are very good and interesting and recreation. But when it comes to providing a non-radical view of the view of drug policy, and giving examples of viewers not only people with drug problems but also many people who succeed in bringing drugs into a happy and successful life, are very good.
