For years Madonna has tried to prove not himself, but the public eye, that he can act. Unfortunately, trying hard when it has not lost its self-help is not found properly. It looks better when he is not a star of any movie: if you have looked at him in a help in SEARCHING OF SASAN DESPERATELY (1985) or LEAGUE OF HIS (1992), he really comes off looking good. Since the story refers to other actors, the weight of expectations is provided to his shoulders by default. The problem begins when he is sold to a movie star, regardless of the type. To be a view of the plot that needs to be told through, if it is good, unusual or very clear, it has to do it in ways that are similar to the actual film performance against video performance. This is an important difference between Madonna and, let's say, Bette Davis, or Meryl Streep. These last two, even if the film would have failed (because the journal was not effective in providing us information, or because the script was reduced, or because the actor for the set was not his time), there would be something extra in the show which would raise the movie to be a perfect bomb. Both Davis and Streep have found their part: Bette, with more work than Streep, as well as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and STEPMOTHER WICKED (1989); Started in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there is a natural nature in both ways they attacked their roles that made us forget to ban the movie and watch the performance. Madonna, on the other hand, is not a real talented actor to give us the ability to pass someone else than himself, is increasingly more, and even in someone's hands like Woody Allen at SHADOWS AND FOG (1992), The lower session, he in his time screens of pat appears to be solved by a little trouble, maybe even scared, as if he knows the camera and staff and could not allow. So here he tries again once to prove he can act for what is essentially the movie's two character. Guy Ritchie, better known for man-made movies, looks like an adrift describing the story next to Michael interest Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who could tell the story of two people with an incredible ease. And for 89 minutes, incidents occur in a non-existent manner that during the last half comes with a story that takes radical reforms, it doesn't feel emotion. Due to being a totally sorceress and no liberation values ​​to suddenly be in love, this should be turning over 180 degrees since Laura Fay Dunaway suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones at the EYES OF LAURA MARS (1978). Similarly, they do not know what Adriano Giannini's penalty is turning to the center of the movie - it is not available and it feels true - and when she comes in to Madonna's love, it is very quickly reliable. Exploring this in slow music and visual images of beautiful and beautiful landscape does not add or add on these "changes" from what would have been the story of living among the characters uneven and love stories where both discover. /> <br /> Trying to have an incorrect end works against the film too - it just makes it fun, catching it down, and when Madonna should be shown to go from hope to destruction to close-up, it feels very trying. Many actors have done better in sending too much to do it a bit. Hers is the most effective practice for implementing the 20-year-old styles, at the end of 30 years where compensation for compensation takes part or feeling. It is possible that the film has been better? Without doubt. There are many ways to do it in a way that would leave the view of the audience that these people can at least hope to see again - have been done earlier, for OVERBOARD (1987), for example. It is possible to have a low voice in which two very different people should be interdependent but not necessarily change (to ensure a voice of values). Too many conversations and unwanted screens can be saved to watch more "silent" films - like PERSONA (1966). It could be even an exciting thing, and give that the character of Giannini has a signature meaning if Billy Zane had DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it would have been done as sex sex would have done the best for Madonna as high, control of uber-control to get to her sooner. But with his sense of humor, without at least a glimpse of his character with a thin layer that hides behind the mask of a bitchdom, and without describing the true character of Giannini, this is similar to the attempts to appear as a sex war.
