I almost saw this on a real-time film (art gallery, not less!) But it could not do it just one week of play, but yesterday I finally saw it on the cable and ... well .. I had no desire, that's certainly ! Madonna has done it again: OUR BOMB! When will this woman read? When will students learn? (Or maybe they already, since this film was largely cast, with little fanfare and word-mouth-death.) One can expect to be led by her talented husband, who created some interesting and / or entertaining work, bring out the same quality Madonna demonstrated in "Search for deeply Susan"; alas, it is not meant to be, for he is here, at his worst: of course he has already believed on his own greatness, smugness facing every shape he is in, made all over to fail and his faking of growing faux-UK, The emphasis is that it only shows the fact that his voice of speaking is common in quality and not particularly interesting. This may seem cruel without unnecessary but listen to the woman, and see her films, say, ten years ago: as the last day of Bette Davis, there is an impossibility brittleness not just her car but with her face and body, which here, despite the warm image shown in all the films (perhaps it is his grace to save only), it is not recommended grace. With his loan, the whole thing is misleading that the man is wondering if the world's greatest actor in his best day can do anything for this mess. No one who is saved survives: Bruce Greenwood actually seems to have the scars of a screens, although poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to pretend that she is actually in something good, which was me thinking all the time, "Refusing not just a river in Egypt!" Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, the Italian natural star, "He left ...", is like his father before him, very interesting, and not quite bad (despite winning Razzie appointed for "Bad Doctor"), but, next to everything else about this production, it all comes back to Madonna, whose shoulders are guilty. Why did he? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Who do you think behind this remake? What player does not want almost every shot of the movie to be based on it, and no one of the relatives shared the screen? Indeed, Ritchie deserves to be blamed: surely he - or someone - ALL! - he should have, and he could, took his side and insist on something related to ACTUAL FEELING in his study lessons (for its performance is wood is all the other surprises caught splinters), or at least showing the image of heat ... but he seems chronic to be nothing but a black film hole. Above and beyond anything else, this is a vain project for his star so he ultimately is responsible. Such a film, "Unusual marriage", a class of classes, should be lighter and fun, and leaders who can overcome the courage, even romantic, dialogue, why another film in which a two-party plot, has been true ? In fact, I don't think anyone involved knew exactly what they tried; it works even if the comedy (I hate you laugh even once) or romance (Madonna's ice-princess routine to prevent any chemistry). It's not bad even for us lovers of bad movies to enjoy. Real shame ...
