I lost this film the other night because there was no partner or I ever seen, although we had heard from a friend of the sex "how great it was". Now, I am very conservative opinion, but I knew to go into it would have been a good independence to be given who led. I thought before I started the movie Michael Douglas could play the most compassionate loved people, and there would be an arrogant arrogant arrogant like his opponent. But I thought that where the political information will begin and end. Well, the plot was established: The sole President falls to lobbyist. Well, this is probably I thought it was a good entertainment, since the plot was unique. But then the movie turned into a liberal infomercial. The movie became more on gun control and environmental issues than related to the relationship between President and Sydney (Annette Bening). <br /> <br /> There were several ignorant buildings in this movie: 1) The Sydney character playing this six figure of lobbyist who is "close". Could he be more than a bird? He had a constant destruction and appeared in fear of everything. It is impossible to "close". I am sales, and could not "fast" to sell a glass of water to a dead person. 2) Secondly, is there anything more than Richard Dreyfuss who plays the right wing consultant? This is the most liberal person in Hollywood and he is certainly playing the wing wing. Give me a break. I loved how he did his conservative behavior and made him a sinner as possible. <br /> <br /> 3) The speech at the end was very simple. The verse about "I am a proud card with a ACLU member" was a joke. First, no president will accept such a thing, being a strong member of the ultra group. Second, why not even bring something like that. You are excluded more than half of the film going to viewers who are moderate or conservative. I thought the plot was good and special. I thought Michael Douglas was a good choice as president. But the movie began to be "film" on the left political profile of the wing, that's why the movie failed. It is embarrassing to see a great deal destroyed by Hollywood by imposing their political views on viewers
