* WARNING * Contains PEOPLE! I would like to start by saying I have a great respect for Gillian Anderson's great talent as a different and brave actor - why can't I understand the reasons for accepting this film once he saw the script (or lack thereof) < br /> <br /> The film's background was, in my opinion, a great idea and there was a real theme to stimulate ideas there but it ended as a soufflé had fallen. It is an example of what I hate 99% of UK movies. It hears too long, it's terrible, in many places, and not many happens after the first twenty minutes. Only when you think there is a chance to lift a certain speed disappointment like Paula Radcliffe runs a marathon. With a little imagination and a little plot, there is not much to keep the audience from hitting their popcorn. With the script I could just discover that the author was trying to save a few trees, and the usual place to read something along the line "Alice: F *** OFF!" Adam looks at Adam coming into the trees (Alice follows) Alice: ADAM! ADAM! "I testify that, word by word, the participants could be paid more than Kate Moss did with his Virgin Mobile. What a few verses there were so many variations with the regular use of f-word that would make a friend of Bridget Jones, Shazza, There is a little introduction to the main characters before the main event of the evil that leaves the audience with no mercy to more direct characters 'Oh that's terrible' reaction. Alice is not the type of woman whose court of mercy either. a big, London apartment with an apartment and a roof space to die yet he comes to the screen if he feels, bitter and unhappy before his life takes place for the worst. what he is this way to start with; he grew up with a tough-aged soldier who thought that teaching him how to beat his gun was The last example of such love, instead of following his steps, fled to the big city to find something to make him feel like his life should be. Instead he found a group of Toffs in the middle of the competition which is seen under anyone not rich enough to run the Lexus with the stability that comes with an integrated security / entertainment system (ie Mrs Robinson for wanting to be a broad Cockney electrical). One grace saving of this character is that he plays with Gillian Anderson. In the hands of the young actor he would have been directly defeated but Mrs. Anderson could manage the short time of humanity in a lifeless person, especially when he sincerely apologizes for the road to a free attempt to stop his attackers going on with their attack. I can't say that Adam succeeded. Danny Dyer played well as the fish-out of the Jack the Lad but the good performance could not save him from the lack of script and the general lack of natural behavior. This film was highly dependent on the value of shock but the time had been removed and it was also very connected from start to finish. For the shock, the most amazing thing about this film is the disgrace of how much pain Ms. Anderson has been; it was almost like separating to see if the incidents of brutal attacks. On the other hand, only in the UK film would have been a group of gender-based gender attackers taking time to give each family planning before they continue to convince their partners - talking about the mouth-top-mouth taken very much! If this is a type of film that the National Lottery is giving money to do then I'm not surprised that a few people and a few choose to use their pound each week. Saying that I hated this film is giving you a very big loan, I didn't care enough about any characters to prove that a strong feeling. I want one hour and hour of my life, please!
