Well where do you start here? Straightheads gives me a little trouble. It had this film coming from Italy inside, say, in 1975, caused by Ruggero Deodatto and star David Hess, then I'd like to leave it faster than Labrador to drink the summer day. Because Tarantino and Rodriguez are working elsewhere with their worship on the grindhouse cinema, Dan Reed has photographed a British rape / revenge, and on such a budget it would have taken Rodriguez to turn Rose McGowan's foot in a machine gun. Because if you want to play the bingo grindhouse, then I would like to move 'number': <br /> <br /> 1. The rich, the woman with flying work meets little from the wrong side of the songs in an improper and, evenly implausibly, gets hots for it. See. <br /> <br /> 2. Free women's shots on top-flying work in various dirt states. See. 3. The development of an enabling and unlikely strategy that puts people who are only present to do what they are doing and who cannot think of being out of the events they have entered. See. The part of the rape is not mandatory from a group of men who have no greater knowledge of personality or history than they were for rape. See. > <br. Bingo! <br /> <br /> Plotwise, Straightheads are basic basic elements: Dyer meets Anderson and invites him to a party in a country that is owned by his boss. On the way home, they charged three locals in Landover who are retaliating by giving Dyer a good shoeing and a group of Anderson. Couples then began to repeat revenge. So far, so "Vegetable Dogs", "Late Night Train", "The House of the Park", "I will hit You On Your Wave" etc. etc. Why didn't I think so much of this film? Several reasons: I think first, that the love of Gillian Anderson in prima facie precedes it causes me to expect better, but it is a complete lack of trust here than many more. <br /> Because everyone sits down to look at Hess and destroy his women and kill their people during the 70-year period, then they know everything they get - the lowest budget scales that are only made to scare and appeal to denominations more common. Baddies are bothering and killing things, talent turning on baddies and being killed, and everyone goes home satisfied, their desire to see so much vicious violence was set and safe for the knowledge that world orders have been restored. <br /> <br /> As a writer and director however, Dan Reed clearly believes that Straightheads has more to say about the status of the human psyche than that, and he tries to deepen his film in the depths of non-existent philosophy . For example, when Anderson and Dyer take revenge on their attackers, they learn that one of the fighters has a fourteen-year-old daughter who is desperate for two men living with them. When Anderson finally encountered him face to face, he confessed that he just wanted him as a stressful so that his two men would take their attention away from his daughter !!! The most common and independent way that Reed eliminates this little revelation on the plot is just a jaw-stop, it's almost as if he expects this simple reference to pedophilia to be enough to give us a vision of a moral audience in overdrive and make them leave movies to think they are just sitting through something of importance. In order to ensure that we 'get', for this point we are shown through a series of rape for a second time, of course due to the view of the striker and his concern for his daughter, but Reed ensures that we get more and more shots of Anderson's shots and dealt with on the bonnet. his car. We can't get into it. After being told his reasons for cheating, Anderson tied him on the table, the last sniper rifle of the sniper (complete with the bulky silencer, just like anyone was not '' '' '). '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '"'" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "Dyer says otherwise and their moral problem has been presented as something that Wittgenstein and Russell can be discussed in their back rooms in Cambridge on tea and cake. almost unhealthy for his ignorance. \ tTo be right, Mrs. Anderson is doing her work in the film. It is clear that she wants to leave behind and bless her, she certainly does; a man wondering what Mulder could do for her partner when the same way to pick up a mess on the side of the road and then take a gun? Dyer, on the other hand, does what he did next to every film made so far - ie, plays blumey guv cockney type chappie and roguish grin, a cheeky line of patter and the face that most people ha they will be able to get tired of burning. This is especially true in the closing area which, after being killed by its attackers in the cold blood, Dyer looks at the camera inside, what I'm sure it should be, see the pain of the existence that urges us to the fate of the hand that he did to him and the events. of the values ​​he had to overcome, but rather it was more than a reminder of Oliver Hardy looking very closely at the camera after Stan stood in another beautiful mess. Which event, calculates this film very well.
