Unless I am sadly sad, I spent one night on Elm 3 years ago and there was a music video, I am very sure what was called Dream Warriors, at the end of it, and I used this on DVD hope that the video would be there because it was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. It's amazing how things from 80 years are very good, but there is no funnier than 80 rap videos. There was this rap group singing Dream Warriors on the VHS version of this movie after the credit, and all dressed like denim coverings that did not have a down shirt and suitable jewelry forms are all lost in bonds like Daisy Dukes. What can make the rap group seem more stupid than I can think. At any rate, I was desperate for the video in the DVD version, so all I had was this series of Freddy Krueger series. The type of film starts with the same idea as part 2, and the main character that preaches all kinds of fury and then kind of come out of the trance and find it with the hands of blood. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a problem with the attractive house that Nancy Thompson lived, then runs the bathroom, the shaft covers turning into Freddy's hands and attacking her, and then rises up in her bathroom after catching her own wrists. From there, the movie turns into a normal phase of mental hospital. Larry 'Fishburne, tired always playing bad man in his roles, was happy to take a place in this film as a good-husband of the order, bright but living when patients want to blow the bend says a bit. Not surprisingly, he returns to what goes beyond and closes the best performance in the movie. Arquette later continues to be an accomplished actor, but he was not perfecting his ability to act when he had a star in this film. The characters in the movie are more sick all at the mental hospital in which Kristen is placed after cutting his hands. They are all arrogant and uninformed, almost no one believes they are real. Finally, they know and are able to convince employees that they all have a dream about that person and not just some kind of group hysteria. Heather Langenkamp has returned to her famous position as Nancy Thompson, this time she has been a dreamer of her childhood experience with Freddy Krueger. Not surprisingly, he has the ability to engage quickly with Kristen's hysterical and other patients, since he had learned exactly what they were doing. There are some interesting killings in this phase, and the technology used for special effects has taken a big jump. There is a gigantic, worm like Freddy who tries to swallow the whole Kristen, there is a scene where the television turns in Freddy and with mechanical weapons he takes one of the patients there for some night of the night entertainment and accusing him of staying too close to TV, but there is also a real estate go where the boys are fighting with Freddy Krueger's bones, which has been rotten in the trunk of a car in a junkyard car. And one of the most interesting events was one where Freddy visited one of the patients in his dream (known for sleeping), breaking the muscles and muscles out of the arms and legs and taking him closer as a bed. Or. We get the old Freddy playback in this phase. Not only did we meet his mother, but we also find a situation that has caused Freddy to be born with more than 100 maniacs. In fighting Freddy, all the sick patients together, and in their dreams, uses their special powers (which many show their shortage in real life) to fight him. One pupil, tied to a wheel, can walk in his dreams, another has the power of what he calls 'Teacher Teacher,' another is 'good and bad' (he has a lot to do, his hair stands in Mohawk's feet, and has knives. Wise, but the movie ceases when it has only one patient, who cannot speak, have no authority in his dreams until the peak of the movie, when he knows that he can talk in his dreams (just at the right time to save the day). His dream power was very clear that it was left out for a long time, but together, now you see why the film was named Warriors of the Dream. Overall, this is not a complete entry into the series. Acting is a good shoddy, but it's really good for horror movie. Larry Fishburne is on the rest of the cast, showing the skills of making the slogan early in his career, and the movie is not just fixing one of the first two? The problem that affects Friday's 13 more movie films of Elm Street. Participants are not sufficiently developed to allow a lot of tension in the future, that is why many deaths come more like creative ways to kill someone in a horrible film than to lose the life of one of the characters we know and calm their victory over evil. But again, not many horror movies take time to develop their characters to the point where you lose your hands in defeat when they are killed, or are the edge of your seat when they live their lives. But it is important to note that several shocking films that make it almost entirely good?
