The EVELYN night came from the player (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). I looked at this delightful Euro-tosh piece through the release of a DVD-Dread DVD video (it looks like a very bad video-transfer), but from what I saw, it is not almost interesting enough to buy a DVD of No Shame release soon. Considering their good track record, it will undoubtedly be the greatest improvement on all previous releases. And don't listen to the cover shown here, not taken from this film (a girl with a head looking like Jim Carrey). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti star Western star Anthony Steffen hair hair hair and replace Mr. Alan Cunningham, the man who was beaten by his wife's death Evelyn. This is caused by nervous breakdowns that remain in the mental clinic. Once released, Cunningham explains this sadness by taking red critics on his country's backyard, causing them to commit horrible acts of torture. His doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (what do you mean, the Italian names of sounds "created?"), Suggests forgetting the old and remarrying but Cunningham is considered by Evelyn and even organizing the meeting in the castle. Finally, after killing more girls, she meets Gladys, another redhead, and marry her immediately, but the arrival of her new wife produces a series of bad events. The blood creatures are beaten into the family of Sir Alan, killing them directly. Having more difficulty, Cunningham visits Evelyn's tomb and finds it empty. Recently, a few of "out" are beginning to denounce something of the fish going on in the castle and the treatment of Lord Cunningham may not be successful after all. Director Emilio Miraglia tries to combine the fears of Gothic and Giallo meetings with limited efficiency. As always, it is not a little effort made to convince the film viewers in the UK. Car cars on the right side of the road, everyone looks very Mediterranean and the castle (and other architecture) is easily Italian. This is usually common in Italian fear, but sometimes it takes this very little. Bad printing made this even a little bear, since it is dark, you can't see a lot of environments however. But, again, this is a type of film where anything can happen in the name of exploitation and show the reality is not a real issue. Most of the events have political incidents in the castle room, but often, Anthony Steffen passes this way and shows some horrible. I think it all depends on your mental state and this can be a piece of fun if you have a good condition. I can't just take it, at least not to publish it. A good score though with Bruno Nicolai which combines easy tunes to listen to the numbers of psychedelic rock. Cameras Obscura --- 4/10
