I wondered why I didn't like Peggy Sue Got Married more than I did, when it came out in 1986, with all the feelings. Somehow I've got the character of Nic Cage off-set. Way off-set. Then the plot did not seem to be meaningful. Then at the end of the credit, the question was reminded: What did this film do? What was it? The answer, unfortunately, was not much, as nothing. I don't think this movie aims to make a statement; unless "your life is your life, you will make the same mistakes no matter what, so take care of your eye, not a hole". It is not a very good explanation, and I'm sorry, not very popular in this film. Just writing is not good. The direction is not compatible, and it is very strange at times. Kathleen Turner was the best, and in my opinion, it is just a matter of this movie, and doing something of a miracle to create a whole character with an incredible, unspecified, and script that didn't have visible information to do. It also eventually opened my secret for my main because I didn't enjoy most of this film. He says in his history that the Cage made a move to fight the direction of his uncle Coppola every step of the way, doing "his own way" (not a good idea for a new actor), and put a goofy voice called "fool". His voice was outrageous, compulsory and unusual, and his behavior was frightening and spread like a little boy. I understand what he tried to do: play the little boy "hot shot" who is not hot if he thinks he is, put his own karma to the future failure. But he goes up, the way he does is abrasive, not effective, and if he had listened to his uncle instead of "fighting with Man", we would have a more enjoyable film. Cage stimulates little by its exciting voice on the film and often looks like a real person, and these events seem more than others. But if I had to look at the film in full, I would have wanted to pay someone to L.A. pour a bucket of water on his head during some of his most affected events. <br /> <br /> The movie does not aim to notice, it is not worth sure, it is good to watch unless Cage makes the inspiration of Elvis held (but without voice), and finally, to combine and waste time. From all of this, Kathleen Turner certainly deserved Oscar in this horror movie. I can't advise anyone to spend two hours looking at this, unless you like Turner and have a village to take all its events. I don't believe, you forget anything by shouting another, and it will make a lot of insight. Kathleen Turner gets lots of criticism from critics about his Cage views, which proves that he is strong to be honest, and hell and other people's views. You're going, Turner! I am not a fan of this actor more than I am the first actor or actor, but his celebrity is comforting. Acting Cage can be a good distortion, and here it does not work. At least, in this film, now we know why.
