Alan (Anthony Steffen), the English Millionaire with a few shortcomings (thanks to the loyalty of his first wife and during childbirth), attracts women, red-colored women on her fortress, giving them money bonds to stay at the weekend . As soon as he returns to his father's pile, he finds nekkid, he keeps beating with a whip, and then kills them. But when she meets Gladys blonde (Marina Malfatti) and falls for her many charms, she decides to stop her killings and get married. Their marriage advice is short-lived, however, because of Alan's Iffy's mental attitude, which becomes very uncomfortable when his dead wife Evelyn begins to appear outside her window and killing gruesome occurs inside the castle field. / So let us again: fear of Euro-70 of groovy and loads of tasty women in various states of cancellation; Gothic barriers and spoons of misty; the rich psychology of the depressed and frail children for retired and dead children and bods; A number of bad killings (including very little where one victim has his head hit by a rock and its joints used by fox). Typically, such a list can help me in a good time? Why did I see 'Evelyn's Eve Night Come From His Pocket'? In fact, at the beginning, the plot is also way down: there are red dirt, plot development, and suspects, and it all becomes very little. By despair? When we find out, every time, several people have been building a plan to get their horns on the greed of Alan, and that our red head of kill nut-work should be a hero of the movie? my head was so hurting to take care of! Second, the focus of Emilio Maraglia is very good. Good, yes; but as slow as regular molasses. And then there are bits that are just too much silly, perhaps even with giallo: death and poisonous snake bite (certainly one of the most extraordinary choices of arms ever); Alan Agatha's aunt, a disabled relative who plays with a beautiful woman; recruitment of the blondes that had been like girls; The poor attempt to convince viewers that the film has been installed in the UK (refer to 'pounds' and lease the police ranks to decorate with extra bonus extra); and then, of course, there is a search for a sulfuric acid that is close to the swimming pool ... <br /> <br /> 'Evelyn's Eve Come From Her Guest' is not a perfect waste of time (how it can that, and the very female body on the show?), but there is the best giallo out there. See this one if you are a fan of type and have you ever seen better? But don't expect too much.
