Mr. Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a nutjob [saw earlier trying to escape the insane escape], with this fortress diminishing slowly, he wants to kill young ones who resemble Evelyn's wife who has died, a woman who has looked down on someone else, and the red locks. This quotation is quite rich and its knowledge can be quite interesting. He, however, has been beaten by his vanity and the memory of his late wife (especially his adultery) he saw naked and his girlfriend). When Evelyn's memory is about to destroy her whole life, Alan tries to find true love and believes she is with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who uses many films ... it is only her reputation since she is not a very good actor), who admits marrying her after a very short time that should lose the flag once there is a special time of conversation where she knows a great deal about what she deserves. (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other important characters in this film around Alan. Alan's brother, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be a good friend who often gives victims. I mean a date, hoping to get his master's property someday. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, is a testimony to the assassination of Alan and, instead of taking him to the police, he gives money. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), wrapped in wheels, lives in a fortress of the castle and is often seen striking around the broken doors. Later we find that he has a loving relationship with Albert. Everything that has been described on the whole story service that shows what appears to be Evelyn's haunting haunting spirit of Alan, someone is killed members of the planned family around Alan, and Evelyn's body was actually not there. The last question is who does the crime after Alan and Gladys are married, where is Evelyn's body, and where will Alan be? go on the edge? I need to be honest and say I didn't have a great service for this film. It is very serious and pacing is located on the place. It seems to be good on a new DVD and "growing from the sequence of the grave" is cool, but what is so painful the film in my mind is that the whole cast was not possible. In fact you have a difficult time to take care of Alan because she is a psychotic who has skating on thin ice related to keeping her sanity. He can be quite fragile. Who is doing the crime is not really a great surprise for after several key characters are killed, there are no few options that they can do. What happens to Alan is not true that makes your throat throat because you can make the move only gets the right one. Those behind the entire film program about Alan, as I said earlier, are not surprising because if you know only a certain situation (or the benefits that would have had) that would benefit from the Alan fall, then everything comes under stellar . I thought that the editing was ineffective, but acting from the whole cast is actually under par. A certain stylistics assistant and there is a hobby of the Gothic situation in a series of monuments to help others.
