This film is just another destruction, among many obstacles, on so-called 'well-being'. Please note that 'Pastor Billy', actor (Bill Talen), is not more than a government official against 'use of'. We may ask questions, like: 'What does Billy Billy do for living? How does he make his money? What? Does he do his life in his taxi organization? What? Internal Revenue proves this as a "tax-paid" church or organization? Everyone knows that Christmas is a business, but offers one day out of the year where people have the opportunity to have support, and allows a lot of people to spend time with their family, friends, or family extended. Everyone is not helpful. Everyone does not spend time with family, friends, or extended families. But, during holidays and holidays give people opportunities and opportunities. Yes, America does not have more than its share of trouble - but, with patience, Americans and always makes serious problems. And, even during a conflict, America has proven itself to be the world's largest country. It happens when Americans are pulling together and pulling, rather than separating and dividing. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but it will take Americans to return to small banks, as well as the values ​​of serving people in our own communities. Yes, globalization has brought us its share of problems, but it will take Americans to bring back to America. Americans and the Government of U.S. they need to learn how to stay in the budget, no matter how big or small, and we must stop our dependence on the loan. Our dependence on the loan will do, and put us poor, from childhood to grave. It is important to buy - but, if we buy a little, we will depend on the loan. And, if we can save, even a small amount of money, we will have money for the rainy day. It is not to say that, as Americans, we will get the same part of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed, and has never been guaranteed. But, stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans hold most of the wealth of America. There is a good proximity that you or I can achieve a high level, middle class. And, who knows what can happen there? Be good, work hard - and, even less, you and I'll reach at least some (if not all) of our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have it to reach. And, if you or I don't have a dream, we can also die. In America, there is always a lot of hope and dream. As individuals, we are part of the pack, but we can always be the leader of the pack. It has been my experience that churches and religions offer anything more than distracting, but I pay respect and respect to people who have faith, values, and other attitudes. But, apart from the perversion shown, in this film, I do not have faith in such beliefs, values, and attitudes. I put this film with 1 out of 10 - but, with all the honesty and truth, this film deserves zero. This film has no integrity, and I can't recommend it.
