What happened? That's the first words to come to mind after this bad finish movie for the first and last time on my computer screen. Dream on Elm St. it had gone down after the classic rites of the first film, but I doubt anyone expected this terrible destruction. No one expected this cosmic joke of the film, and nobody bothers me more than I do. This is the worst films of many. It doesn't seem too bad at first, for a really intro intro and an area of ​​swimming that includes Alice. But then we hit hit the rock right at the beginning with the worst acting and jumbled series of events. I mean, Freddy's movies should be like a dream and exciting, but this is like a fall of trains in a poor collection of events and introducing a bad plot. It feels like you're coming down with a headache, not if you're scared. So guide completely defeat. There is not even a strong fear caused by the well-being from the sequels found here, and even death events are more than just destruction and morality (death for food especially), except for the same cold climate that is produced as a comic war book. That's why this film gets a point. <br /> <br /> Story story ... blind, blind, blind, lust. It was an excuse for adults outside and making a presentation of MPAA, and nothing more. It is worth mentioning how Freddy has been transformed into a young student boy as a child. ? How did his new birthplace make him like a monster from a book of seven-year-old rather than a nightmare and a nightmare who was known and lost since the first film? The power of the arm and the stupid has emerged as seen again ... ugh. And its one liner, too. In the whole movie, it exploits. Still. The bridge trainer can come with funnier items and the events of Freddy reveal in 90 minutes of film. Hell, chimpanzee can come up with many funnier lines than what Freddy has been told to say here. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is irritating, too. It seems so useless. Like tomatoes around your head, tomatoes that will not leave. Freddy is just hate now. We have seen him many times before. This is not different, and when you just want to pick up one of its evil and turn off your TV screen. Alice, instead of a thoughtful and quiet girl from the last movie, seems to be angry and very, and this is clear from the terrible script, awesome this movie was closed. Lisa Wilcox can be a good actor, and sometimes shines through cracks here, but can't save this film. Other players only raise, especially. The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's presence in this film is bad and embarrassing. I hope Englund this shame. Who wants to see Freddy running around like a gorilla made with his feet beaten, laughing like a cartoon man? This movie destroyed anything that I felt for the Nightmare series. I can't look at them again without this picture via my head; The disgusting cartoons which Krueger became. He was slow to be proud, a few lost cultural pop, but this is the lowest. This is under the rock. No one will take Freddy Krueger with weight again after seeing this film. He is not just, but a joke, a clown which is much longer than retirement. It is sad. All the movies that I could hate, why was it supposed to be a dream about Elm St, the series I had loved so much and loved it? The child of Fantasy represents the death of the story, and lost any hope I had in the dream of Elm St. Freddy would continue to develop his low status in second mode, Freddy's Dead (which was more entertaining than this was, indeed) , and then he would continue to overcome feelings in Freddy VS Jason, and finally would put anything, which is the best. <br /> <br /> I know this has been so often on why Freddy is trying now, but this film is a whole, awesome, and one of the worst movies made. It does not recommend anyone, and even ANSEES will conclude they don't want to see it again.
