I am still trying to determine whether the initial phase was worse than this, or vice versa. Since it is almost fifteen years since I got this film, the fact that I remember very little about it is not good enough. It's probably because I just watched it once or twice, but I'm sure. If there is anything worth remembering about this film, you can make sure I will remember it. At that time the film was released, the franchise was still entering its death phase, so the main source of the media was given. It is not a good sign when teenie pop newspapers contain details of the plot. One passage was to explain that Freddy was too weak to affect the dreams of older men, so he decided to go after a baby born to Alice. So far, it is very good, but this is the work of the author or director to explain to the audience. Should not be left for some unrelated printing. Using the procedure found in the third section on Freddy's pregnancy, one can expect the events that could raise the joke from the "fear of infant", but alas, that was not there. It goes to show the powerful idiocy system of the US ratings that a piece of Bharni-esque trash like this can get a rating equal to the awesome piece like the original. At this time, the franchise could not attract anyone to work work. Fortunately, or unfortunately according to how you look, Lisa Wilcox was present to provide the appropriate quotient of acting. Or maybe she seems to be able to compare with all others. Any way, given that his last role was in something called The All New Adventures of Chastity Blade, I doubt that he had anything else to do. Even the old elder Robert Englund has had a better crop than the past fifteen years. Because of the return of the box office it was in a slow drop, and not just for this franchise, then they thought that these studios would realize that their films would not make it more rewarding. In fact, this special film, like its immediate predecessor, was not neutered that not only failed to attract new listeners, all succeeded in separating the primary audience who previously supported the franchise. In spite of this, the fifth part should be given a loan for lack of a strong, consistent sense that made the fourth part calm. I donated the way on Elm Street Part Five out of ten. By trying to appeal to everyone, or the idea of ​​everyone's MPAA, it is possible to attract anyone. As two and four parts, one can wipe it from continuous, and no one will see the difference.
