This is crap .... crap completely. I can't believe any company can even get people working on a film like this. Full month has several bad films, but this should be worse. First, the plot does not exist. It's odd. It's like, they took the idea for the story, and the kind of never came close to it. They seemed to have lost a lot of time photography out of the shot when the two "heroes" were wandering in the wilderness, and Bradbury's negotiations had no concept for 10 minutes. and Bradbury are driving where it continued and ... it was almost like two music videos where they should be some dialogue or action. They just drove him for 5 minutes, without nothing but music and shots of the surrounding environment. <br /> <br /> Then, we're coming to acting, which is just awesome. First, the girl who plays Dazzy is just an animal. She is looking very terrible, I wanted to look away when she was on the screen! Send awesome. Then, you have a boy who played Dez, who can't do as his life depends on. "Right" to him really is funny, and his mad antics is even funnier. The boy who makes a desk at the hotel is very bad, like a boy playing Bradbury. There was no acting that should be identified in any film. <br /> <br /> Effects of decision making ... hmmm, do you? Is there anyone who can say pathetic? "Effects" were very fake, they were coming out. A little robot to look at a catepillar thing facing someone, rejects it, and when it comes back, the boy has a physical fake look. Good. What did they lose money on the preparation budget or what? I must say a chick of druggie who is in the same girl's apartment ... good makeup there too. I think they're going to look for a drugu, and I think he needed to have a black man, but it looks more like a beautiful cheap makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is just awesome from the beginning. The story is so stupid and very, very unusual, the trend looks like a 10-year-old tho, acting is quite low, and so on. Leave this film at all costs. It is only 70 minutes for the first time, and 20 minutes are taken by music or no conversation or behaviors close to the hotel. Don't waste your time on this trash piece.
