SPOILERS: I am always surprised by how many people pay this game reviews technically. It was very bad. The document and the voice that made it alone destroyed it. Gabriel and Grace are the most characters in the game. You almost apply for their deaths. And worse, there are less vampires in this game than were Werewolves in the Beast inside. The lack of real vampires was very incredible. If you expect a certain story of Vampire Anne's Rice Rice, you should forget it. The story of this game is not much related to vampires. You can't even see even on the ultimate and even so, you can't get to fight with them. <br /> <br /> The story has a radical, and very much abusive, Christian view. I wonder it was on the drawing board. I am not a Christian and I have seen that anger. Typically, the story spinning looking for the Holy Grail and buried treasures. The princess, who would be centered, should push aside. There is no sense of emergency Gabriel getting a child. In fact, almost never asks anyone about a child after a short time of prevention. <br /> <br /> Images are very bad. The characters move around the snail's speed even on the best systems. They are chunky and of time. And it's hard to go from FMV's Animal into this terrible engine for the Blood of the Holy One. The relationship between Gabriel and Grace takes a bad step, too. I don't know why it was so frightening, but they sleep together. And it's not fun. Gabriel uses many games to tell his friend Mosely how he thinks Grace as more sister and she doesn't think she is the one. And he seems really that they slept together. But he is very different in the game, that almost cares about even then. His discussion was the worst in the game. And he was having sex with every female girl all the game. At the end of the game, Grace leaves her with what appears to be a letter of loved ones John. I think he had been with him as many players were. I have seen the story to be frightening and stirring. I expected to play the story of a princess who was captured by vampires. And I expected to see and fight vampires, maybe even have Gabriel or Grace turn it into one. But no. Instead, the story was based on the vision of the Christian writer. It's a shame. Here they had things for a great adventure, and instead we got this. To me, the only interesting parts of the game were the ultimate end. We find puzzles of a few practical actions. But he had no value for suffering through the whole game to reach them. <br /> <br /> I can't recommend this game. I found it again when it came out, years ago, and I hated the game engine so much that I have put it for many years. I just recently wiped it to see what I had lost. And now, I'm so sorry that I did. My famous characters were destroyed. I hope there will be just a fourth game to redeem the series. And I hope they get the future. It would be an embarrassing shame to end the series with this phase.
