"The Blood of the Holy, Blood of Destruction" is the third phase of Gabriel Knight games, a series of adventure games about a roguish author / investigator, Gabriel Knight. Gabriel and his colleague, Grace, have been asked by Prince James of Albany to explore a series of extraordinary attacks with those called "night guests." Prince James's son has been kidnapped, Gabriel pursues night guests in Rennes and Ch창teau, where he begins to unify the mystery related to the Holy Grail. <br /> <br /> Despite the sale, this game does not apply to violence. Vampires have the appearance of a sign in the game, but never ordered the station center, such as voodoo shown in the "Meaning of Fathers" or waswolves in the "Animal Inside." Gabriel and Grace do not attempt to reveal the realities of vampires, or to explore losing on vampires. Although vampires kill three people during the game, their victims are easily selected and not connected to the main plot. Much of the charm of Gabriel Knight's first two tablets were in relationships that Gabriel created by criminals. Through these relationships, the player could not help but feel sympathy with man, and so the villain was transformed into more than a man and under the monster. However, in the "Blood of the Holy," only Gabriel's personal relationship with man is through one interview, cheesy, which has nothing to love villain for the player. <br /> <br /> The responsibilities that Gabriel and Grace play in this secret are free. Gabriel spends his time with the attributes of a group of treasure hunters who live in his hotel, but what he discloses is nothing more than a celebration. Grace uses her time to reflect the mystery of Rennes and Ch창teau, but all her research is given because of the presence of a concerned partner who has known the answer to this secret for centuries. The action of this problem is the partner and the opposite of polar --- the leader of the vampire --- cannot be held. The member gives a comment on Rennes and Ch창teau's secret for the day and expects Grace (and not other treasure hunters from the tour group) to find them. However, he could open the secret to Grace for 1 day, instead of placing the child in danger for 48 hours. And finally, he explains all the hidden grace in full. At the same time, the vampire leader cannot achieve the goals of the planning age, because he chooses to avoid the action for two days after the kidnapping of the child. The only reason given for his decision to delay the action is that he wants to please his victory. <br /> <br /> The game would be much better if you concentrated on the Holy Grail. Trophies and sanctions should not be removed, instead of running against the Vatican to reveal the secret of Rennes and Ch창teau. Since Gabriel is shown more than once as fearless Catholics, these conflicts would have many opportunities for character development. For all, the game was a desperate phase in the series, despite the best interface and the return of Tim Curry as the voice of Knight Gabriel.
