I don't know where to start, so I'll start with a snippet from behind the cover of this film. Alive combines the Cube's Vincenzo Natali and Versana himself. I haven't seen Versus, so I can't comment on that, but I think Cube was the best movie that I recommend to everyone. However, in this case the person has mixed up the "tension" and "weight". <br /> <br /> I'll go ahead and destroy the whole plot, because instead of being a white Swiss cheese plot, also moldy cheese, and the movie is not suitable to use at any time even if you don't know the plot before, so it doesn't matter. If I have never understood the plot, do not attack - perhaps because I had trouble keeping my eyes open. So the US army at Nevada once lost the UFO in Nambi. This seems to be meaningful because they are all deserted for sure they are almost the same place. Different continents or not. Monkey broke into the UFO and found something of a foreigner who was sent to a Japanese researcher who had to eat a monkey to live in the desert. Whatever it is. The object of the visitor is now being taken for anyone who is "blood" enough to kill the current host. The Japanese forces want to use it for military matters, so they decide to do it from the current host (daughter of researcher) for other dude. But instead of taking someone out of the army, which is full of people who are blood and already on the military side, they decide that it is probably a good idea to take crime out of the death line instead. Oh, and the reason they incite this offender from the line of death is because he was the first person in the history of death because of a non-risk electrical shock which is a common practice, because everyone dies from the placebo effect. when they feel. I don't know if they do that so they can get into the staff room where everyone dies but not death, or if they just want to reduce the electricity bill. Then the movie turns into what the Matrix would have been if it was too blind, and the clashes of clashes give us tears for what it feels like an hour. And oh wait, now recall that you already had a dude infected with the alien thing, so the whole movie until this point was actually quite a waste of time and also human life. Then everyone dies. Finally. Just one time in a movie where I don't want to stop and sleep or eat sandwich instead, it was when the dude was hit on the wall through the chest through his chest, and he leaned on the other and the other walked. The girl depends on the wall says "I have pain, shoot me". And the dude alive looks at him, and not whether he's a dude mean or nothing, so he looks really sad and does not want a guy on the wall to suffer. So it strikes. Pause rhetorical. <br /> <br /> In the stomach. "Gee THANKS FREAKIN 'HEAP."
