Pier Paolo Pasolini, or Pee-pee-pee as I would like to call him (because of his love to show the male organs), perhaps the European Marxist's finest director - and they are a lot less. How anyone can see the "art" in this cheap sex-fighting combat is beyond me. Some of the "stories" here can be directly from the bottom film's porn movie, and I am not even very much referring to weaknesses but easy to ban, often trivial stories. Anyone who enjoyed this abnormal look but dumb must enter his teeth in the "Der Schulmaedchenreport" soft-porn German 70s series of films, because that's what "Decameron" looks like me. Besides, the movie is next to all levels, from beginning to end: <br /> <br /> 1. Editing. Example: 1 hour: 15 minutes: 45 seconds there is a buffer zone that clearly exposes the wrong place. It had to be kept about a minute later, but I think that Pasolini must employ powerful editors who have no time for "good" information to make decisions. Pee-pee-pee fans could deal with this by saying that it was put there on purpose - which I doubt very much. Besides, even if that was true, that would be worse, because the story is not worth anything to make it difficult to follow. (This is not exactly "Eraserhead" or one of the broken Tarantino films films ...) <br /> <br /> 2. It takes. Vey sloppy. Pee's three fans (all 8 of them) boast how 3P-O uses "real people rather than actors". (Aren't the people involved? Or are the Martians? Certainly, many executives have a small IQ but that means we have to hurt them ...?) Some directors have used amateurs and have succeeded (such as Alan Parker or De Niro), for what is the amateurs of PPP so bad in its movies? The answer is once again awesome for horror. Pasolin is wrong in everything, and that includes trying to get more from his innocent lovers as he can. He is a lazy director, Aids meditation if you like. Fighting Kubrick, I think ... The main goal of Pee-pee-pee when making should be available to find the most vulnerable people (and young people who like). In the world of Pasolini there is a simple formula: lack of teeth + wonderful face = originality. It is very good to have no feelings, but at least try to make some half of the show out of these without knowledgeable skills, otherwise you are an amateur yourself - an amateur director, in the case of Pasolini. If 3P-0 was not able to do this or did not worry it will not change anything. (Who knows ... maybe not even recognized the worst acting?) <br /> <br /> 3. Sounds. Interactive. If 3P-0 saw that transmission is a lot of hindrance when deleting the film, then he should have at least struggled in the post-production, namely to get all the bum executives to say their line on the cue in the studio, so that the viewers should not be looking at the mouths when the casual discussion goes somewhere else on the movie. <br /> <br /> 4. Lack of concept. We have almost twelve stories not connected in any meaningful way. Some are fighting with the Church (more on the future), while others are only sex i.e. The lowest price of men (sometimes gay) designed to advocate and nothing else. Stories and characters are not exciting (if right) at the level of intelligence, but at a very low level. Children 10 years of age can laugh here ... And there is nothing wrong with that, but then don't call it to get, the art of mind! As a result of the 4th stage, there is also a lack of logic for story order. That goes without saying. Pee-pee-pee could arrange a system in any other way, and we would have a similar movie. This also means that you can feel free to start in the middle then return to the beginning, etc. "Decameron" is like a spaghetti bowl that way: when you start eating you can start with any thread you want, it makes no difference at all. <br /> <br /> 6. Shortage of story decisions. Many stories have ended with a cheap gag / joke, ie a dumb punchline directly out of a comic-porn book, where other stories do not even come to the conclusion: they are just near. Finito. Ideally, these stories can be translated in half, they do not understand any more meaning - unless you get the "deep" on porno. There, of course, no easier than to seek and find "meaning" where there is no presence. So even any hardcore porno film can be a filosophone / used over eternity. It's simple and fun. Try, oh you 8 fans of PPP! <br /> <br /> On the Church-bashing ... Other viewers are happy about its attacks on Catholicism and what-not. In the main, that's all well and good - after all, I don't believe God - but what these people ignore is the simple but important fact that Pasolini was Marxist. It's like a pot called black kettle. Marxist criticizes the Church for lies and folly? Where does he find courage? Besides, Pasolini had no atheist, so its high-and-powerful and fair-right nature should not be right. After all, the Marxists are believed: they just replace god accepted by the idea of ​​Utopia, which is just a wonderful super-ordinary fantasy thinking. So I can't get excited about antics anti-religion of PPP. <br /> <br /> This sophomoric humpdorama anthology ends with Pasolini saying rather voluntarily: "I wonder ... Why to create a work of art when it's just good to dream about it?" He did not really mean this non-beauty film like art, was he ...? If he was - a poor man of fraud - then I should wonder why he was not just going to scream, and not making all the bad movies ... Do you want to read your own titles of Bergman movies? E-mail me.
