The tragedy is that this piece of rubbish was part of my curriculum when I read movies. So imagine how I was forced to look at it completely. Believe me going to hell is very simple. Our professor told us that this is a certain film, but he never thought that we could not agree or assume apposite. I do not think that there are any gods in the world, we just human beings, so all the developers of the film, so they can make mistakes, bad movies. Or too bad. The main problem is not that the art, by all means, is affected by a long-term view, but that most people do not receive it, that every man has found his true taste, his own opinion, so what I think the main movie made, can also be bad for you , and how are both ways, but how many people can understand this correctly? So my professor believes in this film, and not just me. However, the only way to explore this "matter" is to test its natural intentions to show us different kinds of stories of old people or anything to focus on social ideas, ideas and nature. To tell you the truth of honesty Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini as the author and director made also fail to see the first place. The movie is so UGLY. I can't stand this, why you will try to analyze, then discover the possibilities of beauty in it! It is beyond your mind to hide, and surprisingly not for a movie or anything, it's for a non-sure vision (Pasolini). His work is pleasing to the minimum. Methods of deadly death, a sense of efficiency of silliness, and an amazing horribleness made everything with emotion. Look at the act of anger, the fruit-bearing movie, the worst set, .. OH MY GOD I HAVE BEEN NUTRIGHT. It can overcome your goals as severely as watching this film is a real pain like taking a wise tooth away from a blind doctor. There are evil homosexuals that may be more sympathetic than this. So, first, how to keep that just to look at it properly? True, you don't. If this film is not fairly right. There is a realistic scene here that some boys are facing with a camera eye! (!) I am trying to connect such things at the end of Pasolini as killed.
