I am a Production of the Great Guide at the University of Wright State in Ohio, and yesterday I was sad to have the opportunity to watch this very bad movie in class. We were told by our professor that it would be very strange to us, but the reason we looked at was because it was one of the first sound films - a perfect catastrophe. The problem with the original film sound was that Hollywood actors knew only how to make silent movies and were not good at memorizing verses. So manufacturers and directors will look at the action of getting executives. Looks like a great idea, right? In fact, one kind of action makes it at a very low point of film. Most of the actors in the "Atlantic" look and hear if they are working on the play, which causes lots of heart hearts. Another barrier to the early film sound was the microphone technology. You can't move the mats as you can today, you had to put them static or could take the air in the air. There was only one size used in any area found in this film. In a certain area, there is someone sitting at the table. One walks up to him and announces their line, then goes away. Another actor comes from behind, offers their line, and then walks away. It goes like this for more people. The microphone is quite obvious to the person on the table, doing with an attractive carousel actress. <br /> <br /> That's just technical problems. If you enter a story and direction, then it becomes worse. The story is a fiction account of what happened on the Titanic. The characters are unreliable and meaningless. "Stories" about a man cheating on his wife and their daughter's daughter has no place in the movie. It is difficult to be solved and leaves you wondering why it was the first place. A superficial attempt, practitioners take longer, the pregnancy rises between the lines often. It bothers, and you can't wait for this 90 minute (it sounds like at least 180) to get it. I can't talk much about the issue of racism at this time in our country, but it was so interesting that there were only two whites in the whole movie, and they were shown as animals. They both faced women and children tried to try and get into one of the boats. They were ordered to stop or shoot, and of course they were not shot. I was surprised. <br /> <br /> I offer this movie 2/10. I would like to give them 1/10 (the lowest possible rate), but I gave more assurance because it was one of the first sound films, and I tried to insert it into the environment. If you want to see a good movie early, see Alfred Hitchcock's "Influence" which also happened in 1929. You will see that the best directors were able to adapt to new technologies immediately.
