I enjoy a good, slow game. Christmas In August, Chungking Express, Virgin was beaten by His Students, The Way Home, Springtime in the Small City, Hana bi, Eats Woman Woman, Alcohol, In Mood for Love, and Spring Spring Spring Spring is all the videos that enjoy ?? just to name a few. Unfortunately, there is a small part of the film within a kind of festival that tries to climb a good film cover without giving something of interest. Is this what I call IAN movies? "Mystery of Innovative Art." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this kind, and Vive L'Amour is its "hub". In fact, this is the crème de la crème of garbage destroyed under the shadow of "art." People move around in their rooms, drinking water, walking and returning to waiting for calls to be open, dependent on banners, papers, going to the bathroom, eating, making pushups, having sex, spraying, etc.. I do not know when I say that it is the correct synopsis of the whole film, which is a posterchild of quintessential to the litter of indoor house. No plot, no storyline, no interesting or interesting events, no feelings, no meaningful dialogue, and most importantly? no drama. The main event has two people “dancing” on a bed with someone who is sick under a mattress? It is surprising that it is also not good enough and not recommended. The relationship of the characters on the bed is practically nonexistent. Tsai apparently did not feel like communicating anything to the viewer about these people except the obvious fact that they like "bang." Someone under the bed is as one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes to drink water, milk and lids, and injure himself. This is the idea of ​​Tsai's "character development." Tsai's true player in Vive L'Amour is perhaps the worst part of the film's art history. He first shows the leading actor to walk all the way from one end of the park to another for 285 seconds of the series, then just show him cry hysterically ?? for absolutely no reason? for 356 seconds of the series. The film stops suddenly. There is no point. No entertainment. Just clean, concentrate accumulated by the viewer. <br /> <br /> In an effort to beat a dead horse. The basic theme of loneliness is very mishandled that the only true sense of this film is of boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa offers the best displays on solitude in his awesome Cairo film. And guess what? In fact it is AIDS! The film moved slowly as molasses in January, but there are better ways to handle the concept of solitude than the so-called Vive L'Amour. Cairo is a perfect example of that. <br /> <br /> Movies fans can thank Tsai Ming-liang for leading this film, since he has given unsurpassed evidence that the gallery of movies can be as bad as B-bridge, making-off TV flicks. Snobs of the gallery are now lost to the realization of their own right. The quality level of your valuable genre now enters the film as the Army of Darkness and ?? hold on! ?? Displayers. What? Do you like these apples?
