For me a non-exciting, uncomfortable film. With the A-List cast, especially the three and the master of the maverick as Spike Lee I was expecting more and at the end I felt that what was given was slightly played for this small film. At first I did not like this film, starting with Clive Owen's camera's brilliant cameras, without repeated repetition in the conclusion, then looking for confused information and frustration, not talking of false testimony, then finding yourself you have entered the events you feel you have started earlier. Of course the camera function is a lot of water, always on moving and inserting many hand-camera shots, but the director Lee cannot give happiness or insist, falling primarily to do nothing of the key characters in the film. Denzel Washington is a weight and dress and a bad talk of the jive of the movie "Shaft" thirty-five years ago (he even has "no one understands but his wife" something going on, coming up with his "hot" partner, begging and "angry" "inappropriate and inappropriate" discussion and his mildness "At night temperatures" riff and Willem Defoe (almost a little part) raises hard. Clive Owens has an impression on English to trust even though we have been given to believe this group is Arabic, it is also blocked by playing 90% of the film and mask on its face. Jodie Foster has given one of his registered and copyrighted boyfriend, the ice boy, Clarice Starling returns as a partner of financial virtue well, if you wish, a little effect. In general it is a real-real film, with a bright but clear light at the end, in fact the head gives away from the beginning, fans of the spoiler. The worst part (of most) is undoubtedly the Washington-interview-interview, of course, the 8-year-old child-kid, although Owen's conversation and minutes the same early child runs around in a cluster of shame. At the time of the films of the films are given by characters for the most common head titles like "Serpico" and "Day of the Dogs Day" - but there is no respect in the reputation of boasting. More like "Rock Hot" rather ... and even that was good for a few laugh.
