This is a dumb movie. Maybe my sentence can't be as hard as the film doesn't promise too much, but I just felt like this film deceived and danced for the fool on every side. <br /> <br /> I couldn't afford any cow and acting, but I thought the characters were bad. The movie starts with the character of Clive Owen to tell us what the mastermind breaker he is, and how he planned a full crime bank, something he often reminds us of later. Oh, he also tells us he is in the prison cell, though it seems to be a dumb example. Any Idiot knows that the best robbery of the bank is one where the small number of items can potentially go wrong, and has gone long before the police displayed. But Clive Owen's plan needs to be hanging around the bank for hours - for any reason but for around around to watch the fear until I can tell it. He should also control the forces, negotiate with the fighters, and beyond the fantastically of all, doing this old-house work in the bank's stockroom and hide out for a week (I hope he will bring enough food, and a bucket for pee in) and then sneak out again. Well, it looks like a full crime to me, Clive! This program has many moving parts that the only reasons did not fall away from the image writer said so. And there are many non-explanatory notes: Why did the fighters believe that strokes were partners in hostage? What? Hell is a characteristic of Jodie Foster, and why he is so important that he has a mayor in his beck and calls and he does not tell the Denzel Washington agenda because "is about his level of pay?" Where is the dumb who do not think one person speaking in a foreign language for hours is not the voice of the criminal group of theft? How did the robbers go, and why did Clive Owen close for a week? How did they find out about the former chairman of the bank, and the numbers and contents of the safe safe box? Why would Hell have Clive Owen allowing Jodie Foster or there? Since when they do the AK-47 toy which looks real close? How do you see a pizza box, however? How was Clive Owen able to eliminate the safe banking area at work, unnoticed? Did the crime of true crime feel connected to Denzel's doctor? None of these questions have been answered. There are more accessible films by letting you ask yourself about the scenarios happening on the screen, but I have never had that way on the inside of a person. It felt like the events that described these things were cut off from the film, or these questions had no answers for the first time, and that is weak. Specifically, it is the character of Jodie Foster, who cannot disclose what he is doing, but it never seems to cause us to remind us of the importance of him. We should just take his word for him, I think. The only reason I gave these two movie stars was Denzel's "taxi cab" and "pine colada" gags, and a bit of awesome video game. Other than that, this film does not have any features for redemption.
