Movie: There are some very interesting views on IMD about this movie. It's really bad. Not enough money spent on films and the way Spike Lee has done, looks like a mix of indie films and flick of action. Character / Actors: Denzel has done "openly" what he does in every movie, so there is no surprise there. Here is a limited game of mind for readers. Think about 10 films of Denzel. Now see how many of them were playing with the police / detective / body, nothing. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this one needs the best role on his plate soon. Its best performance I was thinking in the "More borders". Other than that did very well the same thing as he does in every movie too. His voice and the way of speaking was the same as what he did in "Sin City". Surely this man knows how to act, what he does not know is the best way to choose roles. He needs a better agent. Jodie Foster was a talented movie star, if you look at her for the first time in your life. He did well. He has had the best responsibilities. It so happens in Hollywood that even a big star falls under the knees and replaces lower grades like Jody Foster did in this film. Plot: Plot was not a mixture, in fact, I could think of that plot, in fact the whole movie, when taking a dump after a good Chinese dinner. I mean coming, **** SPOILER ON THE WAY ----> I am a Haulocast patient unwanted and a racist sign. The movie is about stolen bankers, why set Haulocast with racism there, nice to try to play with the feelings of people, work for anyone? Not me. The police let the bankers think that it is hostage? Riiiiiight, please, we are talking about US police and security here. No one can know where Clive was, I mean they found nothing different from the room. Who are we running for? Conclusion: Of course, look at this film, if nothing, you will have a good time to talk to friends how the movie was bad. At least people will not think you are stupid to watch this film because they would think you went to look at it because it has a big star "MISTAKE".
