My wife and I have seen this film very exciting. When the plot lets you be enthusiastic and busy just wondering what is going on, when you come out of the theater, there are many places that disappear completely. (SUPPLIERS OF CHILDREN) Christopher Plummer, head of the rich bank of NY has hidden secrets. Benefits from WW II deal with the Minister of Nazi and hide the kidnapping of Jews, puts evidence (including diamonds and documents and the Nazi swastika) in the deposit box of security in his bank. Why? If he wants this not revealed, why didn't he burn and destroy documents years ago? And diamonds? Obviously, he does not need them - why not put them rather than exclude them? How did bank robbers discover its secret? How did they know the zero inside the security deposit box # 232? Denzel Washington investigator also finds bank records showing the SD box No 231 and 233, but no # 232. Curious. He was found temporarily in some way to make a careful search of bank records to find this amazing fact. At all times you deal with the hostage of red fire and the bank robbers threaten to start making it for a short time. Wow! Talk about the highest authority for detective. Bank robbers return to millions of dollars for free coins in their reserves. They only take the contents of the SD Box # 232, precisely for the purpose of specifying the president of the bank. This eliminates any logical attempt for the logic of what the film shows as a criminal farmer, or for its small-minded farmers. Jodie Foster, with political connections with the NYC mayor, gets permission to enter the bank which is under the control of bank thieves with many hostages. He gives the chief of the bank a plan to restore the documents that he now has in his hand, but does not care. So what is his point (if any?) <br /> <br /> My wife was troubled by the pride of all the players, Christopher Plummer (President of the Bank), Denzel Washington (Ace detective), and Jodie Foster, faced with trouble A shooter for over-powered problems. The end of Jodie Foster movie I saw, "Airplane Plan", also full of barriers that didn't really know you. I thought I loved Jodie Foster, but I will avoid my future films. Now my problem is that I can't persuade my wife to go to the cinema. I can't agree with him on this one ... "BACK TO THE MONEY, AND IN THE WORLD." Confirm. Films made well, good actors, write a lousy script.
