I have seen many works of Ryuhei Kitamura and I have concluded that she has a knack for action. Exhibitions are kinetic and quick to combine elements of martial arts, gun combat and Samurai fights and camera functions which effectively captures on the screen of murder. With "Versus" and Kitamura "Aragami" showed that creativity and show that he is more capable of working with a small budget. Why did it happen in "Alive"? To be more open, the answer was not - nothing. Nothing happened in the "Alive" was two hours with no action and no action for no characters and conspiracy. From the book of comic and Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is the observation of the life of one Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki) a death row condemned by the one who continues to live. He is then given a choice of either repeating the action or engaging in an extraordinary series of experiments. He selects the end and then is placed in the room with the abuser and later with the infected girl with a strange parasite that instead of hosting humanity gives supernatural powers. Originally at a certain time that bacteria get into Yashiro, the worst thing is that it does not happen soon. It is the same as "Aragami", "Alive" sets the first half in setting up basic displays. The characters are brought, their motivation is placed and their relationship between each is revealed. The whole thing even happens with just one set. The first problem of comparing it is that when "Aragami" was just a 70-minute movie, "Alive" finds it for more than two hours so it makes the first part more than an hour long. The length could be considered to be more interesting but not. The discussion is dry, interesting, presented without any feeling of deep or deep, the characters themselves are not very attractive. There were little attempts to do "Alive" to be more morally upright but ultimately it came to the classic: the bad government people against, the protagonist of the power, who you identified, saves the girl at the end. As I said earlier the whole film is done by just one set, and after two hours that gets boring, even the worst design itself did not attract even to start, and it does not do much to improve on other aspects of the film. Now, after the first part has been completed, one might think that Kitamura could do some of the events to make entertainment to begin with. Sadly, that is not the case. Only two fights are really a revolutionary fight from Hollywood movies, full of the effects of the shot and intelligent powers. They are not exciting or fun, Kitamura's innovation from "Versus" has ended, a small set has even opened its work of interesting cameras often and it all emerges from a common and embarrassing struggle, real shame. <br /> <br> It seems "Aragami" was the best in all accounts and "Kitamura" has learned something from "Alive". So it was not at least a total loss to watch this film. If you only understand the mistakes made, how to change them and create a better movie of entertainment.
