It seems to me that the name of Stephen Bachman's "Bachman" pen was his way of removing some of the discarded items, rawer, many powerful things that he wanted to write without 'crooked' his name 'brand'. If you look back to the "Bachman Books" (Man Running, Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner) you feel a sense of closure and a lack of enthusiasm on them which is different from the ordinary King. I realize that we are talking about a person whose first novel included a girl, a lost, emotional emotional emotionally killing everyone in her secondary school ... but a powerful King always has a characteristic and conspiracy that triggers a case of charges little, and especially have a break that provides at least a glance of hope and human feelings. Bachman's books clearly mean and always say bad things. (BTW, "Semetary of Pet" can be a Bachman book easily if the King had not revealed the situation at the time. And "Half of Darkness" seems to be a small part about "Bachman" persona.) > "Thinner" was the last book of Bachman, and man, with his theme of class war, revenge, and death for hunger, is bad. So it should not be surprising that the film should follow the suit. It's amazing that the changes appear to have been done at the standard "Modern Movie" talent instead of something that deserves to be presented. (Nowadays, something like this will go straight to DVD or cable). Work to work with an amazing motif (starvation in the middle of a lot, an example of overfed, infinite and middle American middle-eating if there is one) is all that lets you watch this misfire. What is the cause? My first thought is that the director was going to Bachman vibe badly, but also in some way he liked all the interest outside the film and the wrong choice - the executives here (except Joe Monetegna) could not carry the film. Then he dedicated the heat and life out of all the movies by awkward pacing and the structure of the scene. Plus could not leave the plot alone, and its change is not helpful. Script and dialogue are required to work, but more the movie is available. Everything is locked up, it is not, it is not available, and it is not appropriate to watch ... and the discriminatory discrimination of the main character festival to get ... thin, and thin, and narrow. If others said, "Thinner" is not necessarily the worst movie of the King who did (or even the worst). And it has a great fixed, compelling due to the theme and the work of makeup makeup. But the first audience should contact this with a low expectations.
