I don't know where to start with one of the worst films I was angry to watch for so long. From an environment that was obvious and clear to anyone who has visited London for 1 day even agreed ... was not London. In a mysterious way how Snipe's behavior managed to escape the country back to the United States without one problem. Then he persuades a girl and grandmother to visit him in America, how Grandma agreed with that ... she is a murderer! That is how at the time of the film, well unfortunate that it was no better. We have British bombs driving various fantastic cars, I am sure it was eight years old Vauxhall Belmont that drove the taxi after work, but Subaru Imprezza's modern prison car in a few cases before. SO19 or anyone who guns exercised the hand of Met who were trying to show it enjoys walking along the road with their guns following Snipe along with CIA. There were children around, but the police still said they had an open shot to beat him, does this happen in London? No, I don't live there. We have also traveled extensively from London to the airport (let's say Heathrow for reasons of reasoning) within 5 minutes of receiving calls. We also have the impressive feelings of the United States, the little girl who struggles to the Queen, but she lives in Elephant and Fortress. What? What does the UK police say when helicopters and several officers in the Snipe area cannot get Snipe and can run to catch by hiding behind several levels? The train station was clear even in the British soil and the effects of the fight against the war were terrible. The program was also very poor, it was humble and written and was done more than a thousand times before. But there were a few actors who were beaten in this film, what they would think and please don't allow them to watch this movie! This film does not seem to know what it wanted to be, if you consider the major factors due to the result of the work you need a strong compound and a good environment and setting, this is something that the viewer has time to enter and know and if you do it wrong then you see. If you want all the action of the action (which is not) then proceed to the setting can be put on the side.
