"Iowa" wants to be a "Fantasy Requirements" for the Midwest meth, but it comes as a hard R rated "Madness of Reefer". Yes, drugs are bad, and meth is very bad, like addiction and how it damages people, families and communities. But these characters who are dumb or uncomfortable with a plot-rolling plot will not teach the lesson to anyone. While the author / director / star Matt Farnsworth has a charisma on the screen, his girlfriend Diane Foster has been convicted of an offense of neglect and drug abuse had been satirized by Susan Sarandon in "The Rocky Horror Picture Show." I felt sorry for him for all the unwanted deception that was given to him. It was not until the end of the movie I found I had to think that these two were the latest high school graduates to describe some of their naiveté, if we were bombed with their school pictures, but if so, they were even older than people in the "OC". When they have a good chemistry on the screen, they are the supporters of the "Badlands" color - the couple. Visitors are being misused. Michael T. Weiss, who was very good on TV "The Pretender", feels like a violent and violent brutal officer is just plain madness, because his behavior greatly damages any social significance for the film. Rosanna Arquette needs to be even more than she was around David Cronenberg as a low tax of Livia Soprano. John Savage should even tell a young child excuse me for alcohol but this is even worse. Goth chick shows, and unusual details that he is a striker from Des Moines. Latino drug specialist is seen - in Iowa? <br /> <br /> For a small budget, the interior view of meth use is clearly shown, with a terrific venue. We certainly see them going mad. While the Iowa sites are used very well (including the exciting area of ​​the propane gas theft), permits and church references are violence in the Southern Baptist. Guns appear to be used by fixed law and law to break down citizens here than in every city of drug addiction. The best bard songs of Iowa Greg Brown are widely used, but the odd ones listed in credit. I hope they were used for permission. I found this by running the NYC business because I was lost at the Tribeca Film Festival where it was great - and unknown - buzz.
