Someone despises Ang Lee to apologize. True, many people do. I will start. I have never been interested in the Ang Lee film of Hulk, because of the bad reviews around. Even the premium cable channels seemed to not show. I finally decided to look at yesterday on the US and, wow ................................. ....... SPOILERS FOR THE HOUK OF THE HOUK AND HILK I almost did not do through the Hulk's Ang Lee. Eric Bana did not have a comment, Nick Nolte was awesome, Sam Elliott was not the same (and not happy, he's usually a good character). In fact, I certainly think they chose Eric Bana because his non-narrative face was very easy to compare with computer graphics - and it was clear that Ang Lee Hulk had a similarity to Bruce Banner in his unbearable manner. When the Hulk fought with the mutant mutation I had accepted Hulk as the worst movie ever. <br /> <br /> But something happened. Almost 3/4 of the way through this stirring film, there was a really exciting and - dare to say - to persuade because - the step of an extended step that starts with Hulk to break out of the toys in the military base, to fight the tanks M1 and Comanche helicopter in the desert, then riding the F22 Raptor on the stratosphere, just caught the street of San Francisco. This was one of the best performance of the performance of the superhero movie. And it should say, CGI was quite good. That's not to say that the Hulk was quite persuasive. But it did not require more suspension than it is required in many non-superhero movies. And that's quite a feat. Of course, the end was very foolish and Bruce Banner's father turned into some kind of a change of nature, but a series of preliminary steps laid a long time for the Iron Man heroes in disgrace. And in general, far from an animated dog mutant, it really looks like a CGI in Hulk tried hard to convince you that he was really true to interact with his surroundings. It was better than I expected. <br /> <br /> Okay, but what about the amazing Hulk? Guess what ... It's boring too! It looks just a few and Hulk and here is the thing - CGI in this film is awesome. Perhaps the Hulk in Ang Lee's version seemed fake time and cartoonish to others - but it had its time to influence too. The amazing Hulk seems to be ignorant. It had a skin tone and muscle that was not seen as a living creature, a certain type of texture produced by a computer. It was very real. Lighting, landscape and surface effect did not look 5 years more than Ang Lee, looked 10 years more. And there is no truth for that. In fact we are living at a time when computer planners can destroy the movie as well as any director, actor or cinema movie that never did. The worst, the author and director of this movie seemed to learn anything from "Failure" for Ang Lee. All mistakes have been made. Bruce Banner is practically impressed. Great is so fast, implausibly one-dimensional that he looks faker than Hulk. Lovely love does not know (I have to give Liv Tyler credit for being more emotional than Jennifer Connelly, although both are very simple in the eyes). Tim Blake Nelson overacts almost like Nick Nolte, though she just in the movie for a few minutes. Hulk does not do much in this film, certainly not more than the Ang Lee version. The incredible Hulk had the fastest speed, but since nothing happened quite that it is not very valuable. Oo, the villain is everything like blind look like Hulk. He is actually more interesting as a man than a monster. This is how I can truly say Ang Lee's version was better: if I had the opportunity to see the version of Ang Lee again, I'll be able to stay that way to see a good practice, or another try to understand A little more chat (more likely I would just forward to a good place). But there is absolutely no one place in the incredible Hulk which is worth seeing once, alone twice. In fact it is under the heap of superhero movies. CGI's cartoonish is insulting to the audience - at least in the version of Ang Lee looks like they were trying to make it true (except for the big poole, of course). It is quite clear - whispering how the creators of the film were willing to erase the negative feelings associated with Ang Lee's Hulk by making a similar film. It is for Edward Norton's credit that appears to be alienating this film.
