This recycling is like McDonald's diet carried out compared to the best of Ang Lee very much but held very 2003 "Wonderful Hulk." Ang Lee's "Hulk" is a movie of comic movie for someone to think. Hulk takes time to appear (over 40 minutes), but when we see the basic crisis of our protagonist. She does a good job to avoid losing control, but if she agrees, when she gives her anger, she likes. <br /> <br /> Now compare this to Edward Norton's side, where there is no collision in his personality, and it turns out to be Hulk every time he is excited and the rate of his blows hit 200 beats per minute (not 197, but exactly 200). For this inspector, this felt the same as the introduction of the microbes in Phantom's risk, which describes how powerful “power” is and one, if the mystical capacity can be tested through a blood test. In the 2008 movie, all of Ed Norton's Bruce Banner should do it to set its rate of less than 200 blows, if monitored by a closed device in his hand. And for the record, it is very difficult to get a rate of up to 200 people with even a very exciting flight, especially for a person who is physically fit. Feelings are running on Eric Bana's Hulk. He mentions the death of his mother and the role of his father in his first life. On the face he is calm, but there is less there is a great rage, enough anger to stimulate Hulk when unleashed. But Hulk does not deliberately kill, even his attackers. Typically, she just wants to go away or near Betty Ross (Jennifer Connelly). He persuades his fighters and in one important area, saves the fighters of fighters chasing him from a collision. In the 2003 movie, the visual effects are there, but as needed. Practical events (and there are many of them) are important for conspiracy, unlike the 2008 movie where action is included for action. In his quest to turn it into a "refugee" story, Ed Norton loses how Bruce Banner feels about Hulk. For him, the Hulk is a side effect of the experimental experiment. With Louis Leterrier, managing director of Ed Norton, he can not add any emotional direction to the relationship of Banner-Hulk. Stories can be inserted as: Banner practiced by Hulk kicks butt, Banner is pursed by Hulk kick fabric. Repeat if necessary. The only thing that banned the 2003 movie is that it is probably not true for comic books as the 2008 version. However, even if I am a fan of comics, I would like a non-fiction movie for fans like a fanboy dream but it is heartwarming on the faithful but created artists to eliminate the 2008 edition any day. Maybe Ang Lee should read more comics. Iron Man, also released in 2008, is a perfect example of the film which is true to the root of the comic book and has heart.
