It is difficult to know where these changes start to go wrong, because I think the problem begins with the books themselves. Alexander McCall Smith has worked to read them not in the case of spying, but with his most beautiful and clear vision of Africa that does not exist. He has made Botswana which Borat made for Kazakhstan - not for success, but for the truth. When I discovered this, it was a star that Jill Scott, an American actress / actress, is beaten as Mma Ramotswe. If he is a non-African country, how is he a black woman who is not African? He is not the United States on the cast; Mrs Makutsi plays with Anika Noni Rose. All women are far away, too small for the tasks they play, and also very interesting. Both are brutally murdered in the local sense, and both are strictly aware of this brutality that they fail to provide much in the way of acting. Meme Ramotswe's Scott is bouncy, beautiful and thin. The Head of Rose's head is a great hatred of fire-mouthed. <br /> <br /> The result is almost unnoticed. The great forest has been redeemed only by the presence of Lucian Msamati, who returns to good performance as Mr JLB. Hes comes far more intense than in the books, but I find myself unable to complain the Comforter for this - he is a bright light in the bone of the bone. The contradiction between his performance and books is clearly set in the feet of each vendor committee wrote the script. <br /> <br /> For me, the text of McCall Smith has always been of entertainment but not so bad. He refuses to be edited. As a result, his books have grammar experiments that the scientific limits, and the characters who change the name in the middle of the sentence. It is therefore a very successful thing that the writing team on this project has made it worse. <br /> <br /> Conversations are now largely Anglicised. People say "open" and "sensitivity of demand". Mrs. Ramotswe and Mr. JLB Mecca are playing flirt openly. Mrs Makutsi says she didn't have a computer, but gave her all the rest of her hair, flowers and jewelery, wondering that she has no MacBook in her wallet with her Visa card. <br /> <br /> Why were we left here? It is difficult to be confused and to deal with this situation because honestly, many things I like about the original books are apocryphali however. McCall Smith writes Botswana's story that consists of good, fearless people who are full of interesting and fascinating nuggets. It reads well despite the destruction of the language, but it is a vision of some kind of white man who loves black people. Not true. From that, it is not surprising that this show takes as it is. It remains to be seen as the European and American listeners will see however, however.
