And, finally, years old, Michael Corleone falls and goes 'THUMP!' Who made the writing of this final phase of God's saga? Perhaps the same workers who do "If the World Changes." This flick is not suitable for the title "God of humanity" completely. Let's call this one "Cosas of Our Nostras" or "All My Capos". As someone who has met many of the Mafia people in my business life, I can say without discrimination, that I have never met anyone who has seen as a domestic and reflective crisis like Michael Corleone. Let's say, these people are just Mafia because they are greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time reflecting on his past actions and his future, perhaps even afterlife, then eliminates it very quickly to eliminate the wonderful business plan or order the death of this or one as big as the operator is, quite low. Then, his marriage has failed. After the G2 breaking events, we can hope that Michael & Kay will be reunited as husband and wife, but here they seem to be just very good, lovers of platonic who can laugh & right & share close ideas about their lives. It's like photographers trying to make Michael a woman. It is a strange behavior for two people who took part in the bed of marriage for 9 years. There is miscasting here and there, or maybe they are the sin of writing. Sophia Coppola is poor, a good-year-old and the role of hopelessness, and very short lines in a film that is not appropriate what a young woman will say for normal conversation - was given "words" instead of "lines" for emote. His loving "love" love and Andy Garcia looks like something from the bad sex comedy of the boy as they stimulate their open kiss and wiping out the rest of the kitchen in the kitchen as marionettes ... scullery sex was removed with amazing Glenn Close by Michael Douglas, but it's laughable here only. Then, there is the character of Andy, Vinnie Mancini, who is also given a difficult and ungrateful role. He expects, I think, to be a new, new Don Corleone, but almost worked on a silver plate and needs to do little to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's strike at the same time for all 5 G1 families. This hand-me-down step can be a real way to transfer power into the Mafia Family, but why is so much of this interesting process? In fact, Don Vincent can get the honor of the other bandits one day, but there are small passages containing a script to give us a picture of this boy, sadly. Puzo did a very good job and to develop Michael's character in G1. But, G3 does not have the economy in the story of the story and we are faced with the release centers until we just want to take snooze. Third, George Hamilton was also given an unappreciative job, by approving it as a family lawyer after Robt Duvall reportedly turned into a third phase as Tom Hagen. George wisely won his position, so it was without damage to the actress. The development of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far when it takes things to kill in his own hands (he may end up sleeping with Fredos, if this was a real world). But, not all bad. Part of the murder in the hotel house is nifty! Also, "they continue to connect me" or the words of the effect are a huge line. And, we are living in the old state of the country when we get back to Sicily, even if all have been done in 1989 and have modern cars & hair hair. The rationale involving the corrupt leadership of the Catholic Church is very interesting, as it depends on some of the actual financial shenanigans in Banco Vaticani in the 1980s, but it brings very far, again, with spectacular death events, etc.. Opera events are very big and are photographed. However, the death of Mary to the end is an unequal attempt of emotional destruction, for better. All the authors of the screen need to learn that we don't need more and more deaths to bring the film of mafia to a successful conclusion. You feel Kay for his daughter is dead, she plays with her sadness well, but Michael's reaction is hammy, hammy, hammy. Then, Michael dies sometimes in the 21st century, in Sicily, alone on real estate, of heart failure ... no grandson of playing and before losing him, no grieving wife for him. What should have happened in the last 1/2 of this film is Michael tracked down by someone like Rudy Guilliani, sentenced, the dirty companies of his debris family and the indulgences of blood released by the light of the day, Michael was then judged under the RICO command and sent to the Federal Prison for Life ... then he can die on the death-defeat of the heart while blowing the floor IN LEAVENWORTH. That is how the mafia fasts ended in the late 80s and early 90s and they received better treatment than they deserved.
