Near the beginning of the "Godfather: Part III," the son of Michael Corleone wants to leave school law and become a singer. Michael Corleone does not want this. But his former wife, Kay, can persuade him to allow Anthony Corleone to follow the music if he wants to. So he does. It looks like an unusual way to start a review, since it is a small step of the plot and has nothing to do with the main action. Just carry me here; you will see where I'm going with this finally. Now I would like to tell you about the main plot. It is about Michael Corleone who wants to stop the crime for good (largely rejected all crimes in his family business). But then comes along with Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew, who is involved in feud. So Michael must continue to tolerate another crime and gun violence and all the gangster's good things. At the same time, Vincent has a nonsense of Michael Michael Michael. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to create all the things that happened at the end of Part II. It is like a soap opera. One of the worst, worst, the 166 soap operation. The lack of any modern, romance, and emotional necessity for the first two films made the home hard. After a 16-year break in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola gave enough confusion and engaging in the first two films, once again confirming his last job was "Apocalypse Now" after 1970s. /> What's worse, "Godfather: Part III" is not even following the logic of "Godfather: Part II." Michael is a completely different person. He has not only gone to seed (which may be legitimate, even if it would not be appropriate to watch). She has been good-looking who is trying to fix any epidemic that created Part II as a great masterpiece. His confession of the priest was very bad, but the mid-attack attack in the middle stood up straight. He also returns with Kay! For heaven, there is no way at all that should happen, as 2 movie made very clear! She nursed her baby, and her birth to Sicilian made him despise her for her. What? Francis Ford Coppola did not think about these things? And don't make me start with Mary and Vincent! With the banned love, it was amazingly amazing. Sofia Coppola's work did nothing to help. He made the smartest move of his life when he came out of front of the camera behind him, because he was likely the worst actors who I have ever seen in the best fashion image. Every line he sent had a headache, and every time the game rested on its ability to act, all that he asked was wrong. In a high position - I can't go in detail, but you will know where I am talking about / when you are watching - watching Michael and says, "...... Daddy?" I think I had the right meaning, but the line was so badly I burst with a long, loud laugh! Now we get to the peak, and now you will understand why I took time to review the review of Anthony Corleone's music preferences. After 140 minutes of a small concert and non-sense, Anthony Corleone returns ... and opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary, and Vincent are going to see, and for 10-15 minutes several murderers are walking around to tell Michael. Regarding this sharp chain, I must say one thing: It was very good! But not because of the killers - they were good boring. I just love opera. It had some great music and pieces of truth. And, from what little has shown us, it seems that the story had the nature of the family of Corleone. I will see that it is an opera one of the swelling, and I will beat Michael Corleone's battery happy to allow his child to switch from school law to music. My main goal is this: that Francis Ford Coppola had only made an opera of Anthony Corleone for 169 minutes and explained the rest of the soggy melodrama. Better yet, I'd have no "Godfather: Part III" at all. Part II gave the full end. This was fun and unsuitable. <br /> <br /> P.S. This is not a gut response to the film. I watched all the Godfather movies over a month ago (though I was restoring it first). Not only does this mean that my expectations for Section III did not find it (in fact, I have put it down to it after what I heard), but it also means I've had a good time to think about all three films. When I was disappointed with Part II for the first time, the more I thought about it, the better. But for Part III, it was bad to start, then it was even worse than I thought about it. Unfortunately, most people will stand up with I, but if they look at Part II also, they may continue to Part III. If you have a love, see Section I & II and pretend that Part III has never existed.
