Part of the Godfather I was looking for a wonderful family of Corleone's family and how a guilty young man was forced into situations that he did not want to have a part of. God's part of the Muslims shows that the acceptance of the young man to his new role, his despair of character, as well as his complete loss of all crimes as he enters more and more into a life of crime. The first two parts of this change of Michael Corleone make up one of the greatest disasters in the history of the movie. <br /> <br /> Then, with the came the Godfather Part III. Michael Corleone is now the Don of the old Corleone family. He expresses remorse for his past actions not through the traits of a trick, but by trying to use his power for good and accepting all his mistakes and sorrows for others. Very cliche and uncharacteristic of the complex character which is Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to exercise his power for good have been destroyed by a good young student and his enemies. Michael's daughter is finally killed by the warring factions and his death predicts Michael to know that his whole life as Don did not mean that he had failed in one thing that was a reason to put himself in his position: to protect his family. <br /> <br /> Part II of Godfather ends with Michael Corleone reaching down to the lows: having his own brother killed. Before Part III was planned, the Godfather saga was a delightful story of the journey of innocent innocents in the dark and the mysterious end of Michael forgetting his roots and leaving one thing that has caused him so much to him and those around him: family loyalty. Part III shows Michael's picture as a person who has always been a victim of the situation. This is very damaging to the first two film. Part III of the Godfather is a bad mess of films that should not be done. The only solution to the problem that is the final stage of the Godfather film is pretending that it is not there and that the saga really has lost the horrible appetite of Michael to be a member of his own family killed.
