When Samantha Eggar (like Phyllis Dietrickson) responds to the door of her house was hit with a towel, you realize that as a potential actress like an egg, she did not have the feeling of Mr. Stanwyck. And it is not at all the fault of Eggar. In the original film, Wilder had Stanwyck not only seen in the fabric, but he enters the location of the next balcony of the apartment. And he "does not give"; he looks, almost as if by magic. Walter Neff looks at it from the bottom of the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck is much higher than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when they are first brought. Not just a fabric. The fabric adds gravity. His appointment is like the Greek god who goes to his domain, and, in a strange way, you feel like, from the beginning, he is actually controlling the whole situation. He has sex, even magic, power. This person is not a natural housewife. This person is hidden and hidden hidden inside. The return of 1973. Remake has Crenna knocking on the front door. Stanwyck's position, egg, responds to the door with a towel on his head. No "appearance". He just opens the door. The beautiful beauty that touches the audience during the first time of Stanwyck in 1944 is not quite in 1973. He opens the door with a towel on his head. It is possible to be sexy in the Angel of Charlie kind of way, but not as close as wonderful. Remake traders seem to misunderstand the Wilder. Script can be said "Phyllis looks in the fabric" so the producers of the film remake just follow the instructions and include the required fabric. Steps are not fabric. This is the quality of Phyllis, and the power he can use. Wilder gave him a towel to add to his mystique. Remake traders gave him a fabric because that's what Wilder did. And in the election of the shot, they lost both Phyllis' mystique. <br /> <br /> Richard Crenna also looks miscast. It looks like he "does" and not in the middle of trouble. Part of the problem is Crenna looks very like 70 actor. He can't reach the 1940s. When MacMurray first speaks on the microphone, sweat begins to decline from his face. No sweat in Crenna. And they also changed one of the key verses at the beginning. In the beginning, Neff says, "I didn't get money, and I didn't find a woman." In the 1973 edition, Crenna says, "I didn't get money, and I didn't want a woman." Did the creators of the film not understand the whole part of the story? Or were they coming to the audience of "television"? <br /> <br /> This movie made for TV is a translation of a number. All the edge of the original edge disappears. Just stand out, perhaps, is Lee J. Cobb in the role played by the famous Edward G. Robinson. But he can not save to lose the original level. This boring reference of 1973 is a TV movie that is forgotten by the same people who made "Gilligan Island". They can also try to restore "Citizen Kane" or "Lost by Wind". If independence is better, what can you expect? The 1944 work is a film with the capital "F". This make-to-TV remake deserves a "F" class, or, perhaps "D" for dumb.
