The 1973 radio of Billy Wilder classic is much lower than the original. Amazing! <br /> <br /> First, good things. Lee J. Cobb makes Barton Keyes strict. He is not like Edward G. Robinson, of course, but he is the only reason to look at this. This is just the upgrade of the original that it replaces Lola Dietrichson, daughter of fatale woman, Phyllis Dietrichson. And so that's for good things. <br /> <br /> Bad things are many. The director writes everything in different ways: if you watch the film and the voice separating it you could get the impression that anything interesting is happening. Because of the modern flavor, the film should be a color rather than black and white. Because of the 1970s flavor, all sets are sad. The great apartment of Walter Neff, in particular, is hideous. Modern settings hurt in many small ways. Training exercises were more unusual than 70 years than 40 years, so Mr. Dietrichson's decision to take the train seems more. The men finished wearing a hat, which prevents Walter covering her brown-colored hair as Mr. Dietrichson with a white color. Women in crying ceased to wear lids, which stimulate Samantha's eggs to Barbara Stanwyck made great use in the key area. (Oddly, Lola still has a line where he reveals that his mother was trying a black hat and a veil before he needed it.) <br /> Stephen Bochco keeps a lot of Billy Wilder-Raymond Chandler's script alike. But it does a few things, an unexpected change in the conversation that leaves the little script flabby where once it was lean and muscle. Hardly, the famous motorcycle fighters have gone, but look closely and you'll see what looks like post-production where the line should be. Bochco can not be blamed. Richard Crenna can be approved as Walter Neff. What can make this version worthy is Phyllis Dietrichson very good. Instead we find Samantha Eggar, who comes as a natural-issue skill from "Barnaby Jones." But who can blame the egg? And the director who seems to be interested in what is happening in front of the camera, Barbara Stanwyck himself could not come well?
