This 1973 record of the classic film of Billy Wilder of 1944, "Double Freedom," is an example of how to destroy a great script. This B-B fodder also shows the remake of general remake. While Hollywood has gone lustful actors who add black-and-white films and find consultants on many movies that are displayed in pan-and-scan versions, the industry has ignored hacks that emphasize taking a classic film and reducing shoddy remake. <br /> <br /> The first step in producing a standard version of the classic is to edit the script. Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler's work was cut by half an hour to reach the completed film in the set time and advertising space. Then improve the production and bland, color painting, upscale sets, and television actors. Therefore, the new new "Double Freedom" eliminates the black and white film of the film's film that strengthens the status and behavior of the original. Gone are dust dust, shadows, claustrophobic buttons that describe the ambitions of the characters to escape their situation at any cost. Gone is a close bond between Keyes and Neff and a competitive attraction between Neff and Phyllis. <br /> <br /> Jack Smight's view take "Double Indemnity" is more "Dynasty" than film film. Phyllis Dietrickson has a suitable house to die, and the Neff's beautiful pad will be difficult to afford the salary of the insurance, not to mention Mercedes which runs the car that runs. There is no visible characteristic kill for $ 200,000. If it is not money, then maybe kill with love or desire? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows a little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kiss is like such desires among brothers and sisters. Crenna fails to despair of Neff, and her double-entender experiment with gender views falls very flat. Eggar is much better and less logical and detailed to describe the inner work of delusion and deception. Lee J. Cobb is capable of implementing credit performance as Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three chiefs have done a very good job. <br /> <br /> There is no reason to be able to produce this bad remake unless you fill out the time in the advertising schedule. There was no reason to think of raising this dud on the DVD and uploading it to the original film except filling two-disc packs. The only lesson that can be learned from this misfire is that even a great script and good discussion can be destroyed and cast down poor, anxiety concerns, and the production standards of the TV bridge. In 1973 "David's Freedom" should have the name "Freedom of 10%," because just watching it emphasizes the full 100% film.
