The murder and fraud of the insurance takes a couple of deficit "end of the line" ... TV was looking dirty behind the 1970s and this hit, to-TV-knock-off hurt my eyes. It can't compare to 1944 Billy Wilder Film Noir classic as anyone in their right mind should know-see invisible - but that doesn't mean this update should be seen as a separate tool, either. Although considering the original original screens, there are more than half an hour and the despair of the director performs what has been left behind. For special discrimination, young generations did not like to watch the old black and white movies on TV back in 1973 (it is still true today, alas) so this ambition, forcing the story was new to many viewers; then as now, the rule of ratings and internal cashing was just reel factor d'etre. Gus Van Zandt has hacked Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO for similar reasons as if this has led to an original or novel film, it is better. I loved the novel of James M. Cain's enough time at that time and I enjoyed this second time with long hair, rounded pieces, fabrics, beautiful decorations, and the best "star visitors" Samantha Eggar, who did not try too much . In addition to recognizing a few of the cast from the childhood used before the boob tube, Lee J. Cobb was able to hold my interest as a tired, tired-looking Keyes, but Walter Neff's Richard Crenna was not the only affected by the undersigned. Improved on nature was, of course, never used in a rush to make a buck but, instead of being restored without thinking, a new change of novel would have been a novel idea. The book of Cain differs from some of the genetic material and the terrifying roofs of the shark at the end of the moonlight is the killer. The viewer within me is this exclamation of the "Decade Update" included as part of the DOUBLE INDEMNITY DVD but the experience is not just a long time to see nature, it was me nostalgic for any part of COLUMBO made the best TV series. I was also very excited in the 1973 ABC TV Week that I had never since moved to before: John D. Macdonald's LINDA with Stella Stevens good as a bad wife who kills his girlfriend (sexy John Saxon) wife and then to strengthen her gentle husband for crime and, if I remember correctly, there is also a final end. As the INDEMNITY OF DOUBLE, it had been renewed without the entry of the queen of Virginia Virginia Madsen as a vixen of titular and Richard Thomas as a milquetoast husband.
