Before Stan Laurel became a small half of the comedy team of all time, worked under contract for Broncho Billy Anderson in a cheap price, which most of them were parodies of great Hollywood features. Following the crisis with Anderson, Laurel continued the official series of parodies on the production company of Joe Rock and most of the people. Many of Laurel's animation movies were only mildly at the time, and even less for modern listeners who have not seen the original movie that Laurel is parodying. 'West Hot Dog' is an awareness of the generation of shooting -'- ups. It is usually a special parody of the 'West Pecos', a composer who was released two years ago with no supporters. Since the 'West Pecos' was not very successful, it is difficult to see why the film's film chose the film as the aim of their lights, but why they waited long after the release of photography. And where is the name of 'West of Hot Dog'? It is probably under the fact that 'Fire dog!' was a gender-based debate proposed by the US Sea in the 1920s. (As in the opening of the play 'Machinal'.) <br /> <br /> 'West Hot Dog' was released and led by Joe Rock. Among many other achievements, Rock founded Laurel for Lois Neilson, and later was the best person at their wedding. Full revelation: In the last years of his life, I had a great opportunity to have a friendship with Joe Rock and ask him. At the age of ninety years at that time, the memory of Rock was clearly clear ... but he did not remember anything about the 'West of Hot Dog', and I can't blame him. This film is completely forgotten. The attitude of the leading woman is the name of Mustard Little: If that means something in the 'West Pecos', I don't get it. There are two barriers to 'difficult' here, including the Laurel's way of horse climbing. For just one time in this film, Stan Laurel reminded me of the great Buster Keaton when suddenly he began to run. 'West Hot Dog' is the same as in the matter with the voice for the short Comedy 'North Frozen', but the Keaton version is very funnier. This film plan looks at the situation in Keaton 'Our Hospital' but (again) facing a comparison: here, two strong brothers expect to inherit the Last Saloon, but the former owner has made it weak for Stan tenderfoot. However, the brothers will be legal heirs if Stan dies. Hmmm ... <br /> <br /> Hardly, though: is such a legal law? Quickly takes possession of the property, certainly any more questions of ownership or inheritance that its decision, not the original owner's decision. I had a lot of time to consider these rules when I looked at this inappropriate comedy. At one time, a gag involves an inappropriate animation that is automatically excluded from the film's stock. It looks cheap and not funny. <br /> <br /> This 'Hot Dog' is not available, and no winner: it's just a whiner. My rating: one step out of 10. Hangouts, Stan: in a few years you will be half of the comedy story.
