This film is a good design of one of the best of all time, Silas Marner and George Eliot. <br /> <br /> The film description shown on the IMD detects the original authority but I don't see this at the beginning of the film, just the credit at the end of saying "recommended for the Silas Marner book". Recommended? It was nothing but the complete completion of all the important things of the story: The old man who is not oppressed and sad, the professional, the poor and lonely, has all his money. One night a child walks to his door as his mother sleeps in the snow. One takes him and brings him up to one day the inner squire (or rich politician here) claims to use the child. She is the one who gave birth to a child during the wrong years. The war then seeks out who should have the law of the child. <br /> <br /> In this and every other aspect of the film, the story is the same. In just one I can find the difference. Silas Marner had epilepsy - but maybe that would have reduced the ability of Mr Martin's work too far. On top of that he has his hair made in concoction of carrot juice (perhaps make him look less, but actually make him look more clown that he is)! There is also an increase in useless jokes, that this player cannot resist bringing a story that has no part in it and only prevents it from the depth of the story. As a child cries in a court of publicity he can only be happy with the person who bore him all these years. This is done in the film with a girl who asks for a decongestant of nose in her nose to make her tears! I wonder that the law and trust in the film industry allows the film to be made. If I was a George Eliot sponsor I will continue to insist. If I am Steve Martin I will be able to send benefits to the property, or to the poor. At least it should have the right of Silas Marner - taken by S Martin. Or better still removed from memory! If you are interested in this story - and I hope you - you dismiss this completely and look for Sila's Assistant. Or read the book! The BBC made the best in the 1980s.
