Very little Rogers ginger makes a quick business with one columnist with a rival journalist Lyle Talbot in this 1933 murder story from the Poverty Row Allied Productions film producers. The movie opens with a rich businessman to take a head from the roof of the house of the upper house to plant a house, or was it from a partner apartment? Rogers actually has two features at the beginning of the film, of Miss Terry, the survivor of the victims of the victims, as well as the newspaper of Pat Morgan. He phoned his story directly to the Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of the renewed desk of his paper, he was expelled by his efforts when his boss learned that he had come out. Here is the puzzle - is revealed during the Inspector of Police Observations of Russell (Purnell Pratt) of Harker's death that Terry / Morgan was employed as his secretary for three weeks. Why was that exactly? After the fact it would mean that he was there for news of the newspaper, but before? A couple has dropped in relation to Harker's partner and a well-known farmer who lives in one apartment building, but again, the party does not become involved until it is connected to Peterson General (Harvey Clark). And who makes all the call cards and the snake that makes HSSS, with the words “You will hear” cut and whipped down? It seems that the voice of the serpent was the sound produced by the radiator house system, which Peterson used to find gas poisoning in the rooms of the victims, such as Mrs. Coby in the apartment under Harker. But by answering the question posed by Auditor Russell on the death of Mrs Coby, he replied "with obvious" because of the abolition. These are many of the elements of the opposition that made the movie not suitable for me. The revelation of Peterson's protector as a bad man of this piece comes under very bad conditions as we see the incomprehensible body of Miss Morgan in the incinerator's building furnace! However, to write another step against continuing, we see Miss Morgan in the lower room as Peterson burns the furnace; he made his getaway, but how? And it's still like a picture. And who makes the cage of the screen if no one other than Wilfred's police assistant (Arthur Hoyt), who in the opening area fell on his feet coming into the room. Sorry, but for all retirees who found the "Shriek in the Night" to be a satisfying person, I feel that any of Charlie Chan's films are the same "Anime Partners" by comparison. If you need a reason to see the film, it will be Ginger Rogers, but tell, she doesn't have a dance.
