Just see before the observation tonight. What can I say? It lived through the flight of the ever trailer, though it doesn't say anything. It didn't have anything that any movie had ever done, and it played in such a style that I finally came to the point where I just laughed because I was laughing with the audience, and instead let the humorless movies out. <br /> <br /> So let's see ... we have a little interesting character that tries to return with his old but not enough partner for it, see. We have three friends who all have the "personality" of themselves and one to be the best friend who tries to get to the best friend's girlfriend but always rejected, another friend being super awkward one can't live down to see it positive in everything 24/7 and healed for one liner (which in this case is just a group of film records, especially from Disney), and a third person whose name will not remember but there is a square finish and throw it to announce a message to anyone who keeps listening ... see. We have a female female partner and her parents **** - to prevent the relationship in any way possible when things look at, not mentioning members of the non-partisan family ... see. We have a low-hour clock at a movie where everyone is sad, see. We have a time of "films" of the film coming from long swearing, people fall down or beaten, events from the trailer, and homosexual ... look. And defend yourself to call the spoiler, but we have the end that looks like one idea that would start before even seeing the movie ... see. <br /> <br /> Optionally, this may be ... no, wait ... it would be a PG-13 movie. All that is needed to stop was any bombs. F. Honestly, it would have gained more publicity from the crowd that enjoys this kind of humor, it would have had a little media coverage, and therefore would not like it much like people like me who should try and put it up until recently loved by R such as Superbad and Knocked Up. Humor in this film is very similar and unacceptable and what all people are looking for. I bet even once actors were often concerned with some of the discussions and actions they had to give on the camera. Let's put this way ... in the theater, it will help laugh because it is on the big screen and others laugh. When this movie blows Showtime and explores it at 2:00 on a distant day, you may have a change of direction. The only thing that will look at is Eve Eve's fire (not at least 10, but still very good). <br /> <br /> In addition to the main resolution, this film chose a small part on the side of the obstacles and seemed to forget to write more stories that they tried to develop at the beginning of the movie, where everything else very spinning the window. So there is a great resolution, but what comes? It has never been quite clear, and it does not allow the end to "feel good" suddenly. There was only one thing wrong in this movie, and that was a good voice sound. In addition to the good choice of some of the top 90 rock songs, there was a good score to play that would play in some parts of the film (more so at the beginning) that reminds me of something that David Holmes would mix. I will give you props for good sound sounds. One last thing, this film is likely to be done at the end of the last summer, because the Pepsi's unconditional sponsorship has emerged showed the yellow bottles of the Band Band. I thought that most of the Rock Band players could catch it if you saw it. But I say you hold your money. If this was PG-13 and was 15 years old on Friday and a group of friends, I'd like to say it to you. Otherwise, definitely approve. It does not try and compete with R-authors for the last few years, and it is definitely not good.
