Nope, I just don't get to here. I refuse to go with the app. What? Do you think that maybe this movie is the most tested tad? See the comments of readers and their star ratings: Quantity is 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is an example where testing can say more about people who give them than the movie itself, which is unique. How many sexual fantasies about HIV have been identified and the horse parts have had the most common hits as DVD titles? I watched this film with a sense of expectation, while waiting for fireworks, and instead I got someone to get into the Gucci shopping bag. It seemed good, but once terrible it had been used until the end of the loss did not do much to save it. The story of the movie history says all: The film director about 25 minutes of the border of the port of the port. sex for other films, described to be incorrect, will set aside, waiting two or three years to be hit with a great build-up, then builds a feature around around 25 minutes, publishing 70 minutes of otherwise unrelated, misleading and inserts A chunk of 25 minutes in a series of dreams. That 25 minutes of film in question is strange, original and surprisingly deliberate, the method of calculations goes without saying. But we're not here to evaluate 25 minutes alone, we have to focus on the whole film, and wonder why people are so excited about the film? Or are they interested in history and history of being banned by people who were so stupid for that reason? It is probably the anti-text agenda that attracts them. The hatred of western Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few remaining social exclusivity - Today only it was revealed that the BBC regularly entices their advertisements and protests against Christianity and protesting Western emotions in developing political accuracy. You can say anything you want about the Bible, the priests of pedopheliac, the brutality of the church organization, and how much white people and their non-physical religion exploit the gold of the golf ball ... But say something negative about non-religion. west, and you are toast. This movie was made up of such a feeling, and a young priest who had no beauty on the screen of the screen with two boys of the 14-year-old French who rejected anger, frustration, stroke, back trembling. Ewww. And then there are horse-drawn parts, which have been drawn into a close-up of the fetishistic details which parts of the film can be used as emerging items for biology on animal husbandry. Yes I understand the importance of the image of the image - the largest of the phallus of the reproductive animals just waiting to be opened as a flame - but if I wanted to look at the horse, you know, do, I would like to live on the farm. Having their nature in my face is about as entertaining as watching someone using the bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this just a kind of films of bad social media? Perhaps, although I will give them the effectiveness of the most effective, it has been shown to the type of Euro information that has even a cleared forest clearing out of Monet, perfect and arched painting. And the latter (which even I managed to be surprised by) has a kind of covering all over the neat as a distasteful bag. But you should remember that there are certain things that cannot be created for their design and many artists who are guilty of using them in their work to provide some kind of gravitas that they did not succeed without it. That's not right, and even Clint Eastwood has fallen prey to passion and its new movie about It Jima. If its film is not good as it is different and if the war is a good reason for the men who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two parts of the film and they will have a fabric to give Oscars because of a decent message - not because it is a very good or original movie. Even though it may seem like an odd one, I see one in the news: How can one see the natural beauty of nature before connecting the two horses? And who is unable to see the romantic end of the story story in a piece of film exploding where Beauty and the Beast finally do? Somehow I was unable to score both, and I am glad that I have seen this film so that I can destroy it if it is true: 25 minutes or so to open eyes on the top story of an adult story surrounded by 70 minutes of drainingly boring skull artsy-fartsy Euro Trash dreck on some guy get a haircut, and last end. It is indeed art, but it takes hard. <br /> <br /> 3/10
