I will distribute them in comparison to a popular filmmaker with the name of the neurotic New Yorker persona, because in fact, comparable to a misleading artist Josh Kornbluth, it's just a hatred for any director. I will also avoid mentioning 'furniture' in the satire 'office office' in one breath like this celluloid epidemic. Can I, however, compare and wake up during your own surgery? it is painful to watch and you wonder if travelers know what they are doing. Haiku's tunnel is a type of film you want to break into plugging in its first production stage. It was cruel to allow to live with the result, the audience around the world suffered. <br /> <br /> Cluster of the film? if it really has one? not even talking, but with caution I will do. Josh Kornbluth, a temporary employee with a strong phobia, is given a permanent job. His main task is to send 17 priority letters to his master. But boldly, he can not do this simple task. My answer? Great plan! Isn't that a story? it is the idea of ​​passing the best - one that should adopt anyone independent film. <br /> <br /> The leading actor? if you can call him? it is a human buffoon of man, with chubby characteristics, a defective hair, and a series of facial expressions that differs from the string of the string to a clear disorder. Where did the director find the sand? What are you saying? he is the director? Oh, my mistake. Finding yourself in your own shame of the screenplay is one thing, but I think that Mr Kornbluth is not convincing as a man, then the only actress. Make sure, this is not a moral execution, but I have never been an excuse and the presence of characters on the screen! My confusion was more concerned with its non-camera unologue during events. I mean, if the viewer needs a sense of understanding to understand this shade, Kornbluth scares us more for 'defining' action (the first movie rule: 'show dramatize' show, don't tell it). Who is this person? He has no charisma, no charm, and to judge for his Hawaiian shirts, no sense of fashion. His cast agent should be shot empty! Supporting participants do not do anything to overcome the significant shortcomings that I have seen, including one discrimination. Patricia Scanlon puts the best looks like Helen's former secretary, who has been expelled by her former boss, and makes the phone bothers her down, while having a torch under her face. This has made me to myself, but soon it was over and I returned to check my checks for the remainder of the film. <br /> <br /> Film name is also misnomer. Haiku's tunnel is not associated with the ancient Japanese poetry form. Do not be deceived in thinking this is a film of the gallery because of its voice of engaging sound or the fact that it played only in a few movies and did not make money in the box office? there is a very good reason to be! <br /> <br />
