Office work, especially during this computer period, multiple workmanship machines, e-mails, voicemails, snail letters and 'time,' is a mature area with a pleasant, rounded film, like a clockwatchers' and 'office space,' and very successful. In this recent past by the pool / humor pool, however, `Tunnel Haiku, 'led by Josh Kornbluth and Jacob Kornbluth, fails to live with his predecessors, and leaves some witnesses outside the door, waiting for an entry point. Unfortunately for the audience, this position will not come; so what you find is a good attempt, but as the person said, no smoking. <br /> <br /> As a writer / film star, Josh Kornbluth (who plays Josh Kornbluth), says in the opening of the opening (in a monologue released directly into the camera), this story is a real lie, and happens in city ​​of "San Franc'l'isco". It is innovative, if not a great example of considering, and not all of it interesting. It is, however, a barrier to what will follow, all of which - like despair - not just wonderful. Kornbluth has a kornbluth, a favorite writer who supports working as a `temp. 'It is a good job, and it gives him time to get into some work in his novel. But when he goes to work for a lawyer, Bob Shelby (Warren Keith), he does a very good job on the first day, and Shelby sends head secretary Marlina D'Amore (Helen Shumaker) to Kornbluth to persuade him to go. 'Think of working for a full time for the company, though, initially defeats fear in the heart of Kornbluth, but he blows and points to that position. He is scared of it, but at least now some journalists agree to his existence (which, of course, will not be able to do for a while), and as very difficult things, he has seven very important letters that are written - that now you have to be sent out - go back (he has been blocking them because the letter is a simple part, and he needs that 'something easy to do' in stocks, if all gets too much). These are important letters, however, and on the weekend, Kornbluth still has them in the park, on his desk. And it does not take knowledge to know that when Shelby knows about it, Kornbluth Day as a boy of anger will certainly be over. And quickly .. Brothers Kornbluth, who not only explained, but with John Bellucci also wrote a screenplay for this film, they should have to take a page out of Ben Stiller Book of Comedy, where it says 'If you play the same, they will laugh.' But, they were not, and the audience would not be. Because in comedy, even look at it as possible as possible, when the main character (with many characters characters, in this case) 'Plays' funny-- like, he 'knows' he's funny-- he never is. And that's what Kornbluth does here; so instead of being "funny," comes as anger and mildness, a big mistake in judgment on the part of Kornbluths, because to allow, they sabotaged their own movie. Trying to find out exactly why this film doesn't work, it comes under two basic reasons: Redirecting, which - if not necessarily 'bad' - is at least no matter what; and second, the exhibition, starting with that of Josh Kornbluth. Simply simply, Kornbluth just seems attracted to himself to be effective here. Unlike Still, or even Steve Martin - all who use the sense of isolation very effectively - Kornbluth seems to have an ego that will not allow itself to put on the light; he seems to have the need to listen to his audience that he, the real Kornbluth, is actually more clever than the character of Kornbluth. And that can not pass that makes it, with the film. Instead of providing millions of office servants who can see this film a person who can interact with or who can identify, Kornbluth affects the self-deception that only serves to separate people who is trying to reach. So it all happens is the case of leading poor and unemployed, and when you consider that the screenplay itself was weak to begin, with a meaningless meaningless goal (due to the ability of the rich issue) easy to understand why this is not just a fly. <br /> <br /> One grace saving of the film is the performance and Warren Keith as Shelby, whose delivery of the trick convinces, and which - inside and itself - is very pleased. His achievement has decreased, however, since Keith has to share his events with Kornbluth, which in turn eliminates his positive contribution to the project. Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) can also put their heads on water and their exhibitions, which are proposed, if not completely remembered; they at least make their watchable scenes, and Overman even manages to increase the effectiveness of Kornbluth, just for a short time. But it is still not enough to save a day or film. The support that includes including Amy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), June Lomena (DaVonne), Joe Bellan (Jimmy e-mail correspondent), and the appearance of Harry Shearer, who is the Leader of Direction - the role that asks for the answer to the question, 'What did he think when he accepted this?' In any working environment, there will be an eternal situation arising from that one way or another will not be safe for the comedic code of the person, and films that reflect the situation will always be with us; those who are good (see one verse) can even be classics for their own right. `Tunnel Haiku, 'however, of course the course will remain too long among them, since it is finally false elsewhere - in the area known as:' Observation. 'I rate one 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
