From the first time I saw the cover of a movie box and a photograph shot I thought of this person, this 'Scwarz' friend should be like 6 foot or 6ft 2in. <br /> <br /> Not 5 feet long. Not it, it's his fault. At any rate, I gave one movie a cold night in Tucson, out of the second story of the story with a good cigarette and letting it. At that time my wife had something and things were climbing up the mountain for me, so I needed a good mix. But, as bad as the film was ... I really enjoyed it, and the Merlot bottle also, I would like to accept it. True, I've watched this film many times. It always makes me feel good! It's not 'trying too much' to be cold or that 'It's so close' to score a film for action .... It's sad. And then of course. Then angry again. It is better when it comes to faster speed tracking location. Wow! I have never felt safe in my life. Warm and fun too. I was grateful that they took care of gasoline during the expulsion, because of the low productivity in the summer months ... whatever it was / was to be choreographed, or re-choreographed by it was stopped, the sound had been given not hit, it just continued, another way. The 'inhabitants' of the village were, the city, were 'few' and they also did not seem to follow what was happening well, they would look and even 'look' into the camera lens. As the grass in the head of the head kind of something just some of them with a smile, an exciting quest. I feel because 'Columbu' I just bet is a good heart and spirit of caring for the American people as well as people of his own country. <br /> <br /> Yet "Baretta Island" is very lethargic and impossible. I still love it very much. Now my wife - x hates, but I love it! The strange thing is, I choose a lot when it comes to movies I like or even 'love'. All in all, I like Franco. So there is. <br /> <br /> Like this add-on video if you would like to kill a few hours and really enjoyable, direct video-B movies or 'bad' movies for your library collection then, if you can find, see 'Large Sweat' (1991) and Robert Z 'Dar .. you know someone great from' TANGO & CASH '. 'Large Sweat', a bomb bomb of a soldier without the discovery of a real plot and act that is lame, can also be 'on the strokes' and the end of the 'Big Sweat' I think they ran money, because they had a picture of cast and put it only fire and leave it during the credit. - Good fun. But all for all, not the same as Baretta Island, I gave '1' and a total rating of 'bad' to bad B 'movie. I wait for a series, maybe as 'Baretta revenge on Montazuma' (Franco took a Mexican holiday and gets sick on the water then, says war on co co water.) Or 'Baretta's powder war' where he could enter the master of the drug The addiction in his country and the organic genes and create insects that are formed and fall into the fields of cocaine and eat coke and on the passing through the worm, makes a chemical reaction that turns coke to the pure sugar flour. Then another good one would need to find young people saved from the complexity of sugar and so on. He could find a large toothpaste company to approve and share the project with care of the product in the feature. Right? (*)
