Unfortunately, the publication of the film we were looking to see a fire on Universal Studios last week, so we were having a video. That may be an example for this second movie of King Kong from the studio director of Toho Ishiro Honda. Basically it is heated to "King Kong against Godzilla". It even uses Mecha-Kong idea, like Mecha-Godzilla. In fact, the final films and King Kong are fighting Mecha-Kong on the former Tokyo tower, but if you do not know that you are already in an age group that this film was planned. Release is led by a boy named Rhodes Because we have never heard about ... by looking at his list I see most of the American dispersion features, so it's amazing that they found all the way to Japan to they can have an American name hero. The real hero of the movie is the most intelligent Japanese commander played by Akira Takarada, whom I realized from the icon of Hiroshi Inagaki's "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also from the original Godzilla and Honda films. Sorry Rhodes Because you are, but this person has the presence of more screens and you can call a bet that everyone wants to be completed with a little beautiful blonde, played by Linda Miller. We laughed in a way Because it always could find a way to separate between Miller and Takarada, who appeared as he preferred. Of course, like all leading women in Kong, its primary relationship is with the king himself. He knows a good trick: if you say in a big dark ..... actually .... slowly ..... he will understand what you are saying. And if you are a blonde gal, that means she will do anything you tell her to do. The fact was not lost by Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madam Piranha (Mie Hama) - representing "a nation that will not be called" - who plan to use him as a bait in order to get the Hong to dig mineral deposits locked in North Pole. Yes, this is actually a plot of the whole movie - it looks just a large piece will be able to dig these minerals that can be used to make super powerful weapons. Dr. Who builds Mecha-Kong to find it but the cycle gets along the way, so they decide to go to the actual Kong. Kong himself appears for a short time with Mecha-Kong, a feature of the story that may have made the film more interesting but not followed. At the end of the film, a beautiful blonde has said "Kong" or "King Kong" in his sympathetic voice often that when two heroes tell him to let him go at the end they talk to all of us. In essence this movie prohibits any glory that was possible in the character of Kong by making a hero of a hero and very friendly very early, as a new version of the story. Kong is just a boy in a suit in this film, and they show a lot of to the point where the goofy face is impossible to take for weight. It's a good movie to watch, I am sure it meets the demands or desires of fans of this kind of thing, which is actually more than a film to fight with a monster film in many ways. Monsters have never been awesome in these films, they just jump around and push each other very close. It's not a useless movie, but it's very predictable and so formulaic for anyone under 10 years of age or so maybe it will be just entertaining as comedy.
