This is turning left to Reel 13 Indies. Two HARBORS are a B&W film of 75 minutes from Minnesota which has non-characters and it is about two people to find a relationship through a search for an alien. I am grateful for the courage of the Reel 13 programs to think outside the box when choosing this film. I just wish they would choose a powerful film with courage. In fact, I wonder if the option was more relevant to the film than the actual quality of the film itself (Not that HARBORS TWO is not enough, but I will come later). <br /> <br /> As is the case with independent films, two HARBORS are limited according to location. Are there only two true areas? The largest market of junk traders and trailer of the very teeny, which is the home of the main character of middle age, Vic, played by Alex Cole. The author / director James Vculek uses the market environment to provide exhibitions about Vic, who is one of the traders there. Has different people going to Vic and start a very long conversation that just gives us two pieces of information? Vic sells play stations (likes to call "external action figures") and he is a caustic asshole. This is one of the two major problems with two HARBORS - each speaking. I said earlier and will I say it again? we are dealing with the most common and film websites they need to work hard to tell their stories visually. There are differences, of course, but in general, the endless patter is not very involved in the film? especially if the dialogue is used as a definition. Very good conversation in the film is long and unnecessary. A well-known example will be a few scenes that Vic tries to play himself as a Boy Scout leader to get a discount in the shop. He says and the clerk back and forth with these events does not predict even one plot of conspiracy. This is the kind of thing that makes even a 75-minute film feel for a long time. Another problem with two HARBORS is acting. I might be a little bit of scandal when it comes to performance in the film, but I don't feel like there is a good excuse to have good participants in your films. Are there many good actors out there, many of whom like to work on low budget projects? even in Minnesota. Many film actors show the importance of acting as secondary to their presentations, but that's naïve. In the story of the story story, near the story, there is nothing more important than acting / exhibitions. If you don't believe people who are busy with your story, your audience is lost. At first, I thought Vculek was doing non-actors, but if the film continued, I decided to be perhaps the community actors of the exhibition type. It wasn't that they didn't worry on the camera. It was that they were on the exhibition (ie, large). Indeed, the best actors were the two leading? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a little girl who gets a Vic international striker. They seemed to have more training, but they were still a little angry around the round. The representation was shown to be just a face - it did not come from the real, inner place. Mrs Johnson, in particular, is an interesting thing. He definitely has a presence? The charm of Midwestern on it, but that charisma refers to the issues of its behavior needed. He is striving to describe the idiosyncrasies that come from the required life of isolation and (slave?), Depending on the eyes of the eyes as the fingers of the eye, the right mouth and clapping to suggest his concern to the outside world. I explained in the first paragraph that HARBORS two were not worthy of it and this is what I mean. Without giving too far, there is a fade of white clock on the film. After this, the story takes turning to an amazing, which allows fifteen minutes to last to be stronger and stronger? it's like a punch of sucker on the gut, but in a good way. It's almost a great relief to feel something after a long time with these characters. The last five minutes of films have no conversations and the results are the best part of the film? The trick, deep (Cole does his best work of the film) and most importantly, movies. Then, with fast installing comes the greatest revelation of all? that depends on the true story, which made me think. With all the talks, a small area and lack of features of the cinema, it happened to me that for two actors of the kick ass and re-reinforcing, two HARBORS can make the game play dancing? maybe even one act. If there are brave producers out there reading this, I certainly recommend seeing if you can get hold of the film and contact the film manufacturer, Reel 13 or whomever. Could there be something of this story after all? <br /> (For more information on this or another Reel 13 film, see their website at www.reel13.org)
