Genghis Cohn is a leisure video of Britain's British police commissioner in the late 1950s who is hated by the spirit of a Jewish player who was killed 15 years earlier when he was under Hitler in SS. The Spirit returns and wants his murderer to live as a Jew to deliver on the murder he has committed. Otto, the German police really knows the name of this spirit because, the last thing he did before he died, said, in Yiddish, 'Buse my ass'. The police did not speak Yiddish, so he asked almost until he saw the meaning. 'Kiss' my ass' left feeling like that everyone involved in the killings learned and remember the partner's name, Genghis Cohn <br /> <br /> There is a group of men who are killed in the commission of police commissioner, and no tips useful. Men are killed by a set of knives that are not available from the local butcher. The pupil announces that his knives are not available when the commissioner is in the shop to find a sandwich of liver and onions, so the commissioner is a suspect. The first person is killed when he loves love for the wife of the butcher, so the butcher is a suspect. But the butcher insists that he will have a lot of work if he kills everyone who sleeps with his wife. All men are killed immediately after the peak of love. I think I might be less angry than Genghis Cohn's spirit if I was killed if he was. It seems to be very good-natured about it, as if it was only in a car crash. I can just think it is because it's a British movie and they are known to be very respectable people. He uses some of his material from his way of standing, and I just found it very funny. It gave this movie 4 because it was just a goofy type. I thought it should be worse than it was. Movie seems to be a mystery of murder (where did it come from?), And it seemed that Genghis should be more beneficial than he. The movie gave me a little look at the Jewish culture, but it was just a deep-depth skin. What? Do all Jews love liver and liver sandwiches? Do all say 'shtoop' and 'meshuganah' in their everyday vocabulary? Are not the most important things we should know about culture? I saw this movie in the Jewish community center in Berkeley, CA, and I was the only person in the room that had no hair gray or white. (I have no white or white hair.) There were 18 of us, and after the movie stayed for 20 minutes to discuss the movie. There were two issues described in the following: 1. The movie was a way of a normal and future heart that could not understand what was happening and 2. If the Holocaust victims die, future generations do not know what happened. I thought this second concern was worried and I told them I did not need to worry because there are tons of literature out there and there will always be people who like to watch movies, like myself. The killings of 6,000,000 people and the worst person will never forget. I write this last paragraph because they judged me for telling others about my experience that day.
