Times are hard for Angel Town, administrative groups and fist of iron and for unknown reasons (mainly due to embarrassing text) groups want a street child, Martine join groups, so they beat him every day. However, due to the presence of the Olympic player (Olivier "world player" Gruner, Jacques, hope is on the way. Angel Town is one of many movies that are not available (and I have found my section) seems to include the idea that all the groups have been affected by the neighbor, it's French kick-boxers who can't act. Worst of all there is when most awkward is really just hilarious. The best comes from the exchange between Gruner and Aragon which basically emphasizes how this is unwise. For Wit: "Do you like fighting? (Olivier hits his best Asian friend at the head) I was able to kill him right?" I loved to die! Because I don't want to die is because I'm afraid and I know that if I kill his son and his wife they will kill me, that's why he won't die! "<br /> <br /> Of course the fact that it is wrong to kill someone, then your best friend is actually left out of the equation. Then. The great laughter comes at the end of the catastrophe that you see Grunner going straight to the group members who are (the big gap of the film's film) reduces the use of pistols. out to shoot his guns machine in groups, while Gruner kick-boxes other. All this has been installed with a terrible "Mexican" sound and surreal permits that make this thing memorable for fans of movie garbage like this. > Other treatments on this film, it is for some reason that Olivier Gruner has not attended college even though that is the reason why he is here and not France with his girlfriend (in the first film of the film) Angel Town is undoubtedly fail to meet all but if you laugh at the martial arts military and insane levels that don't know at any rate, this is the perfect movie for you. On the other hand make sure the bottom of the tequila, like the opening song of the sounds "Is there no mercy in Angel Town" <br /> <br /> * from 4- (Bad)
