Billy Chung Siu Hung's (films of Assassin's blood from 1993) The Love Kuua (Hong Kong, 1993) is one of the most powerful group of III group that lived in the HK movie in the early nineties. It had a film with strong sex, dirt and violence, more or less gratuitous and shock only value. The love of kill is obvious to the "more" and the most commonly thought-cell groups. / Psycho HK Anthony Wong (from winning the Untold Story of Herman Yau, from the same year) has a business man and a husband who likes to torture, humiliate and bury his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung) who for some reason did not leave her and save herself himself and their young child from the torturer. Police (Danny Lee, a famous police actor from film as Dr. Lamb (1992) and Billy Tang (and led by Lee) by Killer (1989) and John Woo for just a few) however see the problem and start protecting his wife and son but Anthony usually does not like this at all, and it leads all to the usual finale of ultra-mean spirited and graphic time of rain. <br /> <br /> The film is almost entirely without any great character as it is just a piece of exploitation to get money when these films were very popular. Photos and events are something that has never been found in Western movies, at least as usual, and all of them are more intelligent when some of the strings to the Western Heads, like the violence and the perversion that the child has preached, are broken into these films so often that reading programs alone could make many viewers feel sick, and that goes exactly with this film too. <br /> <br /> The film still has an interesting and interesting sound in the tradition of Dr. which usually started all the games in 1992. Usually the music and sound in HK films are interesting and adds to pictures, especially in these terrorist films. Also the movies should mention whether the film blows, especially in the end, blue colors and camera lenses (such as Assassin, too), and severe storms are taken well on the camera. Otherwise there is nothing that can measure any top film except on the nastiness meter. Workers and actors are talented and professionals and so do not make the film worse for their acting. Still the film has a common humor HK in it which makes the disease go-even even sick as some "humor" is thrown into the soup. That includes jokes about Danny Lee adjustments and so on. Something that can never be found in western "western" films either. And it often destroys HK films that are known as humor is just a clear and trying way to try to entertain viewers and citizens. The film has a very high degree of disgust because it has many images that depict Wong's wife in various ways. She is taken and raped, beaten and chosen by her husband. We can also see other obstacles from the childhood of Wong which seem to be as violent as his own father had also killed and turned to his younger son in what he is now. These flashback events, especially at the end of the film, also include unexpected experiences as the image comes (eg hits of ax) and which creates the rock completely and means the atmosphere of the atmosphere. Again something HK producers seem to be able to come up with. Finally it includes a lot of sudden and surprising year as mad uses its copper and meets also nails, for example, through its fury. The film is also “good” in my opinion as violence and terrorism are real and are concerned with things that should not be considered as entertainment, especially I mean rape. The version I saw (I have seen two versions) includes a very long anti-nausea area that tries to be as sad as possible. I do not know that HK listeners like such images but I think no one has a moral sense in the film / entertainment will not accept or do such a thing. Women are more likely to be abused and killed by tragic and less tragic ways so that the success of men is very close when compared to women. The next version I saw, the most recent DVD in HK (without subtitles) has this "table of brutality" form for a longer form than a DVD with Taiwanese name which is similar to the version HK. I have also felt that the former HK Laserdisc is different from these two and since the last credit is full of scenes and images that are not available on the real film, it is impossible to say the "without" versions made or displayed displays. It is obvious that a lot of pictures have been taken, perhaps even before the release of the exhibition. Film written by Law Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kin, who had also written film as Dr. Lamb, The Untold Story and Traders (Kirk Wong, 1988) but outside of his other films that I have seen, The Love of Kill is the most unique. Dr Lamb and Untold Story are both brutal and cruel but they also have some resistance to the authorities and men as long as it is easy to turn into an animal when fighting or fighting one. The horrible picture of The Untold Story, the victim being a criminal, is very powerful and definitely has the effect of changing something that can decay in society and between the police for instance. But no matter in Love Kill, it is only honest, counted by the rapidly slowed, who by the way, provided by the former director Kirk "Condemned Crime & Triad Bureau (1993), Crime Story (1993)" Wong Love Kill \ t more than 2/10 from me because I am not so thankful for this film. (HK) Cinema means that it can be more and more like a film like Love Kill is the only commercial parasites living among the actual pieces of art.
