Well, I would like to lie if I say that this can fight with Spiderman or Batman movies. However, it was more appealing to me for value values. I got the first VHS when my child was 2 years old and immediately liked it. My wife and I are followers of Robert Townsend and we have been using credit cards to give his first film, "Shuffle's Hollywood". True, he needs to use the profits and expertise of technical advisers to make the film reliable, but his movies are still interesting. Weather Man provides a hero for a modern urban feel. I always felt that, if there were superheroes, they could not provide such incidents as shown in the community. Meteor Man is a real hero and real trouble: The car has broken into, the bad neighborhood, drug addicts using children for distribution, etc.. The scope of his message was very deep in the community. which seemed to be an entertaining, out of James Earl Jones's "performance ever", was how the neighbor reacted to his new authority. It wasn't long before it had a full agenda set for it, without its input, of course. It was hilarious to hear them giving out to other communities where their families had lived. Yes, the plot was weak, the film was predictable, there was a bad performance and decaying progress, but it supports # 1 with my children. Robert Townsend works to bring movies "home" to talk. I am sure that he will come to be recognized as an actor / producer / talented director, but there is always to be, those who love him for his efforts. One of the reflections of the film, which I find exciting: In all wars with Simon, no one was concerned about calling the police ???? Also, what does the mother and father know that they will look at their child fighting the window? My mother would be there, blowing to my side, toe toe. Dad would loot his pistol. lol <br /> <br /> Use and watch. It is important to see at least once and good for those who are fans of Sinbad, Luther Vandross, Bill Cosby, Big Daddy Kane, etc. Great work with Robert camos!
