There is NOTHING cool, hip, or clever about this film - it just seems to show the ignorance of the true art of movies. How can you easily forget that the main fact of all this film is that these mean and bad people are. . . SERIAL KILLERS! If they need to delete the general guests to "become a family again," then we don't want to be "a family." What? What part of this was the problem of catching? Why do you like this dirt? This is dirty dirt what you do if you can't do art! The head of man and life must have an inherent detail for this irregularity as an "irritating". This is a camera without a brain. What makes the drawing good is biased, questioning the situation with a well-known perspective and knowledge of history (or, in this case, knowledge of anything possible!). Instead, this is just randomly incorporating the worst images available in the world in disruption, just because the kind of an irregularity is honored as “the reason for the winter is now OUT, man!”). These incidents of similar violence actually HAPPEN, every day. "Just in the film." They refer to the real people who are under the souls who will do such things for you. What? You want these things done to you? The child could think of it, needed zero, not surgery. This lazy crap does not contain content, does not say anything - it's the worst news of the evening, and it doesn't say anything new, whatever we don't know. It is “the new clothes of the king,” the director hopes that there are under-educated children, boasting their humanity, for this improper defilement. I can see the fans of the gold-bound Miikers now: cups-and-cigarette cups are covered with fingers, and the iron burns from the holes on their faces, the foundation of the same skills and their own balance. <br /> There is no PLOT for this - it's just a misuse of the violence of the shock value. There is no "hidden meaning" anywhere in this film. It is good to explore the film to see if you can find artistic materials that are artistic, but you can't reveal the meaning of the secret if someone doesn't exist! In order to do that you need to watch & reset a piece of REAL video. There are many people out there, led by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet. Why do you watch the REAL film and the great ones? This director, Miike, can not do the same film as one of the skills I listed because they do not have the talent! Anyone can call together with a disorderly setting as "Alien Q." Youth can throw it together in one day! No message, no sense, no plot, nothing. There are a long list of ART movies to learn from - but this "Alien Q" is not an art film for any respect. It doesn't matter its content. It is the only fear of banal that was inflicted on another, and the fact of remembering the crime of evil is that these things have been found, every day, somewhere in the world. They are not the same because "it's just on the film." They refer to the real people who are under the souls who will do such things for you. What? You want these things done to you? For others? Why? Because this world is already bad, thanks to people who enjoy thinking about such terrible events. There are many sooooo movies out there to use your mind to strengthen, but you lose your talent for this piece. There is no more meaning. There is nothing to analyze; why are you trying to try? I have spent nearly 40 years looking at each of the films, and continuing every month, but I've never seen anything as bad as this. It's not thinking or even terrible, because these kinds of events occur every day around the world. To make this film, or even go well, has led more than 50 young people who do not know the best to think it is "cool." They can grow to think that, to convince others, who may end up doing these things - the killers of crimes often reveal how they started this way, with the abolition of the fury of this evil. Believe me on this, - I know the cold, and this cool piece of crap is not. Alien Q has a FILIA film of the true SNUFF, and I'm sure not, really. Your actions are harmful, child. The world is very bad already. Other violence like this can happen to you, or the non-accountable community director who hit this FAKE Art Gallery. Believe me, you can't think it's “cool” when someone sees your skull for half!
