(BIG SPOILERS) I have seen one of Takashi Miike's films, and that was a "very sensitive" and brutal inquiry, which was a look at the Japanese female values! In the 'Alien Q'- which I think means' Alien Questions' - he explores, in a very dramatic way, the family unit. The vision of the unemployed family of the family tries to be Lynchian for frustration and film making, but eventually there is no style and preference. We, the audience, are recognized by the incredible events from the opening area and the figure of the father (Kenichi Endo- who was absolutely true) to have sex with his exiled daughter (Fujiko). Then, as the father returns home, he kills the head with the "guest" (Kazushi Watanabe) with a common-size rock, and for some reason, all go home. Mother (Shungiku Uchida) has been beaten and bought by her son (Jun Muto) who is also beaten and abused by her schoolmates. When the visitor enters the home, he bothers himself as part of the unit. Finally, the family begins to improve their relationship, with help from the visitor, through milk milk, murder and maintaining family pride. And there are other incidents that somehow bring families closer. It is surprising, but it is also very serious, and high-top in its weakness. There is a necrophiliac area that says quite a bit, but it is becoming ridiculously funny as the scene continues. Partly because of the situation itself, and because you can't believe the creators and executives are actually doing it! The film's style is poor to say the least, and the plot is stupid and weak faith. The characters themselves are in place, and when I get to understand this is not to be true, they do not have any interest in these characters and the situation as they all are up to the top! The camera function is complicated, and it does not have a movie that feels that Lynch's work involves. It is difficult to take this film seriously on a surrealist level, or by exploring the family unit in Japan. It seems only that Miike was shocked, and the film seems to realize that it is "trying" to be surprising, and it becomes almost interesting to be taken seriously. All in all, I would say that this film is a wonderful comedy, but it looks and feels amateurish, and it seems an amazing need. The original Miike Film, Inspection, had a good balance between the fear of fear, the development of behavior and techniques - which created more controversy through the planned film to allow the viewer to be mixed with the plot. 'Alien Q' is a step down as it tries to be very difficult to be extraordinary and deliberately tackling, without having much to say in the process! <br /> <br /> ** out of *****!
