Here is a match. . . Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) V Perfect Team (Mr Perfect, Ax, Smash and Crush of Destruction) (Adv = benefits.): Ax is the first to go for seconds when the hero beat him with the pin (Warshaors 4-3). I knew Ax was not a healthy person but if it was so bad why worrying him on the card? This will be its last PPV. Finally, the Legion of Destruction and Destruction works at a low cost through two shortcuts (Workshops 2-1 consultants). Fully applies full Plex on Tornado of Texas in secret. Then he tries the same as the Warrior but the Warrior doesn't sell and run out. The Warrior returns with a stroke to push Perfect and become a special one. The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and Hart Foundation v Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): The secret partner is Undertaker and, on its beginning, makes the effect of Koko once with hurricane ( Monsoon can still say its length, weight and finish when he pretends to know who he is and make it 4-3 to the Dibiase Team. Honky for pin (3-3) and his work with WWF is completed. who falls to Dibiase with help from Virgil (3-2 team of advice Dibiase). -handle off the string up but does not leave quietly attack Brother Love. Undertaker goes after dust and gets counted out despite being not a legal person (2 -1 Kiel Team Dibiase's) Nearly after, Greg gets caught in childhood with Hart trying to put a four-foot barrier over it and gets an obstacle. It comes to Hart v Dibia se and after a few minutes of good fight, Bret gets a cross of his body and tog sold by Dibiase for pins. Dibiase is the only advocate. At least Hart is used properly. 6/10 <br /> <br /> Snake (Jake 'Snake' Roberts 'Superfly' Jimmy Snuka and Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick 'Model' Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): After spending time on the ring, Marty Jannetty gets power from Warlord if it comes from the top cord to pin (4-3 adv. Visionaries). Snuka gets pinned for seconds and Martel who turns the cross of his body (4-2 Vision.). Michaels is found in Power Plex and charged with Rome (4-1 Advisors). Now Roberts against four men who match his efforts to the Survivor series two years before. In spite of Warlord and DDT, Roberts is counted to track Martel. The audience is the first team in the history of the series Survivor to live quite as one. Not much here to look to be honest as psychology runs away. 3/10 Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, 'Hacksaw' Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Scholar and Haku): One Bossman slam removes Haku earlier in bout (4-3 consultancy Hulkamaniacs) . Duggan gets 2 and 4 out after the quake to get legitimate (3-3). Bravo commits suicide for a short time later by allowing Hogan to find him in secret (3-2 consultancy Hulkamaniacs). Earthquakes can conquer the Bossman with two tablespoons of spoon soon afterwards (2-2). Hogan gets to beat down and finally the assertion gets a tag (who knew he was there at this point?), He competes for 30 seconds before you get counted out with an earthquake. Only Hogan and Msomi left. The scholar puts a good mistake but of course gets caught in a big boot with a drop of foot to pins. Hogan is the only advocate. 4/10 Cooperation (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) v The Memorandum (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and East Express): All fingers wore a face color. Light pins quickly here and Santana pinning Zhukov in his last PPV in a second (4-3 consultation Alliance). There was not even a showdown of Bolshevik. Bushwhackers hit Sato and beat Ram even though Tanaka was a legal person (4-2 kiel. Alliance) and it would be his last match on WWF PPV as Orient Express to get repackaged. Tanaka follows Sato while Santana fights with a flying gun (4-1 advice Alliance). In spite of the slaughter into the ring against the four men, he removes Volkoff (whose work has ended after this), Butch and Luke in the same order easily. Finally, Santana strikes for an incomplete death when General Adnan strikes the Iraq flag. Finally booking some interesting though the match was bad. Santana takes the triumph of defeat as the only advocate and is at its last hour. 3/10 <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> </ He / she plays with Gene Okerlund and gets scared with the crowd while Piper and Monsoon pretend they are enjoying it. Rescue Match: Final winner, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and 'Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just another list of withdrawal like Santana pins Warlord for seconds with a flying gun at least retaliate his final summers of the Summerslam (4-3 team of Dibiase advice). Dibiase stun gun Santana after pins (4-2 consulting team Dibiase). Hogan drives out of Plex Power and continues to capture Rome after the clothes of clothing, effectively killing the Power and Glory (3-2 Dibiase team). Hogan eliminates Martel by counting and Dibiase with a foot drop in the pins (2-1 team hogan team). Hogan eventually allows the Warrior in a match that quickly misses the former Nemesis Hercules after being beaten. The end of predicting to the point of nausea. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Overall, very many matches and a little too little time and bad effects like wrestlers were almost waiting on the conveyor belt to be pinned. Most of the heels were cut by the Warrior and Hogan which is a bad way to handle the great role of wrestlers.
