I would like to say that this was a little embarrassing to the 'King of Cowboys'; made in 1948, the photograph was released ten years after the pictures of Roy Rogers's first one who had the role of star. Roy's behavior comes if it is not found in this, with his wife's wife Jane Frazee, who surrenders her obedience between Roy and Robert Livingston, showing bad leader Bill Regan. The whole story seems to be of a variety of events, and lost opportunities for what could be an hour of entertainment or so. As the story of 'Hotel Hangman' for example, which says the impaled man comes in midnight. And Andy Devine in the cast as a Bullfincher Cookie, you would like to think the story would get a little mileage out of that setup. Instead, you have some of the charges used that would better serve if this was the Bowery Boys flick. It was a sad attempt on the gimmick of a furious hotel that depended on the poor of Genevieve, who really was told, was injured more time to screen than Trigger, who has a contract as 'Smartest Horse in Movies' had nothing to say about getting upstaged and mule. And then you have a Foy Wants and its designers of Sage Purple instead Bob Nolan and Sons of Pioneers for your music interaction. I don't know about you, but it was already half going to the picture and I was still looking at Pat Brady - oh well! Still there was still an interesting feature found here if you were looking hard, and that became Roy's assault player when running away from bad people. Okay, maybe it was a stunt twice, but I haven't seen that one before several hundred Western people. Jane Frazee honors as a leading woman in this picture, as she will get four other films against Roy in 1947/1948. In "Under California Stars", he appeared as Andy Devine's cousin, with skill called Caroline Bullfincher. You have never believed what side he will enter into this story though, since he began to pretend to be a man without, and to take it to the nearest side of the accident. The old Laurel and Hardy filmmakers can be surprised as I saw James Finlayson here as Sheriff's River. I would like a little more than a written aid in his role, but he played very well after all. I had to ask myself, when you lost, why did the former Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) drop down the mine and the Cookie when he had no reason to be that. The only way to close the guess, and about as many ideas as entered into all the pictures. I hate being hard, but if you have seen enough Roy Rogers plays flicks, you should know that this was not one of his good efforts. Say, Sandha - I wonder if the same place that became Sin City?
