Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the funnier women who have been "Saturday Night Live". It is unfortunate that they, along with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, were on the SNL during the long-term spread of unfunny writing and decision-making (mid 2002-2006) show has ever been. However, these two women actually know what is funny, and they know how to write a funny movie. You will see in this movie's credit that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story of "Breach of Spring", but who wrote the actual screens, which include all the dialogue with all the filling material that makes the story on the film multidimensional? Yep, tu Shiraki. Only one boy wrote a discussion of this film, and no women wrote the script with him. Make it a good movie break movie that does not spoof a lot of holiday holidays as well as using the same as MTV does every year. <br /> <br /> Like Dratch, Poehler, and even co-star Parker Posey could contribute to their author on the screen, it would have been greatly reduced. The premise is the original, being about three thirty women and something that did not like high school (and apparently university) also who did not have a rest break of the spring rest which they thought they had dreamed. I say "allegedly" because you don't know exactly what they enjoy. They entered the talent show in the past where they sing the woman's songs of true women as "True Colors", and they spend their nights together with pizza-making parties. Although none of them can attract them, the outside world seems to harm them as they are. There is a place where a blind pupil of Poehler (played by the real life of Poehler Will Arnett) asks him out of the date, just touching his face and immediately changing his mind. If Poehler's behavior should not be interesting, they actually hired incompetent drums. <br /> <br /> Movie continues to show the promise, although we have doubts about the main characters, while the Posey boss, the Texas Senator 'Kay Bee' Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as always) employs Posey to watch over his unwanted daughter University (Amber Tamblyn, still playing another woman who is attracted to real life, but not to any of the characters in this movie) when she goes to the Laguna Beach holiday holiday in Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch are coming, they refuse to get boozed up, a party like they should have when they were in college, and then come to the final showdown and sorority bitches led by Sophie Monk. Sophie Monk is a very attractive woman who has a whole body of women and men will kill a different cause. Unfortunately, his film work is far from the start of an irreplaceable "Modern Day" and "Click" (2006). Here, he plays the South belle, although his voice looks like he stole the Delta Burke voice box. He reduces very little, struggling to play with the bitch of volunteer that comes as far as the caricature of college students who have been destroyed as an extra bonus. The "Spring Break" was released directly to the DVD despite the power of Amy Poehler's star, but certainly so because the story is too cliché way. It can also be called "Breach of the National Spring", and probably the newspaper would be valid for trademark infringement because of free advertising. If the director Shiraki has given her at least one woman inputs in innovation, especially Rachel Dratch, this film would have been good and not as close as a run-mill as a comedy house commission we have seen earlier. I know Dratch will come up with another fantastic concept, and hopefully allowed to fill another part of the screen. She is funny enough, and she deserves better than this semi-baked comedy that would accept the brother of Stiffler with open hands.
