I've never read Gary Paulsen's novel, Hatchet, which 'Cry in Wild' is effective, so I can't compare the book. I, however, will say that if the film itself, changing or separating no, it is an unprecedented adventure that does not provide a brief description of its few characters. <br /> <br /> Think of 'Right In Animals' as a young boy's mountain (was Quincy, California's only place held?) version of' Cast Cast. 'Jared Rushton is 13-year-old Brian Roebson, a child who climbed a small plane to visit his father, until the trick fell on a hill that was not there, leaving the child bound for long and defensive. > <br /> There are basically three parts on the film. It is obvious that the introduction of ten or fifteen minutes of characters, namely Brian and his mother. The second third of the film (which completely uses the entire film) is that of Brian "making it." These events have no amazing action, there is nothing better than many pictures of the beautiful landscape of Yukon. There is no obstacle to you, no real encounter (except a fierce fight with a cub), and there is no great problem to establish a kind of enjoyment or relationship with a character on the screen. You may even feel for a long time as we witness to Brian's approach to the first way, the first ways, and then better upgrade (using tools, etc.) for his survival. It's more like a normal time that passes if you were stuck in the situation, and that's pretty much on it. In other words, they have no meat on Paulsen's words when they called them to the media. <br /> <br /> And in fact, the third part of the film is its rescue. It is a subplot that continues to strive to identify yourself at this time, however. A collision between Brian and his parents who formed a rocky, non-violent relationship between them. However, for the most part, it is briefly summarized, in the middle, the small discussion of the dialogue that is more visible as the story behind the music video. Every minute, the singer from Jefferson Starship, should remember to begin with 'Sara.' Other than what the viewer can draw from its results, or I think with his own need to fill the deficiencies in the notes, we find a very unpredictable story that is possible to enjoy at least part of this film and connect the characters, if it is true or not to do with the adventure of Brian's life in the third part of the movie. These are wrong in the story which through the viewer intervenes as he struggles to find out what those people there on the screen are doing and, for me, almost have reached the point of screaming on television saying something and tell me more! <br /> <br /> Certainly not, for me, a good story of adventure. But, for the fans of Jared Rushton, it was one of the last few movies. So, just look for cleanliness, if nothing else.
