After seeing only half of the film in the school back in November, today, I saw it was at Flix's center and decided to look at it all and write a new review on it. The book that the film depends on, Hatchet, is the same. This is worse than that. The worst (and I mean bad) acting, bad conversation, and moderate movies make this awesome Hatchet revision. <br /> <br /> The movie starts Brian who is a picture of a 80-year-old boy (mullet games, playing his head for cheap rock price 80) and his mother driving a car to fly in order to fly up to see his father who was a stranger (his parents have been removed ... now cue a great pause.) Now Brian said to mother and dog and he has flying to see his father. The test is a bad, ugly, ignorant person (not like that in the book) who after 2 minutes in heaven, has a heart trouble and death. In the book goes deeper and more experiments have more pain and it seems that they were in the air long before experiments of his heart injuries. The flight (within another two minutes) has gone empty on the oil (leaving us, the audience, assuming that he has been there for hours even though the sun has not changed and the environment looks very similar.) Now he has fallen walking. <br /> This is a step in a movie where everything is very different then it was in the book. In his book his jacket was decorated with shreds but in the movie it was quite well without tears or sauce (apparently like he bought it), he had never climbed a mountain, saw a wolf, and slept on top of the mountain, didn't say he was attacked by the bear (said moose but not to bear), it has never eaten a few bugs that make, do not explain a second hurricane or that he learned to find germs, bites, and catches or a trap of small fish that makes (which has been damaged by one of the hurricanes) or did not mention to harm his numbers from a tornado. 't even think you can call what was shown on the tornado. It was all the rain of the wind that dropped its several items. My favorite part of the camp was Brian's crippled cover (which has never been mentioned in the book) especially the Brian's cliché area, up to the window and seeing his father (with all his stuff many can get into his back truck to leave and shout "DAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDD !!!!" (however his father did not listen to him even though he was just right out) and blows his fist through the window (wtf?) <br /> The end is the only thing next to what happened in the book (I said almost.) In the book I think one of the most important things that the rescue attempt said Brian when he came "is a young child who has been looking for! They have left months ago." They still left the line on the film. There is an epilogue of horror with Brian (somehow without advice or therapy) to return to normal with his family. I think we should think that they were doing together for Thanksgiving (because they had a turkey on the counter.) Then it shows his home time (why, in the movie, it seemed like three days, but in the book it was for several months) and his hat, still in the tree where he left it (also did not appear in the book) to show where he built the message, to the fullest extent: "HOME" (where we should believe that he built that perfectly with that hat only?) <br /> <br /> No illustration what can look at this movie to the best then Enid from Ghost World said "this is so bad it has gone fine and come back to evil again." Full description of this movie. I cannot recommend it to someone (who has not read the book) and is just looking to watch the film and without me for someone who reads the book (because they will be frustrated with dying death. <br /> <br /> For those who are they have read the book, do what your thoughts are created as a movie. This is bad and will bring your attention to the book. <br /> <br /> 1/10
