Six at one price! So it's time to bonanza for Cinegoers. Isn't that right? Here is not one, not two but all SIX love stories, a star on bollywood stars, as well as all the stories in your top directors of Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You will be able to see all kinds of love stories that you have been enjoying or rather tolerated for years. So there is no great deal for you. What? You need anything more than this? No master, thank you. Why the master? Enough. Please give us. Sign all the top stars that can sign, if needed or not, so they end up making a circus of stars, believing or not. It is also live. Everything that is shown here is exactly how it is put in the romance book of romance. You should also justify the length given to each story, since everyone has a star. So, it's very long three hours together. Gags is a film. Anime is a film. Problems, Obstacles, conditions, resolution? Yes you did, again? tested and tested. Same hundreds of players dancing color in the background. Why do they have no other work to do? All couples are sugar-sweet, a variety of stories, a perfect picture. They are all looking good. Each story begins in a perfect way and should therefore end up in such a way impossible? Hao haphazard. You can't connect to one story. Here you have everything that you have already seen a million times. The most common, narrative, abnormal run of the most common appearance of more than one hundred years since this Indian movie. What embarrassment of today's audience? It would have been as effective as it would only pay taxes for the love of old stories but alas though that thing is not available. At least, Director Nikhil Advani should try one odd one, of love but then what will happen to traditional live up to the trademark of the bollwood brigade bollwood? Oh! Man has to go on, no. Think of one viewer of the hand they find it difficult to sit for one story of love and here we have six pain. I mean six stories of destruction. I mean twice the joy of Mohabbatein's Chora (In 2000) At this age and time, you find something real, boys. Now we have a desire to see some people are not very colorful and not a bright story Oh, you have said what now-coming, that's entertainment. My advice, please don't waste your time from now looking at these reviews. Go instead, have more entertainment! Thank you.
