Another great star has been sent, another interesting set, another well-known director, another flick filled with charging songs, but alas what is lost at the end is a story that everyone who loves the movie expects from the big picture of budget motion. What is so much that was around the movie before starting to have the red resource of the carpet. A hype that went to the point where Anil Kapoor thinks that movies will be one of the beautiful love stories made after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well, Anilji, what movie do you say? Well the cinema program is about 6 different couples and 12 different people, who have a general position of life, but despite their different ways towards life all have one common problem, it's LOVE. Well really interesting theme. But we did not expect a bit that the film would be as heavy as it would come down to the ultimate expectations of the audience will have a variety of films. These are kinda movies that I hate quite because after using a big buck for a multiplex ticket I am locked in the playground for just 4 hours waiting in the bitterness of the peak. Stress begins to start from the beginning. The director gets so confused with the plot that somewhere else even gets confident about how to share the deadline for six different stars. Some couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan- (Any woman is opposed to him) is not any reference to their existence in the movie. Salman (who calls himself rahul in a wonderful way to the whole movie .. as well as Rahoooooool) again as usual tries to be more cool and kinda Indian accent. Hey Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is getting married, at least going to get tip from Abhishek to improve your ability to act. A simple striptease is not recommended to make a movie office box beaten every time. And Anilji stops shaving your beard or looking at it as a watchman. And transporting the girl's age of your daughter looks like uncool as watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please Nikhilji avoid setting such superfluous scenes in a movie that is not quite suitable for shooting. <br /> <br /> Another great line in the movie was that there was no perfect interaction between the stories of the different couples. Each story itself looks like it is taken from different flicks, put together to form a plot of sadam of Salaam-E-Ishq. Sounds still need to learn a lot from the film like Snatch, Memento where the director knows the perfect art of moving different distinctions to create a perfect mixed story. Everywhere I looked before the release of the film The person predicted that the film does not do well because the film's header adds up to 28, and 28 is considered to be a bad number in Numerology. But I actively take up my stand by saying the movie will fail not coz of its Numerology defects, but because of several thousand flaws that continued in the movie. And when the director as Nikhil Advani can make serious mistakes in the whole story of the movie, any wonder can not save the movie from bombs in the Box Office. <br /> <br /> My opinion for you all people is, please avoid watching this film at any cost. It is not the value of the pie that you pay for the ticket. There are actually the best movies on theater screens that should look beyond Salaam-E-Ishq.
