Who are they "They" - actors? authors of the film? Certainly it cannot be viewers - this is one of the most powerful air-generated crops. What kind of movie was seen as it was very fun to shoot? TOO very happy, nobody gets a real real job, and that almost always makes for a film that is not worth watching. <br /> <br /> Golden gold mirror to hammer its character status as a sort of doppleganger of Bogdanovich planned; The events with the Stratten Girl enjoyable are sweet, but be shy, they have-look-me-dating ------ queen feel. Ben Gazzara its unusual games of cat-got-canary grin in an attempt to strengthen a small plot, which requires to follow Audrey Hepburn with all the narcoleptic interests in the sleep clinic. At the same time, the children of humanity (cognizance of preference: daughters of Bogdanovich) reduce the cute and take some of the arguments that cause justice on the 'love' when examining their parents. (Mrs Hepburn, drawing on his honor, can increase on the case - but he has a great difficulty playing himself, correctly.) Everyone seems to be good, but so what? It's a movie and we can expect that much, if you're looking for you would be better to pick up a Vogue copy. Oh - and it should be mentioned that Colleen Camp is very angry, even away from his singing, which, during the power, does not completely refuse ... the country and western numbers are completely eligible for voice levels. Surely this is not what Gershwin (who wrote the song that the head of the movie is being taken) was mindful; its 20-year songs can be small, but at least they were long on the charm. "All agreed" attempts to beat the beach with good intentions, but nobody among Peter Bogdanovich - has a good sense to wear the remains. <br /> <br /> Due to the little death of Dorothy Stratten, this movie has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich - even bought from its producers, then distributed it alone and went bankruptcy when he did not prove popular. Its increase and fall are among the most tender and sad news of Hollywood stories, so there is no joy in rejecting the film ... there is a real emotional investment in Mrs Stratten's events. But "Laughed" is a despair of "The Show Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What Up, Doc" - the following "Daisy Miller" and "Long Last Update", was a thunderstorm confirmation from which PB has not yet emerged. <br /> <br /> All in all, however, the movies will not have effects, just lose taxes. I want to look at the people who enjoy it, I will go to the garden on a sunny day. With the words of the fun and love film, I will capture Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
