Problems with Nikhil Advani of Salaam-e-Ishq are many. One concept of a line that looks good on the paper (which also worked in the original English film - Love True) may be very bad thanks to writing and anonymous. The concept of good intentions is facing smithereens under the weight of its gargantuan desires. The hit-off director of his first-hit film goes up with the tools that worked in his original film (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try to count the most frequently used device screens used on this flick. The problem is - it worked efficiently in Kal Ho Na Ho was a huge amount of Karan Johar's school-making film, but here, 'feeling' is not entirely given to its appearance on the screen - no, even with the soft. The author / director gives us 'six relationships with one common problem - love', but where is where, where, where is 'feeling'? Does 'love' without feeling? And one going on and continuing ... Well, it can't work! In my opinion, the basic requirement for the art of this art is that it should not only be a personal story to be 'completed', it should - somehow or another - follow the graphs of the traditional pattern of action (typing the big screen, Paradigm Syd Field). That's the reason why Salaam-e-Ishq did not work for me. There was no deep-seated story or a slow-sounding experience and one defect in the typical Indian movie. Also, collaboration between a particular story was seen to be humble and forced. It is not clear what Salman Khan does in the wedding of Ayesha Takia. If she had to be at the wedding venue for a good purchase, why not make a few plans and bring two other couples to the wedding? That would be good. But yes, some stories have many promises. For one, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to deal with a very real situation - the mid-life crisis, but its journey is a further line that you are wondering if it was really a matter. In addition, the problem of commitment in Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia's story is also true for life. Only if it is well designed. I felt that the most reliable stories in the mish-mash were told from a male perspective, which is good, but brings the emotional feelings of these stories because female characters - Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia especially - have all the depth of a tub of filled half. What? Didn't the movie think about the '12 different life'? Now actors. John Abraham still needs to learn to act, while Vidya Balan is honest and interesting as it was. Anil Kapoor gets a role that is written for her but sometimes despises her weight. Since he did not have the meat of the meat, Juhee Chawla uses his delightful smile and a natural acting style to cover it. Khanna Khanna is fine despite going on over the scenes. Ayesha Takia has nothing to do, but she reminds us that she is a girl who was amazed at her braille performance in Dor. Govinda tries to make a big mistake called Bhagam Bhag, and it is very successful. It brings me the most angry traffic of the film (which undoubtedly completes the application for high screens) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. This method is especially offensive because of them. But I must block them for their cooperation. They are regularly BAD all through the film. Priyanka may be the second queen of hamming - I will not buy a trick that her role (of 'girl style') was required to work on the top. Someone should tell him the difference between having a flamboyant because that character needs to be hamming. If you have seen Rakhi Sawant (who appears to be the inspiration of this role) in his interview with Big Bos Boss you will know what I am saying. I feel very strongly that if Nikhil Advani has taken Rakhi Sawant in this place instead of a big star like Priyanka, the story would have worked well. The pride of salman Khan is ..... well, the Indian Shannon Esra is not available more than Salman. <br /> <br /> To be good for the director, he can add a good film guide. I especially liked the use of gray as the top color in the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla as an example for their boring existence, and the red color into the story and the arrival of another woman. But will anyone who chooses to paint his house with different shades, causing gray? That is a licensed cinema license I could say. But when the film is approaching 4 hours, it is approaching as the director tries to give the audience an explanation of 'touch' to him in a permanent series of improper order. Maybe Nikhil Advani wants us to stay in the theater as long as possible with humans - get nahin, kal ho and ho.
