I am a great fan of Ludlum's work, and the Covert-one books, and I was often thinking how wonderful they will be made to be a film. Imagine my excitement, then, to learn that the movie was real! 'Factory Hades' to be the first in the series appeared the first place to start. <br /> <br /> From the beginning the film was desperate. Simple features from films such as Griffin's first meeting and Smith are quite different from the book, and it is very interesting. Several characters are beaten well, too. For Dorff's predecessors is a disgrace like Smith. Not a bad actor, a very bad choice because he is very soft, and can't show many things that are clear to John Smith. To make a name, reset it and even the exclusion of certain characters undermine this film. For example the removal of Victor Tremont and all the stories behind the virus, including the inclusion of VAXHAM makes the whole step for a relatively small film. Marty Zellerbach is a very large part of this book, and in the seat he takes it is very different from the back seat (not to mention that the character of the film does not have the same characteristics in the book) is another big mistake. Rachel Russel appears to be Randi Russel from the book. Not only does she think that the sister of Sophie Amsden (should be called Sophia Russel) but she is also required to work from CIA, NOT "Covert-one". That brings me to my last point, and I think one of the most important ones. COVERT-ONE does not exist at this time! Until the second book of the series is Covert-One planned by the president as a preventive step against the most biological terrorism. <br /> <br /> Be honest I could go all day. In short - if you like books and want to see good conditions, I'm afraid you will be disappointed. Even if the action of the action is quite moderate, especially because of the very degradation of damage and adverse effects. The story of the bumbled story and the red-like-shaft script is the last nails in the cheapest hats of this film.
