The concept of this horrible-of-TV movie is more complicated than words, but hey, it was at the end of the 1970s and literally all the horror form of horror were pretty damn profits, why not use the idea of ​​a world dog that had dogs? The "Dog Dog" program is easy to describe to fans of a kind of fear: just think of "Omen" and replace the newborn baby with the German Shepard pups puppy! Hardly, I don't give birth, so the movie is approaching! During the opening sequence, members of certain forms of devil worship buy the female dog only for being installed by Satan himself. You think that the Lord of Darkness has other things on His mind than hate the German Shepard and take the world one bad puppy at the time, but it seems not. Especially as Damien limited in "The Omen", one of the young is taken by family model and grow to be a beautiful and charismatic animal. But Lucky ?? that's the dog's name ?? it is a bad evil and prevents angry neighbors and school teachers in nosy ways to implement and implement. It also causes his bad behavior on the wife's family and children, but he cannot force the father (Richard Crenna) to hold his hand into the lawnmower because he is "chosen". The whole thing is so bad that when Crenna finally travels to Ecuador in search of old wall paintings and get advice from an old witch who speaks English. I think he learned that living in isolation and mountain life all his life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What is the matter with Helen", "Ruby") and actor guide Richard Crenna ("Wait until dark", "Evil") are struggling to create an uncomfortable and strange situation, but all is free. Events like the eyes of a beautiful puppy puts fire to a Spanish girl or dog dodging bullets without even moving to chase chuckles instead of fear, and even spooky music tunes can replace it. The "special" effects are interesting, especially near the end when the devil's dog will enter into a totally shade shadow on the wall. "The Devil's Dog" is a dumb movie, but it is very obvious to watch a lot of night with other friends and loads of alcohol. There are brief return to Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as a horrible queen and R.G. Armstrong ("Car", "Pack") as a bad land, vine and puppy farmer. And, yes, that sad daughter is one child who gets complaints of complaining about her ice cream in the "Precinct Attack 13".
