To give a combo killer of horrible text, terrible and horrible orders, is a shock like Kinjite: legitimate subjects are offensively bad or just hilariously bad. It is almost like a man ran a race to make a film of Cannon, very common. If as a glance at the cast list including characters like 'Pedophile of Lesbian,' 'Gentleman's deviant,' 'Porno Actress' was not enough, it's your only chance to see Charles Bronson's cops throw down the bed and grab a dildo - but don't worry, it's okay, if the offscreen blow makes it clear he has just put the information. After all, even if she is overprotective a bit of her Catholic daughter, she is a good Catholic cop who regularly brings the Catholic priest inside William O'Connell lunch and who believes the right of poetry - or at least to ensure that bad people The ultimate on the slammer with the prisoners of the horniest high security can offer to give them a taste of their own medicine. But then you find it by telling him "Look, I think you are a bit of a position." However, later when he had a bribe, he could blow up "I would like to push your ass, but I don't want to get my hands dirty," he has learned clearly where to draw a line: instead, just does he eat $ 25,000 to look and put his Cadillac fire. The tracking of the animal follows even to the head of the film: in spite of a poster with a Japanese girl not seen in a photography film, a direct example of Kinjite / banned film, as an English teacher Alex Hyde White tells a group of Japanese businessmen, are, talking about your intestinal movements in a respectable society. Bronson is not too old for this, as an anti-opening makes it very clear, he is too old for the love of Peggy Lipton's love, and he looks old enough to have adults. The best actor than the one who has had the brilliant when he got the right material, here he is given under a well-thought attitude than the quirks of skepticism to respond. When he does not extend the round of suspects accidentally leaving their death off the sides of the premises. Certainly not P.C. The brass, with a special delight to the Japanese - if it was not so bad that they buy US business, is worse, they climb twice on public transport! No ethnic minority may unassaulted, that is a black pimp or a hotel clerk hotel, there is no unrechecled copche, that is a boss who blows his fist on a table or a lover animal partner (Perry Lopez and its amazing color hair bad which is very popular deserves the screen to pay all its own). The twins plan separates - the Bronson accused of L.A. tries to take under Juan Hernandez's ass who is involved with lower girls and James businessman James Pax's obsessed businessman ?? take forever intervention, and then the most impossible way: after experiencing Bronson's daughter on the bus ("Some East touched the sanctuary to me!"), in the idea of ​​the right film of Pax poetry finds his own daughter taken by Hernandez. You half expect the author to hit his head around the screen and say, "Where is it like apples?" <br /> <br /> Somewhere under all laziness is a germ of a good idea even if it's too much made to be quite clear what this idea is true, but the implementation is clean. it takes from the R-rated 80s music video and the shade-shaped shade-to-up-and-blow-a-blow-a-blow-a-blow-a-blow-a-down-end that sees a small machine gun machine suddenly appears to be on counting The body. The end of Bronson's worst for cooperation with J. Lee Thompson ?? and sadly the last film of Thompson as a director - is a bad sign for two unsuitable players who never seem to be aware of the pictures they said yes.
