The legacy of Blood begins with the arrival of lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) for Dean's former owner Christopher Dean (John Carradine) who died, communicating with Mr. Dean's children, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) & his wife Laura (Merry) Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) and Leslie (Brooke Mills) and his wife Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake records a recipe that they are late to the Father's will after his death, the assets worth $ 136 million are split between the four of his children, if anyone should die then the money will be split the same between others & if all were dying to Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian) and beyond his name Frank (John Russell) would be in the pocket. In fact, it is not satisfied with a quarter of $ 136 million (which is still around $ 35 million back in 1971 which does not sound bad to me) someone decides that they want all of themselves and not long before decapitated heads are turning up in the fridge ... It is written, reproduced and directed by Roy Monson Blood Guarantee on two accounts. By introducing an alternative to this film and the most common header is the Blood of the Blood which is also the title of a horrible film directed by Andy Milliagn back in '78 which I have always wanted to see, both films are shared as both the same-time stories. when I looked at the cable TV guide for Blood Rights I was excited because he said it was a Milligan-even film that I mentioned as a director so when I actually sat watching and heard John Carradine's I & I then knew he wasn't a Milligan film I wanted see, my heart is trying. Then, of course, there is a simple but absolute uncertainty that the Blood of Blood is a total piece of skin which is very painful to look at. The Monson & Eric Norden script is slow, awesome and highly predictable. This characteristic is quite surprising in the way of anger, a servant servant who asks his sister (?) To make him, the wonderful trees of Brother and Sisters who are the same as uneven and so far away from the fact that any tension or mystery which a simple story of The guys can be successful is very missing & then there is a bad twist ending that you can guess within the first 10 minutes. It is boring look, it's offensive and it's just a chore to even think about it. Please, someone saves me if this is a very bad thing. I was able to go all the time about how bad Blood inheritance, I could. Monson's director was working with any existing budget or judging for this should not be leading even traffic. The entire film seems to be bad, not found in the picture with no atmosphere or awesome. Blood & gore is tame, there is a vein on the head, a head stirred, a place where a person is beaten to death and wasp & better killings when a man's face grows and piranha. However there are questions on this area, so there is a victim, right. There is a piranha tank, right. The head of the victims is placed in the piranha tank, right. Pirahna eat victims face, straight. The water remains in clear glass despite the victim having his face to eat, where is the blood? <br /> <br /> The Blood of the Blood is terrible, it seems to be bad, the voice was obviously beaten live & closed and hard to hear what a terrible conversation is perhaps a blessing in hiding. Acting does not win any prize that is real, little said about it is better. <br /> <br /> The Blood of the Blood is a bad film, no one direct thing or if I can't imagine it. Make yourself grace & don't bother with this, there is the best film out there.
