*** SPOILERS *** With the collection of family members and servants of late Christopher Dean, John Carradine, hearing his last will and agreement they find some surprises to be a fortune Dean, $ 140 million. Money is divided among them but only after succeeding a week in Dean's house. It seems to have been confused in the story when we know it is the day of the day, not the week's holidays, in the guest house to qualify for the Dean money since almost everyone has died in the sun. The first dean of the Dean Curse has nothing to do with earning money from Christopher Dean's departure, hosting local Dan Garcia, Rodolfo Acosta. Acosta has its head cut off the fridge and then served it on the plate for the hosted group. Later that evening cute Chin Greg and Laura, Jeff Morrow & Marry Anders, a little pet pooch seems to be lost out in the pond. <br /> <br /> The movie has all the people living in the house of Dean have picked up straight away until it is opened by the killer is true. So we have what appears to be two options in the story where the original killer is killed along with the last two visitors. The real killer concludes not only to get anything, 140 million dollars, but then end up without dividing by his assistant by making him, or by giving him a poisonous poison that kills him. br>> <br /> Nonsensical who did it, and haunted the house, the movie and the cast of odds and incompetence that even the mother, under the audience, will have problems with love. There is everything that you can think of the argument involving the chosen guests who include S&M religiousism and of course infecting twice and repeating even the counting. You were not able to take care of who of the guests who live by collecting the Dean's end at the end of a movie hoping for all hope and none of them does. Even the greatest surprise at the end is not 'really that great surprise since the identity of the killer is provided by the film manufacturer forgetting to keep his face in the shadows so you can see the real one he is before discovering himself! Then we have the problem of formulation that removes the killer as well as the number of the resident who remained just to make the film a little more complex then already. Moving to the last plot, which you can see from a distance of ten miles, was just to show how smart the killer obviously had corrupted almost no one watching the movie.
