I have been a fan of all things that Bill Maher for 15 years but this film was desperate and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I am a Catholic, from a family that has been educated and went to church with my own mind, which might put me to the end of Bill's few comments. The problem with Bill is that he thinks religion is the same negative. He is right to write social issues so one faith builds his holiday on another and that many wars have been established because of religion (or, more precisely, by human appeal to the ultimate and undeniable authority of God), but he said he never looked at his good side. In fact, I think that hell without freezing before Bill could humble himself and travel to Calcutta's home where Mama Theresa spent her life working with the poorest of the poor. He has now died of course, but he could easily visit Jesusit's relatives in East LA who runs the Homeboy Industries, which works with young people in general and prison groups and prison to teach them skills skills, to get their photographs removed, and to become responsible members. or can visit the USC Institute of Higher Catholic Studies, which has gathered some of the most powerful religious scholars, diplomats and investment investors to learn ways that can unite the poorest countries in the global capital markets and thus improve the live rate by half of the world's people who live less than $ 1 per day. Of course he could not do so because it would require him to mention the evidence that is impossible to conform to his belief before religion, and it is very easy to keep making a snide, high joke. It is similar to another big problem with Bill's movie, which is that he does not deal with anyone or at his level or who is better than he. In this film, you have a Cornell maher spending a lot of time talking to truck drivers on a Christian truck stop, a nightclub with a Dutch man who is pulling the pot all the time, along with the former church minister in Miami who claim. it is the regeneration of Christ, and with the actress playing Jesus in the "Landscape". Can't you see in Bill's film, more than high tolerance with Ph.D at Grand Central Center that religion converts the brain as a drug and that religion is a fiction of the traditions made by citizens, it's any kind of big interview. interview with philosopher and professor of theology from school as Notre Dame, BYU, or University of Wheaton, who could easily persuade the debate on the matter. You can't see any discussion of any text of C.S. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any encyclicals of papal, and of course you also will not find any discussion of any non-Abraham (Christian, Christianity, and Islam). All you get to the end of the day is an example of a self-dealer, a snobby player from the west of LA who makes a film of his own type and who is not fully aware of how half of the other half of the American chosen George W. Bush ( double) lives their life or about school thought behind it. I get a lot of Bill's words, but for someone with his mind and influence, this film was not less awesome. Anyone who is attracted to the type of intellectual refrigeration that the most common documents bring can be more excited to go back to Teletubbies.
