Elfriede Jelinek, not the family name yet, is the Nobel Prize winner for literature. His novel produced a film that won the second prize in Cannes with the highest award for men and women. What? I am a dinosaur in terms of aesthetic thanks or art has been so bad that anything is going? 'Gobble, gobble' is a beautiful representation of the performances in the UK shouting made by Turkey. In the world of Turkey film is a great flop as measured by the receipt office receipt or a reception reception. 'Gobble, gobble' and Master of Piano are perfect partners. The horror of this highly embedded film is not over. It starts very badly, as it was to convince the viewer. Loans prevent inappropriate scenes for more than 11 minutes. We are brought by Professor Erika Kohut, it seems to be a mix of strong leader, piano professor of stone. He lives with his mother husky and authority. The father is a madman who dies without seeing when it passes. What we see in the film (and can be read in the book, for all I know) is tawdry, exploitative, nonsensical story of pendulum emotions that swings here and there without going on. Erika, whose name is used below, is shown at the beginning as a man with a lot of music but otherwise he really stressed. Not at all, because there is a handbag handkerchief in two stages with that woman who had a gravelly advance on her end and apologized. If the auditor needs (yawn) to remove the leitmotif (why not use the word for an easy time as possible), Elli's radical change for Elrika will be. <br /> <br /> The little boy, Walter, learns to be a 'voltage' engineer, whatever it is, and playing hockey on the shortest hobby, is also a talented pianist. He meets Elrika on an old record in an elegant apartment in what might or may not be Paris. In the most artistic style, once you love with love and start 'cherchez of femme'. Repressed Erika likes hard sex pictures, briefly but with animations for a few seconds when she pulls the tissues taken from a garbage basket found in a private hut where she looks. Walter performs a brilliant inspection and agrees with fraud as a personal student with Erika, whose teaching style is known for solitude, enmity, despair and humiliation. Soon she announces her love and before long follows Erika into Women where they are concerned with severe panky and sexually transmitted sex. Erika keeps control of her love swain. He promises to send her a letter of instruction in a more interesting exchange. At the same time, they become jealous because of Walter's kindness to a nervous student who is actually having shits before a concert of a future festival, Erika fills a student's coat of glass and broken glass, causing sharp damage with the hands of stylish piano. The next big part (to pass on sex, etc.) has Walter turning on Erika's apartment with her mother. Erika wants to be disturbed, closed, kidnapped, etc.. The wise Walter, for now, was beaten by walking at night. <br /> <br /> At this point there is still about an hour to go. The viewer can only fear the worst. Erika looks down at Walter on a rink of skating where she does her hockey practice. They retire in the back room. Wally disappointed can not resist hands playing on his pants. The baby's 'baby' has recently been chased by the stomach contents. To hum. It has been altered but it has been retrieved, perhaps it wants to take revenge on the recent abuses, Walter returns to Erika's apartment. Can you guess what is happening now? Not too deep or hard. Yes, he becomes holy when Erika becomes a victim. One time she closes mother in her room and claps Erika, who is holding her in the face, having sex with her and passing her love advertising. <br /> <br /> Am I similar to this summary? Watch the film if you want, but I would like to advise you not to be. Anyone can see forever in sand grains if they have the correct feeling. I was able to clarify the effectiveness of humanitarian demonstrations made by this film if I wanted. But I 'don't like', because this is a cheap and bad film that attracts the original and doesn't say anything. I need to say that Erika who has been diagnosed with parents lovingly loves, in vain, looks at pornography, refuses it correctly when it looks, red and decreasing, under her nose, realizes that she does not like to hurt, blah, blah, blah. <br /> <br /> The world has, because he has not explained, defeated him. It seems to make a monster from a person who appeared to love very much - but we certainly all know that anyone can be a warrior of warfare, because it is his essential nature however he tries to tell himself and the world otherwise. At the end, if you have patience there, there is a small problem. Before going to the last place, where he is supposed to act as a hand-woven pupil-made student, Erika puts a knife in his wallet. For Walter? Yes, you're in front of me. He emerges in a life-threatening area with leaves. Definition of Roll. If this got the second prize in Cannes, how are the content?
