As with any type of film, there are good bandster movies and there are bad movies of gangster. If you ask me the name of a good gangster movie, I would like to have several choices. If you ask me the name of a small gangster movie, it is probably the first one in my mind is one that still has me in the form of depression about a week since I got the first and promising movie, the last time. The film is "Great", unrelated to the 1926 silent film of the same name. This is a very epic slow, which raises questions not on the story (it's more than easy to follow) but about why filmmakers chose to make this flimsy effort. <br /> <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007) ?? Two film's best group "Great" depends on real people and real events. The film refers to an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson) who started his crime sequence to steal food as a young man and then moved up to steal museums and houses as an adult. At the same time, the police led by a reviewer named Kenny (Jon Voight) to try a great effort and prove one of his mistakes and condemn him (or kill him). Perhaps because it is a film in the same category as "Goodfellas" amazing (1990) and the first two films of the "godfather", I expected very much from "Great." But that can be very easy on it. This would have been a bad film I have not seen the pre-precedent talent before the weight and weight in this eater and its enough time to scream. Let's start to hit the film by just looking at the style you have presented. For some reason, the director John Boorman and the film writer Seamus Deasy were selected to be a film for this black and white film when the style and its presentation are clear things that are full of color film. Now I have nothing against b / w pictures, even those made in modern times. "Schindler's list" (1993) was more than ninety percent published in black-and-white and is a jewel. "General", conducted only five years after the "Schindler List" is not. The movie also has a very big blow and the keys to the top lights that seem to be very influential and give them the best movie-like movie. The film workers were exposed to the style of the true document, as "Schindler's list" did, but they fail to make it seem like a document and at the same time, much like a picture of a normal motion. The exhibition in the film differs from the adoption of the poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight offered a good passion for their roles, but I often seemed to have even found a kind of run with a bad screenplay that were the quotes. The voice arrangement is also too small, perhaps in an attempt to appeal a 40-year-old criminal, but also failing because again, it has been made very much as a modern picture and seems to be too far away. But the worst thing that happens is that there is no one? One character in the film that I felt feeling or any comments. In fact, for every minute of every area, the only thoughts that passed my head was "right" so what is it? "The times in the best film can come as surprising or horrible are just dull and you spend time here. I had no pity or hatred for Brendan Gleeson because the way Cahill is written is flat and irrelevant. The strike and effect Martin Cahill actually made. If the character is killed (as in the bandster films), we have nothing. No shame, no forgiveness, no surprise, no. We just say "so what?" of this very high crime film.
