Some funny bits, but come Bill! Movies? Zaitgeist quotes? Keep Show TV and interviews, but the film? I probably despise but it is an unsupported film to stimulate ... I don't know. I laughed, I disagree, I agreed ... this film is very mixed and unacceptable. <br /> <br /> Bill is a good man ... but also a very cocky ... Rhetoric of Bill is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant actress. But as many comedians, the intermediate between comedy and preaching can be angry. I think the main problem in this film is its lack of understanding. This can be just a personal taste, but a comedy that always despises a person can not be considered as a fact. Bill is obviously emotionally emotional to religious grounds. I agree with Bill that religious incitement is not wise, but his answers can not be wise. It will bring unwanted trouble. We can do better than just respond to basically. The conclusion is that "we do not know" and tries to persuade the viewer that no one knows anything, since the agnostic community has been concerned with its lack of extensive research in the religion. His simplicity that he knows only that he does not, is contrary to him tries to insist that all religious ideas are non-minded. <br /> <br /> I had great difficulty seeing the pieces of Zeitgeist, a movie in the film Bill. All of the astrophysical-non-negative means that describe all religions that equally are just despair. The Zeitgeist has caused a lot of controversy and has led to the legitimacy of a lot of the value of religious religion. It is very sad that improper truth has been drawn near and no reliable sources of credibility. Poor sources of information that reduce everything to "stars say all" seems to be from the Old Testament. This film is a confused information from a confused "agnostic". Agnosticism is more complex and professional academic than advocating each issue as "we do not know". This film is clear evidence of how after the future has failed to strengthen and generate considerable human issues. Look at the film (has a hijacking interview with bits) but PLEASE does not act like Bill. You can't expect anyone to have mature conversations if you make a sardon view in every other line. Its resistance methods are humiliating and degrading, causing emotional impact instead of sensible and logical arguments. There is a need for a more mature way of dealing with these issues.
