It is written by a woman, and is dominated by another. Whoppie. What we are for a female trip or what. Put on your seat belts, women, because we are about to enter the world of men of goodwill and innocent women, goodwill. In this Trish soap comes with a person in an employment agency who lives, looks, and dressed like a pimp (!) And gives him a job and hope to put nail later. In his office even touches his chin through the heavy load of movies in the Bond movie would touch the girl just after catching him and just before he was ready to kill him with Bond. Sometimes someone who has a pimp / job hits Trish in the women's room, bothers himself, and even comes close to her. Oh, these evil, wicked people. ALL is bad, you don't know. You can't even watch the work these days without getting raped, right women? Well, we'll show 'em! In this film there is a certain type of women's left club or something, led by Janet Leigh who speaks to all women involved in the film when she says that "all men are s ** t". He influences how the terrible people are; he has been divorced five times. Now, seriously: any woman who marries twenty times and then uses that calculation as the argument that all "bad" must have found that finally the details can be false elsewhere, or? It should happen to him: a) he is a bad judge of the male character, or - more likely - b) SHE is the one who cannot live with - his former husbands were perhaps victims, or if they were really ** holes then he probably got what he deserves. (Isn't it Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor to prove this? Show me a beautiful woman who has been married many times and will show you the way to reach planet Mars using only skates and levels.) Finally Trish meets a computer leader who returns her faith to human - but hold your horse; This man returns to be married, thus indicating that the men are actually "bad". What? It is not, in fact, for a close-up vendor close to a corner who loves his wife even though he is still dead - indicating that all people are "bad" except for male adults whose penise does not work and 'can' not get "even so they are forced to leave the life of holisticism and ultimately give women the respect they deserve. Even all male characters are "bad"; the black man in the employment agency is good, and the man in the seat chair is out of the right - meaningless ( bastard, * sob * ... * sniffle * ??) And what is this Corny, corny ending? .. Minutes before the court time Trish leaves the claim of any money of her husband, knowing that it is now "free" and that can finally make it fly on the swimming pool ... ?? Is all that about what? Its entry into the pool is then - very predictably - frame-frozen as the credit starts to start, while life-me-don't have The need for revenge-do-my-husband-money music start kicking we are shocked to leave the financial claim, but they do not stay in shock for a long time and will soon begin to deal with what the Trish lawyer of the heart attack will receive when he hears about this. The shyster lawyer is usually a man. Bad man, bad, bad "bad man," whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these people; all who care for them are money; they don't know anything about high values ​​in life - like shopping. I'm glad we have movies like this; brings close sex, but most importantly, they teach girls and young women that men are horny, selfish, skirts-chasing bastards who will give them in the world of poverty and trouble the first place they get. So, girls, open your lips stick your language in your girl's lips. Lesbian powers!
