I have been working through Lugosi's recent film collection, and after being beaten several days ago with Lugosi's combination with Boris Karloff in "Black Cat" I was enjoying seeing their cooperation in "Raven." Alas, it didn't work for me, and at the end of the film I was desperate. <br /> <br /> For the first three quarters of this movie and so I thought the story had no real doubts. Lugosi was doing a good job of holding things together like Dr. Vollins, some kind of surgeon who loves a young woman (Irene Ware) gets after a car accident but can't see her - because she is already involved, and because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) don't accept it. To address the situation, he gives Edmond Bateman's help (Boris Karloff) - a wicked man who wants Vollins to make him look more. In addition to Lugosi's performance, however, I have seen little to have my interests. Then, suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the movie is approaching. Suddenly it is quite a celebration, but I thought Lugosi's performance declined, especially because the movie tried to evict him from madness to lies - and there is a difference. He plays the role of "madness" very well - controlled by control but evil. "Insane" is more than a control of evil, and I don't think Lugosi smoked it well. At the same time, it provides a laughter of evil that comes only as a fake. Meanwhile, Karloff was a great disappointment. He never grabbed. As an aside, it must be addressed on Lugosi that - in movies that make stars - Karloff gets a high bills, even though in "Raven" it is obvious Lugosi who is the leading actor. Certainly this gives a hint about how the world has set up their two awesome stars - of course, I would like to add, because I always thought of Lugosi as the best actor of both. In any event, there is no real relationship here with the story of Edgar Allen Poe "Raven" - except that the Vollins are a fanatic of Poe, who tries to retrieve some of the torture techniques from Poe stories. In general, the desire. 4/10.
