Tony Goldwyn is a good actor who obviously tries his hand to lead. "Moon Walk" seems to be borrowed from other films, better. The current story takes place at the end of the seventy years in the summer breaks for non-Woodstock class Jews. The screening of the screen by Pamela Gray does not have much to go through, so it's a puzzle why Mr. Goldwyn decided to deal with this film as his first attempt in the direction. The Kantrowitz family spends time in the resort. We see them coming into a small bungalow that will be their temporary home. Marty, the father, comes only at the end of the week; works in what appears to be a small business equipment to make television equipment, in particular. In a few days the first man will go into space, so the excitement is obvious. Kantrowitz women are left behind. Pearl, the wife of Marty and her mother-in-law, Lilian, spend the wrong days there until the "blouse trader" comes. Pearl goes to browse and finds more than shmatte; she gets a trader too. It seems that Pearl and Marty have no sex life even. After two children, Pearl, who appears to be sexy and high-minded, is ready for extra marital happiness. That is the basis of the film, which becomes opera's soap when the little girl, Alison, decides to play the hook and go to the nearby Woodstock Festival where, fear of fear, she is witnessing her mother doing with the blouse trader! What is a girl? Yes, continue to play a great finale when all parties are also interested in the bed of a young child while being kidnapped by a businessman coming to take home remedies, and the father is called from the city, after knowing about Pearl's betrayal and little. Poor Diane Lane, went to make a "unpredictable" future, which is the upscale version of this dud. Viggo Mortensen is a businessman who caters for his uncomfortable female whispering somethings in their ears! Liev Schreiber as Marty, a man with a pig, have not much to do. Anna Paquin plays Alison rebel and Tovah Feldshuh is a happy Nana, who would like to stay in the city watching her soap operation rather than witnessing the first hand that plays at her home! <br /> <br /> Watch is your risk, or pop DVD in telly when you have a fun meeting at home and you want to really laugh, or two want film.
