Recently, I had the opportunity to watch the publishing work in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.) Of this title. It is difficult for me, to be a lover of art like me, to give the following report, but, sometimes it is caused by the truth, and really after sitting in this way of ban (I use slang definition here - meaningless or to write) for an hour and a half, I feel an obligation to share (WARN) with interested parties. Let's start at the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes are not so bad, it laughs, and a good development, but then it comes from there. This is the story of the woman, in the middle of thirty years, that (as the author would like to believe) is not worthy of her life and was not filled. The first major difficulty occurs when you do not know that the truth is coming into the film, you will not know when he hurts suddenly to all, in my opinion, is very unkempt and impossible to be closed by the local businessman. There is little progress (significantly underdeveloped) to justify his actions for what he has, and when it happens, a person feels, as I did, that is a low moral character. The word "slut" comes to mind, in fact, will stop that passing the review and publishing comments. This, in my opinion, is the first offense of the film. If you are married or ever loved in love, regardless of whether you are a man or a woman, you are going to have it. In fact, I feel that it would have made it better "the blue movie" - that's the point of my opinion which the screen fits. The second horrible laughter is cast, Diane Lane did not work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not a good man of the job, I believe. The only grace to save the entire film is Anna Paquin, the depth of her ability as a good actor shines in places, presenting a trick but very unknown (I am apologizing to dichotomy but it is right) indicating a teenager coming up. Bravo, done well. I will not give you an end, but I was disappointed, that it was a piece of a romance piece of life is the same thing ... but at the end like that .... Well, if that hated you enough to see this picture, don't tell me not to warn you, but better look faster - This celluloid is released, I doubt that it goes four weeks before burst into the fire. I would like to say waiting for the video, but free sex education tapes in many video rental stores have a more entertaining value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman gave this, you think he could learn after Ishtar. This film once made the name of the work "Blouse Man" and should be left on the rack. If you have never been in your life want to walk on the film, do this 35-40 minutes, the only thing to stay is Anna Paquin, if you can trap the fact that you will get your mind coming or not eliminating garbage before leaving home, which you probably should sit in first if you're going to a movie to see this. That's my two cents, why it's worth.
