I remember when this came out many kids were nuts about it. I think I was too old to get all the excitement and I was a fan of real martial arts and always got this little. In the early 90s we were thrown by such plans to make children feel like they can fight to be a powerful healer or like these children in Ninjas 3. I think that finally parents and filmmakers have also got the disease because all we had really was the chaos of children around to beat and beat everyone. Many children 's movies are sure they are trying to do and it's good for your children to watch and get messages, this doesn't have any message ... you use only a million different things less than 90 minutes. Movie has no good reputation to see but could you expect? Acting is very bad. Victor Wong is a cool actor but it was embarrassing to see him here. White, fat, gimped eyed old fart as a powerful ninja which was just hilarious. More children did so many ways with the little ninja Tum Tum was probably the smallest minorities I saw. <br /> <br /> The movie has a plot which one knows before even reading the reading. Ninjas 3 ... you know they are fighting a gang of bad guys and winning ... I need to say more. Sorry if I have destroyed anyone. It's all about KIDS 's story. This film is aimed at children and children alone. If you don't care about your child watching movies about children fighting this is a good movie to stop seeing them. If you do not have a sense to allow your children to see the full garbage that is not associated with real martial art, real time or real time then you have found a movie for your children ... I tell children because I think even girls like that ... I remember all girls when they break into Rocky. <br /> <br /> 2 out of 10 stars because I think you can make a film for children and still make it enjoyable for adults. this is a failed video most time for it. It is more fun and nothing original or unique and did not allow my child to explore ... Kung Fu TV series is a DVD and there are tons of shaw Brothers film out there. .. Why not show your children things that will be very attractive to them and make them dumb on the way, maybe even teach them a point and not how to catch someone between the feet as the grandfather did on the Ninjas 3 ... no ... never catch someone The feet ... never .. so so unninja like.
