First, a brief summary. The author Torch is essentially trying to give the story of a zombie outbreak and finds the military and the government to stop him. Good news, government control and all that, but how they did that movie, then I would like to tell me. <br /> <br /> This movie is more than a description. The idea that a person honors more than anything and George Romero is fair enough for an auditor to be interested in a mental institution. The script is outraged by itself, as written by the sixth farmer. For special effects, I understand that independent films have a small budget, and some of the effects of appearance seem acceptable, but if you want a hot area, here is a blow: buy non-combustible materials , use the whole, and reach the fire! Do not add in and make it look like an explosion from Nintendo 64. Act, let's say so. In my program of the summer exhibition, reading for the cold to the script is, compared to this, the Godfather. I will not go into a variable. Get yourself. What was the most misleading, though, was when everything finished after being beaten and edged, someone might say, "Well, this looks good. Let's get rid of it." It throws down my spine even thinking about it, thinking someone felt that this was a good release of the DVD. This is not the quality of DVD. This is not the quality of Sci-Fi facility. Hell, this is not the quality of the school of film. If you would like to submit this to a project at a school of film, you would get F. No, even F, more than F-. I will not be surprised if he tried to evict you. I felt I was used after seeing this. Blockbuster and the creators of this film have my money right now, and I would like to think about what they are doing with it. I have been a pawn of a good deal, bold in theft of the law, and it is not good to think that I walked in it, looking at the back cover and a good memory of the Day 28 Later only to get the movie Ed Wood could look and say later, "I don't care too much for this. " This movie is one awesome movie that I have seen. I haven't seen anything with Ed Wood, but I have this belief is even worse. If you are looking for a great movie, even within ten feet probably will give you a headache. If not, I still recommend that you write a director and ask how he sleeps at night. However, if you are the kind of person who laughs and bad things then I will recommend you to look at this. Not eligible.
