... for 99 out of 100 times, the producers spoke through their teeth (or someone else) to give you a tax or purchase * * kindly. * The Shock-O-Rama Cinema proves the truth of this yet another time and the release of "Feeding Masses," a possible but unsuitable and inappropriate purpose in the zombie type. Traders, this is not just to make low-budget films, this is a low-budget filtering and a group of people who - I have compassion, I know the families they love - they will never be in a different kind. This is one of the mooa'aaaaaaaaaaaad 'pitcher, folks, and not just because it is cheaper. <br /> <br /> Acting is mediocre, but I don't blame the executives; they had no leadership. They had any direction because the script was a fantasy of half-baking and no sense of the real story of the cinema. Character is the best thin, thanks to the weak conversation and modern trends. Have I said yet that the script and direction are too lighter? They are. No drama, no tension, no time of good behavior, no. The whole premise of the pressing of the state media is the destruction of sophomoric "commercial resort" and an unusual story that reflects the wise analysis and the destruction of awkwardly to the finish with ignorance. Syd fields will not be appreciated. The government could overcome the reality of a zombie-infected epidemic when the reality would be obvious everywhere? Why would they give them more effort to try? On this day and old mobile phone cameras and wireless access, what can they hope to accomplish for more than a day or more? Now, if they were covering something, like their own crimes .... but “Feeding Masses” never sought that possibility. Instead, it rests on deviation and unplanned events by cutting and / or necessity, asking his audience not to recognize the total lack of the most productive value of the basic film material. Did anyone in this film be paid? I hope the executives did, if only for a while they were lost in blind work centers like this; at least techies split the work of legitimate work. <br /> <br /> Even the zombie fans will get a bit to get from "Feed Masses." Gore is very interesting for non-budget of its rank, and there are no pieces of different setings or memorable effects. All completely forgotten, really. KNB has nothing to fear. <br /> <br /> Even the junk as Aussie is born "Culture" was miles before "Masses feed." Sorry, boy, back to the drawing boards, and take your marketing fraud.
