I couldn't believe this terrible movie was actually made at all. With the worst actors who you can find, the worst script is written (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and for a long time to lose more time to watch. I will not tell this story really not worth. But I will clarify some of the exhibitions and definitely the story. For this story, it is very difficult to believe that a debtor of a filthy thing can do what he did. That actually a wife can not protect herself from a little bit of something. That the husband can find a very interesting situation. That a lawyer of defense can break down the court rule every time there was to do so after the judge ordered an empty blanket to be closed. And the final result of the film is insulting to rights, film numbers, and male forms. The theme of this confusion is to let the women do as they want, kill those who want, kill the killer and remove, while the boy is locked up in jail. It is hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, director and man, would like to make this happen. <br /> <br /> About the job: Jordan Ladd, killer, is bad. The pieces that were used, who need a needle at the experimental trial (is this allowed in court?) He healed me with a hilt. One more perspective on his eyes was to show his innocence and I would like to throw it. He even even attracts enough for anyone to stop his wife. Man, played on the same level with Vincent Spano, looks just to have a look and act more stupid time. He was so predictable in his performance falling into the traps set for all women around him. Worse was Holland Taylor as an Defense Attack. She worked in all the films and made the embarrassment of justice. If he crossed the cross I may at any time, I would like to tell him to go further. Everyone else in this films made his work as directed to do so. I would like to give this film a zero rate. However we have to start with 1. It's not bad. Let's not have bitter movies like this. Life can do well then this, I know. <br /> <br /> These are email posts: They made the mistake of turning this movie free of error. Once I saw the string Jordan Ladd I knew I would like to see it before and I didn't like it. Not only did we turn something but I had to add my anger to people like Sollace Mitchell who wrote the screenplay but also inspired this awesome flick. Does no one see that his message is that the disease pays. Being sick and going around people killed is the same as the director / author. Make quite a male form. Yes, this man tells you to go somewhere else. We are not all ignorant and we will speak to your so-called movie, which in the mind of this person deserves to be closed. <br /> <br /> And again this crawler is shown. Why ???? What? Can't read comments on this stupid and despicable film? What? We always have to see the Jordan Ladd bimbo again and again? Extract from the television, film and without seeing. He is just awesome in every word of the word. Phew !!!!
