This is a piece of dirt and dirt, which you undoubtedly want to be on Friday 13th (1980). The picture of this movie makes it look like there is a kind of cross between Jason and Freddy, which is possible to attract the film audience. There is nothing good or entertaining about this movie about this movie. It just makes me sad, I just think that some people will fall on Sleepaway Camp II: Campers' travelers (1988) on a video or DVD, and waste their time with this sad, exciting, oppressive movie. Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a campaign adviser at Camp Rolling Hills, who expects that other voters are as good as she is, and that they have no trouble. At the same time, other voters are aware that people are getting lost, and Angela is making excuses that he should take them home. Would Angela be a murderer, who once was a man, who made an operation to change sex years earlier? Who knows? Who cares? The 1980s were the home of many movies that made a cross between the Mad Slasher and Young Slaves, where the shadow killer goes to berserk. Some have conspiracy, others do not, but all about it as bad as this. Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy businessmen are 80 minutes of youth being brought and then beaten, decorated, executed, raped, alive, and destroyed. That's all this movie is. It's just without mind, violence of blood. Watching this film, I remembered Friday's 13 movies, where the message to its audience is that the basic task of young people will deserve to die. Sleepaway Camp II film workers have the right to respond to their own shame. Imagine the message of patients who this film gives to its young audience: "The world is their worst place," this film tells you, "and it will kill you. It doesn't matter what your dreams or your hopes are. It doesn't matter what you think, what you do or what your future plans are. You can forget those plans, because you just go to the dead wind. "And the worst thing - and for exhausting too far - the movie just places a room for someone else. Well, why? They probably have already taken a bucket on the cesspool by making three or four movies of these. I missed the original Sleepaway camp (1983), and after looking at its first line, I would go away from other sequels, such as the original. And for parents, if you know children who are really like this film, don't let them have your children.
