So Angela has grown up to get treatment and operation to turn her into a real life, rather than a baby who was born, and now she works as a wait - a camp counselor! It's okay, right? I know, I love it. However, the first layer of the Sleepaway Camp franchise obeys all of the sequels of horrible - more bloodshed, more assassination (which is not thinking, but still more than natural), more dirt, more elaborate, and generally worse than the original. It is the entertainment in the same way it was, for the characters and textile clothes are so goofy and in fact it's 80 which you can't help to find a good laugh. At one time, someone asks Angela out, and says "I'll call you," and then goes quickly. The boy tells himself, "Will he call me? I have no phone!" and then he claps his hands, wondering what is tough (it's hair, dude!). It is a known fact that in 80 films of the slasher, young people were killed more often than not being punished by their killer for some kind of bad behavior, usually by being too evil. When I started to get into the awesome movies and see Friday the 13th movie for the first time in the mid 90s, I didn't know this. I studied in a film one year or two later and was surprised that they were somehow spiritual. I was so surprised, not only that movies had gone through some sort of message, though it was one of the crops, but that there was some ideas put in it. But not in this film! When one Angela pre-killed one of her victims, she says "Let this be a lesson for you. Say drugs!" Write the actual screens on there, people. Then again, the discussion is more enjoyable in the film. Angela (who, by the way, went through all the ways of treatments and these problems with all the problems of cleaning the old and making herself as an ordinary and developed person and then changed her name from Angela to, umm, Angela), says one time, " I don't like to be a western witch, but I know what happens when things lose control. " (People begin to be killed ... and me! HA!) Then later, he claims that one of the consultants, Mare, make a pardon, which the girl replies, "I would die!" Sorry, Mare, but went into one ... two years ago I was a camp counselor at the sleepaway camp similar to that shown on this film (except the camp I taught at the time had more than three children for 15 or 20 consultants and also had rules, which one in the movie is not recommended). This has caused me to miss many of the differences in the movie from the life of the camp. It's okay though, you can't make a film like this with many older adults around, although there were 10 or 11-year-olds who were killed in this film. I haven't seen that kind of stuff before. <br /> <br /> Definitely bad taste, even with cheesy 80s slasher movie ....
