I came up on this thing on a Sunday rain, the intention of getting into something else. From curiosity, I got a comment here, and I saw myself looking at the end. I did not do this with a mind - this was one of those movies where you were "fascinated," and looked at for "a few minutes," until finally you would look at the end. And his accusations in many of these views have made it more interesting to see. One view where one loved so much seems to be just due to the love of Ladd and Spano, and their original roles. But great not anywhere found anywhere here - stories, presentations, and especially this wonderful court room. We all know that Perry Mason (before Raymond Burr adopt 300-lb score), and Ben Matlock, have been given a small space in the cavorting around the court room, rather than locking it with a button. And Matlock is given an opportunity to enter regularly by just going through the excitement and showing them, before the judge and the prosecutor are even informed, or displayed. No real life judge or prosecutor could stand for this. All Perry and Ben almost always finished the case by deleting the authenticity of the real killer. In fact Perry often did that, but often Matlock would only give a good witness to the right, he calls it "a wise course," and then let it go to the fighters and prosecutors continue with the criminal party - sometimes on the camera, sometimes thought of The end of the show. But that said, the histrionics of Holland Taylor and the amount of leeway gave him, in the court section of this story, made the works of Matlock / Mason more similar to the slower, often more interesting information as seen on the TV and court courtesy. real life. Every character in this presentation was uncomfortable, worried, worried, scary, impossible - or a combination of two or more of these. <br /> <br /> The last was the most prohibited, incredible, even the silly decision possible - but again, interesting because of this. Ladd and Spano are attractive people, and.m. The movies will appear to them better - perhaps the best in leading 2 (maybe better if "3rd-") roles, even in this area. Taylor could be thrown as a aunt or mother of one of them. Give this star 1 for stories / displays, and 3 extra for a fixed reason.
