Pre-predecessors are not in any way a great movie. It had huge holes of the plot and very little in the way of internal logic. However, it was entertainment, it has done much better than B-many low-budget movies, and can be surprising. Unfortunately, Drums II is not one of these. Trying to play with a lot of similar sets of flop sets. The program is narrow enough to see and text is stupid. It seems that people behind this film felt that bringing the first faces of the first movie would be enough, and he had no trouble with anything else. Former B-grade B viewers, like Tim Thomerson and Jeffery Combs, were able to draw this film from the muck. <br /> <br /> Short-term information: Jack Deth (Thomerson) is a cop from later sent in 1985 to rescue the ancestors of his government members. Trancers II takes place six years after the first Players. Jack Deth was married to Lena (Helen Hunt), a woman who met on the first movie, and both lived with Hap Ashby, that Deth was brought to the past to protect. It is found that the Whistler brothers (a bad person from the first movie) have gone back in time to create a Players' army, the people turned into a zombies of intelligence, killing Ashby. Coping with Jack's role is the fact that his first wife, who died long before Jack was walking past, was also relieved of leaving Whistler's brother, and now Jack finds himself working with him. <br /> <br /> I have two real problems with this movie. One is that the way to create players in this film is very different from the techniques used in the first movie. What makes it painful is that, in the worst case of the Soviet Reform, they do as they always were. Another thing that you hear is that the love triangle between Deth, Lena, and Alice Stilwell (the first wife of Jack) is given a very short time of screen. This was caused mainly because it was more interesting than the real plot of the movie. It felt like it was just something thrown in to fill the space in the movie. Alice's character is not so much seen by the fact that she is reunited with her husband just getting back, and making her very small or unwritten. The only reason I can think of watching this film is if you are interested in viewing the entire series of Trancers (currently you have a total of six movies). Otherwise, even if you are a fan of original traders, get away from this sharp line.
