These Christmas women and the clever mother and Della (Kim Basinger) find other threats from her husband who is concerned with the scar. Leaving his twins in the bed keeps up to night for one of the final purchases in local stores. Working there and getting parking is almost impossible, Della takes courage for a single driver who climbs in two areas, leaving the details saying. Going back to his car after visiting an out-of-the-way shop, Yup's car owners leave them, they are very angry and want to enjoy him, security measures to help him, but things get from hand and guards are shot, Della comes with the ads now to kill the fire, they shoot him, he stops control of the car and his attack, quickly carrying his tool box from the trunk, hiding on a non-constructed site, but recently caught, before trying to have sex and kill him, from on his magical tablet gives a wrench, moving their leader "Chuckie", he can escape from the nearby forests, in one group of the group being killed, just being a black man. with the mouse. The same line of plot on the Edene Lake draws me to this, but that's where the comparison has ended. This is a non-minded and dubious film, surprising and horrible and all involved, children of Disney-esquire's twin efforts are awesome to watch, but her Lukas Haas like Chuckie, who must have a reputation for a bad acting department though he is given to run by his own money and the same husband. If the line of his plot plot is telegraphed completely the way, even in the early introduction on the phone's Della phone goes dead and then in his card credit card has been canceled by his hubby and has no money with his Christmas Eve, now where they can go and this I wonder? The most amazing part of this $ is the time after killing all the evil and the contents of their magic box, says Chuckie for f @ ck, if my jaw was not ready on the floor in these films, it would certainly have dropped and burst. on the floor. even the latter is destroyed, all the female grannies wishing to pound their body is left completely disappointed. I don't think I could be more disappointed, but I saw that Guillermo del Toro gave this dreck this
