Since 70 years, the author / producer / director Charles Band has been responsible for hundreds of false science, fantasy and fear of movies B. Some of them are a wonderful example of how to spend a small budget for great impact; most of them are very bad. Trancers (1985) was one of these few titles. The way of the Terminator's journey of time and travel, the players saw Tim Thomerson playing Jack Deth, the future officer was given the task of tracking down the evil Whistler, who goes in the past and staying in The grandfather's body. Whistler has the ability to control other people with his intellectual powers, turning them into a zombies of obedience ('the makers' of the title), and trying to change history by killing the ancestors of future leaders. Jack follows after 1985, he decided to stop him. In 1991, Jack still lives in 1985. After destroying Whistler, sitting and married Leena (Helen Hunt), a young woman who helped him succeed in the first movie. But, for Jack, things are not static for a long time, and the problem appears in the form of the Whistler, E.D. Wardo, who tries to build a strong army. <br /> <br /> Operators II have no charm and simplicity of nature and are a great desire to consider how good it was originally. Stories are difficult to take if you have not seen the first film (or at least not long), and there are loads of irrelevant measures and few poor effects. The lack of innovation is a witch who made the players very happy; instead we find some liners and script which feels like written on-fly. The only reason I can give you by suggesting this film to fans of such kind is cast, which has many names that will be common for the sci-fi and awesome movie trailers: Jeffrey Combs, Barbara Crampton , Richard Lynch, Martine Beswicke. Unfortunately, many of them seemed to have 'off' when imitation Trancers II, and the exhibition is a better mediocre. <br /> <br /> Series Trancers has clear its fans; Four more sequels since being churned out. Unless the quality has taken the speed of jumping up, I can't imagine that it's good.
