I think we all begin to comment a lot and, "This may be a great film." A former con-con has provided recently, a rural urban home is its goal. Revenge, punishment, destruction. Normal Marty is installed on the Karo syrup. But unfortunately somewhere in the top of the world increased contract came: everyone ham it up. Nolte speaks only with raised fingers, Lange stimulates his way through smoking, Lewis "Ohmagod's!" his way though his performances, and Bobby D ... well, he is on any other carpet of magic. To affect a certain type of Cajun / Huckleberry Hound at a hybrid speed, he closes the cigarette smoke and cackles in random enemies such as "Child Problem". And I want you to think of the accent mentioned above. Now imagine that when you are shouting religiously to hurt the brain on a high level as he swallowed six bibles, and you have schtick of De Niro here. However, another surprising thing is its use of "De Niro face" very much. Sculptor's eye, brilliant face, lips beaten. Crimany, Bob, appeared as a Plastic Man. This story began starting from 14 years earlier, when Nolte could not save De Niro's time in a big house for various assaults. After being released, she feels that Nolte has been corrupted again and then lets her and her family. And we have to give De Niro's attitude a little bit because Nolte prevented information that could be reduced his judgment. De Niro is one of these criminals who, despite being guilty of incompetent acts, feels that his lack of independence says to continue with such acts outside. Mmm-kay. He / she goes back to Notle's wife's closest (in the area where some may want to stop), his wife, his daughter, a family dog, to know. Which is one of the limitations of the screenplay of Wesley Strick: predict completely. If every De Niro abuse becomes more difficult, you can call a number of steps before it happens. Strick should not be completely eradicated, since he can make short-term negotiations based on negotiations (De Niro and Lewis' s exchangey seedy in the non-film theater is the best part of the film), but usually it's all that was stolen. Scorsese's photographs come out as compulsory, not to mention the old work of Bernard Hermann's long-term (I continued to wait for the Holiness of the Wolf to show the generated tarantula). on the comedic part of the flick. Facing anxiety, that's it. Do you know those events where something big happens quietly, but you can't help but stop others? You will do here. Nolte and Lange squawking about the lack of trust, De Niro's sex image, cross-string, and kitchen insertion on a certain substance that appears to be reliable. And Bob's infernal, incessant, CONSTANT, mind-destroying, end-front-front barhard horn of "philosophy" all he saw in prison. I wanted to be killed more than to save this angry family. I hate always borrowing ideas from other consultants, but here it is important. This really * is the Scorsese version of Freddy Krueger. The way De Niro returns, speaks, stalks, facing pain, under its one liner, is Freddy's harvest. After being beaten with a pot of cast water: "Are you trying to give a sumpin fire?" Please. And that's just one example. <br /> <br /> Unless you were a fan of a flick of 1962 nature and you want to enjoy seeing Balsam, Peck, and Mitchum nearly 30 years later (or want a film with an experienced headline), avoiding a trip to Cape.
