First of all, Kim Basinger really? Your rich banker leaves you alone in your best, most likely to be paid for money in the house, and you can't even wear a decent shirt? I am a woman, and yes, I'll come out to say - clean up something, starting with your hair. And when you borrow, it's Christmas. Buy your children some gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to the supermarket, drive your car 3 miles and right on it all to walk in, and just buy a cover sheet. Also, the next time you decide to leave someone with good information, do not register your name. I refuse to hear Della. Obviously, thanks to the fact that Kim Basinger is a prestigious producer of the luxury, he wants to feel bad for a poor white woman. We get. Alec Baldwin is a jerk, but with a great weight, do not show a horrible film after your own life. Also, you're inside your 50s. Certainly not having twins 8 years. And who are they? Terry and Tammy. The way to allow your children to grow up with any good opportunity to respect themselves. It is also very good to hear the characters in the film that always call him good or name him as "girl" ... for obviously Mrs. Basinger had some say about what is going on in the script. It is also amazing how no criminals can fight. Apparently, Della's magical ninja skills cannot beat. His driving skills are also very good. This film is a cliché, hurting. Wahhhh! They said your name was wrong in a cup of tea. Or your husband put a hole in the wall but all you can imagine is buying a nail police when you're in the mall instead of maybe plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to secondary school and bought the teddy you were looking for. Boohooo! The fact that he refuses to leave the shirt of the hat while passing through the trees and screaming and breaking everything in his way proves my point - this woman is moron. Who thinks to grab the box out of the car, but it's not a purse, full of recognition of artifacts such as your ADDRESS. I have never wanted "bad people" to succeed as I have developed this film. And did anyone else find the shirt of "South Africa" ​​a black man had sports? Oh, rewind and cheer your eyes probably most likely to racially in the film yet. Don't waste the hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, do what Della could not know how to do ... take care of your children, and maybe you cut your hair. This powerful ballad at the end though it was very good. Singing "I'll be at home for Christmas" in the rain when your blood arm closes so much for your cover sheet is over emotion as it gets. Thanks Della!
