"Look, I know this can be absorbing right now, but the pain is temporary, the film is forever. What you are doing right now is burned in celluloid at all times and for thousands of years to come." ?? Robert De Niro <br /> <br /> This was the first film for Steven Spielberg, the director employing several publishers to fix the screenplay so that it fits most of its themes. And so we have a unemployed family that is threatened by a desperate monster in the recently released prison in Robert De Niro. As "Jurassic Park", "Poltergeist" and "World War", non-working family members to defeat the animal, the animal created by the father, a lawyer who failed to protect De Niro during his experiments. In the normal style of Spielberg, the father kills a monster that weakens the family and then once the sins of his sin. As Oscar Schindler, Robin Williams, Sam Niel, Tom Cruise and almost every "father" in the Spielberg country, the father repeats his father's bond for the kind of coda that the Spielberg enjoys. But Spielberg finally left the image and the project turned to Martin Scorsese, who was then trying to try his hand at a more commercial price. The result is the worst film in the Scorsese film, and, surprisingly, shines more. The failures of the artist or evil are often elaborated, reflecting their inner works of art. When the story does not work, the characters do not link or images should not, we find ourselves in a local type. This? The remaining carcass - what the director of the director refers to. Now "Kaba case" is a non-private film, so we can't find any movie films with all Scorsese films ("You've already offered me!" De Niro begs, but the film's film Catholic liberation is the cutter of the cookie). What the film makes, though, shows the kind of language that its film shows. See how Scorsese cameras hit and come back, how they run on windows and windows in an attempt to force the tension and how all its characters shout and scream. But most importantly, see how the film is not suitable for the atmosphere. The appearance of the boat at the end of the film takes place with a definite voice, the street art is claustrophobic and it takes place in a more serious situation and the family house does not seem to be anywhere. There is simply no geographical meaning for anything in the picture, Scorsese cannot replace the film or create any environment settings. <br /> <br /> The reason for this is that Scorsese campaign always should be tied, or very closely, to its main character. For the world around the character it means, its camera should focus on behavior. Resnais can take you closer to the French Hotel, Welles and Hitchcock can play you on the road and build a building, Cameron can give you a Titanic tour, Scott can restore the entire city's future, Lucas can give you an alien planet, and many other directors can create The space for the text book "close combinations of the middle of the shot", but Scorsese can not do it. There is no poetry, no sense of space in its films. He is about the character. It breaks the ring, comes out of the boxing box, that cab cab, you're looking away from De Niro, and everything falls. He can not just leave this way of writing, which, by the way, is a prerequisite for making film decisions. Scorsese attempted to fix this problem with "Gangs of New York", where space and sets have become the main character, but even this humanitarian attempt is distorted by the magnetism of Daniel Day Lewis, the camera actor \ t Scorsese is not available to him as a moth for a tap. ?? Even if B's ​​generic, this is a bad, malicious film. See matte painting, enough experiments in tension, special damage to privacy and hokey fistfight showdown. However, we have Robert De Niro to take a slack. De Niro, who offers his body on Scorsese as Christ photographed, gives the film the only big event. In a romantic series proposed by young people Juliette Lewis, she puts her finger and kisses her. The type of typical rape, the girl runs away, both raised and oppressed by this person's interests. <br /> <br /> But De Niro's performance, very interesting, is not dependent on Scorsese. You would like a voice of work and pictures of a baroque man like De Palma to do this work. But Scorsese? Nope. <br /> <br /> Likes to watch one.
