I certainly do not want to compare Cape Cape Scorsese to Cape Fear for the first Cape2 of the 1962 Czech film, but I can't help. Not just a big fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck who caused Cape Fear, but while Scorsese includes scenes outside of the original film (Cady take out the keys out of fire, dog die) and even using Bernard Herrmann's film in the entire film, he doesn't see many opportunities to do compare if I can't help but think about the fear of Cape's Head around each area. Comparing the Scorsese edition of Cape Fear for the classic version, remake comes out of the classic; but even when taking the film itself, it's still bad. Now Scorsese and screens screens Wesley Strick did not just fix the area of ​​fear of the 1962 Kabel area, they tried to do different things. Unfortunately this is one of the problems of the film. Gone is an old mad and animal like Max Cady who is out of revenge, Max Cady in the 1991 edition is a religious fan of "saving" Sam Bowden and who is communicating with his female side (his words, not mine) . Also standing with power Sam Bowden to appear in Kabai's Kabai film, Sam found in the reference to 1991 is a very goofy, Magoo, disbelieving, and cannot be seen. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different character - she's crazier than Max Cady is! The general story has also been changed around - Sam has not witnessed against Cady in court to imprison him as in the classic version, Sam is now a former Cady lawyer who is concerned about Cady's doing all he can to evict him and is out of "save him". The overall story has been changed, and I don't live much against it, but the general script is also weak everywhere. Other stadiums that are not only in a mixture are not limited to large images, are also registered properly. The film also includes a few non-fiction scenes and is filled with irrelevant and ignorant lines that you cannot take less. These factors are a source of harmful and exciting nature that the film is required, but also has support in this department. Now the classic edition of Cape Fear was done in a wonderful way with good lighting and effective effective fraud and unspeakable brutality that occurred when the film called it a sense of danger in its entirety. However, Scorsese can not do any of this in Cape Fear, and provide a cookie-cutter film in the early 1990s to watch, no sense of danger, no suspenseful scenes, and a little style (unless you count the burning flame and style skyline). Well, there is a brutal abuse and effort put in order to make this Cape more fearsome than natural, but it is almost empty and all surprising but no fear. If all was not enough, acting is not great either. Robert De Niro (somehow chosen for the College Award for his performance) begins as far as Max Cady, but continues to get weak until he gets something but laughs rather than scary at the end of the film. Another thing that happens to Jessica Lange and her performance is Mrs. Bowden, from the confusion of many films to give the manifestation of fear and despair towards the end. As Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte stays the same in the whole film: beige. Juliette Lewis (who also described in the Academy Award of the Academy Awards) is very useful in her position as Danielle Bowden, but is called to play with a real stupid character and very difficult as we see on the screen from her. This video seems to be often counted as one of the few good remakes, and I don't know what. I wanted to love it; I did the truth - I mean, if there is a remake of Cape Fear I would like it as well - but I just can't. It has nothing better to be attacked and comparable to the inevitable Cape of panic, I've found Cape Scorsese of Cape Fear that the film is really bad. The best things on the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their roles to help - go to the statistics.
