When the First Blood had time to lose, it was at least exciting in part. In Rambo: The first Blood, Part II is strongly modified in the act of comic book. Ability is completely rejected; the root of the logic of the logic; Stallone becomes very rare that there is no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Just like anyone dealing with the fullness of the time (e.g. The American Invasion, From, Red Colors), Rambo: First Blood, Part II removes its excited excitement for presenting the hero also cannot be afraid. If you can say from a word to Rambo that will search hundreds of enemy soldiers, what is left to get excited about? <br /> <br /> Closed after the events of the first movie, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone) is exempted if he joins the cover operation in the Far East. In 1985, the message is planned to find out if any US PoW is still closed in Vietnam's forests. Rambo is encouraged to work with his former counselor Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but that work is actually the mental faculty of the government led by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo's work is just going to the head of the prison on the jungle and check if it has any PoW of America? if unsuitable, he will agree with the chopper; if it does, he gets the proof of his existence so that they can be saved in the future. Helping him in his quest is a woman with a local education, Co Bao (Julia Nickson) good and wise. In fact, Rambo knows that there are PoWs camp, but it exceeds his orders to save one of them? when he reached that point, the rescue activist dismissed him by the rules of Murdock who, apparently, did not want to get any PoWs because of political and military results. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after the escape to burst sets free of PoWs and revenge for the wicked Murdock. > filamu filamu ya ya ya hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut More of these great pickings, the film is a failure. The actors are reduced by voting in the eyes, the plot of the false ring, the sequence of the steps is the shape and the issue of failure, the conversation is amazing? even violence is changed. During the release of the United States it was under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, a man with a strong anti-communist and easy-to-face. For this reason, modern viewers shot this Commie-bashing-fest as a much larger movie of all time, changing it to the success of an inappropriate box office. The amazing time has changed? Nowadays we can look at it as an easy step to consider and count on the body, politics of silence, and the hero of cunning.
