I don't see many reasons to get into this film more deeply. Sylvester Stallone has once again John Rambo, writer and advocate of "Hell Season", hired from jail with his friend alone, Director Richard Crenna, a secret return to Vietnam, taking a picture of US prisoners who believe that they have still been held in the camp, and return without sharing with enemy enemy What if he actually did nothing more than intervention, take pics, and sneak out? Who would come to see movies? It is basically a Stallone muscle ceremony. To prepare for his mission, we see his fat-rich muscles. (They are oiled and bulging around.) There is a ritual covering on black skin, rough guns, and even uglier knives. Black guns are cleaned, collected by many strokes, and almost as fat as Stallone's muscles. The bow is tested and, yes, you have enough money to drive the bolt through the enemy's forehead. The knife is enhanced by the given snicks. Stallone and one of his POWs are beaten with one or two suits from Washington, stupid politicians who can ring, they have never even fought a grammar school. No guts, you know? Just sit next to their feet on the desk and drink foreign beer. The movie makes what is done to do, but what is done to do it is emotional. It deliberately likes the most common story in the mid-1980s that the MIA population was not very largely stored in poor and Vietnamese camps. Pipe buttons were dirty. (Free our MIAs.) Why do they put them? It has never been completely judged but perhaps to turn POWs into force of servers - in a country that does not have any resources except work. Or perhaps the value of their propaganda as a tool of the United States - the weapon of the propaganda that Vietnamese has confiscated from the world. <br /> <br /> As hostage, Rambo is treated in the middle and North Vietnamese. He was hit on his neck in a pig pig and then put it out with his hands, his muscles are still displayed. Then, not with human Vietnamese content, the Russian officer is brought to play part of the Gestapo officer - "Vee haff vays to make you remember." A high-tech type, Russian uses psychology and electricity, not just a pig to fly. Rambo returns and announces that he hopes to eliminate irrespectively until "this country loves us as we love it," raising another story that Vets return from Vietnam were uniformly spat on and cursed, why I think we have selected many Congress and nominated others for high-echelon position. The last three candidates for losing the presidency were among the disgruntled group. At least the Rambo's left room that did not open the opening for a certain series, which reached a private space. The actors and Schwarzenegger and Willis and others were contaminated by ambition but Rambo is humorless. It goes dully through the mysterious rain of heaven, killing without mercy, to say, it is not worth speaking. Talking is a sign of weakness.
