Rightly, it should never be "First Part of First Blood". The original "First Blood" document was by John Rambo suicide at the end of the film, but this was altered to allow him to live, not because the producers liked to make arrangements but because the test participants found the end of the finish. However, the man obviously thought that such behavior was very good to disappear, because he lived as a two-year-old hero in the eight years, as well as the fourth phase released recently. The official name of this film was "Rambo: The First Part of the First Blood", but is known as "Rambo". It starts with the head of the prison, where it is possible to flee from the crimes he committed in the "First Blood", although this is not very clear. He has been released from prison by his former commanding officer, Colonel Trautman, for a secret message. Rambo is returning to Vietnam to investigate reports that the US POWs are still closed by the Communist regime. He is under very intense instructions to try to save any prisoners or collaborate with the enemy; it is just being a search for truth. What Rambo does not know is that he is introduced, not by Trautman, who is portrayed as a hero, respectful and impartial, but with a message organizer, a military officer named Murdock. Murdock hopes that the mission will prove that there are no US prisoners in Vietnam, because it will improve relations between US and Vietnamese governments, because it will make life easier. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo finds that it is not just that Americans are still imprisoned, they are also preserved in hellini conditions. Of course, he is very brave to leave them to their destiny, and he tries to save them. All parts of the film are more or less a long battle between Rambo and a few partners (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and a bad commie soldier and their Russian allies. Many of the wrong text, of course, ended up dying, though I was shocked to learn from your part of the "trivia" that the total death death was down as 67. Sometimes it seemed like Rambo was trying to wipe out all the Vietnamese Army. The sound of this film is very different from the first. In the "First Blood" Rambo was undoubtedly a criminal, though his role of his crime had been reduced by a great seduction and by a lack of mental stability. In "Rambo" he is the hero of all of America. A few years ago the director, George Pan Cosmatos, had done "Cassandra Crossing", a delightful piece of anti-wing propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was nothing like a mixture, and "Rambo" proves that he can also turn his hand to propaganda anti-wing right. One thing that two films are similar is that both of them are very bad. The first "blood" was wrong, but it also had its characteristics. His position, that the anti-war movement was part of the criticism of the problems caused by Vietnam in reforming the civil life, was one of the controversy, but at least the film was trying to provide information on war, social attitudes, and war. The roots of violence in the community. "Rambo", by comparison, has very few talents, except that a series of steps is well enough to make those who have the same kind. It is indeed a kind of revenge of the Americans who were still feeling about Vietnam's war. Rambo fights one hand in hand, and this right time to win. Take it, Charlie Cong! At this point, of course, the admirers of the film (and it seems that the most-over 2000 voters have already given ten stars) will discover that I am a free pink commie-love. Besides - in fact, I have been constantly disrespecting communism as an ideology. What I do not like about the movie is not his politics but his lack of lies and his opinion that the solution to all the problems, including ideological disputes, is to go with all the firearms and try and kill as many people as possible. We do not try to understand the problems of South East Asia or why not everyone in the area was pro-America. For all of the anti-Communist, the film is a kind of moronic sledgehammer propaganda which the Communists were very good at withdrawing themselves - except that they said all the problems of the world for Capitalism, or Destruction, or Restoration, or anything else it had been assumed to dislike. Compared to "Rambo", "Green Berets" was a large piece of political analysis. 3/10
