An error on the terrifying stage, FIRST BLOOD PART II seemed to have American feelings during the mid-80s, and Reaganism of the right wing and anti-red feelings have not yet ended, although the emergence of Mikhail Gorbachev some in The heart of "The Kingdom of Evil" in Moscow will soon give these kinds of films, even Reagan himself finally acknowledged this desire. In this sense, we can thank you for 'Gorby', not for its arms deal with the United States, nor for its 'glasnost' policies, or even its democratic support to be restored in Eastern Europe. In the old Soviet Union field. So, the last cuts to folly, jingoistic, to fight the adventures of the cold war like this. The first film of RAMBO was not perfect, although at least it was to learn gently and enough of the act and not a bad story. In this case, any feeling of even more distant securities are beaten regularly for pride, stupid plot planning and the event that Rambo one-handedly takes the number of Vietnamese and Russian soldiers who are not bigger and brain saving ten years after the US, as well as Americans to lose. <br /> <br /> Maybe the reason why the film was a great success of the box and the office was to allow many Americans scope to fantasy, they could lose the war, but there was still a hand-free business, with brave comic-heroes. A strip like to kill almost every red on the sight, and as much as possible devices, fulfilled such a widely used ideas. This may be of entertainment at SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but sadly everything is completely played. So it's not to say that no humor in the film, sadly is almost all non-voluntary forms. Practical events, though technically enough, never ever bear a little bit of faith or influence, because they are always placed in the most surprising circumstances of the environment, that is, our hero Rambo has not always been recognized (except with cuts and chaos here and there) despite tons of bombs, bombs, weapons, and so on. among the riots, what is with the script with clichés dullest and banalities.Stallone, who wrote the script by James Cameron (for a long time from an exciting manufacturer who made a year ago), deliberately appears to have given Rambo character as a bit to speak to the English language, and comes out only by the moral aunt, almost that he has built his own brand of patois only for himself. Perhaps his colleague Cameron was thinking of the terminator again and the very little contact was involved in leading behavior! For this Rambo looks even less than man than the terminator did! Other casters do not do well with good actors like Charles Napier and Richard Crenna who are doing their good work and hackneyed negotiations given to them, and Steven Berkoff suspends again with power and one of its Russian KGB / Red Army responsibilities. Berkoff's play is very fun but not too scary. How has he managed to live the life of the electrical suffering of Berkoff to kill more of those called the Red Scumbags? In fact, honesty has never had the power of this film. It is a fantasy work that is similar to the WIZARD of OZ. For a little that WAS meant to be a fantasy, and an extraordinary classic became that. This is the only classic of the worst, and in fact it irritates, and a good kind. And as for Sly's climactic speech ..., instead of hypocrisy after killing all people, eh? By the way, the same year, also made ROCKY IV .......... RATING: 3 out of 10.
