The visible endless movie worth testing zero. The premise appears simple: Yentl, a girl who loves to read Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys are allowed to learn, so after the death of his father decides to hide as a young man to enter. He makes and becomes close friends with Avigdor, who will marry a beautiful woman named Hadass. The Hadass family is studying the brothers of Avigdor suicide, and the wedding is removed. Yentl, who now calls himself Anschel, is chosen to marry Hadass. He does it but does not stand. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor go for a few days, and Yentl / Anschel reveals his secret. The last movie with Avigdor turn (and married?) Hadass, and Yentl to the US continue his studies though he must continue to do so to hide. <br /> <br /> The above plan seems attractive first for more than 2 hours long film, but there are several things that destroy it. At the beginning, there is a constant SINGING. (I can already hear critics shouting.) Yes, I know this is music, so they should have a lot of songs and drums. But the film could be improved if directed and played without them. The songs are offensive in time, and no play is as much as one would expect. Many songs are not memorable, without real memorable words, and those with any importance could be changed with a loud voice. Only one song stands out from others, "Papa can hear me". It is clear that many of the others were deliberately put in place so Streisand could only have a reason to show his ability to sound every five to ten minutes. Chances are anyone who will see this film already know what a good singer and actor, so the songs are not needed. Second, Streisand's shapes, which can be seen during his events as man (mouth, enhanced obstacles, and narrow color events are obvious) make it difficult for listeners to believe Yentl / Anschel's behavior, that he is really bad, and misleads his new friends, colleagues, and even Hadass, by believing he is a man. However we are asked and we have to believe it. There seems to be a contradiction, as his behavior speaks, or rather to sing, how he thinks he can remove it, but it is surprising that everyone seems to be confused because he is wearing men's clothes. This means that we are expected to believe that other characters are honest and cannot see other differences, such as their actions, which are obviously giving. The difference of the face alone can not be inserted, as other characters in the film mention that some of their male relatives or friends did not have a beard or other facial hair. However, in the 1900's, if a woman was dressed as a man, but she was wearing many shapes like Streisand's behavior, and still tried to pull out just like a man because she was wearing men's clothes, it would seem unacceptable and provoked. Space can be forced to leave the city, or even the country. So the "milk" of makeup on Streisand does not have credit for the credibility of the character, and only reduces the plot. If only used to make Streisand look better, it would have been hit. Third, when Yentl / Anschel himself reveals who he is really towards the end, then we are asked to believe that other characters do not mind like Streisand and only when they learn "true" to make them a little wise. It is now becoming more and more clear that the whole plot has been taken away so far that it is nothing more than a Streisand custom car. Finally, there are those who are Streisand fans who will not find fault with this film, his plot, or songs. For those I must agree with respect. When he has good and acting, I am not a "fan" of his style of singing. However, I have enjoyed many of its features, including music. There are some of his songs that I like, so I don't "hate you" and I have killed him. I have written this review from a true perspective, from someone who has tried to watch this film - several times even - and has identified the problems inside. If Streisand was willing to create a good or trusted film, he could do this here by inserting his needle to show and prove how talented, good and intelligent has almost every turn. This movie has nothing more than harming its capabilities, making it look self-centered, and thus retrieving the film to the unhealthy laughing of its fans or listeners.
