Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, gets an interesting picture of Italy which is included in the news of his ongoing work called DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY. But due to the death of his wonderful wife, his daughter, Emily, has had emotional concerns, so she goes to Spoleto, where the picture of trouble is with her and her nanny, Jill. And there is Countess, who is also a psychic, and he informs him that the image was somehow made the night that the little witch named Emilia was killed. Michael does not believe his story, but after that Emily has a hysterical spasm and Jill is killed ... this Italian film is, of course, almost guilty influenced by EXORCIST, but this is very simple, very simple, and in emotion, bad more. First of all, it should be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, the story shows Emily is born again to Emilia. But when Emily has seen her in chaos, she feels alone from a third-party perspective. But if she is the regeneration of Emilia, she should and should see behind anything except Emilia's view. Confusion of this kind, which the film has many, is almost exclusively based on the fact that the film is very cowardly, rather than being ambivalent, mentioning its own freudian theme, that is, the girl's pre-lover. To make matters worse, this film also has behavioral problems (if not mixed); each character is very ridiculous and cannot be a true person and / or honest. About Emily (or Emilia), she is after all the baby, and one can say that it is difficult to accuse her because of her freedom and sleep. (And according to Freudian theory, every girl wants to have her father's son through her own way. In this sense, Emily is not just pathological, her way to exclude other women from her father's love is a psychological problem. as I said, this film for se is very fearful to be Freudian.) The problem is that the adult actors are like infants and ignorant and helpless like Emily. And because of this weakness of even psychic behavior who can see almost everything can not do anything down-to-earth, and because of such a very weak story of the film has ended in a bad way to run. In addition, the special effects of this film are cheap and adequate. Although Stelvio Cipriani's music is very good (in fact this is very good that seems appropriate to be alone), the whole film is nothing but a cheap film that can despair even the 1970s-Italy-fear-film lovers .
