MTV film manufacturers of American TV design Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi) his camera camera, Cecily of Australia (Kate Fisher) and two dudes of surfer 'called Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) they come to some island looking nice somewhere, not really where it was revealed. Employees plan to shoot on the "blood" which appears to be the most recent in mild games. Traders throw the sea into the sea and deny themselves to attract the sharks, so we can see if they can beat them without eating. Once there is a salon with Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the full area leads them to the water-affected shark of the Lilo-Cay. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them in their boat. Once they arrive and are ready to photograph the 'blood' Sonny, Melba and Lemmya have all been killed by 30 salt water crocodile which some say 'owns' the island. The boat is covered. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy seem to be stuck on the island until then the rescue party comes. However, after running with some, then well I don't know what it is. Pirates? Smugglers of drugs? Revolutionairies? Who are bad people who don't like other people? Who knows? And most importantly cares? Not I'm sure. However, after escaping from these boys as pirates, they are taken out of the island's island by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girl Arty (Taryn Reif as Tara Reif). Film workers believe they are protected. Do they not know that crocodiles and Pastor Dirks are going back and has a sign of staying with four members of the film workers will not stop him. Captain Dirks returns to Lilo-Cay for the final match with the giant crocodile. <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. This Hickox is one bad film, but it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Mamba (2000). Everything about this film takes. Sam Bernard's script and Robert L.Levy are awesome, very slow as the crocodile was not seen or mentioned before the 30-minute mark and at that time I was very tired and irritated by the unrelated characters who were assumed by Bernard and Tariff. The entire film is also predictable, within the first 10 minutes of any who are known by the horrible film and the stakeholder will be able to assume who has died and who will live. The effects of the crocodile are serious and it seems that from time to time, there is a little bit of a puppet that actually has a certain hand stuck in it to control the rods as the water is great! CGI shots of crocodiles are just shy to look. There is no year away when the character is hit by the half that succeeds by using the CGI to remove the shoes of the prostitutes by the digit, and it seems to be a terrible one. There is also a short time when someone is tied to wooden spikes while placing a trap. There is a reasonable amount of sex and sex, as well as female actors are beautiful and easy on the eye. There is a basic development and logical error in the film as well, for one Cecily sequence is to publish the blood of the Bog and Jeremy 'but from the horn and the distance he has will be impossible to get the image of sharks and the same attackers at the same time, and certainly that's a step the whole of his shot? When Dirks manages to pull the crocodile corners of the wire swap between the shots, with one shot of the line of the line looks like it comes from the sky, on a straight shot after the angle is quite different and looks like a line comes from under the surface of the water when actually The bottle closed behind the boat and the line should be close to the surface. Could I continue, if the crocodiles run away from the rock if they are smart as this film is trying to do? But I would like to exceed the limit of 1000 words if I list everything that was wrong with this film, so I won't do it. I hated this film, but rather it is certainly not as bad as Tobe Hoopers bid in a great crocodile film. Certainly one to avoid.
