Oh, CGI. Blessings when used properly. Sin is also used by people who do not know what they are doing. Unfortunately, it is not the only thing that is misused in this vein vein. Ok, anyone who has read any number of my published reviews has probably seen things 2. 1: I like the awesome movie movies. And 2: If there is a good boy in a small movie budget, I will often show them. So, let's just take this way right now. This is one movie of the awesome budget that I don't like. Acting, for the most part, is awesome, destructive effects, and opponents of the Battlefield Earth script as the worst I saw this year. Apart from the beautiful girl ... Dax Miller (Bog) won the prize. This boy is a fire! And surprisingly, he is not only a toned body with beautiful eyes and a cute fabric ... can really act (well, as well as he can in this evil film). Now that we have homework outside the home, let's continue with that. The Cliff Notes here, here is a story (don't worry, I will try to give anything away) ... The film business travels to a remote island to show a document about two investors (he started a good boyfriend with his friend ) who plays with sharks. It is unknown to them is the great crocodile salt salt on the island. Croc shows up, violence comes, and people are eaten. Call the last credit. <br /> <br /> As I said earlier, this film is very hit. It started very well, but soon it started to be ignorant and stupid. The main character becomes lunch (in a very pleasant way), and our remaining heros of one liners at the expense of victims. Also, if this croc is located on a food chain in all countries and within the water, what is it with all sharks around? If this can eat a 40-foot boat, I don't think a few of the skimpy could remain. FX is some of the worst I have ever had to see. CGI is awesome, and even managed to delete animatronic strokes. Alerts, film writers. National Geographic. Recognition Store. Hunter of Croc. They know what crocodiles appear. Certainly not mentioning one of these judgments for monstrosity at the end of the film. And what is a pirate / drug group? What? Just need another reason to stop on a woman? <br /> <br /> It's funny how we get small forms in the film world. With Alligator and Sequels, Lake Placid, Crocodile, and now Blood Surf, now looks like "more crocodile / alligator size" movies should now find their own community in Blockbuster. Alligator was good. Placid Lake was good. I thought the crocodile of Tobe Hooper was good. Blood Blood, facing. <br /> <br /> My bridge: D-
