Although this seems to be an old show (2002), I watched my first part ever last night and I must say that it shows the worst. . . always. <br /> <br /> I'm not one of the comments but I was so surprised that the show could be there that diligently tries to walk, and I just think that this is their target, children under 12 years old or people with IQ under average. The time I was given last night had a series of many stories not included, trying to include a summary of every possible plot and always trying to preach about friendship, family, religion and politics! > ya <br katika Fr House haz Fr Fr haz Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fr Fratatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat atatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat Death is actually killed by the nuts of nuts Senator thinks it could be his enemy and the best childhood friend who did so because Senator was taking money with his vote for the law but ultimately got a conscience and said 'no' for millions of mulit. Everybody is a suspect but all the old-born girls (a young girl who was a married boy had to lie, a broken student who was reported by a victim actually had a life-changing experience, Senator members did not pay a desperate student to kill an enemy he swore, he gives money freely to many burst students. All the time the heroine of this dribble has her nephew sitting who is 'at the age' and has a crush for a boy, who finally get the courage to talk to her aunty support, but just throw him because 'in' girls says she isn't good enough and so continue with him he throws him. Don't worry, he comes back with a young man after learning the truth about life and girls 'in' they give him, Aunty also explains that God is the only one who can trust him (I was almost sick at this point) The celebration 'becomes better when Sue and his FBI team know who the killer. . . you are wondering this, I'm sure. . . It is one of Frat's boys who only a year ago discovered that he was adopted and that his real father is a global terrorist and tries to attract a real father by killing a boy and climbing a bomb in a funeral. . . . . . . The role is a cardboard acting is a development card is a cardboard card is a cardboard. Anyone who says that they like this show has a card with a brain / knife! The last situation in one show means that they certainly do not have confidence in the development characteristics or the ability to carry the line line line. Watch this show is like watching 'Last Action Hero' and Arnie kill 5'000 people and take a tooth, unless Arnie is an excellent actor (wow, never think there will be a day that I would like to say !!) <br /> <br /> In The words of the Simpsons character lovers 'book comic book'. . . . <br /> <br /> TV of WORST SHOW. . . . . JUMA.
