At the end of 80 years they experienced a wonderful loss of the most horrible films that have been placed in a difficult transfer environment. Renny Harlin's "Prisons" gentle and powerful "got" the whole of wind ball. once followed by very poor "Chairman," John Saxon is very happy "The House of Death," a photograph that can be approved by "Destroyer," and the arrogant practice of limp'n'lethargic in hopeless tedium. Your despair of the University of the most unfortunate university caused by the inadequate shock Alex (who cannot fall into Nicholas Celozzi) to Alcatraz Island to explore the incredible surroundings surrounding and the sudden death of over-and-coming star rock Sammy Mitchell (blandly played by Toni Basil's "Hey Micky" fame). Alex's brother has the evil spirit of the warrior warriors of the war of the United States War and goes on to the expected assassination, thus to defeat Alex to overcome his position and make a stand against this ghoulish specter. Though taken by picture by Nicholas Von Sternberg, with small pieces of pieces of spoony and the right amount of spooky status (the film was hit on the scene of the worst, landing, of Alcatraz Island) , "rock mass" however 'T cut as an element of fear, substantial. This is because of the most surprising and unrelated characters, a large smirky group that has comic antics confirms that it is a rather exciting ferry. The work of the flat from the cast of concern hurts most of the issues, at once playing with "Playboy" colleagues and the incredible impressions of blonde cutie pie hottie head Hope Marie Carlton doing the cohesion of Linnea Quigley especially as a concrete mix. Dimitri's Logothetis trend reflects the style of beautiful performances, but the sound has not been sounded between the rough and goofy weight, the worst, and, with more damage, enough to Ted Landon, uneven, very hard and ultimately the script of frustration fails to develop the logic the inside of the inside to make the narrative story even even away. In other words, this depressed stinker succeeds in making 90 minutes of it looks like a prison sentence of the most amazing movie.
