Very bad movie, and a short time or very good reputation. It starts with Linda Blair who was pregnant, who runs down the runways to run what might be monsters or people with a pit, I'm not sure. She jumps through the window and wakes up, and we see she is very pregnant. What she is pregnant is very different in the movie. He and a angry young man with the possibility of delays that I thought was his son traveling to a hotel left on the island. Italian panicists find young boys who want to insert their movies! This island is already David Hasselhoff and his girlfriend of German speaking (you know how the Germans love Hasselhoff ...). He takes pictures, and translates the German esoteric book about witches, I think. Also travel on the island is a big couple who have bought it, and a real estate agent, and a woman I thought was their daughter. It seems that he was an architect, and Linda Blair and the boy are the older children of the marriage. I think they all went to the island together, but they really seemed like Linda and the boy were away from others (maybe they were done differently). The hotel seems to be beautiful, indeed from exteriors, but it is not used with any great effect. An old woman in bad shapes and black clothes continues to be seen by a young man and sing something in German sometimes, which finally writes on his Sesame Street record. People start killing, or in their dreams, or getting into hell or something. Some of these gore events are the same, but not enough to recommend a movie. Although the copies I have seen say it is unacceptable on the box cover, the death of one character that the nerve explosion appears to be broken. Many parts show shots of other behavior responses, since we don't see anything of ourselves. The creepiest part is the one in which the person or the demon has a terrible mouth injury builds a man. He looked particularly beautiful. There is a bad and painful condition that Linda Blair owns. I would like a horrible movie going to take her, it would do something natural and her role, and then let the eclipse go back to her (except for the horrible annual meetings). In a strange, large-scale Italian, traditionally claiming to be good for something that is not associated with, this is also the AKA La Casa 4 and Ghosthouse 2. That is that it seems to be good for Casa 3 - Ghosthouse, La (1988) - not (that's also a good movie than this). La Casa 1 and two were The Dead Dead (1981) and Evil Dead II (1987) - no longer associated with Witchery and La Casa 3 (and better than those). There are also Casa 5, La (1990) AKA House 5, which appears to be wanting to be a series of fake series of Casa series and House: House (1986) House II: Second Story (1987), The Horror Show (1989) AKA House III, and House IV (1992). What? The Horror Show fits inside? It is not true, it claimed that it was good, and so it needs to be incorporated into a realistic reflection of itself, resulting in less density (or more?). Oddly, The Horror Show is also an AKA Horror House, and La Casa 5 is also an AKA Horror House 2. Does your head hurt yet?
