Magic / Witch / La Casa 4 / anything else you want to call. How about. A collection of people at the island of Massachusetts's rest center is surrounded by the magic powers of the evil witch to kill everyone by using cruel, evil methods. Gary painter (David Hasselhoff) takes pictures of Linda (Catherine Hickland whose voice and behavior resembles EE-YOR's cartoon of Winnie the Poo), a virgin learning magic, at the island center without permission. Rose Brooks (Annie Ross, showing very badch) is probably interested in buying shopping and, along with Freddie husband (Robert Champagne, who always has other younger women than she), pregnant pregnant Jane (Linda Blair) and grandson Tommy (Michael Manchester, who just gazes at all, perhaps wants to look at Sesame Street instead of star in this trash), going to the boat on the treatment center to look for the property and son of Realtor Tony Giordano Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), obviously a student at The business get its wet feet. With these people is a Leslie architect (Leslie Cumming, whose character is a nympho) who can help Rose form again a break. The captain of the boat is killed by Lady in Black (Hildegard Knef, wearing his sword and the stick of an extra thick stick) and the storm is alcohol. Boats come out of itself (dominated by the invisible power of Lady in Black, I think) and everyone is stuck in the cessation of cuts, which is a great need for repairs. Many of the victims, before meeting with their fates of gris are provided for a variety of red wormhole whose vortex leads to another direction (perhaps a form of hell or something) where they are tortured by these fiends dressed in raggedy clothes and crummy face. One victim has his mouth planted before hanging down on the chimney, burned as some put on fire. One poor soul is tortured and beaten with a string around his body before it was found hanging from the swordfish into his neck. One partner is slowing down as her nerves (and blood) and neck muscles are broken off in Hasselhoff's face! One partner was crucified with nails inserted into his hands before a hard beat under the open fire. Blair's pregnant woman has her hair standing last speaking with another woman's voice. One is being raped by this demon-possessed "sick" person as hellish hats stand up with joy. The film, in spite of extra, is enough for those who want to see more in the work of Hasselhoff and Blair, who deserve more than this. Almost never worrying sometimes, creating a little revenge. The effectiveness of the execution of the death system that seems to be cheaper and lost. Certainly the point of the gore is the same, but most of the films show the victims after being reviewed through the ring. We have the opportunity to see pregnant women (who seem particularly like adults in dress and bad wigs) jump from three-story windows. Oh, and Lady in Black's face emerged often climbed unnecessary items for the characters to see. Tommy has a small record of Sesame Street which the Woman in the Black Mumbo sounds, is clearly used for later. For some reason, Lady in Black loves to visit little Tommy. Then he was not afraid of him, for Tommy was too tired to show any exhibits on his face, a little afraid. I need to say more? This is a real stinker. Ugh.
