Oo ... bad clothes, music of the worst and worst synth: David Hasselhoff. 80 are returning for revenge in the hunting witch, the American and Italian partnership, assisted by Joe 'D'Amato's pride in the production side and the temporary director (thank you in heaven for small miracles) Fabrizio Laurenti leading. It was found as a series of a series of Sam Raimi series in Italy (which was called "La Casa" there), a magician offers regular vegetables and a bad act. A mix of spirit stories, wealth and enchantment, the bounces film is not available from one location to another without allowing heavy-duty woodworkers and a mix of day and night a slow mixing continues to have an expectation, with an extraordinary WTF peak. (I just love to look on his face ...) Laurenti amazing can gather some doubts with the air of evil in a few - very few - scenes; of course for these, these few fewer films of the film decrease rapidly and effectively. <br /> <br /> More is the experience, while the cloud blows the fan. This department is highly effective and colorful in color-colored pigment-colored color paints in a color-colored pigment color. The color of the color colors of the color and color of the 80-year-old Italo-80, when things were made with 100 hands and surprisingly clear as small budgets can allow. I could just look with a sadistic glee and a few laughter all over-up that obnoxious characters (and executives) got mangled with misuse, automatically. I felt sorry for Linda Blair, who was never allowed to try anything other than the role of a girl / woman in her work, or so it looked like when watching her film. <br /> <br /> Well, people - not more to tell, and even less to tell at home about. Don't expect too much when using daylight and this, and maybe you will experience at least some fun. It also helps if your degenerated heart blows with 80 euros of fear. And to speak on hearts - every movie with David Hasselhoff get skewered with a large metal object and very bleeding near the room with the corridors, must be one in the right place. <br /> <br /> This is my reality - what is yours?
