There are many different versions of this around, and make sure you can find one of the non-fixed copies, otherwise some of the area of ​​the year and one of the dirt may be missing. Some versions also leave more open sequences and other bits here and there. The title I saw was WITCHCRAFT screens: EVIL ENCOUNTERS and was released by Shriek Show, who saves the original US name for WITCHERY release for DVD release. It is a good copy and it seems to have all the pictures, but it has aspect ratio / feature. In Italy, it was issued as LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two times of LA CASA were the first two bad films (mentioned) and the third LA CASA was another film with the production company (Filmirage), which is known here in the United States as GHOSTHOUSE. To make things even more confusing, WITCHERY was also released elsewhere as GHOSTHOUSE 2. Except Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is really THE OGRE: DEMONS 3. Okay, I just better install now. I begin to mix myself! <br /> <br /> Regardless of the head, this is a hit-or-miss quest. Some of them are good, some of them are not. I really was on this film for the first half or so, but towards the end it became a meaningless mess. The largest, uninhabited hotel is located on the island about 50 kilometers from Boston is set, since various people are taken away by one of the German language (Hildegard Knef). Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff), who wants to catch "Wizard Light," and his girlfriend journalist (Leslie Cumming), who learns magic, locks the hotel without permission. With a real estate agent Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), who displays wealth to Rose buyers (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks. Also fasting is their children; A heavy daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and a very young child Tommy (Michael Manchester), as well as an architect who created Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland's wife - Hasselhoff at the same time). Once everyone is inside, their boat driver is killed (hung) and the boat disappears, so they find themselves beaten and basically by the "Lady in Black." Do you get here? Plenty of unpleasantries! One of the characters has their closed lips closed and then closed on fire and slows down - cut off by all others. There is also the crucifixion, the lost witches, the swordfish through the head, the man who burns, his possession, the Sesame Street tape, the virgin gets raped by a certain demon, the boy's nerves beat and thank him for voodoo doll pokes and other things. From a technical perspective, it is a beautiful film with good movies, beautiful scores and good results for the year. Hotel park / island is also very good. Blair (especially the end) and all Ross seem to be happy with Knef is as good as a bad witch. Although people like to mock Hasselhoff these days, he is not bad in his role, either. On the bottom side, despite each year, the film seems to be lighter and gets bigger after hours. An unusual theme is beaten and confused, too. When characters get into a few witches to be tortured and murdered, filmmakers have carefully decided to reinforce the sound actors on the visible red effects of vortex effect that looks very cheesy. And the pastor itself is clear and affordable and unplanned wood. And while most of the cast is at least good, several performances (especially "actress" who plays the girl of Hasselhoff and the child) is very bad to confuse them.
