Maybe I am old enough, but this has lost me and the old Bone Bone. Surely there must be something wrong with that Irish man (yes, I, Schultz!). Lord, Lord what I will give you to see the light! First, that Phil Silvers manic power, wit and car were a great part of the comedic birth and general education in life, if you would like. Although it may have been the same series, first it was called: "WELL HAIPI TO RICH RICH" (1955-59 *) could get on the CBS TV and another person in the role of Sgt. Bilko, it is very difficult to watch any actor / player in the business wearing stripes for the Master Teacher. This dynamic identity cannot be avoided, although it is not the kind of work of the destruction of the dream situation that has proved to be for other people, such as Clayton More ("RANGI OF LONE"), George Reeves ("ADVENTURES OF SUPERMAN ") by Charles Nelson Riley (" UNCLE CROC'S BLOCK "). One major barrier to switching and achieving such a function from the 1950 TV TV to the 1990s-to-date public is our collective memory. Not sure what percentage of the group remembered the behavior of Bilko to see the initial operation and early revival, and their number was very sure; even a large part of young people had seen Bilko records in recent days. It was clear that a new film and source was miles; or even age off. <br /> <br /> To avoid being considered as a square, old grouch please check other points. It is here today, the 14th day of November In the year of our Lord 2007, I would like to confirm and confirm under Oath that I have been a fan of Steve Martin for nearly 30 years, more than that, I have enjoyed the skills and talents '' Co-Stars Dan Akroyd and Last Phil Hartman. After all, it was a youth talent like this and many others, "NBC, s Saturday NIGHT" and "SECOND CITY TV" continued the last quarter of the 20th century laughing. But BILKO reset again; it just didn't work. <br /> <br /> Maybe if the film has been made as a Comedy Service (always liked 'em!) but without the names of the Bilko Show and it provided its own identity it would be more than considered by crabby, the older ones like me. <br /> <br /> So, we've had many sitcom and a series of cartoon has turned out to be the latest movies, what is next? It says about the person who performs the World War World War of Hal Roach of Hal Roach DOUBLEDAY & AMES and 1 Cartoon Series TV "RABBIT CRUSADER"? Remember where you first heard! POODLE SCHNITZ!
