Go back to my days as a composer "Personal Study" played on 4-plex I was working. It was a nightly sleep disorder on Friday and Saturday night for several weeks. I never had around but I saw it was on this cable last weekend, so I decided to shoot. What I witnessed for the next 90 minutes is one of the worst movies I have ever seen and one that has made me very anxious to look at. The basic story is a young boy's desire after his female servant (Sylvia Kristel). He, too, seems to feel the attraction towards the young man but for the worst reasons. So we find the scenes of a young man who has looked at him and asked him to watch. And it goes from there. <br /> <br /> Eric Brown, as a young boy, must be one of the worst actors I've ever seen. Its "frightening effect" every time Sylvia takes off a piece of clothing or touches it is bad. I did not laugh at one time during this piece. And we start on a small part of the maid and trainer to expand money from the child. Let's just say that it involves making death, killing the body .... I can keep going but it becomes more ignorant. Sex / Sexuality is the worst I have ever seen. Although Eric Brown was old then he looked, the fact is that he looked like a child. It seems he doesn't know how to kiss a woman (if that was working then maybe I should again think of my Brown's complaints) and came very close to child pornography screens. I have never turned to a sex scene although Miss Kristel is very beautiful and without clothes. SPOILER EXPERT ** I must mention the last location. For me they are just sick but I can remember the audience blowing as the film is locked and deleted in the features. Our hero returns to school and begins playing with one female boy. She asks him out for dinner and gives him a look like Tom Cruise asked him out. He says strongly and goes away, throwing on the camera to victory. YOU ARE A GOOD! I am sure all teachers will have a risk of everything for a child who has been exposed. I can't understand the appeal this film was in 1982. It was really dirty because there was a lot of comedies of the boy's sex and dirt that bombed the box office. And to think that these young people who were happy that the last 22 films are doing their work up to corporate levels and maybe helping to run this country. That's a terrible thought.
