It says that a girl named Susan Montford both wrote and led this "movie". It is not surprising that he has no other attribute in his name by writing or guiding. He made a serious technical error in choosing this as his career. This is one of the worst human creation of this millennium. The worst thing with this film except its story of the ignorance of a woman who is running from four strokes, is a lack of LOGIC. After leaving the shops, she gets around four robbers as they go around her. Tell me, who is the woman who will be aggressive to encourage a striker who can move around, and ridicule her with words? I don't mean after the attack has started, because then it's usually normal for someone to fight. But he beat the boy and in good order raised it to the next level. No woman could do it unless she 1) had weapons, 2) has the courage to know that the backup is very close, and so it is safe from the effects, or 3) the attackers are very young, and seem to be weak that she is pretty sure she can pick them up. Nothing was used in this situation, so he was only doing as a person who asked to be infected or sick. And by the way, when he was approaching, as it was when he came into the basic view of Kim Basinger, why would he run away for help, or shout? When he leaves after the guard is shot in the head, runs the private part of the city, and injures. She had a good three-minute player for the surveillance, instead of just running with a foot in the direction of the diagon behind the house and the flower of the plant and continuing, she came out of her Red Book and began to start around under her hood. I understand he was trying to fix his car, but he would have to run. I did not have this meaning to be a historical summary of the film, because I love people who do so, but it just happens that every major series of this film has something that is stupid that I should comment on it). Why would he carry a loud voice, Red Book if he tried to try to stop in the dark? When he gets it, one of the contractors asks to open a box of tools. First he rejects, then finally opens. And it takes a wrench. This event here is very rich on the subtle competition of complete failure to the great impact I am breaking, is one of the dumbest events in the entire movie. When asked to open the box, he protects the first as it was in some way to get one of the sticks to unlock it in anger after opening it, in the same way that someone in the action film might have a device that the enemy needs that person to touch / push / push. opening / running, and once that the hero refuses to open it, the enemy takes the device, and just having the same device gives a direct chemical / shot on the face / giving he was unconscious, which was the plan of the hero all around. It feels like that's what they have tried to do with Kim Basinger here, opening the tool box quickly and quickly taking WRENCH and sending one of the sticks, and somehow comes from him and three other robbers. ** /> ​​<br> ** In another movie, basically what you see is a housewife's wife, missing near the trees as she carries her Red Box, using a variety of tools used as weapons to kill her HAS. <br /> <br> ** When he was running, he finished moving to the BACK where the strokes were? I think it was the scene where they had the radio with loud voice for the dead dead. He somehow appeared on them when I thought he was moving to AWAY from them. Finally, all this premise is very weak because all the reasons he is being dismissed for the first time is because from the strokes' view, he was a witness of the killings they did against the security officer earlier, and so they felt they should kill him. How ridiculous. As one of the sticks also said, they could leave the city and go back to any city they drove out, nobody but he had seen them again, and probably had no license plate. Even if this is not possible to work with their grace, how can you raise hell and hunt hunting to kill your chances of avoiding previous killings?
