Let's put a political priority aside and just look at this side of many sexual comedies that have occurred in the 1980s because I for one I don't think this is better or worse than others. Unless your religious kook or a lovely woman may probably look at a non-romantic film like this without getting all the work on the content and I had a very innocent feeling for this before and after watching it. The story has been set up in Albuquerque, New Mexico where a 15-year-old boy named Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) has a natural nature as a hell and starts investigating an attractive slave who has started working with his father. <br /> Help ***** THE WILDER ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly with Philly but things evolve when her father is out of town with a business and starts playing with her for access Invites into the room her sleeping to look at her. Philly is tough and does not know how to respond to the first time but soon she goes for her and has sex but rather fear it seems that Nicole has died from a heart attack! With help from a skeptical player Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman) seem to have been buried in his body but remember from reporters show and Philly should come out of $ 10,000 from his father's safe. Philly is shocked when Nicole shows up and learns that anything was a destructive plan set by Lester and that she went just because she was an unlawful alien and if she did not do what Lester would call the immigration office. They are all trying to get their father's money before they go home and they ask for help from Jack (Ed Begley Jr.) who is a tennis teacher but pretends to be a terrible Lester fighter. This little comedy was offered for less than $ 3 million but it resulted in more than 50 million dollars worldwide and made one of the films that could be made at that time a great success that makes me wonder why this was hit and not any of the others in the form. Director Alan Myerson can be proud to have made a film to hit but the fact is that he did not have a real job in the film though he was very successful on television. So ... why did this succeed? I have an idea that it can only be because of Kristel and before deciding that I am mad to listen to my thoughts. Kristel was an international star because of his films of the most basic films because the only one that made many adult thinkers like to watch him in the American film which was available to be released. Therefore, these adults will also be concerned about their own young and fantasy of teaching ways to love love with an attractive older woman who brings young members who may not yet know very well and want to know the film. However, that is my opinion and if someone has another reason I would like to hear but behind the film itself it seems (and very sad) that a film like this could perhaps never be made again (except Europe) because of the religious right and others who can't negotiate and the fact that the boy's boy gets put will not cause any harm. In fact, it is a precious service that ALL WANTS to treat them! The film itself is bad and the body of Kristel twice is very obvious in certain cases especially if you are carefully observing the differences in their organs. The story (though cheering the basic form) is not very exciting or unfolding so they were left to go to the nude events that are common to that type.
