Well, it was as I expected: overload to see but nothing else added to nature. What surprised me however was that the storyline was very similar changed compared to Flick 1968. At the beginning this awakened my interest, but what finally surprised was that the new twists and turns (a) were apparently invented to show us the size of products like Hollywood and (b) ) made the whole storyline impossible! The 1968 story was straightforward, and did not include any storms of time or any kind of kind: it just said that when you come home after a long journey, things would change a bit. Land can be dropped by the hands of apes, for example. Like many old movies, it is the main ingredient (hell, does anyone understand the word today?). In this Burton film, an attempt has been made to turn something around the action film, but at what cost? In fact, these images are many, and much time and money are placed in a culture of full cordination (even music music!), But what is it? First, the suspension of unbelief takes place very hard, because monkeys have a lot of Hollywood behavior. I'm talking mainly to Ari and a slave-slave. These features include emotional skills such as emotions, fears, and many types of 'false' feelings. It lets you forget that monkeys are apes, which are important. Secondly, human TALK. Of course, we may think that human beings will never forget how to speak, but the fact that monkeys had a speech and human beings did not make a very tangible humanity and focus on the 1968 edition. later he received a key speech for his own and the interests that Dr. Zira is in it (hence, there is no need for things like human rights activists or human love to describe things). Third, the fact that they are advertising is too much of a lack of capacity, but it is an important thing in the new film, since Capt Davidson will play Hollywood- we-save-the-world-and-good-end-for-everyone-and- still-make-to-the-bar-for-a-cool-diet-coke character. Oh my god, can't they learn? I was new from the beginning, when there was only one lost person! They had a need for a hero! And then the script goes to the argument: we need one person ... so, why one person will be lost ... because he tries to save the string from the electric storm ... implausible! But it is important because it shows the audience that respects apes! Since, in these modern and political times, we cannot be guilty of fighting xenophobic as the character of Charlton Heston's 68 released on the screen: let's give you a bubblegum version! Fourth, of course, usually 'realizing the fact' of the 1968 film for the modern version (he finds that his own mother ship collapsed on the planet years ago and that their laboratory laboratories developed their society, where Heston discovered just that, in a manner some, the grass got the earth when it was far away. The second part, the war comes as a climax of resistance. That is because this film has made the first two film of the Api Planet in one copper. Good try, but you feel at Davidson and you realize that you have lost on the planet forever only loses from the unpleasant part of the war. <br /> <br /> Five: the end of !!! For chrissake, who came with it? (a) Davidson defeats TWICE and its own escape, which seems to be something unimportant, when the chimp is able to do it with beauty? Come, who believes it? If powder is a small space (Davidson only enters the space at the end) and not just the avoidance instruments, he could manage a safe journey at least once, no? And what about that end ?? I mean, in the original film it was clear that everything was done on earth. But here: the whole movie takes place on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a picture of Thadi) the culture of the fruit is in the world? How to come? Did the monkeys of the distant planet have changed technology, collapsed during the storms and colonial lands before Davidson's removal? Why is Thadi worshiping? Foolish is foolish. Helena Bonham Carter is beautiful and beautiful as a string, but I would not be down. I liked his string on Estella Warren as a man, but maybe I got a good wire in my head. However, the only influential children were Tim Roth as Thade (amazing!) And Ari's household (formerly, but I forgot his name). Nonono, many things can and should be added / changed to the image of 1968, but not a plot, at least not that way. It was simple and clear and not needed to describe the extra. It was a good language-in cheek and caricatured. Don't stylize everything ...
