This movie made a totally forgotten star from the 1930s, Jack Pearl ("Baron Munchausen" radio) with Jimmy Durante. However, 7-1 / 2 years later, it is paid as a third-party stooges because it is the only one in the film that a typical person can recognize today. The film traders will also recognize Edna May Oliver's wonderful with Pitts Zazu. For the poor, this is a film from there very early - before MGM have any idea to do with the team. At this time, they were known as "Ted Healy and Stooges" as Healy was the foremost man. Fortunately for the Partners, they have recently left a good and thoughtless person (to read about it - you will see what I mean) and others are history. Within a year, they were making a short success in Columbia and executives at MGM were voting for losing the team. This type was typical for MGM, a great label that doesn't know what to do with comedy (like Buster Keaton film, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until they went to Columbia, MGM put them in various roles of an unusual film - including working with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford at DANCING LADY. And, usually, in this film did not work as a team - they just did various tasks, like Larry playing the piano! <br /> <br /> This movie begins with Pearl and Durante lost in the African Jungle. When they are saved and brought home, all the feelings of structure for the film fall apart and the film becomes almost like a different show - hit by events and heads here and there. With regard to Pearl, I could see why he did not have a successful change for the film, since he has a slug (but not a bit). As for Durante, I did not know what the public saw in him - at least away from his film-involved he had a great voice and ... loudly! He seems to take some time away and help MGM to destroy the work of Buster Keaton to make this film. Together, Pearl and Durante depend on lots of sounds (?) And the Vaudeville style of behavior that decreases. <br /> <br /> In this film, Stooges did not have proper chemistry. Seeing Healy doing the work that Moe did in their future films is unusual. They did it in the film was very good, but because all the groups were short, they came and run the camera very quickly to enable them to get into their actions. Stooges fans can be very worried about this, though dead fans might want to see this so that they can achieve their goal of seeing everything living - even Joe DeRita's films and Joe Besser were damaged (oh, and they became bad after Shemp and Curly deaths. Overall, the film is lighter and desperate. However, there are a few interesting things to look into a mess. Next to the 13-minute mark, you will see a short area where a tour guide on the bus hits. Look carefully, if this is Walter Brennan in the role you would never expect! Another common look at the film is "Clean as Whistle" song start at 22 minutes on the film. This song and the dance number are obviously an example of the so-called "Pre-Code" that has never been allowed in the film after 1934 (when the Production Code was enhanced). Despite the word "Clean" in the head, it is a very interesting number and naked women show a lot of body - enough to stimulate but not enough to show anything! It is amazing when you see it today, although the exercises were very common in the early 1930s. Finally, on the 63-minute mark, see Jimmy Durante to keep the race on the back of a few decades. Watch the film, you will see that I mean!
