Loony Tunes have emerged (at least) twice later. At first it was very funny "Duck Dodgers". At the end was this? um ?? effort. "Revelation periods" have no credentials, and can be considered as good products not to be the quality of Warner Brothers. WBs are recognized by their cheerful humor, attracting at least for adults as children. These pieces of superhero feet, on the other hand, can not fail to convince adults to take them. <br /> <br /> The column of the series is that 6 ordinary people (2 bunnies, Tasmanian devil, ducks, road, and coyote) live on the "city planet" of Acmetropolis and get higher power when the meteor hits the world in 2772. What is confusing is that the names of these names have a number of people who are calculated up to 2772 from the 21st century. It's good, but it sucks the stupid. <br /> <br /> In each section, the top sextet? including amusing silence but basically banal banter ?? fight with various powerful criminals. For the most part, these are forms that appear in any series of superhero adventure and some even better. As a good series of festivals, this takes its criminals seriously to the context. And of course these boys are the only characters who laugh? laughing usually bad, of course. Why is that criminals in superhero adventures to predict always ?? KHAA MARA ?? Laughing for every opportunity? This type of animation appears to leave the laughter alone in the criminals and (regular) people and / or quotations. In fact, the creators of this series lacked their best bets from getting-go. The power of the characters sometimes depends on their ability, but sometimes it is not. The problem here is that we do not see enough WB. Lexi and Ace have common weapons produced by energy and have no human qualities that can describe as "Bugs-like". What we are here is essentially silly and drekish "Teen Titans", including its "modern" animation, but with animals. Feh. Another wrong for the creators of the software is (or is) criminals. As mentioned earlier, this is not a lot of thinking and a little bit of laughing for evil. Surprisingly, the authors lacked a clear approach to making criminals from the WB shares of characters and characters. Add to happiness can be, say, Jupiter Sam ?? such as The Fudd, are still the hunters? such as Tech E. Coyote was converted to a true neurotic villain ?? And so on. Ah, the sadness of the lost opportunities? Unfortunately, all these productions have passed extra time (ie second season). However, we can rejoice that there is something new out there for the crowd 14. All of us can hope for the 3rd season of Duck Dodgers.
