"Surely Chuck Jones is dead, he lets his soil to increase the cheapest explosion, the American American has already stopped the style, giving it power". "but sir, are we all ready to have several exhibitions in the works that have already been done here? A little less to lose on their dreams of the original creators". "yes! and that shows us to make us a money group, and we need more!". "but not every woman and child, who grew up with these characters down, angry?". "have the right to put it in the future, make them all of the original characters, and change all the little names ... but not so much, we still need to have the academic success of the elite". That's the only reason I can think of why this is. If you look at the terrible destruction of our Looney Toons loved ones, then it looks like a proper show. But then there is already a teen of the boy, which is the same thing of blood. All actors are dressed as batman, running around a certain type of ships fighting with high criminals, they are strong, the only difference is the kind of talk as Looney's tunes and they have the same names and characteristics of character. This type of thing falls into "it's so ridiculous it's good" kind of society. Consider the movie of the brothers of Super Mario, and Batman and Robin. If you want to laugh for all the wrong reasons, check out this. If you are of a new generation (this is really what is required), and you can look at the greedy callers to be shy, then run with it and enjoy it. <br /> <br /> If you like to enjoy this cartoon I'm not a problem with you, it's people who counted this thing with that I am mad. You know how they say piracy is like stealing a car; This show is like stealing the grave. They can also dig all the people involved with the original cartoon, drew them to the exhibition, dressed in pirate clothes, and charged money. If this show did not use characters (which did not match the Looney Items in any case) that has already made millions of labels, then this would be good. But no! To shame the brothers of Warner, to shame. When I saw this as a second second gag in the part of Simpson or Family Family, I would like it. If so I can only believe this made. I would bet anyone that 80 percent of people working on this show are interested in it. But no matter what, for 10 years this show will be forgotten, when nature will live forever? Or at least until the world is completed. "Come in 2008, Snoopy and nuts group are back, and now they have enough lasers and they can go back invisible! Will Charley Brown win the guest of the guest Zapar?
