I had high expectations of this film (head, translated, is "How We Remove Others"). After all, the concept is good: in the near future where the academic authorities have taken the result of the constant persecution of the government's right and legal regime of so-called freeloaders and the left wing in general, and decided to kill everyone who cannot to prove that they are contributing to the establishment (the so-called "common advantage", but actually means the interests of capitalist ideology). <br /> <br /> A very cool idea! Better to simulate satire! Only, this film blows its place completely. Satire comes only from a few cases and displays of ignorance, but this satire is not used; not bright nor angry. And for the comedy of claims, the movie has almost no funny scenes. Comedy, I think, must be in the state of deviation, but the situation is significantly worried and more-bad, rather than evoking either laughter or thought. <br /> <br /> Script is complete with a wrong grave in the state. The action would have taken into account political issues and how bad it would be to do such a thing, but instead of the time it was used for a young woman who wrote the new rules for fun, and who is trying to save everyone, by preparing opposition that leads people to Africa. All this is on the move! This movie is not worth pretending to be very bad! It's satire! Political information. But it has not even begun to address the problem that should be near. Maybe it was scared to go too far? How to fear. That's not art. It's not even a real satire. Søren Pilmark, very bad and currently one of the Danish actors, was very good. Significantly took what a little entertainment value of the movie. Everyone else: nothing special (well, maybe except for Lene Poulsen, who made an interesting performance). In fact, the problem of many Danish movies is that language never feels natural. It is not formulation or giving. Why is it so difficult to make it sound? Why must it be so destructive? I hope, when people look at these movies fifty years from now, they don't think that's how people spoke to the whole Danish community. Over 3 out of 10.
