If you are going to look at the child, make sure it does not live anywhere near the grave. Especially if the child said to have a habit of drawing pictures of a bumper and disappearing at night in the sight of 'friends'. But, our heroine beard beard, unknown all the signs, decomposes with his family Nortons, which includes a bright father and an older brother who has a loving interest to our babysitter budding. Even more than a basket than a zombie outdoor jigsaw is a tendency to be thrown even talking their lips, and in words unlike their mouths. But enough that the domestic animals are being offered, the old women have the eyes to be outdoors and the fans will not close at any time, even the quiet. O, and the editor has a day to go away from the way of the drones of the film. In fact, it would be better if everyone involved took money, said what they would sign up for and go to AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to get on the movies these days, but this kind of starter step is not one in your CV you want. If it was like a farm worker who was taught to be guilty of growing chicken. Together with one of the worst exhibitions caused by Laurel Barnett, and another almost equal to the charisma-free baby player Rosalie Cole (Dakota's second Fanning he is not) the film continues to continue without freezing until we find what goes through the peak. This includes five or six of the undead members of our undisputed heroine in spill, while its hardness reduces these ghouls and wood wood, one shell of shell and whatever she can put her hands on. But to return to the minute. As soon as they were in the car, they accidentally discovered that the creatures found the horns of the horn and so they left with his voice. So where do they live? Certainly not, they go to this neglected center in any place, so the bloke can prove the hardest she is to do if she has nervous trouble. <br /> <br /> Finally, the film is closed. Not finished, it just goes by grinding. The main character walks in his car covered with artificial blood, as if nothing had happened that happened. But, my dear viewer, the worst thing has happened. You just sit through one of the fearful, horrible films you have ever seen, and lose 82 minutes of your life you will never be able to come back. Just think. Years from now on your bed, you would like to do one hour and 22 minutes just to spend a little time with your family. Sadly, it's already too late for me. Don't make the same mistake: 2/10
