The little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the country. This girl Rosalie has a psychological feeling as the movie opens with her feed seat for some kind of creation in the cemetery, and recently lost her mother who went to heaven but when she enjoyed staying in the forest all night. The movie cluster has a new woman coming to Rosalie to take care of her. He is brought by the evil of the forest while driving and, think of the worries here, finds a big blue bar that fell off the rock in some way to stop his car dead in his tracks. From there he walks around the house and tells Mrs Whitfield who then goes to a lot of information about Rosalie and her family. The honesty used by Mrs Whitfield's behavior seems reliable. Yes, this woman meets the baby and we are soon learning that it is not just amazing but everyone in the film is too wonderful. They all share one thing in common which none of them ever heard of a school of action. None of these people can act - as evidenced by a few cars among them in the entire film appeared before or since - and all seem like they do not know what is going on, relaxing to remember the lines, and have all judged for a paper bag. The director goes through the material at a slow pace and the music of this terrible piano here and there in things that he thinks scary. It takes us a bit before we get several killings with the creatures of the creature, but at that time I don't care. The killings did not convince them, and indeed they are told the whole film looks like a man through a collective farm of his friends and people and things that exist. That all is said to end there are other amazing things even though we don't learn one thing about what Rosalie is like this or most importantly who is a simple masks. Cheap does not even describe the budget here and. It is basically the old agricultural houses and some villages at the end and of course trees. Someone gave the driver two cars as well. No special effects of any kind are just a small make-up. There are many buttons to ignore, but I will put a few lists here which at least made me abolished because of the inability of the creative power involved: 1) Look at the body of the garden well after being "killed". Len comes and sees him prepared and you can see his fat belly uplifted and life. 2) The dead end area where the actor playing Rosalie is killed. He looks like he has to listen to the instructions and takes his best time to die while considering the way. 3) How does the boy who plays the father of Roaslie give Andy Griffith the poor of the poor? The area where he laughs on male boys died was a strange hoot. In fact the child is a very bad film and is very bad even with cheese levels of 70 if you want. This is not a B film but it is like a Z film and producer Harry Novak making money close to anything.
