Yes AWA fight anyone can forget about this non-realistic show. First they had a very little interviewer called Marty O'Neil who made "Rock N Roll" Buck Zumhofe looked like a nose nose. Then it was Gene Okerland who was "mad as a wrestler" would say "They were out of time" or "OK ​​to be sure" doing as he was mad but surely being forced. After going to WWF Ken Resneck took even though his mustache seemed like the old soup of the week he was arrested was a very good respondent who "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin mentioned the face of the face that made me fall my seat laughing. After flying the ship then Larry Nelson came to the board which was so bad that Phyllis George would have improved! Then there is Doug McLeod the best presenter to attack ever who made every exciting match with his description of the blow! He was then paid more by the Hockey team in Minnesota North Stars. At the ringside who can forget Roger Kent who mispronouncing the words and sentences were historically As the wrestler was a great "Hes great-on!" He was beaten or beaten in "gussets" or during the hostage "He gave him a penalty" or "piledriver must be banned" after Nick Bockwinkle was using a helpless opponent. (Right Roger as you care!) After the departure of green money (WWF) with Rod Trongard who announced the fashion was good but different.When the wrestler beat a special boot on another boy's talent, he could say “Right before the "or when the wrestler has trouble" Hes in the worst way. " He would also say AWA's worse, more severe, more important, many scientific wrestlers here here! (No extra money! and I saw the yellow color of something that I don't know they want to say. When the check looks at the identification it looks like he wants to do it and so he can run into the nearest closet! Jumpin J im Brunzell was a great dropkick artist who wondered why Greg was his girlfriend. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a wrestler of stars but you wonder why Verne was himself winning against him. (Puhleeeeze!) Then when Vince McMahon will hire Gagnes staff, he would make many of them fight matches. I would like to see the Gagne family said real conflicts now!
