I saw this film, right now, not when it was released and displayed as the best picture of the year here in Israel. and summarizing everything right now, I will say: this is not a good film. This is the second film of Dror Shaul, and it must admit that his first concert and television made it before this image is better. more than this, this is his first attempt in leading the festival. The first works were dancing, and they were interesting and effective. The first thing you need to know if you ever see this film: The 21st century Israel hates Kibbutz and the values ​​it represented since the formation of the land of Israel. The realities of kibbutzim are very bad, and some of them will disappear automatically. Kibbutz, the Hebrew word for a joint, was only a village of members, where the values ​​of equality and socialism were the way of everyday life. and the change in social values ​​and time, it seems now that kibbutz was a place where the spirit of man was treated, locked in the rules of doctrine, without the ticket out. The door of the capitalist ideology and the way of life in the 90s and so far made it very difficult to live. The mad mother in the film is a central example for it. But, I see this film not associated with the good nostalgia of Kibbutz. once, it was a dream of every young couple living in kibbutz and raising children in this beautiful and beautiful environment. but the film shows the opposite. that kibbutz, and socialism techniques, was a kind of madness, and the ideas of things that undermine the freedom of everyone inside. this is the main philosophy of modern modern capitalism: your care is the most important thing. you must put in the middle, and no one else but you are the matter. this is the film philosophy stands, and that's the first sin. If you disagree with me on the political side, I am sure you will agree that acting, the sound of the film, is the script and is the focus of the following four sins. The film has no visual labels and no one shots is something to remember. it is also a very "stylish", a wonder that is not more than a lot of efforts to stimulate emotions, which are not available, not in the film and not for the viewer. it brings nothing but sorrow. <br /> <br /> What! someone can please explain: why did this film win many awards? perhaps because it shows that Israel resembles the whole world, hating human and human values? or perhaps it shows that Israel is "a good place", not to enter into teaching and fanaticism? that we are very real people and good people, feeling, especially when they are fake, as much as you expect us to be? or perhaps because it describes one of the greatest lies of Israel's movies in recent years, a lie that undermines the right of Jewish status? no matter what the answer, it is not good. not for the world, not for the moral and not of the Jews.
