I can't say that this film is awesome, because I have seen bad, but it's not very similar. This program is very confused. I could not think of what is happening and where things were going on. When the movie was over, I was left to cut my head. I looked to the end of the qualification to see if there was something after them that could erase things, but once the credit was over, that's it. I felt like I had a newsletter from one part of the brain to the other on the whole film, without a slight change between the two. <br /> <br /> Character development is very low. I couldn't think when someone was angry or had a hatred for someone. I could not say if half of the characters were just supposed to drink, be stoned, mentally challenged or had a bad actor to show them. This film seems to be based on the view (on the loan, it is difficult to avoid using it when you make a film about a rock singer on the rock band), which should make the development of simple behavior, as many films have already shown the suffering of a victim, or experiment The punishment of heroin trying to come clean. Exhibitions are easy to describe, which explain why many bad films have the abuse of characters. This film, on the other hand, uses the left and right characters, but then tries to keep them as simple as possible. Another problem with the characters is that they seemed to be evicted without explanation. I think it is right because soon it was used to develop characters that I had no chance of knowing any of them, so I never lost any. <br /> <br /> And last but not the least was singing to Sadie. It's bad. Music support is not a winner, but it is often scored by screeches from Sadie's string. I swear that there is one step in the movie where he sings a song for at least 10 minutes. I thought so much that I would need to wipe it off during the tones. Overall, this film combines. Traders have not been made, Georgia's work is hard and tough, Sadie's character is given from one bad situation to another, without a backward story or explanation. Music was inconsistent, and I can't think of good reasons to see this film unless you have a thirst for movies.
