The appearance of the dirt of the life of the beautiful life is not good for the cultural story of the boy's life in kibbutz, but the religious degradation of Kibbutz in general. In the first two minutes of the movie, a cow-milking cow lays one of its calves. And it is descending from there for the issue of characters representing "kibbutznikim". In addition to the two main characters, a woman with clinical problems with her young son, everyone else in kibbutz is a great caricature of good evil. The story describes how kibbutz, like some form of worship, reduces mother and son slowly by despair and what follows. No fun, no fun, no laughter in this kibbutz. Each character / situation represents different groups of human tragedies like misogyny, hypocrisy, violence, worship, oppression, etc. For example, when the protagonist is a very good European looking for a 12-year-old boy? her big brother is a typical boy of the perfect kibbutz with her appearance of "jewish" and brutal personality. He is more concerned about depriving foreign volunteers than the health of his dead mother. He treats these volunteers as trash. After his younger brother begged him to visit his dead mother who has never seen him for his military service, he ordered, Quote? "Linda, go go shower with me cum in two minutes." <br /> <br /> There is one other "good" character in this film ?? A European visitor who plays a lover of a wife. When the animal shepherd tries to beat the mother, the boy defends himself by breaking the hand of the rice. He was taken out of the kibbutz then with the "violent" behavior against the kibbutz members. More hypocrisy: An angry French woman and a school teacher preaches that sex cannot happen before the age of 18, or without love and gives an account of a real act that should be of interest to the audience, but it is only true stupid. He undoubtedly finds the head of the kibbutz in the fields which therefore closes the mother of the little boy when his mental health takes the place of the worst. <br /> <br /> This video shows the kibbutz as a form of worship. The children come out of their beds in the middle of the night and are brought to worship where they give their allegiance to the fields recognized by the Kibbutz elders. Mother seems unable to "run" kibbutz, though in fact, anyone was / is always free to come and go as they choose. It is a secret how the boy's father died, but you can make sure, kibbutz "drove them" and his parents living are other unresponsive and worried characters that lessen the mother and child. It is the essence of this movie. One character of the direction, the drama, the show, and the wrong message that is trying to try the hammer on the audience's head? Kibbutz's life was causing, sad and even death for those who were not "entering." I feel for someone who made this film? definitely had a bad experience growing in kibbutz. But I feel like he took a few kernel facts about the life of kibbutz and made them a great atomic bomb.
