Home only 3 is one of my movies that are not recommended. It is a cream of the crop, or s *** if you like to be more concerned, if you are increasing (or down) there and things like World Wars and Obstacles: Viva Rock Vegas. In fact, it could be worse than the two, for those two at least intermittently made me laugh with their ignorance. This caused me to have constant pain and clapping when credit began to decline. No other movie has made me beat. Now I will explain exactly why this film is very awesome. First, the plot is ridiculous. It involves around the chip in a remote car (?!) Which is corrupted and how these terrorists want. Dumb things. The ongoing action is the same as that of the Two Alones of Home, with all the boobytraps and all, but watching these boobytraps are, instead of being funny, they are not too much to look at. I did not laugh (or even very much like a smile) once, instead, I used regularly and hoped that the terrorists would be nail nail. Birds, instead of providing comic aid, did not have unfunny and angry. Acting, as was done by a group of no names, among the poor and angry. No one good performance here. Alex D.Linz is quite the opposite and does not know as a child, when terrorists are doing (and judging by the features of their films, see if they have been evolving quickly on the street ... and well, that's it. I can see some people saying: "Man, it's for children. Don't take, someone." Well MAN, children can love this, but they can get to hell for the most beautiful conditions. Check out Monsters Inc and Toy Story before you even consider getting this out. Hell, even Scooby Doo and Garfield (which feeds - see this view for more) is better than this! In short, this is a non-emotional movie. This was clearly published in the currency, almost almost the first two; The only thing it is, it totally insults the first two as well. No man, child or otherwise, should find any reason to see Home alone 3. Ever. It's very bad <br /> <br /> star 0/5
