Clint Eastwood is Bronco Billy, leader of the West West group, one of the six regular misfits that include a struggling-to-break demonstration. The seventh member of the group is a woman, Billy's assistant, but such women have not lived long, and that position is normal. Enter Antoinette Lilly (Sandra Locke? Girl of Eastwood at that time). It seems Miss Lilly, as Doc (Scatman Crothers) calls him, is a heiress who could only receive his late deceased estate if he is married when he returns 30, so on the night of his birthday he gets hitched to Geoffrey Lewis cartoonish. So, is it a plot of this film? It's hard to say. There is a romantic tension between Billy and Miss Lilly, but the problem is that for the first half of the movie she is so proud and deception that when she suddenly becomes 'one of the' group's half-way film, it's not just amazing, but the audience has loved take care of him. There is a great lack of money behind the Wild West show, but this theme did not affect the top of the fact that it is indeed an etre of the film. There is a problem of Miss Lilly being beaten in the west of the country, cutting and money that threatens his life of luxury damage (by mistake has been lost to his family and the media). But should we really believe that he cannot return to New York and his fortune waiting if he gave a little effort? No, the action of this film appears to be Billy's family leader, a losing group of losing who depend on a thick and thin way. This is a hot film, of fuzzy? or at least tries to be. On the way, Clint shows us his skills for guns, even undermining the bank robbery in a bullet which is very far in a non-violent film. One of the group has been tied to the previous payment of the draft; Billy corruption sheriff of the local. The tent show is burning; orphans make them new. But many common problems do not make a conspiracy. Overall the problem is acting, or lack of it. In addition to the Crothers of the Scatman, hand cures are completely amateurish. Eastwood is not about its game or, although it looks just because it is surrounded by a group of deficit. And for all this, the film continues for 116.6 minutes. Why? Good question? <br /> <br /> 4 out of 10
