This was one of the films that found tons of play on the airwaves in the early 1970s, usually on the "Movie 4am" or one time, at 7:30 "Channel 6 Big Movie" and yet another on the Feature Feature feature. localities used to run movies as part of their local programming (especially gone today for infomercial time) It was time. The low-tax brokers Abbott and Costello (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) have been in the squad of a half (a half dozen in the Army Army forces) who are sent to the operation of the field to watch strange radios, and lift the wind extraterrestrials. They first go to Bronson Canyon to go to what will later be the famous Batcave on the BATMAN, and meet the remains of a dead "carrot". Later, in the cave they are driven by a living carrot living-essentially a young man in black suit and head mache head, with sparkly objects on it and ping-pong ball eyes. Two of them-perfect geek, Ray and Ball-are captured with a closed-bound table and are "exploring" with amazons-Dr Poona (nooo kidding!) And Professor Tanga who is stunningly beautiful and even moreso in their skimpy bikini "uniform" . We were very young at the time, so that we would describe the condition of slavery and the future fetish this "inquiry" area would have much more to recommend. It turns out that the two gals and their monster's carrots, have been hit the earth with a well-kept ship and tries to return to their world. The film was done as a general comedy and degrees of taste but this note was when Eric Von Zipper and his employees from Frankie and Annette films, were the length of B film, driving. So it seemed only natural to fly on the bandwagon for some quick bucks. <br /> <br /> For some reason I just thought I would like to see this movie start with. No, I saw it completely. And it was released on the DVD "restored" I was assured in my memory. Comedy goes from softly funny to just stupid, but nothing. The budget does not exist, which, is a little miracle when you think about it, that even made and we can talk about "restored" version here and now-over 40 years later. The benefits are girls who want to learn about "love" and "kissing" and, upshot is the geeks-which we all got girls and love succeeds. It's just a sudden and silly and for places, has a nostalgic significance.
