Syriana dismissed critics about the release and everything seemed to be hit on that. I think it's one of these films that are very intelligent ... so it's mind that I think you need to be well aware in the oil and intelligence brilliant industry. I do not think I am unwise, I have been learning politics since my young children and I enjoy a video of mind but for the most part except it is a documentary document that has a particular sense of entertainment and also has a message. Syriana tried to have a strong mind and turns others away. I would also like to say that those who are involved in it and insist that 10/10 are false because they think they seem to be better. This film was more mixed, meaningless, meaningless of the walking I saw for some time ... Especially considering the immediate acceptance, Oscar nods, and cast. Author of the screenplay Stephen Gaghan has disappointed again. His woroc badly written this film and I think he tries a very difficult way. I can't believe that he was given the opportunity to write a screenplay of Da Vinci Code. On top of that Gaghan inspired a film that made it quite aggressive. I didn't know anyone who was, why things were happening, who and what. It was a catastrophe. <br /> <br /> Because I don't know who anyone I could just mention administrators and what I thought about their performances because despite the very bad script participants did well. George Clooney plays C.I.A. a field agent and killers think? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been my pastor but soon she has managed to overcome the decent performances and this seemed to be a good performance on her side. Barnes was a bad habit and the history of evil and if I knew what was going on I would enjoy his behavior. Matt Damon plays with Bryan Woodman and he is bland and always looks like grass in the head heads that I can understand his chaos after reading this script and then trying to do it. Amanda Peet has his wife and is doing well in a few cases given. Christopher Plummer looks like someone doing something. I love Plummer and love to see him show even though it does not get the bills again. It is sent to the edge only if the story becomes wise. I would like to give you a quote for the info on IMD. "The cursor disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: Emirate's successor gives oil to China, cutting out a US company that once fire its migrant workers to join a small company that stands in Kazakhstani oil contract Department of Justice condemns corruption, and The company's oil company regulates the finance of the CIA.A also requires one when its plan to kill Emir-definitely fails. Auctioneer Bob Barnes, a fall, offers a double cross. CIA wants to die. Unemployed traders are joining a basic group. Who is it now? Syriana could be a movie of someone who thinks but it struck me and no matter how hard I tried to stay with it, I finally surrendered and closed after an hour and a half and could not give me enough so that I could finish. I think if you want to create a comment instead of all the way you look but I encourage someone looking for entertainment or a fun film to sleep in the first half. 1/10
