Wha-BAM! Someone was happy to eat all the mushrooms-mushroom trucks and then finally this excuse for the image of motion! Author Howard Cohen adds the concept of "Sword & Pastor" to S, more than S, like Sex, Silliness, (more) Sex and Foolish! This is not just a movie, this is all the dreams of young folks and fantasies come! "Deathstalker" has all: blood, violence, troll, female mud competition, attempted to rape, make successful rape, life pigs (!), Bad hairstyles, muscle damage, various sexual violence, gay fighters , to-death, delightful witches, despair, arrogant criminals and boobs, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" fills the floor with his apparent image "Conan: Scholar" when it comes to happiness and flamboyance. The story is, obviously, of little importance. Personally and homosexual (just does not know yet) hero Deathstalker goes to the mission, as ordered by an angry witch, collecting three beautiful elements of creation? or something like that. On his journey he combines forces with a man-beat-man, a fighter who even a widow than he and - last but not a little - a luscious woman who does not seem to be a great support of the concept of bras. Together they go to the ultimate kingdom of the worst Munkar where they will take part in the competitions of the fighters and win under two of the three. Munkar is a pig with a half-pig spider on his skull and an attractive harem that could even make him a very strong oil. Okay, it has been given, "Deathstalker" is very bad and sometimes even the proposed movie. The process of fighting is the lame and clothing and the effects of doing it become furious. For a while, when looking at the opening chain, I was afraid I was looking at "Troll, Prequel". Creatures look at the beauty and the exact opposite as horrible, but it is an unlikely entertainment if you are in an unpleasant situation. I think this is not among women, since the overall picture of women is a certain amount of discrimination. Most of the gals are used only as eye candy in harem. They are allowed to crawl on the naked floor and play around with mud, but largely do not want to open the mouth. Two women "leading" (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are fighting but - with all honesty - if it is not for their developed racks, they will not be able to mention the value, either.
