... Or, precisely, it's so bad that you will have time of your life laughing your ass when you look! James Sbardellati's "Deathstalker" of 1983 is certainly one of the worst crops of sword planning and pastoralism has brought together, but it is very amusing. Acting is awesome, the plot is a clean skin, and the effects and images can not be more than an amateur. But it is a bad act, cheesy effects, and many errors, which makes this film very good. Deathstalker (Rick Hill) is very powerful and knowledgeable. One day, a good teacher serves him to connect three powers of chaos and creation, sword, tasty and cup, to open the world from its cruel ruler, wicked king and magician Munkar. Get a sword is very simple, but amulet and chalice are the possession of Munkar. Fortunately, the wicked king has set up a race in which the skilled warriors are fighting to death. The winner takes the place of the king. Of course, the king does not want anyone to take his place, so he plans to kill the winner (instead of just making the first race). Deathstalker is not only to gain three powers of creation, but also to save the old, beautiful princess of the good king (Barbi Benton) from the evil of the evil Munkar. Luckily, she can not be bored on her way to the race, because it is allowed to beat the brave female hero Kaira (Lana Clarkson) at the same time ... <br /> <br /> Film has a lot, very powerful stupid and funny scenes. Some of my favorite events include: <br /> <br /> - Deathstalker gives a bad person with his sword. The head falling, however, is not the boy's head. The head of the collapse had a red goate, when the boy was burned with Deathstalker had black hair and beard. When the behavior of a female soldier Kaira (Lana Clarkson) is brought, it appears first black clothes, hiding her face and body. Ogris (Richard Brooker) who loves the deathstalker (Richard Brooker) is fighting him, and during the war to fight his garment (which he is, of course topless) opens, revealing his breast. Her breast is the first thing we saw Lana Clarkson, even before her face. <br /> <br /> - The ultimate winner of Deathstalker has to fight in the race, is a great guy with a human body and a pig's head. - Evil Munkar has a bit of evil-bound evil. He feeds a small human eye and fingers. There are many other non-fun, hilarious, and extraordinary things. Acting is awesome but Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson at the end of it are candy-eye, and though I described this film as 'no wonder funny', sometimes I had a feeling that some actors were quite aware of how crappy movie is. There is a fair amount of year, and a female feminine vote to keep the viewer acceptable. "Deathstalker" is a very amazing movie, but I still recommend it very much. People with a sense of humor will have a lifetime!
