Woosh ??! Man? Can I say ...? <br /> <br /> Opening section, maybe? We see a group of non-members of the village who have a devastating impact on the walls of some ruins. They move around and attack some dude and a beautiful girl wearing clothes. Dude runs away, and the journalists follow him and one of them sits behind to lay a girl, but instead reveals one of his breast and kidnaps him. Then, the dude (still runs) sees the horse and tries to steal. Quickly ?? The colored hero of the god who looked like a bad wig looked, saying "That's my horse!". The death of the Power of Death has just made his appearance. Journalists arrive, Deathstalker kills all (including dude) in the sound of western Mexicanos inappropriate (this is supposed to be Flick & Witch flick, why includes 'trompettos'?), And then goes up to the girl's he captures and reveals all his breasts. He begins to beat the girl that destroyed them like that. He likes to love his lips and hurt the death of Deathstalker. Only when they are going to go down, this old dude looks, what could be the end of the perfect day for Deathstalker (and possible a perfect end for short film). <br /> <br /> Now tell me? What? It is not something that a woman can turn off the movie with fury, or another male viewer could say "This will be one of the hell of a good movie!" The program is as easy as throwing a kitten from the balcony: Deathstalker must get the Sword of Justice and steal the Amulet's Life and Chalice of Magic from the evil Munkar witch. A decrease in blood, blood loss, random anti-pig and a shy struggle of shame, this film also has a large amount of t ts & $ shots. I had previously added one extra step to this movie for every free hair hair I could count. After 9 points (even even half on the movie), I had to stop counting. It was despising me from all the films. And the remaining film was worth. All things. Check out this cat's mutant / creature as a bug Munkar has as a pet and which gives eyeballs and fingers. And here is an interesting question: What? What would you do if someone in the woman's body entered your room and tried to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: You hit him slightly, take a knife and try to kiss. Then you find out that she is not really a woman, then throw her out of your bed and tell her to leave your room. It works well, I tell you. Deathstalker does it too, and through Deathstalker, it's the right way! <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a good movie, in fact, as described in other comments. Criminals are bad. Women are delicious. There is blood, sex, violence, rape and chickens. There is a very trivial contest that only shows a group of worries blowing, blowing and blowing out each other. My favorite weapon used in the tournament was a huge wooden hammer, used to beat the poor candidate for blood plasma. And my opponent who loved was undoubtedly a single fool with the head of Warthog (remember the Gamorrean Guard from DOING JEDI). I will not reveal how the film is approaching, but just prepare for ravish in joy when I tell you the way 4 dismemberment is thrown at the movie peak. And of course, there is a good display of ineptitude in the entire movie. Look at the boy playing behind the horse on the dirt road, and the next picture shows that it is sown on grass (no road). Note that the amazing tattoo on the head of the witch turns round within the same area (on the left side of his head, and the other on the right). Well, after all, Munkar is a witch. That is, this film was shot in another world where things like "continue" are not only available. I enjoyed this and as I expect other 3 items in this series, I have enough left coins that are left in me will not allow this film to pass. However, I am prepared to give them a maximum of small points, so I may be able to pass several points for the less likely sequels to follow. DEATHSTALKER can be a very good layout, shock and evil CONAN, also a filthy movie.
