I was looking for a video of India last night with a friend trying to get a good movie of fear to look at the New Year's weekend. When I was looking through the shelf, "I was broken" I saw my eye, and I used it on the shelf and it looked like it could be a movie of honor B-grade horror. The vaccine was good. The program showed half of the interesting. So I used it. What an error. Don't show with a lid, which looks good. I think that a lot of money was spent on the photo of the cover than the movie itself. The film monitors two police investigators who are looking for the shadow of the "Voodoo-inspired" killers, who urges the left and right victims in an unknown city (perhaps Los Angeles), and they enter the world of common murder. <br /> <br /> Sound story is very good? Well, it is, and this film can be half of respect. But the good God, it was bad! Almost everything about it was interesting. The opening area shows a single red-colored actor in the car trying to talk about this great, non-existent phone, and for any reason, goes out and talking to someone. Then, the shadow comes behind them, it breaks its head, and the girl falls down and begins to crawl (without any reason) when trying to make a 911 call. Yes, you are a bet. The whole movie looks like it was done on the camera's high quality VHS, and I think it was. Acting was very bad, and special effects were far from reliable. And the events and the police on the phone were bad - the voice on another line was contributing to it and it looked like it was written in someone's bathroom. Everything about this movie was very romantic and stubborn, and it had no interest for me so long, and I was often surprised and exhausted, especially due to the worst acting and awesome movies. The pacing was bad. Everything was wrong. Overall, "Closed" is an attempt to fail of what can be a respected B movie. The plan was good and I think if this film was taken well and had a big budget, it would be the same. But this film fell on the face. If you expect a decent thing, you will be very disappointed. It is recommended only if you can tolerate the D-grade horror flicks. Otherwise, maybe you want to stay away from this direct to video. It had little power, but it was more aggressive. 1/10.
