Okay, I would like a bad feeling. I especially love the worst fear enough to make fun. Demonicus, or the House of the Dead - those were bad enough to laugh. Released was not. It was worse. What do you think? (/ demolition - who cares?) / What is my friend and I sat in the entire film, and I have several comments, in this style "triggers" and in a realistic view. <br /> <br /> Plot (type) - There is someone in this city (which is possible to Seattle, check out comments below) who runs around to cut off heads. He has been doing it for more than a year (I am not returning to find real numbers - thank you very much), maybe two or three years. One per week. And the police are soon called to "expert" (who ONCE describes himself as a psychic, but that never come again). <br /> <br /> Schya right! Feds takes after, what is it, killed three by clinging? AFTER KILLLY KILLINGS IN THE HOME WE SHOULD HAVE BEEN BEING BLESSED !!!!! However, this "professional" looks at the bed of voodoo that the police have neglected all the time, and these two come to conclude that it's Baron Samedi, the spirit of voodoo, who cuts off the head to get enough power to make the body (and then maybe take the world - or maybe just go to Disneyland. <br /> <br /> Um. <br /> <br /> Set - where does this happen? Well, if you come from Seattle, you may not know that on a bar / rave (associated with ten film members and family members), there is a poster at the local radio station, and that in a very-entertaining, "Pulp Fiction" esqe dialog ( as IF) between two soldiers (yes, those who get their heads for 15 minutes in flick) discuss the "new field" which can still be an issue when this movie was released. From Seattle, I apologize to the movie and mind my head for shame. Well, here's where it is very important - to be an awesome movie writer (not published, don't go looking for my name on IMD), I do research. Common research. And unlike the filmmakers of this film, I know that Baron Samedi - during the spirit of Voudon (spirit) who protects the cemetery and is usually associated with (and the oppressive Christians) and "Satan" - in fact "the" savior of "Loki" god. In other words, he can not cut the heads. Besides, most of Voudoun's religion is that Baron Samedi can have a body whenever he wants. Their religious festivals surround the empire of various members of the congregation and loa. Do not mention, if already has someone, why do you make a new body? Also, if Baron Samedi will become a body, he did not want to go head cutting, he would get a good rum with cigarettes and par-TAY !!! In summary, the only thing they did to get (amazingly) right is that in reading the entire Tarot card read (used only to show that the voodoo sheep is "spooky") did not delete the interpretation of the card as many films do. Again, I have done research. (Anyone who remembers an old ad-late announcement for reading in tarot - "Dear friends - you will soon fall in love ..." and all worthless?) my opinion, thank you. And I'm going back again. I will be more sympathetic if you feel the need to watch the movie because of me, so please don't do it.
