I must admit that this "think again" of the original 1968 film was a great disappointment. Especially when you are considered that this is the movie Tim Burton. He defends one of the original nature and, I can say, the cool directors of Hollywood produces. I am a great fan of his work, but something big was wrong with his recent flick, The Planet of Waa. I enjoyed the original film. When they first came out the people only expected a false scientific film of 70 cheezie, but it was very surprising and very careful that the idea was not wrong. It had a clear cut message. A clear mission to fight the war. The fear of the cold war, where it was taking the world and the fear of nuclear weapons was a major role in the minds of film makers. These reasons have made the film more likely than any other expectation. Although, a new film, "renew" or nothing, leaves us without anything. No message, no wishes behind it. It's anything else of winter summer. View Tim Burton's view. Dark and interesting settings were good and of course to do was strict. It is clear that it is not enough to consider people in the film. There must be an exciting plot or story. In this film the plot is not very good and is widely considered. The script is very crippled and full of gaps. It looks like this film is written very fast. Description of why the apes there, and why ruled the planet was really stupid and has shown authors-writers ignorance. It raised many questions, which had no satisfactory answers. <br /> <br /> For example; Why did monkeys speak English? What? How could his seeds turn into a great lift for every species of monkeys in thousands of years? (I mean it took a few years to get out of the monkey to man!) And finally, the end of the worst was just a dumb. It is possible only to be cast because the original film had the same end, then they felt that the audience were expecting that end. Finally, it raises a lot of questions, which I know, do not mind. Did Theid learned to work on a space ship? And it says that it will be done, I doubt the doubt that history would be the same, if Washington would be built as it is today! (I mean there is no big banana instead of memory?) Well, just say something right about the film. Some cast was good. Helen Bonham Carter's behavior was interesting and well done, such as Tim Roth as Theid. He was very good, very small in some parts of the film. Michael Clark Duncan was also good. I was not happy with Marc Whalberg. He is not a lot of actor, and plays here with very low color eyes. It is very unknown and nothing compared to the nature of Hestons in nature. And the main character of the female had no reason or place in the film. He was beaten just for looks. Can't say a word in the entire film. Well, I think that the next time people think about the api Planet, they will think about the original. Recently it will forget.
