This film is another of Tim Burton's director of isolation on a common header to bring his 'vision' to the screen. He has done with 'Batman', 'Sleepy Hollow' and now. This is not a remake. The only thing with nature is that it has simians that can speak (and Charleton Heston makes a cameo). Burton has renewed the whole story, sprinkling it to the presenter of today's mass. <br /> <br /> The original Api planet was the product of its time. During the 1960's the United States tried to correct its civilization. It was a difficult time to find a soul and reflect on social principles. It was during civil rights that long-term groups were considered poorly observed. In this case, POTA was a model, showing a philosophical idea that meets the audience of that day. POTA was an intellectual film that gave hard questions and was done to the full extent of US violence to investigate by making a white man to justify his mind for a kind that he considered inferior. Dalaliki between Colonel Taylor (Charleton Heston), Dr. Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) and Dr. Zira (Kim Hunter) was thought to persuade them to be wise and discreet. Burton is a lot of modern products as POTA was sixty years. This is Apes for Dummies. It is up and jejune, changing the political position appropriate for intellectual dialogue and focusing on more forms than substances. At the end of 'amazing' it is quite enough and does not give anything to the film except the cliffhanger which sets the series. Although the end of the previous POTA connected everything together in one power area, the end of Burton motivates the audience, trembling, 'I know what you do not know, and you will need to wait for the good to know. '<br /> <br /> From a technical perspective, as was the Burton film, the film is the best. The shapes are amazing and the function of the Burton camera is good (although I continue to love its dark look). However, thirty-three years of successful production of beans can not pay compensation for the absence of the script. <br /> <br /> The story has decreased to the monster movie. Man's band together behind Captain Davidson (Mark Wahlberg) to fight with the mysterious soldiers, assisted by reduced cuts and a few turncoats (especially Helena Bonham Carter as Ari). Presentation is a formulaic and simple with many violence, perfect for quick thinking of today's food. The role is played. Mark Wahlberg is a good actor who is only mentioned in this role. Walberg is very good to play dark, disruptive characters who suffer but are powerful. This section requires a dynamic hero, an infinite biography on the Wahlberg repertoire. Helena Bonham Carter is a brilliant actress whose character is now under his capabilities that cutting is interesting. He tries to do something with a flimsy attitude, but his interpretation offers as a cross between the peacekeeper of the college and loving the sick patient <br /> <br /> Then there Tim Roth. Its a function of virtuoso, one-handedly save the film from total destruction. Roth is a silent hatred as a Craving Curiosity. He builds one of the most despicable and despicable people I can remember at a certain time. In addition, his physical work is very good, giving a chimp man who is perfect meld that one can almost believe that such a species exists. <br /> <br /> This film is a great passion. It's a good entertainment, when you look at your brain at the door. I beat 3/10. From a technical perspective is better than that, maybe 9/10. However the story is insulting to the original franchise. It is another Burton attempt in personal adulation, using a common header to attract people to the box office so that many people can see what the view is. Of course it is true, but it would be good if he used that talent to produce a great film, instead of a simple paper designed for great use.
