If there is one thing that is very sensitive to a bad film, it sees it happening with filmmakers who should know it well. This "think again" of the Api Planet may have other ideas, say there are no important aspects of the development of the character. Nova, the girl at the original Apes Planet, was a better character than Daena in this version, for all that does not say one word. Indeed one was expecting very well from Tim Burton, a man who has so far joined a strange sense of intellect, magic and humor, all of which was largely absent. <br /> <br /> There were problems in the development of the plot. The first big mistake was to let people talk. This was the basic difference between apes and men who made * different * in the original film. Even when he was mute, his ability to communicate was shown to Taylor's Heston as different from other human beings. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages the (speaking) rebels, but there is no greater reason to be reluctant to repeat their liberation already. They are users of multiple devices and are able to communicate in order to create settings, something that humans cannot do. It does not require someone to fall from the star to save them. Indeed, since it comes from the technological civilization and finds itself in the technological era before (for the first time) any gadgets to help him, it is the Wahlberg who should be at a loss, not the people used to live there. It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working very hard to produce some kind of spark between himself and the non-duty wall of Mark Wahlberg. His best performances were Tim Roth host. People were often ignored until they were needed in the third act, while Daena began to show the real intentions of Davidson (Wahlberg), and a young boy suddenly changed from a part of history to the gung-ho free leader. . This was a poor development of behavior. (Estella Warren, in particular, appeared as if she could be more capable than given in the script). Wahlberg has bothered at the end and what these people see in him was actually shared with me, because he has interacted with mankind. Create a monkey: half with two steps: Ape preparation was ideal for men, especially Michael Clarke Duncan who has very good eyes (which is why he was very good at The Green Mile), and the design of The makeup allowed him to use it fully. But women were not seen as anything in the world, nor was the smell or human. The cargo was flying to the star which was looked like real like the Flash Gordon rocket: flying monkeys looked like they would have just been expelled from the catapult, they did not have a long grace of real apes. Secondly, the poor voice mixing - while the gorilla scream is visible from certain animals, perhaps feline, and make them worried and uncertain. <br /> In the original film, various "human" visa and say they are dealt with as a light aid ("I never knew the string I did not like." "Man, see, man do it!"). Here, monkeys talk about a real-like thing like the 21st century people do, and there is no humor in it. The only original nature was Ari writing on his feet. Nothing is going to make me more than "V-Ger from Star Trek" at the end of the film. First of all, it seems that grasses could read Roman letters in the past, so that they could know the name of the Universe of the Earth by its hidden form. Secondly, the inscription of the emerging secret is the only name covered by sand which Wahlberg comes out, anything else that can do centuries ago. This time, for me, is worse than the end of the movie goals. The natural elements of this nature, however, are the most common of today's false movies. Returning to the '60s' and 70's, generally did not have a budget to make suitable sets, but were concerned with the real themes and ideas that were true science. I think in 2001: The Odyssey Stadium, the 1967 Api Planet, THX1138, Soylent Green, Running Silent and Solaris of 1972. The first planet of the Apes even used the only scientific and physical means of travel time. However, this film involves only about all the worst of science fiction going to: storm positions, barriers and holes of the bug directly out of Star Trek; The planet's solar system and their months seem all together as great globes (actually from one planet, other bodies, even their months, are just points of light); a common rocket trick used to travel from Saturn to Earth for a minute instead of years; The two-year-old equipment is running and working full-time hero takes hold of the button. Say nothing to the door in the mirror of the bulletproof. In a modern setting, you would like to describe * why * it was evidence of shooting, but because it is "false science" is not recommended! Overall, Burton's most desperate film.
