Caution: Galore traders! Tim Burton dancing this sui generis film is almost like to fix Psycho - oh, in fact, some of the idiot has already done so - I relax my case. The new movie opens by photography for chimpnaut, confirming he is not smart since the beginning. Marky Mark looks at the bullet without the uniforms that show, then turns down with a clear woman who prefers touch of chimpanzi. The revelation that builds the bullet of the spinning space of Saturn because no clear, interior ship-bustle and genetic experiments on apes. We must travel 1,300 km to Saturn to do these experiments? The special effects team commands. Marky's Chimp is lost in the 60-film movie-time video of Warp. Marky then shows the safety of the center of the space to avoid violations by stealing the pod without anyone noting, at the same time pointing out its great ignorance in preparing a message to save the deep space into the bug hole for a comprehensive test, and a million dollar vehicle before anyone can say "Remake Unreported" Marky has added a shaft of the shaft, fell on an alien planet, took off his hat without any thought of damage to the sky and is being chased through the sound action that is almost identical. with lush rain forest, if not for kliegs to fix plastic trees. <br /> <br /> Surprise! It is an APES to do chasing - or at least, it will be * been surprised if no one has seen the Api Planet of three and three years. Since Mark Marky did not show his poetry, take down his pants, or rob him of his white whiteboy rap, he had no character. Michael Clarke Duncan's teeth have been incorporated in very deception in establishing * his lack of behavior. Helena Bonham-Carter (angry chimp activist), for losing without Shakespearean script, did a good job to leave Marky and Clarke as the majority of Ward Cardboard. Paul Giamatti, an orangutan slave trader, confirmed the role of the aid of the version and the version of klutz. Although I have bills in hearing the puns related to this film, one of the reviews was taken on the essence of this Ape Planet to think '': 'Apes Of Roth'. While other people were walking on the look like extra from Million Millions of BC or Greystoke, Tim Roth, like Chimpanzee's Thread, played a large amount of environment and screamed. As exciting as his exhibition of the Psychological Psychology was, his character was not an arc of character: Thad is bad when we first meet him ... and he is pretty much at the same level of madness at the end of the film. A pleasant blow. The previous POTA (1968) showed the leading character, Taylor of Charlton Heston, who was so disappointed with man that he left the world for a chance to repent - but if the film continued, Taylor would not find himself tied to the war to prove the value of human beings - as their only champion! The original film was finally the tribulation, not salvation: when Taylor hides the image of independence, he has to realize that its forms are not present. Is there anything that is caused by cerebral or pride for Leo Marky Mark? Or Roth's? No, but there is plenty to run. <br /> <br /> Slogans cry: Take Back to Planet. But it's the APES planet. In this film, human beings and apes disappeared together, men have declined in adults, allowing infants to get weapons and physical weapons; monkeys reserved to inherit the planet! Together comes Marky Mark, in real pride of pride, taking the chance that human beings should be insect animals, just because they are there. 'Taking it' is a trivial matter if the children of birds arrive here in 2001, complaining, 'The planet where people changed from APES ?? !! 'and then cause trouble and their anus of overacting with hair. Heston was dumped POTA 1968 because he had established his reputation as a maverick: he was Ben-Hur, Michelangelo, Moses! In order to throw him as an animal, the animal that was strangled in a guest society was attracted to the expectations of the audience: how to want the world to be where our Charlton cannot order honor? Mark's Marky has now proved that he has small sores. Although Heston had been regularly placed by the council, he led the screen with his charisma and widespread widespread. While Mark Marky tries to involve the magical people, it is like someone who is not interested in school at school is being tracked by class, who tells you to stop drawing penises on the board and put a shoe. Burton tries to strengthen Marky on the icon of mankind, but comes as a chaveant kittering. In the early film, boys see Taylor being a greedy, but he was, for the audience and the same young people, the icon of humanity. Explain again. It was appropriate that the person who raised the area-chewing technique to act - Heston - should play the father of this film's primo film, Thaddeus Roth. As a Roth pastor, Charlton explains his immortal verses, he turned against PEOPLE this time, 'Destroy them! Destroy them all in hell! '<br /> <br /> movie gets dumb and dumber towards the end. When Thaddeus gives Marky a lesson of hitting the donkey, the pod comes from the top and chimpnaut of Marky into it. Women show their deficiency by bragging with this unknown creature, while Marky expresses her feelings by mixing, 'Let's teach these monkeys about evolution. 'First, not monkeys, you! Second, it was the destruction of nature and the formation of the plot that brought the monkeys to this point, not the evolution. And what you want to teach by removing them from the hidden lasergun is called destruction, not evolution. The end of misleading confuses the viewers only to believe that half of the Estonian half of Nekkid was actually involving the conspiracy (that is still my pants.) \ t of man; Finally, the fighters took Marky to the Plot Point Prison where he finally heard, 'It's madhouse! A MADHOUSE !! ... '
