Spoiler alert? though I think this was spoiled from the outside? It's even hard to imagine that the film with these stars, from this studio, made at this time, can be bad, but it is. It's the biggest film that is not worth any feeling of damage. A widow of the United States-old Penn Gaylord leaves her little daughter “responsible” and goes to World War I where she is killed. Then we shine forward to present the day (1942) with a total mix. Three sisters are in court where they say they have lived twenty years ago, and some delegates called Barclay are trying to take their home away from them. This is the beginning of a non-responsive series of questions that includes a script, more holes in it than the Warren Report. What happened to Gaylord's luck? If sex has a half-billion worth, why does the family house have gone out of the big house in the Munsters? Who the devil is this clown of Barclay? And why can he take someone's house away from them? Questions are incorporating more questions. Often George Brent's favorite and interesting play Barclay, who is largely sod mixing everyone, taking whatever she wants regardless of who is without a sense of guilt; but no one more than Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) seems to like this cretin. Why? None of these questions have been answered. We instead just follow the life of Fiona from one train to another, the bad Barclay takes his home, his fortune, and even his child. What does he do? What? To put a fire? No, it is also logical. In a very unhealthy form of connectivity, this woman, who is a sexual partner before Barclay was, except for marital knowledge, rape, suddenly decides the middle sentence (literally) that does not hate her, loves her. And they will live happily. Suddenly for no reason on earth, this model of the woman's model of independence and authority is changed to the normal size of non-immune-protection of the most commonly available in this movie. Yes, indeed, you have everything in the world that is mine and I will fall in love with you. What is the planet that happens? I can only think why I have never heard of this film before it happened to find it on Turner is that it was lost to modern viewers as it is today.
