I would like more movies were two hours long. On the other hand, I would like to see the United States of the United Nations World War I had been two hours long. "He went with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - that's about the height that I am looking for; although the two were at least welcome to so much hours they continued; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it did because the things were done during the period. <br /> <br /> By comparison Ang Lee's film is broken and does not know. It really feels like it takes less than two hours. That's not thanksgiving. In fact it is not different from any other form of sensitivity: when you suspect it will not be the end, it seems that it does not last long. The film comes from leg error, as Lee plays with its unsatisfactory attributes. Finding the opening posts (a bad mistake) that we are brought to certain characters we hate at once and we will eventually hate them. The middle is Jake, the German immigrants who are Lincoln's supporters, and Jack, the South-South as the same as Jake. (I had to read the sentence again to ensure that I did not write "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some time or illegally.) Both are going to be "fighters" - South militia longing to take revenge and violence that they cannot even be confused to join. The official South African army, which I think they think is for sissies. I'm afraid of Lee lost me there. It is easy to feel the characters who make ethical mistakes: if we have a reason to love them, or feel like we know them in some way, then their moral mistakes can make us more concerned. Not so here. We are not properly directed to Jake for at least an hour; when we are, it becomes clear that he is a man who is not a person of a person, who is not a candidate and a choice as a character - a person who speaks and does what everyone around him says and does, his psychology is unique. People who are involved are either good or bad in some way not attractive. I found myself happy whenever the northern rider appeared on the screen. I thought: good - kill rebels, monster war, I would like to go back home. Overall this problem is a bad, horrible conversation. Everyone speaks in the same straightforward voice. I've heard a voice from all the English language and this is the worst. I don't care if the South people didn't talk like that, it's not right to ask the audience to hear it for two hours. And you believe me, we listen for two full hours: Lee's photo is a speaker, because because the characters take a long time to say what they mean in their cycle, they say - everything-three, folksy drawl. It will help if they say faster, but not too much. What? Can't find the most suitable language to communicate? In short: the film is small but the art gallery of non-dominant characters, who talk about the worst form of speech, which do not have a lot of shower, which nothing of interest happens, despite being involved in war. Good words? Jewel was good looking, and so it was the environment. But I have a complaint even here. The movie, well-organized, seemed like a man had caused a color film with black and white color for errors; and for Jewel, we were faced with her body, but we never agreed to look, which I think was little we were owed.
