** SPOILERS ** This was a bad movie, and I'm sorry that I watched it. Like Dobermann's Jan Kounen, he faces many bad changes - or missing. It's like the director liked it and his work was rather than cutting the movie up to the speed that put your thoughts, adding all the photos he had shared together. There are probably two cool pictures in the entire movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is reduced and the camera starts around him. That was cool - but right, we got it! Move on please! The camera won't stop around this person! There is perhaps one or more of the cold events that I forgot about this flood of mediocrity, but the last area of ​​duel is not one of them! It may be because the opposite of the initial planning events, Shanao has not been honored - but because the director could not look at someone who resembles Asano Tadanobu did not give him the right to continue and make 80% of the sword to fight the extreme near-ups the sword fighting! And all from the same angle, I would add. The director should learn from America released in 1995 film movie trailer ninja Hunted! I personally saw the area of ​​the invasion of the village as a tax paid to the civil society of the previous generation who faced the police in a violent demonstration of their college years. The situation where innocence is oppressed by the authorities and the government's unwilling government appears to be a common message in the Japanese media, because of the strong influence of citizens and Communists who are few political. GTO and Salary Man Kintaro films are two more recent examples * END SPOILER * I don't understand. I do not know why people who do not speak the language of the movie find appropriate documents in this. Perhaps the worst was lost in translating. At the end of the film - which the sale is very good, it is a different version of the story collection between Shanao and Benkei. But the story is not very popular in the Japanese celebration, and has been widely taken from the modern theme, that after 138 minutes of high-performance techniques, cares about how the director wants to translate this story! Director Sasaki Hirohisa of Lipo's Lipo said that there is a bad trend among the new Japanese directors to ignore the Japanese audience, focusing on their movies for foreign film festivals - to gain international popularity. This works, even though it is useless, because an interesting international action film is introducing to the world what kind of movies are being done in other countries - what kind of movie people see in those countries. Certainly not Gojoe and so on.
