Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had a great film career before the end. For most of Ollie's films, he was released on the screen as Babe Hardy ... and throughout his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as 'Babe'. When visiting England after the war with Laurel in the act of music by Bernard Delfont, Hardy gave an interview to journalist John McCabe where he described the origin of this nickname: Hardy began shaving from a gay pastor who cut down a hardy cheek (floating on his face) and said 'Good baby!' Hardy traders began to cry 'Babe', and the nickname was gone. Although much of Pre-Laurel's work before Laurel is very interesting - especially her exciting work with the help of Larry Semon and Billy West's Chaplin - her work with Billy Ruge (who? ) in a series of low-budget shorts for Vim Comedy Film Company is very obvious. Hardy and Ruge were given the names of the Plump and Runt screens: the names that did not fit for themselves, but continued to be worse because Ruge (though it is much shorter than Hardy) is not really runt. See here, Hardy looks like he did in his original films of Hal Roach and Laurel ... but without the curls of saliva mate and a little delightful mustache. The most One ', the most common way with the epic runt, is very unfunny ... and its dreichness is made even more clear with the fact that this film has the same as' That is Wife' My ', one of Laurel and Hardy's most hilarious films. Plump (Hardy) is a star star in the house of a restroom run by a large house. Runt (Ruge) is the door. Plump receives a letter from his uncle's uncle John, whose dosh expects to inherit. His uncle comes to see him and meet Plump's wife and child. There is only one problem: The nose does not have a wife and child. She has been sleeping with her uncle to appear to be a family member. Now, of course, Plump expects Runt to find a wife and child for short-term information. Of course, the result is bad. It would be good if the bad results were amazing, but not. The most humorous sense of humor here is just the empty slapstick, and the characters reconcile their arguments to connected in the bathtubs. SPOILERS COMING. Vim Director Do Louis (Who?) Do not show the instinct of the camera to make: the actor who plays the owner of the house is much longer than Hardy, and Louis places his ranks regularly so that his head does not go out. This may be extraordinary if it is done for the purpose, but only available. At one time in this bad comedy, a very bad gag approaching the horizon as the runt reaches the black laundress. 'Surely they could not bend that down to laugh,' I thought. But they do. Runt stole black babies and tries to make this as a generation of Plump. Somehow, Plump gets a baby's cotton, but still has no child. With Uncle John climbing the stairs, Plump writes the runt for childhood. This gag may be likely to work with the midget, or even with an ordinary actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is just a little less than the average length. The baby's imitation is neither credible nor funny, and Uncle John will be the perfect sheep fall for him. Amazingly, he does! The most popular perspective of 'One So Many' is a short appearance - it seems to be just the appearance of the film - and Madelyn Saloshin, the first wife of Oliver Hardy. Marriage was unhappy, although Hardy's marital problem had not reached the epic number of Laurel. Only one thing in this film is interesting to me. There is a very short chain, and Hardy remembers about its sea romance and the beauty of the bath. In 1916, it was still not a standard grammar for the presentation of the restrictions shown: shown here is transparent and easily accessible. This film still has no other features. 'One Many Many' is obviously one film on Oliver Hardy's CV, and I will measure this rate of only one film between 10. Laurel and Hardy together are more obvious than each of them different.
