had a simple time (seven years), a convenient place (San Francisco), where a person could make a simple film about the psychological destruction of the psychological Christ as a woman on acid and the final order of dreambacks during the time of various ethnic colors sexual orientation regardless of financial responsibilities or repercussion values. <br /> <br /> This movie, triggers, slow, boring, is the worst example of the most engaging form of heavy art art handed out that was adopted as an art in the mid-70's. soon after the fall of this endless train to move slowly and reverbed the heavy room of acute guitar licks begins to take your eyes off to the end with ignorance and end. its kind of cross between the stars of Jesus Christ, beyond the basin of the dolls, and the true journey of acid and your parents on the bed of water. its simultaneous collapse of trains, quite attractive, and also a great picture of bad things (or better) of b-grade seven years of phychadelic film of genre. <br /> <br /> plot. I will just tell you a plot because you will not be able to tell them what is happening because of the frequent changes of the planned crossings and events that may or may not have happened to the characters who may or may not be themselves, and the face that builds hippy freak strikes A long time on the banal system of the artistic performance of mime as a hallway. "Logan" is a very famous iconlast film manufacturer who cries for people who are coming up and surrounded by silent film workers who are always leaving acids and having what looks like very bad orgies. Richard Dreyfus is responsible for assisting them as what looks like an accountant. The film staff seem to hate him for some reason and get into a terrible laugh perhaps to torture him. "Suzanne" character of the titular is a blond of willowy which the vacuum level within space and comforts the character of the "artist" completely. "artist" goes completely, by the way. or due to its separation or incredible rage of its painting. All the horrible secrets of Susanne. there are some other characters who constantly show, smoking to eat "man" character. who is also hot for Suzanne I think. he has a monologue. I didn't quite know what he had to do with the story unless everyone had a hate "man" back and you can't make a movie without one. there is also a fool girl. The nail girl pays the last faithful to me, her very extraordinary.
