The sensitivity of the mind does not interfere with the second coming of Christ in the form of hippie and albino looking at Sandra Locke. You do not know what is happening on the screen and the title "Suzanne" is offensively played on the movie until the "second coming of Suzanne" is on you already knowingly hard no matter how you try to forget anything. This is a far-reaching film, Logan, Jared Martin, has made a film of the century but it is very bad and he feels that no one in the bank of the bank is ready to finance his project. The plans to go to its own Logan place the couple's place in the sea café and is attracted to the young woman Suzanne, Sandra Locke, who reminds someone who knew in other life: Jesus Christ. Logan's assistant and around Clavius, Richard Dreyfuss, somehow get a loan of $ 740,000.00 from the bank to finance the Logan hub he begins to work for Suzanne by praising him for his talent as an actor to give him a desire to be in his film. This causes Suzanne not only to remove Simon, a girl girl Paul Sandwich, but later Simon is very sad and feel alone taking his gun and pulls his mind. <br /> <br /> The movie also has two of the non-affiliated plots related to a young girl autistic Dorothy, Kari Avalos, who has healed her autism and Suzanne after everyone else, in a psychiatric hospital who volunteered, failed . It is not known exactly what Suzanne was doing in the hospital but she seemed to be some kind of routine or volunteer there; Was this to show us in the audience that he, like Jesus, could heal the sick with a miracle? There is also a journalist and a long-time businessman Jackson Sinclair, Gene Barry, who seems to go into a tough crisis in life or has seen a biblical vision that has changed his life forever. Sinclair has been searching for the meaning of life and what it is about all through the movies and she wanted to know why there is all this suffering in the world, such as this film she is present, and it seemed to have found the answer when she first looked at Suzanne. Sinclair also had some sensation that was hit on his head when private driver David, Mark Rasmusser, who had been sick and tired of his strange and heavenly speeches almost run away from the rock in the kamikaze as a car near the Pacific Coast. > "" "" "" na "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "\ t has all the developing cameras. It turns out that the lost Logan has been taken by its hub as he tried to imitate, for the helpless and tied to Suzanne, the real crucifixion of Jesus Christ 2,000 years ago. Hard to go through and it is not possible to follow "The second coming of Suzanne" lets you suffer the same type of Suzanne by Logan and filmmakers. The movie tries to be arty but that's the reason to cover it is a brain story with an absent and even worse acting with amateurish and everyone in it.
