To be clear from going, 'Bagman' is very, very bad. It faces a lot in almost every element except one: the finished product is a very bad film which is actually a pleasant to look at. This is a very low film. The budget constraints of the film should be obvious to anyone looking at even the head of the opened headline. I don't know if a lot of humor in the film was intended or not. For example, movies are held 'Doomsville.' Remember for all prospective home buyers: if the migratory city is called 'Doomsville,' keep moving. Stephanie Beaton is quick to pull on it to the area of ​​sexual pleasure in the kitchen. I could not help but laugh because it has deliberate humor (it turns on a gas stove ... to get it? Gender is hot?)? And improper humor. Unintentional in this case is music. It's like a music theme for 'Chariots of Fire' goes to Electronica. Removing computers and synthesizers! I realize that coming with music for limited production as this is the cost of prevention. I feel them because the work here is good. The problem is that cheap music is not good music. I did not laugh hard on sex on the screen since 'alone in the dark' with the same 'seven-second' song (I think they were saying that the old man Slater was limited ... fast on the draw?). Even the last credit is hilarious. Intentional or not? You have to be a judge: a pet dog and a cat is part of the cast of praise - and the surprise of the animal had been placed on them! - Boom is characterized by 'Mr B. Stick,' and the 3rd wardrobe of Units (Yep, they had a third unit) is characterized by K-mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think the hilarity of this more than it saves the film. The movie is very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, his friends and his family are very good at 'The Bagman' which you can't help but like the film they produced. 'Bagman' is bad but not bad. In its sweet way, it can even be very small. It covers his errors honestly that you cannot help but forgive them. "Best" films trying to hide errors are almost new. I think this is just a film that knows who his listeners were and were born correctly. Look at any number of movies and most of them may be much better than this. Some of them may be looking for cheap, or they are doing the worst, or the value of silent production. They can suffer much as 'The Bagman' takes from the bad effects, sounds, and foley. Mr B. Stick did not work very well. Specific effects appear to be where most of the money went. They tend to be more pleasant than terrible, although when 'Bagman' finally opened the last, the task of doing surgery is surprisingly good. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 is a little bit but humor helped a lot. This is a good movie to watch a particular night with a few friends and a few beers in hand. The great entertainment should be with anyone who has a great look at the B-movie or the afilionados of the low budget. All others should avoid the bigger discrimination.
