"Bubble" is an effort to make a variety of stories of Romeo & Juliet of gay and Israel and Palestine, although it seems to come through "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210." The characters do not know very well and they know as in the conversation line with the field. The movie seems to burst between fluff and deep. On the one hand there is a special effort to be as insignificant as (in one example of many) some of the small characters even asking questions that invite the development of awareness in close conflicts, and getting answers like, "Hey, we're here to make a poster for the rival against "In addition to the obvious distortions of the verse, it is just one of many signs that are not fisted that the movie is like poetry and useless as its head suggests. On the other hand, the main advocacy of the film follows the lovers to submit "Bent" to play about homosexuals in the Nazi labor camp. The top area of ​​the sample runs faster, and weakens its strengths (understandable from the time limits of the film, but this can still be adjusted to a more favorable effect.) And it comes as flimsily as all the film. Very bad. This experiment deserves more. <br /> <br /> Anime is so one-dimensionally cartoony some even have names that all their telegraph (though the word seems not recommended here) substances. The brutal soldier from the Golani Brigade crack is called "Golan." The Palestinian ruler is called "struggled." The uncle who strives for faghag is "Lulu." Anyone who is well known by the checkpoint and life centers in Palestine, whether from a real life or a document, will find checkpoints if it is not at all? well, all of this fantasy fantasy. When a Palestinian woman comes into a quick job on the record of Israel's record is to hold and help, ambulance shows for a minute. (Birth results serve Palestinians as unthankful to the inheritance of Israel and even uniqueness.) Generally the look of the situation is shown as a problem, not a series of bones-crushing, soul crushing, preventing harm regardless of medical care or importance in birth cases, death, or severe illness. Ashraf, a Palestinian partner, appears to get from Nablus to Tel Aviv without problems, no paper, no disaster. He only displays whenever he likes. When the Israelites want to go through them it is the most serious challenge involving the program Lucy Ricardo. In the past, the supporters of the Palestinians who are involved with human beings move to a resolution that is totally lacking in motivation or purpose? but as an incredible tool of milk pain for a banned partner. The sexual Romance of Israel and Palestine has been dealt with in more detail and depth as Saleem's "Salaam / Shalom" so that this film is very difficult as some people would like to think. <br /> <br /> Movies of bad films? like Ed Wood's work - at least to have an attractive idiosyncrasy to separate them. They don't have any yet. Many of the sound tracks seem like Simon and Garfunkel on quaaludes, and even with an amazing oedipal touches on homosexual sexuality, a common lack of popularity on this film looks like a short-term TV movie of the week.
