I saw Crispin Glover's "What is it?" at the Ann Arbor film festival. In fact, the film was at least called its name, because I had a different meaning that even the author / director could not give the answer. In the question and answer to the answer after the investigation, Mr. Glover said that the film was originally meant to be a short film to show the beauty of using low-performance actors. However, this is itself not enough to create a film. Employees, in my opinion, build a vision for great vision - a great vision that seemed to be made well and is not in the worst. Crispin Glover also said that he wanted to address the issue. Yes, he does. But why? This movie seems to be unavailable, no reason to handle anything. What? Does he feel these things should not be taboo? The film doesn't even give me an indicator of that. Taboo for taboo is not interesting. It cannot even create taboo to disrupt or stimulate at any rate because it has not made the audience care in any way. Ignoring the problem and the concept for a short while, something that has been very evident is how well the film was closed. Editing, movies, and other technical features were often very common. Glover said 125-150,000 dollars came into the cinema, and I feel that money should be used for different designers (Glover really did some of the building itself - I know I saw at least design design in credits). The built-in sets are the same (not bigger), but are misused. The parts feel like a game of photography - which would be fine if it went for any purpose, but in the hands of Glover you just feel angry. Some parts have been done as a Home Home type, low quality for many things that I see the first movie developers make iMovie. Maybe the biggest problem with "What is it?" I can't even understand how the film should be taken. There are some areas that feel like Glover screams for you to think seriously. For other points, she looks away from her little laughter. He probably meant that this thing is surprising, or meaningless in some way, but I just felt that Glover could not even find himself giving his film any kind of great attention. <br /> <br /> Glover said originally wanted to be a small film. If only. In seventy-two minutes, the film comes out of the picture and ideas in twenty-two, and describes it as imagined enough to assert that they were even there for that time period.
