* can be a spoiler of type? * Just mention Crispin Glover is enough to send some panek geek into a group. Its impressive appearance in the Back and Finally as George McFly has been sealed into the US conscience forever. Recently, he has been trying to return to religious knowledge with Bartleby and Willard. This time, however, Crispin has made a film of 76 minutes, the sister's cheap. Sometimes it reminds me of the knowledge, when it is generally close to insulting me, but not because of its content. Content? What is it? is a movie where, in one half of the movie, all participants have Down Down Syndrome, freakshow volunteers will feel. Another half of the movie includes Crispin Glover, Adam Parfrey, and a paralyzed boy. All of these had a sense of what John Waters was trying to do with the Destruction of Life, and at the same time he felt more successful and very much defeated. Half and Downs Syndrome administrators also have many killed scars. It is about a person with a snail, and finished killing one. It is also harassed by a group of other people, and grass. He likes two girls, one of which is having sex with the grave. He also has a fall with a friend who hates him. <br /> <br /> In the interior signature, Crispin Glover is the director of this show. She is something like the control of the guy's mind, and the guy's brain disease is something like sex. In fact, at least it gets masturbated in plain scenes. There is another "amazing" picture made by humorous, as the Swaztikas of Nazi crossed with Shirley Temple, and minstrels in the black face saying Michael Jackson. In the outside world, the torturer continues to deal with the love of killing snails and being beaten by others. They struck him with rocks, and so forth. Later, they beat the saucer after they charged him. <br /> <br /> Return of the interior, Crispin Glover is still the controller of its set, and tries to control everyone, but it is very failure. What is it? makes more sense than Dr. Caligari, and has more of the stolen style stolen from them. The psychological position of claustrophobic is heard as much as the non-wall of Dr. Caligari felt claustrophobic. They also had a conversation that was quite trivial. And, they were all covered with wonderful pictures of humor. The problem is, about 20 minutes on the film ... maybe a little more ... What is it? goes out of the picture. For the next 56 minutes, we continue to run on the same set of images, just to create a new image in the form of a puppet of absurdist. The movie seems less than a movie that tries to push the envelope into an offensive picture and tabs. He tries to laugh and mix the audience. But, the issue is that it has only enough pictures for a 40-minute movie. It felt like "Well, this is the way we can do and remove it." It doesn't feel interesting, and it was quite ... boring. Dr. Caligari, on the other hand, had amazing movies and making. The difference between the two is very amazing. <br /> <br /> rating: C
