here was no effort put in Valentine to prevent that other film of youth, a small form of horrible films that we have seen quite considerably over the last decade. I have heard many people complain that the film breaks several movie trailers, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and as much as I like to be redundant, rip is very clear that it is impossible to say anything. The punch tool on the head of the poor Jeremy early in the film is obviously taken from Carrie so they can also say right in the movie (`Hey everyone, this is the director, and the following is Carrie-rip-off event. ') But that it's just a suggestion. The video is made up of a piece with the same way that every boy's attraction is building. We know a little girl at first, she is killed, people are wondering at an old oh-oh age -the-only-happens-to-the-others, and then they will begin to be killed. The problem here is that the director and authors open and honestly want to put a wonderful and insistent film, but they don't know how to do it. it is this proud person who engages himself to being bad with women that divides the checks according to what everyone had, and as one of the first characters appear in the film after a brief lesson of history about how bad Jeremy ma He was treated, thought to carry the importance. Apart from that, and most importantly, she has the same values ​​as the little boy all the girls trembled at the sixth grade, and the same signatures under all those Valentine's Day cards. <br/> <br /> It is not unusual for viewers to deliberately and sometimes successfully be distracted by the behavior of one or more characters who appear to be the first characters, and Jason is a perfect example of effort, but not a good example of success. Indeed, I thought for a while that he might be a very good killer, but that's not sure. We know from the beginning that he is terrible and women, which unites them to a young beginner of the film, but in the middle of the film, he looks at the ceremony, exciting for flirtatiously for two big girls, and then giving them a look and hate and walk away, disappearing from for the party and from the movie without details. We know that he is a paperwork, but his role in the film was widely thought to have taken him completely when they had finished with him. Well, on the positive side, real identity identity was, in fact, made it difficult to predict at least one way of subtle subtlety too, unfortunately, still leaving another. At the beginning of the film, while Shelley hitting a footwoman with his own head, it is not appropriate to voice, indicating that the killer may be a woman sitting quietly to avoid identifying herself as a woman, rather than a man as everyone charges. But for another period of the film, we just have this stolid, undefined, unsuccessful farmer with a emotional mask and a modern knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who, in all respects, looked like had trouble with the girls himself in the sixth grade) says that he has influence with Halloween. In fact, this is absolutely necessary, because it is very obvious from the bad way the film shows. The only difference between Valentine's killer and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was more effective and had no problem with the nose. These things are embarrassing. In the end, there is a short attempt to lose us more time about who the murderer is (has completed it slowly and supplied by 'the killer-is' mask removed), but then we see Adam's nose started to strengthen as he holds Kate, his girlfriend often reluctant, and we know that he has been a murderer all the time. Nothing in the film showed that he could become a killer until the last act, and these untouched nose was not the most accurate way to identify the real killer at the end of the film. Valentine is not afraid (I looked at the empty house at night after midnight, and I was afraid of the darkness for as long as I can remember, and even I was not afraid), and the characters might be able to take care of if it wasn't so obvious that they would die only . I remember that I was fascinated by the review of the exhibition (although the film was inside and outside the playground faster than the World War), but the final result is the same thing in the past.
