Small spots contain here. I destroy this film to save you from having problems. Jet Li movies have entered into one of two categories: Shaolin movies and movies posted in modern Hong Kong around Triads or Triad as organizations. Each type has its best and worst films. The 'Twin Warriors' are at the time of Jet Li's best Shaolin time when the "Evil Conference" is worse. 'Fist of Legend' while in the recent period is the best 'modern era' movie Jet Li. 'Black Mask' is undoubtedly worse. <br /> <br /> Jet Li has a mercenary himself evacuated who received a needle that gives him a superhuman power, but it reduces his lifetime. In his 'new life' in exile he has a reader of a pacifist. When his former mercenary squad is on, Jet Li becomes a vigilante to decide to stop them. He offers a very silly mask to hide his identity from the police (and the public) as a library artist, and also hide his true identity to his former friends in the hands. The version I saw was called, and very frightening. Why does Li Li hold and hold a collaborator of the library if she is a pacifist? What? There is a story of love among them? Why does the police chief not care when he learns the true identity of Mask? The program is just BAD open. Bad through the fun of superhero, the worst that the characters have never been well developed, badly in the cooperation of their behavior, all beaten by the story described half I quickly lose interest. <br /> <br /> Step and order of military art is the way up. Much of the blood, the body (bursting body organs), explosions, and the Matrix's military military style of the military are found on the film. Unfortunately this is the best film and just sell the point. If you want to see Jet Li playing a superhero of eyes in an impossible movie movie "Black Mask" opens. For some of our Jet Li fans are a real desire. This is one of those movies that Jet Li has never been to Jet Li: we will not have the opportunity to please us with his charisma, nor the opportunity to attract us to his remarkable military capabilities. <br /> <br /> Usually a Chinese knockoff of Ozzy Osbourne would have been enough to get into me on the film, sadly `` Black Mask 'proved to be different from that law. Certainly the opponent of this film, in the way he dresses, his long hair, and the business of the rotary business looks like Ozzy Osbourne's modern and old. However, villain is not on long screens to make a valuable gimmick. I am taking an example of Ozzy had a decision; In addition to looking for a woman, she also rushed to look for the devil. More more could be made from Ozzy Osbourne villain gimmick! If only the author, director, or anyone had trouble providing history and developing a romantic movie character! The Black Mask was the first Jet Li film released on video in the United States. after the Lethal 4 Armor, and I'm glad I have stayed so far. It may have led to my whole view of Jet Li as a military artist and actress. If you want to see Jet Li on the worst, the tax 'Black Mask' and 'Evil Evil' make it a double or fearful feature, both deliberately and without pretending. Alternatively the stick to the steps that use Jet Li's talents, and have semi-semi-well-thought plots. Star 3/9.
