"The widow in trouble" is definitely not one of Fred Astaire's music. But even the worst movie Astaire has had a good time. <br /> <br /> In "Sand," Astaire is Jerry Halliday, a American music star who is London on a personal visit. She meets Lady Alice Marshmorton (19-year-old Joan Fontaine), a beautiful heiress of English, who walks back to the cab she takes to escape the admirers group. Jerry believes that Alice is forced into marriage with her wealthy aunt. She is trying to save her from the house of her family, but soon she finds that home workers are putting money that the woman's wife Alice will get married. Keggs (Reginald Gardiner) fiancé, and Albert (Harry Watson), a young pirate house, each turn to the equally helpful and misleading romance of Lady Alice and Jerry to make sure they get a bet. <br /> <br /> This music has many problems. First, there is a plot, according to the novel and P.G. Wodehouse (who wrote scriptplay). Stories are slow, painful, and bold. While Fred is not playing, we have to endure incidents of (a) Fred reading Joan Fontaine or (b) Keggs and Albert are attacking themselves and others. The boy's boyfriend and boy are particularly irritating. They are the only characters of the kind of artists, the kind of boys who just want to blow the pig's mouth. You want them to leave the screen and allow Fred to play. <br /> <br /> Astaire suffers in the absence of her ordinary girlfriend, Ginger Rogers. Joan Fontaine is a woman who is not able to lead in this film, and is beaten in music. He does not have a little for him, a character-wise, except his pleasing face and a good smile. George Burns and Gracie Allen are on a journey, as Jerry's partner and his secretary secretary. Duo adds much needed chemistry to the plot, and Gracie has some extraordinary lines, but it also gets very angry when. <br /> <br /> Film films by George Stevens doesn't do well. Sometimes, movies are awesome and far away. There are a number of outdoor events placed on foggy streets, trying to convince the audience that we are London, not Hollywood. (They should use tons of dry ice in this film.) On the other hand, George and Ira Gershwin songs are strict, and have been the standard of the classic song. And of course, playing in the movie is unique, thanks to Astaire and his choreographer, Hermes Pan. But music and dance numbers are not used and not used. Sometimes, the cast seems to start singing and playing because, well, it's when they start singing and playing. Music numbers are randomly displayed in the ringing ring. (At the same time, the pastor's actions outside the house and he enters the operetta soul because there is no clear.) These numbers include: na "I am playing and I can not have problems now" - Fred plays well on a crowded road filling London . He does some of the great "cane-twirling" and the umbrella umbrella - but that number ends very quickly when Fred jumps on the bus driver's two. (In Broadway's music, "Crazy For You," Harry Groener made the best version of this number and the girls' chorus group.) <br />  "Make Me In Test" - Fred, George, and Gracie make a third dance to tap on the English island. George and Gracie's matches step by step, but the number stops for everyone to call for any reason. > "Stick on the Stick" (House of Fun House) - In the House House, Fred, George, and Gracie are enjoying playing on the floating floor, barrel rotation, and house mirrors enjoyable. It is the best number of films, but it gets a lot of times. <br /> <br />  "Things That Watch" - Fred and Joan Fontaine are doing their number one dance in the film, announcing almost the backyard real estate of the country. Fortunately, it is a very simple number of dance because Joan is not a good player. <br /> <br />  "Foggy Day in London City" - Fred walks near the real estate of the night night, talking about the foggy day when he met Joan in London. Sometimes, he looks like he doesn't know which way he goes in the fog - like the music number itself. > "Good Work If You Can Find It" - A great song that is misused in the film. During the social event in the house, Fred gets into the musicians who sing the song. Every time Fred joins, other singers look at him as they prefer. (Again, Harry Groener made a good number of drums and this song in "Crazy For You.")  "Drum Dance Number" - As Fred and Joan say, Fred stops leaving one number of last dance when he drives a dance group. As always, it's a great number of drums. But there is absolutely no need for it, except to add film time. The most scheduled time in the movie comes when Fred decides to remove the high-level balcony in the country's property to prove his love for Joan Fontaine. When he came out of the balcony, he found the rice so easily - yes, the * * * basket - which sits on a nearby tree. Fred (or say, a stupid person in Fred's clothes) takes a picker and turns down from them. The movie should own a DVD for dance numbers alone, but you feel a debt for someone who bought the Fast button on your home. FF >> FF button lets you fly in other ways, boring scenes in the movie to find the dance numbers.
