I lost the English version of the Lensman dubbed, with the hope that since it came from a well-known novel would have a certain substance. While there were tips on the substance in the film, largely did not grow on the level of the cartoon kiddie. Perhaps the movie was a bad change of the book, or it has lost a lot in the dubbed version. Or maybe even the source novels were lighter. But for any reason, there was not much there. I realized many details that were generated by, out of, not displayed, or otherwise not missing. Some examples: The opening events appeared to be borrowed from the 2001 "star gate" and the image of Star Wars of hyperspace. Robot on the breaker looks like "R2-D2" of anthropomorphized. It starts trying to try to borrow its style of Star Wars, but with compassion (since humor does not work) it offers for comedy and plays it is great. In this sense, it is better than a franchise of Star Wars, which started with a sense of cunning of humor, and finally dropped by desperation for Jar-Jar. The farming experience seemed to have a person who had never seen a farm. The farmer was driving through the middle of the field, throwing the silage into unproductive crops, instead of working from one side to the other and throwing the silage into the already loaded rows or the truck. Beans (maize) were sowing cereals, but field farms were beaten as a wheat field. When it was time for Kim's father to face his destiny, he had no extraordinary weight for the area. That may be an English actress, but the drawings do not show a great weight. Kim's behavior in the area was unknown. Similarly, when Henderson's behavior was killed, Chris showed very little answers, though they seemed to be close. (Henderson's death is not a spoiler, his name is not revealed until his death.) He seems to forget her immediately. The words of human compassion show more feelings than he. I think the voice actor deserves more blame in the case; there is at least a feeling of emotion in the drawings of Chris. Often, criminals cannot enforce their commands. The criminal leader punishes those failure of deaths. I can't say if it's raised from Star Wars, or if it comes from an original source - maybe Lensman books. There is a place where the shipping area falls. When you come down, parts break the ship. But many pieces have fallen that they should not have anything left and when it comes. When Chris often looks like a powerful, tough hero, there is a place where he loves like a powerless girl in trouble. Tough man enough to die for Henderson in a hurry should be able to shout, "help, it's me and I can't reach my gun!" rather than fun. The most characteristic personality (very near time) is D.J. Bill. He offered as Wolfman Jack, D.J. in the Graffiti of America. I wonder if he is also spoken in the original language. <br /> <br /> The two planets in the movie exploded. The explosions were not interesting, and it seemed to have a lot of inspiration for Star Wars. With his credit, however, the cause of the blast was quite different from the base Star Star. The conversation had a good, interesting explanation for that reason. Many other explosions in the movie seemed good, not a planet explosion. <br /> <br /> Some sound effects are very cheesy, as borrowed from the late 1970s of video. Some of the images are seen as the first video games, and the other influence from Tron is also seen. On the other hand, sound effects are often very good, although they emphasize sound areas. Art is also good, especially when it stays away from regular computerized cheesy pictures. <br /> <br /> Finally, there is a story. If the movie describes a good story, it can overcome many shortcomings of production. But the plot here was good lighter. A foolish boy tries to help a man in a rough ship, and he finds great strength that he does not know. He and his powerful band of friends fight against a powerful, uncertain enemy. He makes friends, learns about his special abilities, and grows into a young man. If he keeps strong, he can even win a bad enemy. Information on the way can raise similar stories on a simple summary, but there is a little more than that in this film. <br /> <br /> At the end, it's just a cartoon kiddie. But then, since it seems like a primary primary audience is older children, perhaps it doesn't need to be anything more than that.
