Wow. Watching this film today, you can't help but feed and write to this film. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young plays a couple who, in modern times, can be shown on "Jerry Springer Show" - since they have a relationship with patients and abuse ... and, of course, writers seem to accept it! The film begins with Loretta starving and homeless showing a string and poor but very experienced Spencer Tracy. She shows him how by connecting you can do well for a little money and take him to his house in his shadow. It has never been clear if they do not give - or consider the Pre-Code film, you might think they don't even though they live. Their relationship is very strange ... and instead of patients. When you see that Tracy cares about her for her actions, she is a bully of words and general - and Young comes back to more like a dog kind. He calls "black" or "bad" and this is through the sick, his way of using it! Later, when she started misleading with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend that if she wants to, it is the same as she! It certainly faces a sado-eyechistic relationship and you can't help but feel a little afraid. Certainly, it is not tough but the relationship is very troubling. To show how sick it is, when Young gets pregnant, she tells him "... is your child and it's mine, but you don't need to worry, I'll take all the blame for it" !! Yikes! What? All of this doesn't seem like looking for a patient in a sick and unemployed home? Later, in the case of art following life, Tracy proves what kind of person it is and disappears. After all, he cannot be heavy with the child - even if it belongs to him. But, he changes his mind and decides to go home. Wow ... that's a bit of it! And, when he comes back, he's good and he does as IF sits, he's not obliged to take care of the child! And, he tells him he is "free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, I was close to tears this time of tender ... NOT! Recently, these female pairs are married ... and, usually, Young sad because she looks sitting as long as it is appropriate - not because of any love or feeling of responsibility. So you can save anything with this type of sick characters? What would you do? Well, for the authors, they have Tracy will soon make theft to help pay brat! Sexual issues of the film include at least! During the robbery, Tracy lives as a chump - making almost nothing to take the precaution of discharge - if it was hidden hope of being sent to prison. And, to show what kind of a good man, that's a boy trying to steal is his best friend. Even though there are more films, the bottom line is that Tracy is jerk and Youth is idiot in the film. With all the best actors, there is no way they can do anything of this text produced. Good music, good sets, good acting ... and script which is 100% poo. How this film has been tested now 7.4 is far from me and I wonder how anyone can ignore the pure awfulness of the characters. A shocking shock that somehow did not destroy the work of those involved. Oh, and if you're wondering if Loretta EVER gets back in the film or plays someone who is very young, the answer is NO! In the end, he has not learned and has not changed directly to the best. They do not make the film as they used ... and in this case ... thank God!
