can be vendors !!!! so I watched this film last night on LMN (Modern Movie Network) which is unknown for displaying quality movies. MOVIE THAT CAN! I still see that I watched something around, as it was terrible. Can this film have more views? (connecting a jewish mother who wants a son to be a doctor, a Catholic family and a priest of the priests, a great crucifixes in each room shown in the family of a Catholic family, who is a "bad man" who is really hearty, very poor of the country) GAG! !!! I was fascinated by the fact that I had never heard of this film and after seeing that cheryl pollack and corin nemec were in it, I decided to stay awake until 4am to look at it. however, the only thing of redemption about this movie is the beauty of the amick of doctors. I think acting on the pollack and the nemec is the same, but they have a awesome script to work with. The difference with another inspector who commented on the lack of accents of texan (the movie should be done in austin and very few people there is a twang) I think that the accents were there (in helping characters like maria margaret on the date with John) and was not needed. were too bad. I am very tired and south-south sounds that are not available as an area where emphasis should be from. and since it was supposed to be done in austin and shooting films in 1991 without cost, I expected to have the most common shots of the city: a beautiful capitol building, UT tower was designed for a football game, no one of the things these were there. Also, it takes 5-6 hours to drive mexico from austin. at one time in the movie, michael and his posse take off to Mexico to lose their friendship and they can drive when dark (during the summer and early fall does not dark in austin to 9:00 or so), spending time in Mexico drinking and making sex with mexican (there is any kind?) whores, and then return to the austin for the morning. while this theoretically possible is not very likely. and if anyone started school in the hill country (usually the third week of August, but it could be in September 1960) they know that unless they want to get lost from the heat stroke they will not wear their letter jackets! ! in August and September in the Austin area and the surrounding areas are 90+ degrees. The only people who do not have the body temperature will be stupid enough to wear a photo or a jackets on the first day of school. all for all, very bad made for the film's television experience.
