There are many punches to play on the head of the worst Valentine which I don't know where to start. I will say this though; here is a movie that makes it long for the complexity of Valentine's cards that we've been giving us at primary school. You know, those with Batman say "You are a valentine to fight a big crime!" Valentine is a movie of slasher without a bit of irony, one of the few awesome movies in recent years ignores the influence of shouting. The striker is skilled and able to avoid. The heroes are scared when people run away from the horns and get to the shoulders shouting "HeyIjustleftmycoatbehind!" The mark is greater than the mother of Norman Bates. The departure path follows many childhood friends, now it has grown and is very severe. Since the film does not offer anything else to do, they stand around and wait until the stalker has hit them directly. This stalker seems to be the former nerd former Jeremy Melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. On Valentine's Day is approaching, women begin to get terrible cards to predict their punishment. Melton looks like a clear suspect. The only problem is, as many characters warn, in thirteen years Melton could change his appearance to look buff and good. So (close fear here) everyone is suspect! <br /> <br /> Here is one problem. In order to have any feeling of suspension when watching Valentine, you should accept the fact that the secondary nerd may be David Boreanaz. Nerds do not turn to Angels when they climb, they turn into big, big nerds. He is not an awesome actor, but the script, for the less than four authors, gives and the rest of anything to do but scream and give. Denise Richards (a good actress in Hollywood has not got a star in Baywatch) is used mainly; more embarrassing to the appropriate excuse to take him to a bathing suit just before a critical area of ​​doubt. Remember to the soul: always bring a bathing suit for Valentine's Day. Because it does not mean February may not feel like talking a little. <br /> <br /> Dancing Valentine's dresses in head-to-toes trousers and mask of Cherub. Here is a problem number two. The film staff thought that this would be a disturbing picture with the head of someone who beat people face and face of the fire. It's clear and simple, it's not. Instead, it made me know how a boy with a mask that covers all his face, including his eyes and ears, can move so gently without hitting his stem on the chairs or tables. Then again, from things that the killer of Cupid does, he may be able to teleport and his eyes are in his hands. It is not just a bad film, it doesn't even know who is a killer; The last "twist" is more "Huh?" than "Ha!" When you do not find your head breaks, then cry, then search from the nearest. Don't watch this film. Even if you alone have a Valentine's day, find something, anything, another to do. You will be glad you did.
