This could be the worst film I saw. In spite of what Micshelt claims, this movie is not appropriate to be very accurate. It takes badly and then it's downhill from there. We have Hitler's father condemning his own unfortunate "truth" that he had married his marriage! They were true, the second cousin. Hitler's mother, Klara, called her father, Alois, "uncle" because Alois had been adopted and raised by Klara's grandfather and brought her as his son, when he was his nephew. Alois was older than Klara and so as a child who had the habit of calling him Alois, "uncle." Located in the trenches where Hitler has been mocked by his fellow soldiers and decides to take his dog is just shy and hate to the minds of all viewers. We see Hitler chasing the dog through the canal, catching it with the poor thing he continues to accuse him for obeying. Apart from what we see and hear fellow soldiers keep laughing and punishing a young person, but then the shell puts it directly on its torturers, and every last one, we are told, is completely killed. So, if Hitler was the only person to live in the area, did you? Is this news of violence and fear told? Did Hitler himself around "boast" about it? - I don't think so. Then, Hitler accuses and fears the poor officer who has lost the Jewish crisis to give him the Iron Cross! I can only assume that the Jewish officer was a pastor before he fought against the State of the Father, and had deliberately made the medal promised from his shop, because I am sure that Iron Crosses were not given as shown on this comic horse. All amazing clichés are here, not the calming and cheating effect of Wagner's music on a little man. If only producers were putting Ian Kershaw on hand. Then they could discover that the “Merry widow” of Franz Lehar was more likely to describe the Fuhrer boat than any “Flying Dutchman” from Richard Wagner's principle! Hitler may be responsible for the deaths of 60 million people but how can he be forgiven for his worst taste in music? I would like to go but I would like to have an hour for an hour. Do not miss.
