** SPOILERS ** A few tips given for television and middle-aged movies of Isabelle Collins, Susan Tucci, are doing a number on each person they communicate with in the film. First win over their hearts then their buttons and then, when they no longer use it to him, thrown into a newspaper basket as used up Kleenex tissue. The first striker Isabelle is not another then his insults, about taking care of Isabelle from his bank account, husband Stewart, John O'Hurley. That later in the cinema while Isabelle gets very friendly with former ex-authors and the current businessman of the yacht Richard Davis, Philip Casnoff, that he, without telling him, has a completely ill patient Richard gets a contract on his uncertain life. To find that guilt, in fact after being released from prison, Daggett, Nicholas Campbell, working for Stewart Richard recently sees that he did not have what he paid, $ 15,000.00 for money. /> <br /> Get a little daggett too, not just a stewart of Stewart's mind but he took a solid gold look, which Stewart gave him to get his life too. Easily look for Daggett as he tried to put it in the city store which was quickly caught. Dogs and Doggett lost their guts on who was hired to win Stewart will not take long with the long arm of law enforcement Stewart, for employing Doggett, the murderer of Isabelle's husband to be an old man and yacht sales Richard Davis! The arrest of Davis and the police occurs as he and Isabelle did well in the local church! Isabelle runs everyone, the only men who fall head on the heels for her, for her benefit by getting them to do her dirty work. Always play the part of the wife's wife or widow or partner or even the client Isabelle seems to live a planned life every step before the law and the police. It does not matter whether Isabelle is very well behind her so well that it is impossible to hold anyone, for having others to do, for many mistakes she does, through the second party, in the film. After the crash, for example and in fact, her first husband Steven her second husband, for less than ten seconds, Richard and finally her, or Richard, prosecutor Gavin Kendrick, Kamar De Los Rey, Isabelle knows that it's just a matter of time before the police get his wisdom. With D. Find Richard and Kendrick turning evidence against Isabelle now knowing that everything is fast fast on it makes his last move. Finding everything in a way, by transferring his money abroad, Isabelle and his 10-year-old daughter, Ruby, Lauren Collins, are shooting at the passport office to obtain a passport, passport, from abroad. Then the clever and clever Isabelle makes the first mistake and maybe the last and most horrible in the movie. Isabelle is told by a passport assistant, Don Carrier, will be eligible for 48 hours, with a Ruby passport to cancel! Not enough time for the police to look for him and catch him! The end of the world that is closer to everything and all the moral films on film or film. Lastly not just hitting your mind but your idea of ​​what is right and wrong in the world!
