For your own benefit, it would be better to ignore any positive comments about this movie. This Flick STINKS. Now, I would (at least in theory) small movie scary budgets, but this makes the worst mistake flick of the low budget can do: It takes itself WOW very seriously. And, unfortunately, it's not just a problem. <br /> It is the story of Beane's clan of British assassination of the Ilses that have been cast in modern times. Interesting cluster, but there are two things that are concerned about this film as soon as you start watching it. What is the biggest name on the CD box Jenna Jameson? She is a woman under the watch who cannot act, and has a small role. Answer: He seems to be a known star of the porn (if of course you read in other reviews), so I think this is "seen" for him. He gives the film much needed "identify name", apparently. His top billing is not any sign of his talent, though, it is an indication of how Uncleed others are cast. How can the makers of the film be stupid to think Canada could be approved as Ireland? It doesn't seem even like Ireland. And the house in which visitors / survivors live in it is the biggest North American frame frame Edwardian object. They should undo all the themes of Beane and develop a story that took place in NA. Also, if you make a film in Ireland, it is probably better to have more than one character and a Russian statement (and that was a very real Irish taste.) as the director did not try to make "the night of the living dead", but apparently he was. Very bad. He would be happy with it. In fact, some events were not far from being stupid without pretending they were. <br /> <br /> As a terrifying scene, she was a woman locked on the table, stripped naked, then cut open and relocated. That's funny, you ask? In fact, in the location of the cancellation area, the mutant killer removes the mile after miles after the intestines. In fact it's funny over time. And who respects the cannibal eating intestines, however? Do we eat the intestines of cows and chickens? No heck, we eat hams and ribs and drums. Oh well. <br /> <br /> The rest of the others who were offending: whiny, creepy Howard Rosenstein. I don't know, but I think he had to be thrown as a STUD. In fact, he is a powerful player and a player if his name would mean. That can explain why the behavior played by Gillian Leigh's despair has fallen to him. I watched Gillian Leigh on her link to IMD, and it seems important to know that she graduated from high school and respect. I can't decide whether it is exciting or exciting to know that just a few years after graduation, a decent student performs scenes of nude basic porn in a shower with a boy named Howard Rosenstein. Wonderful like former classmates have seen this movie? If they have, hopefully they will receive a message: FINDA FATE! Go to COLLEGE !!! I would continue to continue, but why. If you would like to sign in, you will find something liberating in this flick, but not more.
