Karen (Bobbie Phillips) says, after one of her children was given her desperate joke, that she could not survive this journey. Karen is a school teacher who took her group of children from the Shepley College of History to the hardest home to run into a large Irish elephant hole. In fact there are places in this country more interesting to this feeling than this? ! House assistant, Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her pupils to continue the way and not get lost in the forest. There is a story about the Sawney Family Family, a religious family that does not celebrate Samhain (the end of October, October 31) "The Feast of the Dead" where sacrifice is required to enjoy the soul. Gary is said to be clairvoyant, her cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) tells us, because she was born Samhain. Love, because he certainly does not see the result or even advise correctly. Almost everyone is dead (even those who are not lost the way) and don't even see the end of his risk. What this creature we hear is breathing is the most widespread striker. The face resembles an infinite mushroom and looks like refusing hiding from Mad Max's photo. It won't take long before the "bad breeder" is killing everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's love who made the wrong decision to come to Ireland without the knowledge of the first woman. <br /> <br /> Slamher's horror does not waste from normal. The speculative budget shows loudly and the characters are clichés of the meeting line that never came to be killed by the usual gory methods. Many violence shines on the screens quickly and is not a lot of housing on the deaths of its victims. Most pieces can be dragged during the quickening of the edit as a single location when calling someone else. Seeing the naked body of Gillian Leigh for a short time or two is not motivated to recommend. Phil Price has a realistic attitude of anger, Steve, often casting out evil magic ... how he can get Leigh's Barbara naked in a shower for a certain point is anyone I think because I have no reason why he will stand a chance and also hottie. Brandi-Ann Milbrant is responsible for Shae's luck, a young girl girl girl (who is also hot) who we know she will be chosen by the screen to live. Jenna Jameson drops long enough to cut his heart from his chest (at least we see his breast for a short time before his chest opened) and a few few lines about two lost friends he wants. The main problem of the film is that the development of stories and behavior causes stopping because it has found that none of them are so interesting so Christian Christian Viel allows only to remove its monster in order to lead to destruction, damaging the entire cast around in direct failure into ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a small opening came as a victim who left the way to a tent camp with his chick.
