It lost a group of films from Blockbuster last night, and this was the first I saw (it was late Saturday night, wanted to "fix the awesome film") .... bad, next to such a shame ... stupid story of slasher story I thought film like Scream was discontinued; amateur actors give clichéd talks and non-conscience which is hard to believe was actually published and read off the page; and prison events that should not be excited (especially when they occur in this film without text) Here are some good things I can say about this mess: 1/1/1 # 1 Bobbie Phillips: Dear actress. He is the only member of the cast who shows any talent. The only reason I got a chance to rent this is because his name was on the front cover. He restrains his presence in this dreck and expertise, though he seems to be constantly plagued that he does such a story. Hilarity non-voluntary: This is a kind of film I can remember back when there was still a house-breaking house around the world and they were using a trick like this as a third film on a third and third film. The elegant awesome which eventually made the way to go wrong. Unfortunately, at this age to the video, many viewers should tolerate a few of them now without the community knowledge of being part of the audience jeering and throwing things on the screen because the film is awesome. Which causes - <br /> <br /> # 3 Stars Stars try a quest: Many because because the producers do not need to complain or ask them to cancel the extended sex scenes, but this off-off business usually means that they they talk about the verses that need to develop stories (except "ooh yeah baby", or "hard!"). And, with pride, they all provide skills in looking ridiculous when trying to act. I would like to exclude Ginger Lynn Allen from this group if her behavior should not be the Mother of Ireland and actually tries to constantly make the inspiration, which just keeps waiting. <br /> <br /> good looking for positive in all experiences, and that's what I took from this cesspool aka "evil born"
