Yes, definitely better than my view of the Death Tunnel. In fact some of the deaths were natural and gore was good. It was kind of a bad foot when you met Mountains and Macho. <br /> <br /> But: 1.) When "children" (secondary school or college?) Talk about the awesome movie movies, Shae each says it's almost a real quote from Scream (1996). What about the older girls etc ..) Was Steve not Bootleg Randy from Scream? 3.) Apart from the fact that it took place in October, what did Hell do with film Samhain? It is not necessary if you ask me. I am pleased when I see these horror movies from 80 years of describing different points by marking fingers on druids or pentagram. <br /> <br /> 4. Wow made a record of Sam Raimi !!! 5.) Why was Gary and her sister on the movie? They are characters he had nothing to do with anything. And so so psychic that he could not even see his death OWN? 6.) Gary being killed in the bathroom (at that time, deaths were just Troma-taste) how could he hear the blow when he was down but not hearing them when he was standing outside the door? 7.) Gary's sister said about Haggis - that's a Scottish dish, not Ireland. 8.) So the subject is like UNI as Shae and unhappy or relax through the entire film, you'll be living? 9.) Mutants were pretty cool, but they looked like a walking plate of Chili con carne. 10.) When they got Gary's sister, they forgot that Steve was bound there and wondered where he went? 11.) Did he not have more than one killer? Shae hitting the same, but never met them more. 12.) What had publications for other people? Half of Shae did not know whether they were dead or alive, why was it? 13.) Why did they not kill Gary and his sister before? 14.) Why did no one call the police? And it seems that everyone has ever lived in the forest, why didn't they prepare some kind of invasion? 15.) As far as I knew, they were not zombies or VVII so how could he "turn" one end? I'm with everyone on the big "huh"? at the end. It is better than the death tunnel, but it is still very good. I still don't understand why they put it in Ireland, considering Samhain had nothing to do with the plot.
