Tourists go to Ireland for school trips to learn about Druids. They are meeting the horrible story of the inexperienced killers. If I had to count evil Evil, it would be a low grade level. The film's films die, Wrong, Wrong Turn all in one. It is so bad that the film has a lot of interactive track that loses "any fun" that would have looked at. The film has lots of "fear" of random ... although the film also has four star stars porn, four yup, so there may be a lot more. Reproduction also shows a large amount of year. The bad seed has a start of horror, and a pleasant conversation with a bad act. It has been released directly to the awesome video video, but this takes the cake. I can't find out who the main character is, because a woman who "lives" at the end is not true in all these films. Speaking about the latter, which should be one of the last random and worm in the history of the film. It has no purpose with all the films and completely changing the person's opinion on the film. You see this film believing, because there are some good deaths. There are two deaths that come into my mind, one of which the inner killer kills the inside of the naked woman through his chest .... that's his chest, don't ask me. Other tips when the guy gets his bowels, again, he was given through his ass. Does that kill the guy? No, the killer continues to oppose the guy with his own bowels. These events remind me of a lot of the Dead-dead, to the extent of humor in each other. I also had the meaning of the Dead Dead, and the non-meaning of the terrible films by Sam Raimi. With Halloween, when the female character is in the closet shouting for her life and the killer trying so hard; y enter. Though, the litter and dirt are not enough for sound and poor quality film issues. When the teacher raises from his bed and walks down the stairs, his feet are big and very hard which looks like he was wearing boots. It is really sad. With continuous in the film, with only one local killer? Just like the behavior that dies when. I could not tell him if a chest ass was a sister of Jenny or Gary / cousin ... I can't remember. Like the naked chick and the dead child hanging out of his body, he is still connected to the umbilical string. It had a bad start and it was better, but the end refreshes the film again on a terrible level. If there were some good values ​​of production and more faith was made on this film, then it would not have been worried about death. Stay away from this film, unless you enjoy a movie under bad budget.
