I am a great fan of Western Spaghetti, and I also become like many of the things made. The worst director Demofilo Fidani, however, well known for some of the cheapest, trashiest, and, well, bad contributions for kind. Fidani movie stations were very weak, and because his talent was too small, he tried to sell the film by adding the popular names of Spaghetti West as "Django" of "Sartana" by names. I especially have the case of "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" of 1971 only took the name of "Gi첫 La Testa" of Sergio Leone (aka "Duck You Sucker") and added 'Hombre'. The movie can be found under various titles ("Fistful Of Death", "Western Story" ...), I bought myself under the name "Adios Companeros", which this movie cooperates with another Fidani film that is almost identical, " Per Una Bara Piena Di Dollari ", also called" Adios Companeros "in the German language edition. The program is weak, follows a young man called Macho Callaghan (Jeff Cameron) and his involvement with two opposing groups against Butch Cassidy (Jack Betts) and Ironhead (Gordon Mitchell). Leadership and Jeff Cameron are gentle, not very attractive. Nor did I see Jack Betts very good as 'Butch Cassidy'. The cinema band of Gordon Mitchell, however, is always worth trying, and though he did not have a very good actor, I've always had his performances in Spaghetti Westerns quite funny and original, and actually saving some of Fidan movies (like such "Django and Sartana" of the wonderful "Showdown in the West"). There is one amazing and original thing about "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" - Klaus Kinski great is playing the priest! I could think Kinski in any role, but before seeing this film I could never think that anyone would throw him as a priest. Kinski, once again, great, though he has only a short time of screens, and one place, where he breaks the battle, perhaps it's just a good event in this. One of the most interesting things about this film is that the storyteller and king of sleaze Joe D'Amato did the movies. "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" is a cheap film, but however, it has a momentous time. Since the Western Planner of the Spaghetti, I have found that it is fun to watch, but if there, do not put this film on, or look at the goal to see Kinski with the priest. 3/10
