In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began making pictures. These have been done by Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were being taken out for a very fast series. Short comedies had very little format and were completely saved. As a result, the film, though known in their day, was very bad for today's standards. Many of them carry the same as home-to-house movies that refuse to enter the camera. Many others show characters walking in front of the camera and doing anything much. And, regardless of the result, Keystone sent them directly to the movie. I think that all the movies at this time should be very bad, as Keystone and Chaplin's films were very successful <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin we know and love today just began to turn later into the work of Chaplin and Keystone. In 1915, he signed a new benefit agreement with Essenay's studios and films greatly improved with Chaplin as director. However, sometimes these films were very bad and not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin as a little fabric was still going on. In 1916, as he was changing Drugs, his films were also changed and he became the most beautiful boy he knew - in many of the previous films was jerk (either drinking too much, beat women, opposing fights with innocent people, etc.). Little Chimal Reforms for the normal circumstances occurred in the 1920s due to its full-length films. It is interesting that this film is called TWENTY MINUTES OF LOVE since the film just approaches about 10 minutes! Oh well. The program, which is less, involves a little bit in the park. Couples want a neck but, of course, Charlie insists on sitting on the thigh of a couple and very disappointing. I can't understand why and shorter Charlie walk on the park to persuade these people and others later in the film. Maybe he was looking for lust, I don't know. But the film does not balance and just not particularly funny - even when people start hitting and push each other into the lake. Common efforts before Chaplin began to give its characteristic plot and personality.
