Although HUGA has a very good job with Elder Richard Gere, and some of the correct shots that can trigger back on the day of SILENCE ZA LAMBS, the movie puts trust in the breaking point and destroys itself against an unsuitable plot anywhere. br /> <br /> The film is about Erroll Babbage (Gere) who works for the security department and is preparing for retirement. His office replaces, Allison Lowry (Claire Danes, STARDUST), who quickly finds that Babichi has been taken into account by his work. And that work is not very good. He manages hundreds of sexual offenders who dominate his authority. Allison goes with Erroll on many calls to look at his "group" of criminals and learn that he really needs to retire. But Erroll is good to his work even though his technique is not. He mocks the sex advocates and even has a physical conflict with them. Error confirms his actions by bringing these passes to lose. This is a "good legitimacy" that faces the audience at a certain level, leaving us to see how Erroll is brutal and still how it is out of touch has been (to be very close to his work). <br /> <br /> When a little girl gets away from Erroll's “scene,” she jumps fast that she was caught by one of her group. But how could he know? What? Erroll is good at his work? Allison defeats him and Erroll pushes again. Their war was as strong as Erroll need to find this missing girl. Even if you put it to the same story, it did not have a mpf! I will give you credit to Richard Gere, however, who plays the character of Erroll very well. Win retirement. Worried about everyone around his group. He is angry with those involved and managing. He was concerned about himself by doing some of the things he does. Big changes in Gere's behavior. But more of it is no more. Some sets are the same (dark and dangerous) but there are many other problems to be interesting. <br /> <br /> I'll be the first to admit that suspension is a demand at any time to watch the film. But the suspension there are limits. Great pressures against those borders are the destruction of significant criminal events. A knowledgeable person like Erroll would know that moving the body would be great no-no. Or crush through a crime scene. Or evidence moving. It went further and hurt the film to the end. The other part of this film is that we never get into the character of Clair Danes, Allison. He almost dropped through late at the end of the film and we never know what his direction can be: What? Will he live or leave? What? Will he live like Erroll if he lives? This is not a horrible film as it affects the unstable land, but the whole story needs to be strengthened.
