It's like this ... you put it on a DVD and something more professional than you see over the next ninety minutes is a logo of the distribution company. And this time, you know you've been hit all over. People usually believe enough to assume that if something on a DVD, it will have a certain level - at least financially if it's not creative. But sadly this is not the case. Distribution companies are very happy to give off DVD movies and take them out to the mall to wait for an unsuspecting buyer with a well-designed DVD. The weight of this project is the most likely for the founders of the movie scenery Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name can be known among the fans of since since he is responsible for other low-budget movies, "Rage of Werewolf", "Waswolf Stories" " and so on. The “Werewolf Blood” includes three independent autonomous stories that have no real relationship with the fact that they are involved with the legacy of inheritance. The first part, "The Reunion of Blood", significantly puts the voice on the whole thing ... the man returns to his home to look at the girl who had to crush, only to find that his grandmother's authority refuses to let him have a relationship with men, and for The reasons that somehow relate to the mystery of the dark family. This item is directed well, contrary to conversion, and essentially nothing deserves what you can give with a few friends and a home camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood", perhaps is the third most powerful and dominated by Lindenmuth himself. It says the story of a married couple, one of them is a shapeshifter and another wants this authority. His intention is given, but he cannot be a creature he saw. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than other filmmakers who worked on this project, but it is still not enough to raise on the level of an amateur movie. And finally we have "Manbeast", where one of the army runs through the forest while being chased by two other fellas. They like to kill him if he has been hit by an animal and is believed to be dangerous, but it can all be as it seems. This has a fascinating concept, but it has been installed for a very long time, and if you do not know what "misleading" is located in the first ten minutes then it may not be very sharp. This is a huge amount of problem with this entire DVD ... A few good ideas are not enough to justify the use of money on something like this. After all, would you like to pay a photo that you can wear?
