"Spielberg likes the smell of feeling when morning but feeling at the expense of the story of no one should love it." - Lucius Shepard <br /> <br /> "color paint" takes place in the South in the late 1900s, and describes the story of Celie and Nettie, two African sisters. The movie opens with girls playing in the purple, wild wild flowers that burst rapidly and appear to their dad's father. This motif ?? guilty of interference by men? facing the entire film. <br /> <br /> The movie launches a series of short series. Celie has been re-deployed by her father, born in the barn, has a newborn baby taken away and is forced to marry a widow in the area named Albert Johnson, who has been a strong man who regularly makes her, forcing her to cook, cleaning and caring for his children. All these awesome parks are given a short period of screens, and instead are surrounded by a pixie dust film, a sign of symphonic symptoms, abnormal comedy and a very powerful camera function. The growing effect is like the connectivity of the cartoon of Disney and the movie of rape, aesthetic jarring which led to Strickley Kubrick saying that "Purple colors" made it nausated that it had to close after ten minutes. Ten minutes? He continued long. This video is often said to handle "racism", "sexuality" and "black culture", but this is not true. Alice Walker, a novelist of which the film is standing, claims to be sex but it is really lesbian's closet. His book is a fantasy of lesbians, a story of feminine freedom and self-discovery, which makes men as violent strokes who write women. For Walker, the only way out of this maze is for women connected together for a variety of lesbians, black sisters and female independence. The lens of the comfort of the American story. This is the film that the power of Christian liberation overcomes the inherent humanity. The film where Albert finds himself in different forms of ignorance, during an unsupported comedy to make him look like a whisperer. A film that all parties are released from a few racial exhibitions, sand comprises cunning men (always fascinating and devilish smiles and toothy pain), hundreds of powerful oil, jazz groups and gospel galleries. <br /> <br /> This is a film that people of black color are usually like children, easily and happily accept their social status. The film that black people are sexually active, physical sensualists dominated by brutal desires. The film which poverty and class issues are not quite visible (Albert lives in a big house) and black men don't know at all. This is not in South America, this is the Old South as derived from "Gone With the Wind", MGM Muscals, "South Song", Warner Cartoons, "Halleluha!" and banning Disney movies. In other words, it is South as shown by the child who raised it on the TV's 50. That's all cartoonish, so the racist in such a way reduces these men for one ethnic ethnic ethnicity, that black artist Ishmael Reed did so with the Nazi conspiracy. Of course, in the usual style of Spielberg film ends and family bonds are healed. This reconciliation was in the Walker novel, but Spielberg goes further by having every character in the story of reconciliation with their brothers. <br /> <br /> More than a letter of hate for Walker for black men and a wonderful caricaturing of Spielberg's black life, we are not shown anything of the black community. We have only thoughtless ideas about how any of these characters make life and no awareness about how they interact with others in their community. Instead, the Spielberg camera jumps up, fighting carefully for our priority (one of the division of the kitchen of Celie looks like it's in the movie "Home alone"), every impression on play, the director does not stop focusing on something or allowing it A bit of life just pass. This couple with the music "Quincy Jones" with a ridiculously "white", and you have one of the most amazing films in the history of the movie: The women's way of anger done by a white Jew in Disney style and Griffith, scored with a black man trying to imitate John Williams. <br /> <br /> The problem is also a lack of white characters. Consider: The men in this film are not shown to be bad for each other, and they do not dominate women because they suffer from a color-colored society that reduces their humanity. No, they are cruel in nature. And women, like sadness like Celie or rebels and tough as her sister, tolerate and live just because men are too stupid to destroy them. The best film has not only emphasized the abuse of women as it occurs among those who have been abused, rather it would be a social abuse that has caused marital violence, that female women who have been forced to work as work as men (while still fulfilling their obligations). female female) and that domestic violence in Africa is largely due to economic reasons, women cannot join their children alone. And so there is a secret concept in the work here. Later in one film the character describes another that since he did not respect his wife, he was injured to be beaten and beaten by white people. For it is that white people need to return to their African roots to restore their own glory and that it is their fault that whites are breaking them badly. ie mutual respect in your poor community and you cannot run white cultures. - / Over 3/10 - Failure to deal with sex and superstition, inappropriate music numbers, an uncomplicated sequence of external pizazz, non-emerging comic business, amazing musical business, and music , all contribute to the "Purple Color" does not mean.
