First of all, I would like to say that I like the "Women" diagram on SNL. I always laugh loudly in the image of Tim Meadows of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between the 8-minute sketch and the movie's length. Watching Leon doing his show and giving a bad comment to his audience and coming up with all kinds of show groups, as "Ladies Man Offers ..." which reminds "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ..." is quite hilarious. There is a great place where Cameron Diaz plays Monica Lewinski, and Leon makes Bill and calls it "Breakfast Office." Look, that's funny! <br /> <br /> In the film, we don't see Leon on show often. In fact, he gets hostage from almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his efforts of true love, including a secret letter that has fallen on his house, signed by "Sweet Thing." Karyn Parsons, who is known for playing Hillary on "Good King Bel Air," works with him in the show and has a secret to crush Leon. The only movie piles on one boring subplot after another. And gags are boring too. At first we see Leon mentioning the word "wang" is pretty funny. When he uses it frequently, trying to get laughter, the joke runs dry. Most of the jokes he uses in the film are the jokes we've heard before, and we've done better, in the SNL diagram and we played at an hour and twenty-five minutes. They are even trying to incorporate the music number by Will Ferrell and his team Ladies' Man's enemy, who all want to destroy him because their wives were connected with him, bringing life into this comedy without ignorance. Ferrell has a momentous time, and he tries to do better for a useless role. Ferrell has only a unique talent of comic, and he is funny almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a cameo. Looking at him, you can't wonder "What does hell is an Oscar actor doing in this film!" His name was not mentioned in the opening credit - perhaps with his permission. And of course the film of this theme includes the Master of Love himself, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is charismatic as always, but even can't breathe enough life on this film. It should also add that the voice sounds are full of R&B errors, which damage the film even more, releasing an alarming sound - if the script is not enough. I mean, this "should be" to be comedy. Sounds sound would be appropriate for something like "Love Jones." <br /> <br /> "Ladies Man" has only regular laughs. There is a difference that SNL can produce a great movie out of a short sketch. Look at both movies of "Wayne's World", and you'll see how it's done. But this film, as well as adjusting the character of Mary Catherine Gallagher to the screen in "Superstar," shows the flip side. Some animations are meant to be remembered on SNL, and not on the screens. My logo: 3 (between 10)
