Most of the leading actors in the 1969 film Hideo Gosha "Hitokiri" (killer of murder; aka "Tenchu" - the punishment of heaven) were a real historical figure (in the form of "western name"). Ryoma Sakamoto, Hampeita Takechi, Shimbei Tanaka, It Okada, ____. The name "Hitokiri," a historic word, refers to a group of four swordsmen who have committed many massacres in the Tokugawa Shogunate rule between the 1800s under the command of Takechi, the leader of "Loyalist" (ie ultra-national,). Pro-King) The family group of Tosa. What was this effort? Unfortunately, you can't find in this film. "The History of the Lesson of Truth" indeed! No, Gosha is more interested in showing you the most common blood loss and shouting and (in an unusual time) tortured inside of a fierce killer It Okada than in revealing real history. Sakamoto, for example, was a man of historical importance, thought to be the father of Imperial Japanese Navy. The new gosha provides a history of history is the area where Sakamoto, whom Takechi considers to be a traitor for Loyalist, comes to Takechi's house to try to lead her. He starts by talking about the international political situation, and foreign shipping ships in Japan and Japan ports which are very weak military to defend against them. Want to know more? Sorry. Gosha is looking for this interesting speech in the middle sentence (!). To a large extent by telling his audience about the turning point in Japanese history. <br /> <br /> The movie has left me in absolute chaos on two goals in this fight. For two and a half years the Shogunate had the dominant power in Japan, it was a dedicated institution to prevent social change, to preserve human relationships. It was afraid of impurities, both ideological and technology. Based on this spirit, it gave us a weapon, to "strengthen" Europe and America, which residents could stand for a samurai. During this period, the King was nothing more than a spiritual example. But, in the cities, which stood in neutral areas between the feudal regions, the new class of businessmen, home owners and students were continuing - - a class known in Europe and its French name, bwenigeoisi. In fact, as this new class got stronger, it condemned many of the feudal society. As in Europe, the emperor (Emperor) served as a central capital in the struggle of delegates for power against royal enmity. But political leadership does not fully understand the interests of the class serve. When the outside world came in with 1853, in the form of U.S. Black Ships. Admiral Perry, Japanese scholars were beaten in a crisis. Their troops were not equal to these visitors. Also, they had heard of the English and French anger that was destroying in China. What should Japan do to save itself from the fate of its weak neighbor? Surprisingly, some elements within the common shogunate separation were to prefer to open business with foreigners to get their advanced technology. This is the idea of ​​the idea presented (just difficult) in the film and Sakamoto. On the other hand, the faithful-loyal international-trusted, represented by Takechi, believed that they could drive out foreigners with force, if only they could prevent another group of "exporting the country." (A known voice?) Therefore, the murder of the key figures of Shogunate is the same - and far we go. Takesho's Takechi was for me, the biggest puzzle of the film. Gosha suggests that he is particularly fighting for his personal development rather than Loyalist's cause. What? Can we take this to represent the loyalty of the general? (Are you concerned?) <br /> <br /> Several viewers have compared this film to "Goyokin," which Gosha did the same year. But, where "Goyokin" is a stick, an amazing, yard of adventure, and a hero deserves mercy, "Hitokiri" is plodding, anywhere near and fail and do not have a hero. Sakamoto would be a hero of this film but we are not allowed to know him - nor what he stands - well for him to reach the situation. From its amazing perspective for the past five years Kurosawa movies, Masaru Sato's logo here was desperate, sounding like something rejected from the "Bonanza Period". Barry Freed
