This is it. This is one. This is a very bad film made. Forever. It blows everything. I've never seen more. Remove the trophies and give these people ..... no comparison. Even three days after watching this (for some reason I still do not know why) I can't believe how interesting this movie is / was. Its very bad. So far from anything that can be considered to be a film, story or anything that should be created and brought into our existence. That made me question whether or not men were actually put here on the earth to do good. It made me feel concerned with ourselves and our development as a kind in this world. This kind of movie hurts us as a society. We should be ashamed. In fact I cannot emphasize that our role in the world as people living here and creating art, is that we need to prevent the creation of this great deception of our reality for our own benefit. It's a shame. I do not know how in the world there are any of these actors, authors, or the director of this film sleeps at night knowing that they were responsible for making "Loaded". I do not know what kind of monsters to enjoy watching these types of films. <br /> <br /> That is said, I would like a good "bad" movie. I love Shark Attack 3, I love Bad Bad, they are HELL. I tell all my friends to see them because they are "bad". But this ....... this passes the "bad" line in a whole new direction. This is very bad. This is bad when you know everything that will happen, every line, every step, every death, every sequence before it happens; and not as second or two before, I would like, after watching the first 5 minutes before. Every edit of "effect" when used frequently for the disease stage. I never wanted to see the camera "shaky" "medicine buzz rush" effect or jump cuts or swerve cuts or ANY FANCY CUT IN TOTAL. This is very interesting, repetitive and just for the audience. But ....... and allow me to be special here, something more DISTURBING about this film is that it was produced, it seems that a large amount of money was actually put in this round. I myself will take the shoulders of the director if I see him and surrender in surrender, claiming he is running home and swallowing two Drain-O grenades or I will do it. If we need a new kind of suffering for our prisoners abroad, we should continue to show them this film in a frequently beaten cell. Believe me, I think they will have more wonders and suicide channels after 72 hours of staying this way. <br /> <br /> Leave these films, it's just worse in all aspects of our society. Please. Leave. NOW.
