This "document" is proof of talent used for meaningful purposes. The fact that it is sponsored by the venezuelan government is a lack of legitimacy for the purpose of finding out what happened during those terrible days of April 2002 in Venezuela, something even we do not know about. There are ways to lie, and the directors of these things speak both for lack of knowledge. The political app of the venezuelan is very difficult to be easily understood by foreign audiences, and they use it. For example * SPOILERS HOUSE * show the protesters Ch치vez are shooting on an empty road (what does hell do?) By saying they did not kill anyone, but they were not afraid to show the pictures we all saw here, the opposition representatives (and author The news) fall dead or injured on the other side of the "empty" street. He cannot explain why a political police striker was the only one who was allowed to fly on Caracas that day and did nothing against the fighters who were on the roofs of buildings near the presidential palace, which would show how it would be a security step to protect the President. A few days after the "fight", the head of the military guard was involved in the National Congress (Congress) why they did not act against the fighters and said "because they did not act against the president", is not that confession? There is much more, the fact that the highest army announced that Ch치vez resigned and 2 days later said he had lied because "politics" and today is the Interior Minister of the Ch치vez Administration. It will take me thousands of words to describe all the lies shown in this "document", carried out with the intention of selling the world. The image of an elderly elder Hugo Ch치vez who has ruled for the poor and the rough opposition of the rich who want him out at all costs, while the fact is that 60-70% of people reject his government, and that percentage includes the poor. > <br /> I hope those of you who have seen and bought this will be able to see a different version that is being done b. A group of indigenous people show less than 30 lies.
