(48 out of 278 people received these important comments, and counting ...) <br /> <br /> People are such suckers for pictures and looks - such as "idealism" mentality that builds behind the Communist. Che charisma and seems to have a lot to do with its magical link as non-information information that has been propagated by the Leftist propaganda (such as this film) on it. I don't know it's worse: to have been taken by one of the killer's killer or have to stay for 4 hours of Soderberghian trash. The question is not that this livestock project was done but what took it for a long time. For "their" I am talking about, of course, with the left hand of Hollywood and his love "secret" of the Marxist rebels (Lenin, Castro ... take your pick). I am impressed that it took many years for one of Tinseltown's unfortunate directors to finally take a propaganda proportional project. Where did Oliver Stone have all these years? Robert Redford? Tim Robbins? Warren Beatty? Alan Pakula? George Clooney? Barbra Streisand even? It's a secret. Often these "artists" have often embarked on the same political and political projects, but in some way Che Guevara, who is well-known and well-known communist, was not yet the head of their film. <Br /> <br /> "Guerrilla" has all the views of the true American story of the epic level; there are many true facts that are available here as in other Hollywood's great political budget documents such as "Malcolm X" or "Gandhi", for example no. Star Toro films as a popular Argentina revolution. However, the controversy and crime of this person may be, one thing no one can take: was a intelligent manipulator who came from a wealthy family - why Del Toro supports the bill. Del Toro may be an attractive, proud and resembling actor of Guevara, but does not know any sense of intelligence, so it makes Guevara come off as a very young. Small framing such as Bratt, Philips and Franka Incompetente shows only the lack of sound judgment. Even a skilled director like Kubrick would consider enjoying a more advanced 3-hour film, so it says that this Soderbergh, who has made only one or two movies in his career, would think that his greatness of Oceanic was on duty. If you think the length of the film shows that the life of Che's life is shown here - then think again. Soderbergh considers the final phase of Che, and many films are the worst of the jungle, full of idealism of Guevara's claim. (Psychopath is unethical.) I am wondering what kind of mind this master's director should decide to ignore some of the earlier life of Che. What? Did he really see it not interesting? The killings of 600 people have no interest in the viewer, huh? It's amazing. Some of the best directors than this most interesting trick would be easily suited not one but perfect full biographies within a movie of 4 hours. The dark - which is more than 90% - of Guevara. By spreading this kind of historic innovation, carefully ignoring the improper truth (God should not destroy the sacred image of Che), Soderbergh has not proved to be a man - the fake pictures that many of Hollywood and pop music are fighting for all their work by holding - but opposite : that he cares only about ideas, never on people who these ideas are experiments (like on guinea pigs). Soderbergh and so on are the worst kind of scholars; most people have a latent contempt for "proleteriat" (it is a stupid word) that are considered hard. All students around the world wear a picture of Che on their red and orange shirts, but without knowing why. He has been an example of a sign for the inexperienced, unknown, very often young people, who think that having this person's face in their chest somehow makes them “edgy”, mentally, hip or interesting. In fact, wearing the Che's shirt only describes the shallowness of the person and the total disinterest in private education. (Do you want to know more about a person before you start to announce his face to the world?) Wear Che for now-photo pictures has become commonly like having a cup of Bart Simpson's coffee. Both "Che-wearer" probably know more about the blue hair of Marge than they will learn about the dead partners of Fidel Castro. After everything was done in the name of Marx, one would think that these "values" of the translation would eventually rest. It seems that people will not learn. Stalin, Mao, Kim Il, Pol Pot, Castro, Milosevic, Ceausescu, Iron Street, a hundred million dead, more than a billion damaged physical and / or mentally through this system ... so no matter it, huh? The fact that Del Toro won the Cannes Award must surprise those who do not clueless on how Cannes and other European festivals work and vote. Secret: Sean Penn inspired the jury long ago. <br /> <br /> For my music-related lesions, go to: http://rateyourmusic.com/collection/Fedor8/
