The first part, Che in Cuba, is about that part of his life. It has a lot to distinguish and do not attend to so many injuries (note that Che was a doctor). Approaching as Castro conquers revolution; Che never found Havana. The second part, Che in Bolivia, is almost guess what. It has a lot of unprecedented violence and Attendance for so many victims. I found that this should be "epic" (I didn't know * anything * but the head before it started), I usually thought of a great epic of all, Lawrence David Lean of Arabia. Further later. <br /> <br /> We must not be a racist, but apart from what I have already said is the fact that there are many characters who are, well, unknown - unknown to Hispanic practitioners who look the same, especially considering all that wear "Che" and all wear Che's tiredness. This causes an observer to identify with anyone other than Che, Benicio del Toro (even Fidel has a very small role). At del del Toro, consider "Lawrence" by Peter O'Toole as the only visible character: no Alec Guinness, no Omar Sharif, no Anthony Quinn, etc.. You can get an idea. The other characters are exchanged, this leads to loss of memory. When Che's top supporters are killed, you feel sad since you don't know who you are. Even when Che was killed (I do not think that it is a spoiler), there is no understanding from the audience - he's just killed. He / she is also a one-dimensional approach to man. In addition to Jesus' coup and second only in moral integrity, the only thing we learned about Che is that he is married to five children (says another character close to the end). What motivation did he have? Full view. <br /> <br /> Maybe Soderbergh intends to lose. Like Soderbergh's Che, Lean will not tell us anything about Lawrence, the mysterious man of Arabia. But at least Lawrence had a friend (Sharif) and partners (Guinness, Quinn). He was as brave as he was - he had human qualities. Che is like a machine, such as the Terminator. Before this year there was another war, Mongol. Che makes Mongol look like It's a wonderful Life.
