Now Che (2008) has recently run the Australian movie (very little: 1 screens in Sydney, after 6wks), I can join without having to join the "At The Movies" hosts by taking Steven Soderbergh to work. <Br /> <br /> It is usually satisfactory to watch the film director to change his style / subject, but the recent Stinker of Soderbergh, Girl's experience (2009), also had no stories, so notes (and editing?) Seem to be Suderbergh's sudden major challenge. Wonderful, after 20 odd years in business. He might not have been very good in the details, he hid well within "edgy" projects. Nothing is happening now, diabolical failure. As David Stratton warns, "two parts of Che do not get (universal)." <br /> <br /> Epic Name by name, Che (2008) is not recommended to be a feature film! Certainly you have no feet, for except for its final uncharacteristic resolution is forced by history, the Soderbergh Festival of 4.5hrs-long does not go anywhere. Even Margaret Pomeranz, who forgives over At The Movies of Australia's duo, noted about the regular waste of Soderbergh (digital storage of HD): "you're in the bushes ... you're in the bushes ... you're in the forest ... ... ". I am also surprised by Soderbergh did not give us two 2.5 hours of a certain part of its two pieces, because they still came out of the major groups of Che "revolutionary"! To biopic of important but bad historic statistics, Soderbergh cannot abandon it, if it is not deliberately insulting, its audience with <br /> <br /> 1. never give more of Che's story; 2.1.3 to improve the length of non-prudent films and repeat only; <br /> <br /> 3. ignoring both true facts and events of events; <br /> <br /> 4. difficult to develop an idea, or character; The remaining HIV / AIDS diseases; > translating languages ​​to all audiences (even Spanish speakers will be confused with non-English presentations); and do not ignore his main lesson in one direction. Why, at this point of late? The T-shirt franchise has succeeded! Our feelings of claustrophobia are certainly because of Peter Buchman and Benjamin VanDer Veen are only targeting their screenplay on the Memoirs of Guevara. Therefore, as a poor student who has just read one of the scriptures made for his work, the product of Soderbergh is very limited in view. The listeners are tied to the same knowledge, environment and the "revolutionary" environment, but that is not worth our mercy. Instead, it tells us that "Ah, Soderbergh is trying to convince his listeners the same as Latino farmers were at that time". But these are people who are illiterate with Latino farmers who bought a good doctor for his enemies. Why does Soderberg feel the need to assess us with us, and put us in the same as intellectual transfer? The audience should have a purpose. <br /> <br /> Part 2 is more time than Part 1, but it deals with the head-bashing mind, pain perspective, and lack of different types or behavior. Che DelToro have no opportunity to grow as a person while trying to educate his wounded soldiers. Just leave it as humorous as Che deals with her at times who do not know "revolutionaries", some of whom have no control over joining local farmers or food. Surely we do not have any knowledge of what caused the situation, nor any strategic analysis of the uprising, as it was. Counting part of Part2 partly remains fearful: again, nothing is called telegraphe or identifiable. So even events with Fidel Castro (Demián Bichir) are unlikely and are broken. Any selected events are shown to a lesser extent by Latino-centrically, and Part1 interviews have been changed by the converting time between the damaged President of Bolivia (Joaquim de Almeida) and the US Government leaders promised CIA intervention (!) <br /> < br>> The rest of the Part2 "trees" and the night of the night with a blue filter convince the audience until they look at the eyes. Maybe DelToro also felt very confused by many non-American Latinos about never getting a true, non-confidential history of the local Che. While foreign governments will not give you free media for their people - for any reason - then one can see how a famous Indian producer can establish an illiterate influence ("I can't read or write, but I am not reading and writing!" "- see the General Registrar (1949) on their local movies. A clear film refuses and high-quality simplification that focuses solely on the insights of the WHO who say less English. If they did, they could read the lessons on the matter already, and reflect on the social issues concerned between them - learning the history of history as they should. Such knowledge is what society still needs - and not just Latin Latin and Latin America - but what Che (2008) carefully cannot give. Soderbergh sells his leadership because he is weak on details. I am frustrated that Benicio DelToro deliberately decided to Soderbergh for this project if he knew this. It has been 44 years, reflecting on Guevara was very demanding: what I went to see this film, but the director rejects us. David Stratton, writing in The Australian (03-October-2009) saw that when Part 1 was "uneven", the "real-time" hurry "from there," struck the final Che campaign. Bolivia with a good detail ", which" ... feels close to a sharp and turgid decline ". <br /> Che: Part Guerilla aka Section2 is not true of travelogue to Bolivia, drawing a picture of trouble and atavism. The second half is only redeemed by the aforementioned humor, and surprisingly - but surprising - catching and implementing the film lesson. All of this legitimacy of endless movies is just combining, sadness is offensive - considering, for Soderbergh film, avoided at all costs. It deserves to break the hearts of all who know even the confusion about the subject. (2/10)
