I was exploring the video of Joe Bob Briggs stories "We are journalists". I saw many stinkers, but this was worse, and years has never been kind - it's still the worst crime against the movie I ever preached. Don't get bad - TERROR's CAGED is known to have more professional capabilities than, say, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or GUY from HARLEM or something of that ilk. What stops her claim as the worst Movie of all time for me is its unique combination of clear and destructive breathing. What is the definition of Vietnam? Ecological demonstration? Compete for the race? Learn about human adultery for man? The novel practice in the widgets are designed around (near) the length of the length? In short: a young city specialist (perhaps a very popular screen character). Somehow deceives an Asian and American partner in the camps in the forest with him. After the forehead-beating for a literary vote for the best hour, they flee two fugitives, Jarvis (the right brother) and Troubadour (guitar-erasing Manson Family refusing). Hey, twist plot! Tension! Step! Troubled! Indeed, no, found-found-planned-smooth-soft-la-chicken-and-soft-to-smooth. Assistant supervising the question without looking for adults and journalists, "No ... no ... please ... don't know ..." At the same time, Jarvis speaks to Troubadour as "Trouby" once every two minutes, in his mind nothing like a guest star of the people of POD Juan Picquer. That's about all that happens in the CERED TERROR, and such words make it seem to be acceptable. But I believe, I have seen thousands of movies in my life, and this has remained, for eight years since I first saw it, it's worse. (I pop in the old VCR once every two years or so just assure yourself, and assure I will surely do.) I think the feature that makes the CAGED TERROR especially particularly hate is this: very little happens, and though what little does not happen happens very well and Slowly, what really makes it unacceptable is enough for the film's representatives to really want to beat a message type under your throat. But because CAGED TERROR is not available and useless, what is planned as a civil lesson becomes a collapse of a severe disruption. This film is 75 minutes long and it feels like three and a half hours. It's awesome, really really awesome. Folks, I believe, I saw GHOSTS TO GO and this is even worse. Go see! You will love me. And I curse. Just for the record, my favorite line: (In the TERROR OF CAGED but maybe ALL) "Well, well, maybe you think Solomon's words was an example of Christ's love for the church ...!" (RECOMMENDATION: Must be released in a solid voice.)
