Please bother me if you would, for a moment when I mentioned you back to the ALLEY CAT VHS box. It says that: <br /> <br /> In this part of the city every road is the end of the dead - every corner of the purchase-in every way of the death-way to live you should be better - such as Alley's Cat . Alley Cat- this woman owns the night. On the road where even insects are affected it knows how to survive - on the cross it has also lost luck. Alley Cat- This animal has been raised. <br /> Now is not one of the most amazing wonders you have ever heard in your life? Anyone who wrote this should be insane if they thought the bad information could tempt us in watching the video. However, unfortunately, everyone who has no feelings towards the abuse of English was doing their work very well. The movie contained within a small plastic case is as bad as it looks, and then others. Karin Mani is responsible for the head, and the script tells him exactly when each area is given or a) Pout like goldfish b) Kick male kick or c) Show off his 'female qualities'. There are no complaints on the last, but on the other side .. let's just say he is not a lot of actor, and it's even less persuasive as a military expert. But even Meryl Streep and Cynthia Rothrock's body (what horrible idea) will fail to save this film. The disclosure of the conspiracy is more boring than faith, when we find a series of anti-redirection after enough, just stop for the shenanigans of the hysterical court and the area of ​​constant love by Robert Torti. The camera function also follows the same way of embarrassment, and a lot of interference in too much and promoting quantity increases. <br /> <br /> A section that I think is the total of this scum bucket of the movie up where our heroine is sexually assaulted, and finds himself witnessing before a convicted judge when his man looked at him from the box. Not only does he leave for free without good evidence against him, but he himself is imprisoned for wanting to resist the decision before his Master. Behind the bars, he then has a group shower, losing lesbian, cat's championship and a good game of swelil before being opened to securities to continue the battle. This ten-minute section is not associated with the remaining film, and the screen appears to stop closing. I can only imagine the manufacturers who wanted to add more T & A mix, and come up with this useless program as a way to achieve that end. <br /> <br /> What kind of asking question, is this exploitation film, or a good game? Nor, it is my answer to that. It is not evil or enough camp to appeal to fans of Troma movies, and it certainly does not make a bridge as an anti-woman against the system .. just because it is so pleasing to be made. So who on earth would like to see it? Lunatics, I think .. or IMD consultants who stay up to three hours and watch any old garbage on the box while trying to get to sleep. Unfortunately this time I failed, and fear would remain with me for a long time. Don't make the same mistakes I did. Have hot milk, or something
