I see a few good ideas on this board, trying to revive this film from its destructive atmosphere and from the following worship. I see the ranting of the usual - "I think this film is not just a disturbance easily," "This movie is not Shakespeare," etc. What do I think? It was not "Road Trip"! And I laughed at me during the movie! There is a way to make a bright, unhappy player and make fun; and there is a way ... just make it worse and unavailable. "He was beaten" tries to be "Turning" without wit or mind. It seems written through the eyes of a young puerile of 14-year-old. For God, the characters in this film are supposed to be a white collar, the right people - and they talk like some of the idiots I knew in the freshman year of high school! Discussions have been discussed - more if they are immersed - with four-letter words. You would think that people of their situation would have some skills - and the greatest vocabulary. Just watch the film Still Stillman and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the talk seems to be a very real and interesting voice. If you know any successful employees, white-collar who talk as characters in this film - please let me know and explain to them. Their sexual repression is similar to that of a typical locker chat room among teenagers only when they arrive during pregnancy. There is absolutely no awareness in relationships, sex or ... anything !!! It is only a little forgiveness to show too many types - and don't take the word "too much" easily, because I mean with all my heart - unusual gags. These are gags without substances. Gags that mean more to sadness than laughing. The last event between Amanda Peet and her girlfriends was not required at all and they did not totally agree. There are some movies involving partnerships between women written and (right people) and playing out of wonder. This area includes a model of sex illustrations and symbols. It involves a kind of conversation that you can't think of leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of these spelling-guys. I had no faith in the second. The "obstacle" is a male fantasy patient that is flat if it burns. I got (very) a few laughs out of this comedy completely memorable, and those were perhaps the result of despair. When you are not laughing for a long period of time, you are looking at a lot of humor in less important things. So I can't write that it's positive.
