I expected to see Amanda Peet in another new role after the recent lease "Yards All What" - easily eligible for lease, by the way - but not so. <br /> <br /> I remembered that the trailer of "Whipped" was very strange and plot on the third York's confused New Yorker somethings all fall and get manipulated by Mrs. Biet Peint was worth the shot. So, I have persuaded two friends one day to come to see this movie with me. This review is my preference. In the first act we have three leading heads, talking about their victory in the diner. What should be surprising, or at least telling, comes instead of pathetic. Was there any quality of redemption for the three men to meet with whom we had to get out of this? <br /> [And while I don't care about movies that are fun, I wondered why no one in diner turn around when studs speak loudly about sex and scatalogical notes. Do they do this every week at the same dinner? You think someone can complain. Oh, wait, I forgot: the second second food looks at the same location. But this is just set up for punchline. Everyone else in the dinner is deaf. The second action consists of all three stars falling to Mia and then developing around the brain, competing to ask each other what is happening between four of them. And I kept asking myself, if the stars continue to act as they were, what qualities of redemption do they see in them for a long time than one day? Does he start with brain rot? I continued to have the hope of the character of Eric, a marriage partner, to be something more than just a stimulating fund in this situation. His role is clear to give advice on being married. But why are they bothering to talk to him when they talk? And its advice? Sheeesh! The third action decides that there is a plot but at this time I was looking at me. My friends told me they were waiting for something really nice to happen and I agreed. The whole section was enough and was able to clarify all the questions and conversations in the movie but we were looking at the list. ("Oh, okay, that's why Brad did that and Jonathan says this and ...") <br /> <br /> What we laughed we were due to the foolishness of a plot than anything it likes. It even comes out when the credit was not very funny. Finally I was left with nothing but a desire to warn people away from this film ... Rating: 3
