Being a music student myself, I thought that a movie on the shelf could be fun to watch. I didn't know ... (I had no idea that this film depended on the book by Britney Spears) This movie was not implausible around. It is obvious that anyone who wrote a script never put a foot in the conservatory and does not know something about classical music. I would like to give you just a few examples: 1) THE WORD RIGHT anyone who will admit to the classical barrier without any ordinary training! Having a good sound pop is not enough, instead, that's something completely different - other types, different methods. It's like playing violin when applying for a class of viola. 2) How did the woman who taught the theory of music was in the music jury? If he was not a professional professor, he did not want to say in such a situation, and if he was a professor of singing, why were we not told? 3) Being able to read music is important if you are important to music. 4) How did Angela get the video tape? That would have been confused, with the eyes of the jury only. Now either he got a tape from one of the professors or authors of the script had no clue. I wonder what ... 5) The professor of singing gave Holly's song Carmen saying "he had a kind", which he was not sure. Yes, he was able to sing the notes, but Carmen is mezzo-soprano, while Holly's voice seemed to be very lighter in the line, not the same as the song. 6) Worst of all: It's not just a film that shows amazing ignorance when it comes to classical music, but it doesn't try to hide. The communities that Angela is singing are identified beyond recognition, which is a painful pain in memory, where it is reduced in shame - Mozart would have entered its tomb. Habanera from Carmen seemed a bit too sometimes, too, and how it was renamed at the end shows just how little they think of classical music - it's hard and boring but hey, add dance and electric guitars and almost as good as Britney Spears! I know all this is a little explanation, but it would be very easy to avoid them for a little research. However, I could be chosen to suspend my unbelief and the perpetrators were clearly defined. But without it, I can't find any features of redemption in this film except one: it's good to laugh.
