Here we are: two travelers from a distant future world will come to the earth ... one is on a desperate mission to save life, another is a humanitarian machine that decided to remove a woman who will bear a savior of the whole race. <br /> <br /> Why can we call this killing machine? It is almost as if he is some sort of a destroyer, or a destroyer ... kind like a destroyer or something. What is the word I look for ... something that decides-things? However, the guardian (who quickly gives the white hat he gave from Luke Skywalker for local clothes) finds the young woman first and catches her with a later-born hero. Uhhhh bad ... "exterminator" kills some rednecks and steals guns and their clothes, then tries to look for a woman by visiting her workplace and asking around and looking too much in the eyes of people and repeating her name threatening. Then it begins a bad race for living as a "exterminator" who seems to feel and unable to defeat a couple along the country. Sometimes he can get boots and motorcycles, but I don't know. Maybe, at the end of an exciting, he will try to break down the wheels of a huge truck truck. .. acid. Then the truck will fall. They will be saved ... but no! He will come again, as power as ever. He will kill the protector and follow the girl on the plant of the meat, where in the terrible end, he is put into a large piece of cutting machine, and destroyed once and for all. <br /> I multiply you ... after all, I stopped watching this film after Mr. Guardian gave the girl Sean Young to kiss him on the bar, then tell him the baby will be born three days. <br /> <br /> Clothing and effects are best in this film ... I loved you the first time I saw them in Star Trek: Generation Next too! Sean Young makes other major changes like an unresponsive Replicant, and work of sweat Stephen Baldwin is also on board as a Boy Cop Cop Boyfriend. I don't know where he gets into the plot though ... maybe he's ordering from different movies of James Cameron?
