Unlike others, I refuse to call this sad relief for a movie to win a style on substances (I don't want to give a bad name bad name). However, it is the most beautiful explanation that comes to mind. Unreasonable, unhappy and ultimately shocking on the eyes and ears, "Wonderland" leaves only one to ask why the film was held in the first place and who in their right mind gave The green light on this dreary and tangled mess. Porn star biography John Holmes? The person's research, why did he enter the business and how it touched him? Great. It has been compelled to be compulsory, which should be entertaining. Stabbed to convince and attract over million levels (and I have zero interest on porn). But the confused, brutal, rashomon's research series of Holmes massacres was connected to after the work was over? Who in hell cares? What do we get? This film completely refuses an interesting feature of the life of John Holmes - that was a porno star! "Wonderland" can also be on anyone: the fact that the main character is the most popular male film film in history is almost useless. Do things over a thousand times, the image has been brought down by the jerkoff experiments - destroying machine gun machine, 95 camera basketball device, unwanted camera graphics and animation, etc. etc. The compelling and unique story, the director (and I use the word freely) has played a dozen or a technique from other films and decided to call it a movie of the movie, among these: the standard look, the bleach-bypass of "Narc "or" Traffic "or" Sub-report ". breach, often unknown, throw-pieces-of-film-in-air-cutting style of "Born Born Born" or "28 Days Later"; sound-of-the-song-to-evoke-of-the-period "Goodfellas" or "Dial;" groovy, a series of retro head of "Velvet Goldmine" or "Autofocus" or "Take Me If You Can." The list goes on. I like. I wanted to love this film. I had real hope for that. "Wonderland Avenue" has been around for years; he had an incredible killing environment rather than killing themselves, I think it would have worked. It was a massacre (and the increase in Holmes for a variety of seedy L.A.) showed the end of the work, or the end of '70s',' I think the film may be meaningful; could serve the purpose. As it is - it's useless. Unable. Who cares about the prevalence of a massacre in general not known by the public? The case is not known enough to verify the wrong investigation. This film should be the third act of "Hadith of John Holmes." That's right. Period. And it can work. What is it? Oh, certainly, certainly, they didn't want to tell the traditional story of the fall and fall. They did not want to do "Boogie Light" or "Goodfellas" or "Star 80" or "Autofocus." They wanted their film to be different. Right? Well, in one sense, they succeeded. There is a big difference between these films and "Wonderland." The difference is these beautiful films. <br /> <br />
