I was thrilled when I heard that they finally did this awesome event on the movie. All the time (1980s in Southern California) and the issue (the drug industry and porn) is an exciting thing for me. I thought this would be a fierce fire. I am very unhappy with Kilmer's choice as Holmes, not available for physical appearance or way. I think she sells tickets? However, I was willing to ignore this and give the right shot. I was shocked that there were only four other people in the playground and I was the first day of the show. Now all crimes and stories in the film are difficult to do, I will accept it. There were no witnesses of this cruel and brutal act. John Holmes was present, but he was also a doctor of the doctor and worried about what would happen to his family (and independent) if he spoke to the police about it. In fact, Holmes never witnessed of what happened and crime did not succeed. So this was still one big secret, a mystery which this film has nothing to throw. The person who writes the screenplay was full of wisdom and many of the main characters have died. However, no true story, it is fragmented claptrap. The script is lighter and artists struggling to cope with thin lines of paper for combining. Film does not give insight into Holmes or other people involved. Kilmer's behavior lasts for a long time, her boyfriend is small, police are joking. Even Kudrow tries hard to make a pleasant job look great. It's a very detailed piece and dare to say, boring. The director even tries to turn it into a love story. Which is good, unless you just know anything about what piece of garbage John Holmes really was. Probably several views of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" could be helped here. "Boogie Nights" was creative and exciting at every turn. This film on the other hand was flat and without any charm or style. Even the music was not available, and Duran Duran is played in an area that was supposed to be held in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There may be a good film according to this awesome event, but I haven't seen it yet. I have not seen even a decent person (except when you see Rahad Jackson's location from the Boogie Light).
