Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity and remake of his original Ju-On The Grudge film. While I haven't seen the film, I will need to discover that there are more ideas and backgrounds (or some of the nature of the deficit, in other words, the knowledge and titles of the Japanese spiritual film) than in its guided restructuring. Perhaps the script is written somehow to have some kind of appeal, or I'd like to guess the availability, for the American audience. What begins with a certain ability - the taste of something that is very visible and continuing with the movement of Bill Pullman - enters into a total jumble. And as a terrible movie? Gimme break. The tension is built on the situation - a nurse who will take care of a confused woman in a haunted home - but identifies everything she wants to get her listeners to feel. Scares? What? About how much time you have been made to know when you expect something. Black cat? Yes, why not just do the spiritual thing as a cat for moisture which, in fact, is just creepy if you want a cat. Plot? Why not just avoid between the old and now without the example of true flow how the story can tell (meaning, when flashbacks are inserted and it means to be alive with the story in general, they are not), or therefore something that we care about anyone in the cast. When the characters, or those present for the exhibition, move around to tell us what's going on or whatever, there is little point of keeping. Making a film is shoddy (ie a rule of 180 degree is often broken up and not a means of forgiveness or exciting), and the exhibition is even tense when looking at panic or shock (Gellar is particularly desperate, but Pullman, who shows up later after its first location, it is a bad miscast. Even when Shimizu tries to the standard of "Boo", such as the woman in the office building and expelled by the spirit of Grudge, it is still silly. Just look when he goes on the elevator and the soul is behind the shots. Maybe you're going to go with it, and if it's more powerful for you, or you'll be hysterically in results. I count it last. I don't know exactly where this project was wrong - Should Shimizu have to do it again in the studio, or can't give enough opportunity for its visionary revolution? Or maybe Raimi had some say in it and made the most dirty things and / or better than they would have with someone else. Anger gives us a lot of details that are insignificant or at least give us food for fear of chewing. It is the trash of cineplex of the sad procedure.
