There are many very good people in this film. That's probably the best thing about it. Maybe even makes it worth looking. "Loaded" says the story of Tristan Price (Jesse Metcalfe), a young man who is about to make his mark in the world. He is a good son of good reputation, and is in his law school. But as such settings, things are not as perfect as visible. The expectations of this family are increasingly expanding love. Without school, Tristan's father did not allow him to leave home. This seems to be the result of another horrible event that brought down the family, which is revealed in a dirty way but has not been written to the end. The claustrophobic condition of Tristan makes him uncomfortable in the first possible opportunity, his friends taking him to the club's club to celebrate his award. The celebration recently followed some of the attackers back to the beach house, and from there, Tristan's friends of Sebastian Cole (Corey Large), who pulls out of drugs to deal underground. <br /> <br /> During a well-conducted reviews, this movie faces a missingluster script and storyline that is not very involved. Also counting on this film is some of the regular cameras' techniques that were usually seen out of anger and out of place, such as slow motion, quick motion, freezing frames and echos. These are the types of effects the director can use to show the attitude of behavior when he has drugs, except in this case they seem to have been repeatedly beaten in random points, for a cheap attempt in fashion. In spite of its unfamiliar relatives, the performances were good round, especially with respect to the main character (Corey Great). I condemn we will see at least two people in big projects and better in the future. <br /> <br /> Of course, when mentioning executives, I must mention their appearance. A fire-related rating, these films show 11. Women in this film are wonderful-looking and almost stop you from the scary film you are looking at. I am sure the male characters are also interesting, but you will need to ask someone else to comment on it. Overall, I can't recommend this film, not to buy, rent, or even see for free. Unfortunately not only the value of effort takes to stay.
