Viewers on everything including a headline (now amazing) would like to believe this is some kind of a movie, but, my people trust, this is one of the worst films you can see, and like you 'not laugh for five minutes, I would say you have lost your sense of humor. David Niven has an RAF attempt that has been destroyed by the brave which somehow thinks it is right to involve an attractive (female) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love, as he strikes his death and fire. (Isn't it romantic ...) Of course, he has been saved by a metaphysical position, and climbs up on the beach, just as the air traffic controller runs on his bicycle. (Immediately takes care of). <br /> <br /> Looking at a small homo-erotic part, (on top you need to call it as a supertexts, from a young man who was sitting without lock in the sand playing a sun-zone-esquire theme on his little flute, for The courier of heaven so his campy / queen-makeup is caked in a deeper depth than women '), the most amazing things of the movie are how to remove such a bad caricatures of national and racial discrimination within an attempt to fail to give some points about the situation of nature and power of love. We get it - boys flying like girls in skirts and heels, and girls like 'em back, and, apparently, all you do is right to make it possible for your movie to get 10 stars on IMDb. With regard to the quality of production, promotion / editing is poor enough to mobilize, and lighting is, perhaps, even worse than that, but you do not have time to identify because the script is very bad. There are games played by Technicolor, (whatever is going to heaven is black and white as you can understand the feeling for it), and shade, (so funny member of the audience who usually like movies like this really enjoyable and laugh when then the motorcycle doc finally ended with fire), and freeze-motion, (which is the funniest of all because the female leadership is poor stand still you know the hands of the steps were guffawing off the camera). The best shots are the first on the beach, but, after that, it all comes from. (Moving as an escalator is moving) staircase is difficult Odessa Steps, say at least, and I'd like to warn anyone from feeling if they could see this attempt to lose in making movies to their account. The movie is generally bad enough to be funny, and that's about the best thing I can say for it.
