Every time, a group of friends, and a small budget but passion and talent bags, will create a low-cost budget that takes the world of fear and storm. Raimi and cooperation. did so with the dead dead, Jackson and pals succeeded by Bad Taste; and Myrick and Sanchez made a contribution to the Blair Witch Project. <br /> <br /> Baby Todd's director and his chums, however, should lose forever in the care of relatives if the blood Blood is anything to go. How to not be afraid of the quest, this sad effort (about the symptoms of the meat-meat zombies) reminds that, while many people today have a video camera, many should not take that as their cue to try their hand in making a movie full of long. It is not that the paper has not got a good eye shot (some of the camera corners and its movements are really good), but instead a) has a buso script b) has a good forest, and c) does not know that he has a lousy script and cast. Which means that the last film is an amateur in the extreme, and the possibility of being monitored by anyone except the film's film zombie (like me) or members of the cast by the staff (like those who have written good film comments). Zombie Blood Blood is aimed at having no choice of gore-hounds, and Paper (which now has 34 wonderful names under its corridor as director) certainly goes out of its fun way, and buckets of damage and blood are thrown all the time . But when these have never been feeling, they are not very persuasive, and soon they are worried. Therefore, in summary, this is a very bad film, and no items that are close to redeeming. Except two: <br /> <br /> First, it puts one of the largest single mullet in the history of the film, as played by Jerry Angell, who plays Larry (with several zombies). The glory of its barnet (with stimulating mustache) is the only reason to watch this film. Second, it has 'evil Zombi': meat eating meat that awaits victims of unfortunate walking and, before jumping from a hiding place to launch a weak attack, which requires almost no effort to escape. It is more commonly known to look behind the door for hours waiting for someone to open it, 'Evil Zombi' and also hide behind the lower walls, or stay in volunteering churches as members of the congregation. Usually this bad movie would get 1/10 from me, but, in the Jerry Angell locks ceremony, I will give my maximum for 2/10.
