* It is possible to spoiler * <br /> <br /> 'Go back to Cabin and Lake' is an inappropriate movie. Acting was not good and the plot was not even interesting. <br /> <br /> 'Cabin and Lake' is a good television movie. The pastor was not. Judd Nelson was very good in the first film and put much more in his character than this. It seemed like HE did not intend to do it. His work was good but it would be better. I don't want to comment on all the others of the cast because in my opinion, they don't mention value even. But I will do it. Alison's character does not even hard to be shown in the first part of the film. Suddenly he is in the center of attention near Stanley Caldwell. Responsibility does not make sense and it must be considered well. Dahlia Salem was quite awesome. His acting was less honorable and people giving should be looking for someone else, anyone else. Director, Mike, was a mixing habit. He seemed to have the purpose of being there but it was not found that his death was necessary. Acting for this role was good, nothing good but better than Salem. <br /> <br /> The program was really lousy if you think about it. Stanley, who is considered dead, makes his way on a set of 'Cabin and Lake', a movie derived from his script. He strikes the director and for a short time, the director has died and Stanley runs the show. Yes, outside the place the workers allow the visitor to come to the picture and finish the film without knowing anything about it. There are some murders, not much, and what is shown is ridiculous. One of the managers on the set gets electricity when publishing the location. Another character gets chewed with boats. And one is planted in plants before stopping. These writers should be hard for excitement. I should only say that I was not impressed with film movies. The way that continued to change from looking at the lower budget usually started to persuade them very quickly. Also, the new cabin for the lake was not created. We are not shown but only in a few cases, and anything with the sequence on the floor was useless. It worked only in the first film because we were shown more room, but didn't work in this one. There were too many characters in this sequel. All of them except a few had no reason to be there. The action of the little was shown was very bad and ... they had no purpose in this film. For all, 'Go back to Cabini and Lake' is picking up for sequel from where you first left. 'Cabin and Lake' I can take but this was not just amazing. Judd Nelson should avoid this and so you should. It's not like the first and it went very slowly. Nothing happened at first and continued to refresh the second. Not to mention that writing was bad. Set this only if you need some help to fall asleep. So, we see that Stanley dies to death and is still alive and well. By the way he speaks, it seems like there may be a third possible probability for a good movie itself. Remove the throw in sequels and we can be right! Is this film not aware that they showed us how they took place in the lake from the first?
