I have never understood why some people don't like sound films: they have charismatic practitioners, a great number of drums, and an enhanced sense - what doesn't? What I remember is that I just saw a high voice sound. Then I saw "Garam Masala". I could say from the first place that this was not the movie I liked (the film opens and a two-way driving guide around the city and seems to be happening serendipitously on a series of photos set by gyrating models), but I continued to expect things that could improve. Sadly, they did not. The main problem is that two characters, Mac & Sam, don't care. They use the whole movie sleeping for women - and speaking violently - so that they can sleep, and the audience should get this amazing, and be organized. The boys are not ignorant and do not know, and not the popular way. Mac may even have one of the drugs to prevent him from discovering his fraud. The script is very poor, and repeat events, unsupported sets for anything, and non-acts and descriptions for characters. In fact, the characters have never been developed. Men are boorish, wound of desire, and only beautiful women exchange. If you go with this film, you would think that "air servants" is very easy to pass from man to man. In fact, betrayal is not very moist. The only bright places I saw in the film were the number of drums that had brilliant sets, and the shortest time of slapsticky involves the French-farce spaces, containing the slamming door of the story. But the voice of the play is more enjoyable in the films chosen by Farah Khan, and with the slapstick you can also go directly to the silent girls of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seem to have affected the author / director Priyadarshan not a bit. Priyadarshan also takes false credit for creating stories: the basic basis of the plot has been stolen since the 1960s "Boeing Boeing." The original author of the work, Marc Camoletti, is known everywhere. Priyadarshan was undoubtedly changed to the name of this remake, instead of using the target without lending, as he did in his 1985 edition of the story. (According to IMD credit list).
