.... And after seeing this bunch of crash you will not be surprised that it was not published. SPOILERS !!!! This is a bad movie for any standards but when I say it's one of the worst movies that contain Stephen King's name in credit credentials you can begin to think about how bad it is. The movie begins with two characters looking for mouthed clear in the area of ​​fear: <br /> <br /> "My god. What happened here?" "I don't know but they are sure they hate cats." This guy is right, someone hates cats and discounts as if he should be a policeman. Take a minute, he is a policeman and when the movie starts with a soldier doing a very thorough investigation you know just look at a bad movie <br /> Because SLEEPWALKERS are so bad that it's very soft and confused. Finally we realize that the head leaders need the blood of widows to live. What? They will not be better looking for a virgin in the west of the bible rather than the coastal city of America? Having said that at least we are aware of the motives of monsters - That's the only thing we learn. We do not know how they can change the shape or they can make cars invisible and these last streams which seem to have been stolen from MLINZI. The mother of the monster walks around the killings of several soldiers with his hands or beat them through a police hand guns (!) But if her monster's birth is immune from police force then why the creatures need the ability to change the image or invisible The destruction of the organism is the same as thought out if there is a massacre and mass attack of household cats. If they were killed by a cat then why did the creatures not kill all the cats that were lying around the garden? There was a whole horde of moggies sitting around but monsters never think about killing them. I think yes so the production team can come to an end. It was that they started my film complaints on a ticket / knife. We are being dealt with in a number of instances where the famous filmmakers of the film as John Landis, Clive Barker and even Stephen King performs wasos. I think the reason for this is because every unknown actor who reads the script they once decided that no matter what, they could not be seen in this bad movie so Stephen King had a phone on his panic friends to fill out the cast. That's bad how SLEEPWALKERS are / is worth it if it seems that it's not the worst line on the film. The worst line is - "The party has saved my life"
