So on the Web Chill on the cable with the "Vampire Moon", I am a dork like that, but I love vampires. So after a few duds that they had manifested I was desperate, but then I saw Sleepwalkers written by Stephen King. So I decided to go ahead and look at it, amazingly to me, this film was very bad. Most Stephen film is entertaining and some are very frightening. During sleep they were bad, it was a good kind of bad. I had a good time laughing on this film and just taking it for what it was. I have never read readers, from what I understand this is the only story of the vampire and the King, so I can't compare the book with the film. I don't know if it's just my TV, but Sleepwalkers looks like it was done on TV. Special effects were corny and the story was very little, even if it was fantasy, it had many problems. Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who feed the lives of virgin women. They are more powerful than men and have the power of telekinesis and deception. Their weaknesses are cats, which can not only see through their exhibitions but whose filth can cause serious pain on them. They also maintain inappropriate relationships. Charles and Mary have found shelter in the small town of Indiana. Charles attends high school, and there meets Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Tanya does not accept the real reason why Charles wants so much; take his life force to his mother, who is hungry. At first, it seems that Charles has fallen in love with Tanya. On their first date, however, a picnic on the nearby cemetery, Charles tries to run the life force from Tanya as he searches. As it happens, Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson who initially tried to convince Charles on speed, gives to the cemetery and Charles's car advertising. When Tanya runs for help, Charles takes away Andy down and kills him. When Charles returns to his life-lifting power to meet Tanya, the deputy's clovis, Clovis, increases to the incident and almost kills Charles by blowing his face and chest. The death of Clovis, Charles attacks Maria's home. Maria then wants to take revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> So with this overall movie on the top you should expect a growing cheese. The area in which Charles visits Tanya for the first time is very few and is about to vote for Charles to win only because Tanya is one of the dumbest lady who is leading the scary movies. Then you gotta love the area where Mary has a gun and trunk her in a cop car and somehow the whole thing explodes, God bless the blast of Hollywood and spread. I'm taking a movie for what it is, it's just so bad that it turns into a dark comedy to me that I just enjoy doing fun. I don't know if this is what Stephen King wanted to see for his story, but he has his typical example in the film. So my opinion if you are watching this film, just take it for what it is and no more to think, is entertainment without mind and corny effects, casting bad, silly stories and enough cat to make a cat cat mad from The Simpson says "Wow, that's a lot of cats ". <br /> <br /> 4/10
