I liked Batman: Last Update. The Black-dark film layout for Batman was perfect. Batman: The End of the Dead is good. This is not. First of all let me start with acting. No, however, is very good. Better can be Clark Bartram as Batman. But that's not much. He is good at first glance, and then you know what he is, the body builder who happens to be a worthy actor. But especially the problem is that Batman is not daylight, it looks like a race around the Bat. Instead of a very fearful man who tries to make past mistakes. The day also reveals the scork on the face of Bartram who has not left and unknown in Batman: Last End, perhaps because of the shortest darkness that is needed on this trailer. Bartram seems to think that forbidding and shaking his head is acting, otherwise, it is quite the opposite. It is called asking, some real actors avoid as a blow. What I have never understood why Collora built the body builder as it leads. It makes it more important to provide an opportunity for an actor who can keep it, rather than a builder who can strengthen but HEY DOES NOT COME TO A COMIC! Of course, they would do well if the Collora dialouge did not stop being needed. <br /> <br /> The entire trailer (yes, trailer. Couldn't have a full-time film) focuses on Superman then Batman. But everything on the side of Superman is corny, cloying and amateur. Michael O'Hearn (Superman) is one of the worst actors I've ever seen. He stands close, excited, says his lines. That's about it. Although I am not surprised since he is the only creator employed and likely to get several acting subjects. Once again I tell you Collora, you gave us a ACTORS. It is not the builders of the body. Employees will be more powerful that we will forgive the fact that they do not seem like a comic book. <br /> <br /> Clothing is what you could expect Superman to wear. On the part of Batman's suit. Well, I think it looks just beautiful in the dark. I say this because in some shots a suit looks like something you could buy from a Halloween gift shop. <br /> <br /> Superman jumps into this movie. But that's not good. These shots look at the amateur especially. This and a lot of "film" all looked like it was shot behind their VHS camera. The best shots are the shooting of Superman when he gets a car in his hand. And the final shot of the two-face with Batman at the end. For those who have seen the trailer. You know what I'm talking about. Now if only he could expand the bullet through the entire trailer. Finally I ask. Why if you are trying to show your ability as a director, would you make a trailer like a short film? This does not prove anything when it comes to being a real director of storytelling. My only advice to Collora here is, there is a difference between the ability to tell stories and be able to work in the sale. Batman: The end of the dead did not feel young. I can't know where this situation did not go.
