I would like to start this review by saying this: I love the vampire movies. They can absorb (har har target), and I still love them because vampires are just cool in movies. Van Helsing, which many were considered to be a bunch of stuck, was an enjoyment for me because of the fact that there were vampires. You may ask: "Is this related to this film?" The answer is that I intend to let you know how this film is so bad, that even a player (harharhar) of vampire films as I can despise a movie like this very much. Van Helsing, a university professor who cannot convince you. He is an awesome actress, like everyone else in this movie, and wrote, to add salt to the wound. I honestly don't mean to bother him, and I'm sure everyone enjoys doing this film, but watching it was really painful. I'm not sure why I looked at the whole thing; perhaps it was a bad fascination, like watching an impending accident train: it's awesome, but you can't manage your power to look away. His main judgment is that it just so **** ing boring, and his plot is very maneuvering, even with a movie of horror movie horror. But, I digress. By the way, Van Helsing has sex with her mother. Of course, he doesn't know he is at that time; he thinks he is one of his disciples (which is still illegal and all, but not as an abomination and creepy). If I was Van Helsing, I would like to pull Oedipus myself when I found I had done something big. It would have done one thing of entertainment if it just made a comment on it, but no. This action has not been made at any time, with any characters. It's like the author didn't think so. I would like at least another character laughing at him and saying "Ha ha, you had sex with your mother," which would have a romantic sense (though very bad). I am probably out of the room, so a few more words to keep you from seeing this film: there is a ninja of a vampire fight with an old man. It would be interesting, but the movie advertisers expect us to look at it. It's not worth watching the movie to see how bad it is. Stay away, away from it if you value your time. I will say one positive thing about the film: someone who plays Van Helsing is very good with his knife. There is, like a long, long time where it blows near his knife and actually makes very good tricks. It would be boring in any other movie, but here, sadly, it was obvious.
