I agree with some of the other views and even go further. Nothing / nothing about this film worked, anything. Delmar our main character makes the decision to become a proud mother to get enough money to buy a restaurant but on the way it falls to the old wise germ. At the same time his friend Hortense tries to find his male wife to finally marry. It also happens to sleep with Marlon who has loved her very much. Then there are Delmar's brothers, Jethro who is involved in an old coke alcohol, Missy who shows that she had been bought by her adopted father. On the other hand, we also have a female mother who has the beauty of unfamiliar friends, one of whom dies on the bed at the beginning of the film. So far it is good but after establishing these characters and the story lines that discuss life, death, sadness and love in the first half, the film loses leadership. If the author has chosen only one or two characters and allows us to follow their stories perhaps things would be good but the same time screens are provided to all for the result of which no single story or full character development. For example, why does Delmar think she will be able to take her baby instead of money, especially when the prospective parents are the most powerful lawyer and his wife of gold and sadness? Why Hortense is very interested to marry someone who is jerk and obviously does not like? What? How can Missy hitting her coke character one night? Does Jethro have women with many problems, or Missy except? Is Delmar and Jethro's mother on the other side, or is it a recent development? Why is Jethro very interested in Cadillacs that she has one in her bedroom? Why did Moses spend years in prison for stealing a car, a minor crime? How can Delmar finish the birth of Moses when there is no suggestion that they have ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are provided on the screen but unfortunately not answered. I can only assume they answered in the original novel and that's why the author saw the need to include it all in the script. A major error. To lose a small part of the story of Hortense and Marlon, which does not add something to the entire film, would have closed things too much and allowed more time to develop Delmar, Jethro and Moses characters who are more exposed to the plot and theme than anyone else. Add to that the pedestrian driving model out of the ordinary soap opera and the result is a great opportunity for all people, including Jorja Fox who makes its ability to lift on the devices. I am not surprised that this seems to be the final film of the director as this effort does not show evidence of the visual model or the ability to describe a moving and intellectual story.
