This movie has no rock, as some have said. I saw that it was boring and silent. The story is about this child of a high school secondary school who deals with this heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but not before making the last album that is played on the radio when, of course, midnight on Halloween (which would really make it on November 1, very low date to be sure). The child gets a copy of the record and has hidden messages hidden behind. It is also the key that opens the door so that the worst of iron will return to bring havoc and death to the world. The first part of this film is not a horrible film, but rather a Special School. We see a child of iron (a stranger) was often sick with popular children. And she cannot learn the most important subject in secondary school movies: When the children who are very annoying are coming to the party, don't go! It's a trap. Especially if it is a pool party. Anyone will be surprised when he finishes water? It was after the Special School that I kept waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson to show and teach Jody Foster lesson. <br /> <br /> Then return to the awesome part of the film. So this iron child gets power and instead of using them to kill boys with contempt (which would be more important), he goes out and tries to protect both boys and girls who are offensive. When? Hero sensitive? What is that fun in a terrible movie? Thank you good Carrie White did not follow this lesson. In fact he is trying to prevent the music from playing in Halloween, the music that would remove the power of killing all the children they were telling him. If it's me, I would put that music, and pronto. <br /> <br /> Some of the movie is about this metal child around the city trying to kill the star of the terrible metal that he put. Why do you get involved with him and actually break up. Why do you ask? It seems to love with one of the most popular girls and do not want to hurt her .... more suited to Molly Ringwald film. What? This is a terrible film or part of Beauty and Beast? The movie continues to proceed to this point, without fear, fear, or anything of value. If you went to high school in the late 80s as I did, this film is a pleasure to have a little flashback for fashions and big hair, but that's for this film. Skip and sit at home and just listen to KISS.
