Antononi, by making this film, had assumed the position of Pope Smurf for a long-time, old American-American, confident-Smurfs student. He took them under the leading protection of his communal wings, expressing gratitude and support for their American confusion. (These smurfs are red and blue, not another way around.) Courageous Smurfs enjoyed getting the advice of a wise and black-headed man who is busy with the long-tempered Smurfs, Lenin Communist - an old man The prudent whose beard made Smurfs take him more seriously, for it was an example of wisdom, although they did not know why they saw a beard to have this kind of great impact on them. Castro, a wise and wise man, has often benefited from this mixture and many magical powers and beard on his overseas lovers. (Not to mention Che Guevara: The beard has a je-ne-sais-pas-quoi some about it, makes a person who will admit Marx immediately and its interesting, fun teaching? involved in the discussion that defines the word "confusion". As confused as a blind dog is falling into a great story building in the bottom hole. Suddenly, the "hero" of the film (well, the Antonioni hero) rises and says something to his left counterparts and stops, and expect that this display of "mega-coolness" will improve his image of James Dean and increase his chances of get set with the best "chicks" in the next mass hippie orgy. Finally he gets into trouble with the fighters (ie pigs) at the meeting, and uses the movie under the blue sky of the blue, looking for independence? Or something like that. Antononic attack to predict capitalism is not only intellectual, but has (or did not have something new to offer); is the same as the first happy gold writers, business men discuss business deals (and what is wrong with that, not how the Antonion movies are being done?), with endless shots of TV advertising and billboards announcing oh-so ethically bad for people who are hateful, selfish, and greedy who think of anyone except themselves, their families, their jobs, and their children. Pope Smurf Antonioni, such as the time of Smurfs and Smurfettes aged 60, did not see a clear and important element on their secret movement: they were allowed to have their interesting meetings and express their views of protesting the legalization of freedom within the establishment. , while students countries in which the left wing systems liked it, did not (and still not). For the most serious crimes on hippies - and Antonioni, usually, did not realize this too (his judgment was abolished with cocaine-snorting and sharp intake of LSD) - is that the hippies were (it) artificial trash. This is a wonderful wonder. Only in the economic economic system can do the same type called "hippie"; a broken, ungrateful, and middle-class retired arrogant. <br /> <br /> The movie itself seems to continue forever. Antonion takes its best time and continues with it, including more scenes of meaninglessness, and the reason for the dullness. His experiments in the sign are exciting and awesome. His words are very surprising, for the best. This film is an Antonioni's way of saying that the revolution is a solution. And this is what we get from an old-fashioned filmmaker, who is full, dirty, with oil-rich who lives in villas and dines in the best French and Italian restaurants. I do not remember to see any great Western Movie about the murder of Tiananmen of thousands of students in China. But when one Western student gets shot by moving the face of Che Guevara on all of our faces, we get ten big films on it immediately. Do I think this means that Chinese lives worth a thousand times less than one Western? at least for the hypocrites who are playing movies. If you are a modern Marxist player and have loved this bad review, please click "NO" below.
