This film is definitely the product of its time and appearance in any other environment, it is a very wonderful movie. Heck, even seen in its proper setting, is very bad! Additionally, this is due to a silly plot and a very independent approach to the famous Italian director, Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he tried to create an art gallery of art and the film to fight the introduction of hippie and succeeded only to produce a bomb of gargantuan numbers. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a rap session where many "and" students sit around saying words like "power for people" and complaining about "man". Considering the majority of these hippies parents take them to the university, it was considered a fraud for these privileged children to complain very much and shout the revolutionary jargon. Later, violence between the pupils and the "pigs established" decreases and the soldiers are killed. Our "hero", Mark, can or cannot do that, but is forced to run to avoid charges. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, it does just what it can do - steals birds and takes them to the Mojave Desert! There, he meets "chick" and may sit next to philosophy for hours. Then, they have sex in one of the sex incidents in the history of the movie. As they move around on the dust, other couples suddenly appear from anywhere and there is a huge orgy area. When you see a small skin (assuring R) rate, it is not clear as it was. In fact, it lasts a long time and seems to be chosen just to come to mind. And of course, when they finish, many other couples lose thin air. Then, later the couple hits the plane with help and looks very like the creation of Peter Max. In spite of improving the look of the airplane, the fighters of evil respond back to the plane with a good coup. The girl gets out, gets into a catatonic situation and the movie ends and seems to think of the destruction of her tribal parents and all the evil that they stand (like hard work and responsibility). Instead of one simple blast, you see that big house exploded eight times. Then, of course, you see TV, refrigerator and other things explode faster. When it's dumb, it's a nice looking place - such as David Letterman blowing objects or hitting objects on his show. <br /> <br /> In addition to the dopey plan, the film is faced with a strong need for a single character with a great editing. At least 15 minutes can be removed easily to speed up little things - especially because it is not a plot or a lot of conversation. The main thing is that this is a dancing film of the film and I am not surprised to see it listed by the book "Fifty Worst Worms" book by Harry Medved. It is better to be eligible for this pantheon's crap. For a well-known director of making a lot of money to produce a fraudulent film is a crime! <br /> <br /> Final screening. If you would like to laugh on the silly film sippie, also try to look for a BILLY JACK. Also, in the case of art imitating life, leadership, Mark Frechette, acted his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 years a few years after he participated in the "revolution" action where he and other friends robbed the bank and killed an innocent man. Dang hippies!
