In his 1966 film "Piga Up", Antonioni had a question of the hero's question against the rise of young British protesters. By putting these questions on the youth hippie youth movement, Antonioni asked, deliberately or not, the effectiveness of these organizations. Can you fight for what time you think it really can actually be false? On the flip side, the film said that we should fight against the full challenge of what we see correctly because others can deceive us with false images and false facts. Although the hippie elements were the biggest part of the "Uping Up", they created a good texture and made the film more meaningful than it might be otherwise. It was a very careful and mature film. And "Zabriskie Point" Antonioni gives us all the way to the "Hitting Up" fraud and goes to full hippie. The result is a film derived from bad examples, stupid ideas and heavy stories. What? Someone, who in his work would show such a block and mind, do something wrong? The movie opens with a good ups of close ups, when we look at a group of radicals to discuss the meaning of the revolution. Suddenly one person (Mark) grows with the leaves. He hates a strong and demanding system of revolution. He realizes that, although the fighters are fighting freely, the firing for the war is to give your freedom effectively. And so as Jack Nicholson in "Passenger", Mark just wants to be free. So, Mark buys a gun and goes to a solo. He takes orders from anyone. When police rush University University Mark Mark shoots the guy and run away. Then he runs to the nearest airport, steals a small bird and climbs into the desert. Antonion takes the desert as a peace destination, and resembles the cities of the village capital, with their posters and modern hollow instruments. He sees the desert as a type of the Garden of Eden. <br /> <br /> In the desert, Mark meets Daria and quickly falls in love. Antonion gives us a sex area which hundreds of hippies have sex. Free from modern barriers to modern life, these quake and emerging students can now celebrate their selfishness and humping the sun. <br /> <br /> The film ends with Mark dies with Daria fantasizing on hitting the house and stately the home of the rich capital who killed him. It is a challenge to Antonion for his audience. Take guns, pickets and bombs, he says. Pull the walls before stopping you! <br /> <br /> Of course the film had no effect on its audience. They recognized the "Point of Zabriskie" as being that other independent commercial effort to be radical. Types of mixed radicalism. It felt infallible and destructive. Effectively the film is very good. Antonion says that basically if you are unhappy with the modern world, and the fuel cats that they use, you have to run to the desert (Mark) or to fight the Daria. That's all well and good. But although artists always warn us of such dystopian goals like this, all can not show us how to manage changes efficiently. As the end of the "Fight Club", nihilism and violence do not reach anything. In the real world, social change is likely to have founders of humility, generated by the development of small technology. I mean, what saved women more than contraception? <br /> <br /> 3/10 - very bad film. The problem is, Antonion does not believe in the truth. He is a quiet and thoughtful person. He prefers who has already made a proposed film just to decry further comments from farming that accepted his original film, "Piga Up". Therefore, "Zabrinskie Point" comes as an engaging and stupid film. It is basically a 50-year-old man says "Look, I am a rebel rebel!" There are many films that listeners are encouraged to fight "system", but all fall into one of the four categories. In the first category you have a film like "Web", "Cool Hand Luke", "Nest of Cuckoo" and "Spartacus". All of these show that the lives of all fighters of freedom are completed in failure, although every "spirit of revolution" is going on. The message is that you cannot affect the change, but by dying or failing, the idea of ​​hope for change continues through death. Especially we must continue to fail rather than give up hope. <br /> <br /> Then you have a film like "Fighting Club", "Zabriskie Point" and "Fall Down", which just encourages you to explode. Minimize. Call all. Everything is false, so you can also leave the gun. These films are based on anger, responsiveness, rather than any kind of mind. <br /> <br /> Then you have to "run instead of fighting" the community. Terrence Malick and Antonioni are the heads of this kind. The movie as "Passenger", "Red Desert" and "Badlands" show human beings riding from a world that does not like to promote and strengthen islands or places of peace. All directors are supporters, since Malick has its own ruins and Antonioni has its islands with a sense of happiness or solution. You have a fourth category. Movies like Donnersmarck's "Life of Others", Ashby's "Bound For Glory" and Kubrick's "Clockwork Orange", treat artists as dynamic change and rebellion. In this world of dystopi, where everyone enjoys being a government servant, it is an innovative creativity and freedom of the artist / offender who keeps the system. By the outside of livestock, you are making waves. Your opinion, actions and eye is important, looking for a situation. Thus, the Donnersmarck film has journalists and artists who undermine Nazi Germany, while Kubrick has Alex's scientific player / clash of Nazi criminals, drawing a city in blood and sperm.
