The follow-up of the protest reduces the loyalty to a large extent as a romantic community of Stanley Kaldwell returns to this time in the production of a novel film that he wrote for garden water, taking into account the identity of the second unit manager. is very interesting on Hollywood, with a language-to-cheek script to take shots for fraudulent directors who sleep with their administrators (to find a way up to the level) and do not like anyone who urges them for full attention. Brian Krause, who I thought was horrible, overturned until the satire felt very strong, shows a great director, a powerful who does not like the fact that his second author and director of the film, Alison (.. played by Dahlia Salem) appears takes production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, a brother of the victim from the first film. The films of the film at this time take the idea of ​​a serial killer who works as a director of the filmed film and use it for all. Nelson again reduces slides again in his psychological role without any difficulty, and Stanley is clever as ever, using his mind to strengthen the production of film, killing everyone who has to order to maintain full control of his work, allowing no one to stand in the way. it's up to Alison to identify who Stanley is. Alison is a kind of proud writer who wants to capture the essence of his issue. What motivated Stanley to kill, why would he do such a thing, and what caused that man to this dark path? Alison humor really working with that person is also part of satire in the heart of this dark desire of comedy. Of course, you get an inevitable destruction between Alison and Stanley, with a true, uncertain conclusion about the fate of the killer. Unlike the first film, photographed by the modern Polish, director Po-Chih Leong uses unwanted unwanted methods (such as shooting all sorts of strange horns, slow motion in sepia, and several events that are captured on the video) and rather angry rather than impress. This way, to me, was not in the same purpose as before, for the most inexpensive and more humorous.
