You need a lesson in a clean failure, failure? Look more than the "Witches of the lost Kingdom", wrong, dirt-poor, the flick of shame. As we all know, respectable moovies tend to increase in horror, horrible children: "Halloween" has produced many, many of the evil 80 of flicks; "Max Max" was born many, most bad 80 "fantasy futuristic fantasy" flicks; and "Conan scholar" gave birth to a horrible, horrible, horrible evil of 80 with a sword. "The Lost Kingdoms of the Lost Kingdom" eliminates the bottom of the 80 barrel, in a way that insults the barrels. A young player named Simon raised his "beautiful kingdom" from an evil sorcerer with the help of a mangy mat, good gardening, high-warehouse, and Bo Svenson, who is tired. Svenson ("North of Dallas Forty", "Bastards of Destruction", "Delta Force"), a long-term b-moovie muscleman, seems hard to refresh his aluminum sword. However, he can overcome the power of evil, which includes the evil witch, "Shurka", and his army of monsters, giants, and midgets. At one time, the paper machete strikes the string, but it is eaten by 1/2 hidden cover, thanking it as a certain type of dragon. The beginning of this film is just what can be described as gently as the bits of events are released from the dirt-room area of ​​the bad soil, connected together to the unstable hope for the film, and on the story told by someone. another who has never come again. Words cannot properly describe the effectiveness of this jaw; The producers probably used moore moolah feed Svenson to extend the gullet more than on the cheesy fes of this flick. And we are talkin 'Brie here, folks ...: = 8P Director Hector Olivera ("King Queen") offers this mish-mash through a lack of ambition, confused, and cliched, destroying any of the possible details, linear. Acting is terrible, production rates under the string of string, and the plot is one of the fat cliche fatigue after another paraded in front of our eyes of fatigue. That they actually did sequel (!!!) makes the brain of MooCow open. James Horner's ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") moosic cheesy from "Battle Over Stars" was raised, screaming and hitting hostage, and clinging to anger on this turkey - this bet is not recommended on its start. Folks, you have gotta see this believe. MooCow says if a tax deduction when there is nothing else to look, well, it's more fun than to watch the capture of dust. Normally. : = 8P
