What we are here is a very good piece of failure for the early 80s that will provide even a great deal of trash without speech! "Lost Kingdoms" are the cheapest and most interesting / Sword-Sword-and-Witch that has no real plot but love and shamelessly creates elements from other films. Author Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) They looked at enough films to find out that they needed a few of the key characters, but perhaps they saw that the rest would follow directly. In order to do extraordinary skills - you need: one good man of evil (especially black cape), one little hero in training, one hero alone, one good pet pet, one wise minded one in the forest (optional) and a collection all of the evil demonic evil, female slaves, and wing onions serving as filling. The story is so mysterious and original, and Simon the son of the sorcerer needs to flee from his beloved kingdom after Shurka the evil sorcerer will take power and kill the king. Simon wants to return and save people, but therefore he needs his powerful ring which he lost during his flight. Simon's friends only a fighter kor (often cool Boude Sudson who needed a pay check), who helps Simon during a long and devastating journey of trouble, encountering danger and appearance of magical. It really doesn't even hear so bad so far, but that's just because I just removed all the negative details. Simon has a good friend named Gulfax, for example. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca and convinces you whenever he opens his finger enough to explain an incomprehensible thing. Restrictions during the return trip home are hilariously useless for "plot" and only used as a padding footage covering the lack of real content. Simon has a vision of the night's night in the tent of the worst forest, Kor puts an old mark with the pig's nemesis that his sister refused to marry and there is a horrible cave where you can just sing your way. But the sequence is totally unequal? not just this film alone but in movie history? it involves the resurrection of four zombie fighters. Simon awakens brave fighters, hoping to help them in their fight, but decaying corpses only take a few steps, complaining about how they get tired and return to their graves. That's it! Very for a small plot of zombie! The best sequence! I could continue to list the most unfamiliar details for several paragraphs, but you get an idea. "Lost Kingdoms" is a "bad-so-good" film. Word of advice: don't look at this piece of junk fun. Adore friends, preferably dope types and bad sense of humor, and look at the group. It will be night to remember?
