That's trouble (above) which Debbie should have to deal with the end of this production of Sam Sherman Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie just hit the city, became a pastor, lying with a rich man (who explains it in 50 years but certainly scores that one or two years ago), looking at nude events for a photographer who has met him, and then the middle for the transfer of kidnapping. By all means and in the midst of all of these emotional and pain-seeking feelings, what is the name of Debbie's name? Well, I can't totally get rid of it but I didn't expect any epiphany here. Let's say. Naughty Stewardesses is just what she wants to be (at least two-thirds): a soft film of porn with lots of women and funny in the film's 70 kitchy film. There is no great art here. The movie was designed to make money and use the growing trend when placing nymphomaniacal stewardesses in the film so that listeners could live out vicariously their voyeuristic taste. At today's standards, the film is very good. What this film is doing is wrong to try to be some kind of film at the end. Yes, anyone here who believes that a little diatribe and Debbie while on the beach examining life. He spends a lot of time taking up the top that he will wear that day and then do it. And what about the plot of ignorance stealing grand grand? Didn't mean to me and how these characters "dig" these on earth? Anyone who finds Cal as a member of the PLO (something like that) or even as a hard-director of hard? He would be lucky to get a job at seventeen! This is like another inspector has identified, more than a piece of Sam Sherman then with Al Adamson's piece. You can know when Al has full payment. There is almost no budget and the film does not look almost as polished like this. Adamson is doing a good job at this time and I must send Sherman credit to a standard. Although this film is just bad for what it meant to, it has a certain style. I loved opening and animation loans and pictures. I loved even the Sparrow music. "Money lesions" was an interesting tune. The movie does not look less cheap. Compare it to any awesome Al. For the cast, yes, Bob Livingston is a young lead leader, but some observation came into his character with a clear thread that young women are attracted to men and money also investigated. I had major problems with Robert Smedley who was very clear in his role. All the girls have got a good set, so what else is needed for huh? Unsurprised Stewardesses are the abuse of non-exploitation film from the 70s and will serve as a lifetime of capsule for certain aspects of life during ten years. By the way, did I say it is a very bad picture?
