Jack Frost, no children are not the hot movie of the heart of the family about the father who is raised from the dead in the form of a snow man. It is about a sad killer named Jack Frost who is choked by a certain acidic water and has been beaten into a deadly man. I happened to get a copy of this movie so I could have a good stay and laugh. The person of the killer snow? Ha, it looks like a full movie of comedy / horror! In fact I was wrong, not very accurate. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is about a killer who is sent through a truck to jail so that he can dry in the midnight chair. But it is a snowy night and faces a government tanker carrying new DNA. Jack is only surviving by burning and dying with acid and morphine in the snowflake. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton where he got a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a frost of snow. He can get into the water, blow out ice circles like spears, and grow deaths. The only question is, who can stop Frost? This movie is under the normal line of B-Movie. The movies start crying but soon Jack is lost by acid, it slows down down the cheese line and goes flat. Acting for one is awesome! Here we have an uncomfortable crowd that can not do, they can do but have a nonsense, or just here for extra bucks. Just a good actor is Scott MacDonald who plays Jack. He looks like Richard Kiel's little with Frankenstein. Sadly his appearance is reduced by three minutes and all we have seen about him is his new form of snow and his sound voice. With its values ​​it is nothing but fun. Farming, ignorant, and bad. <br /> <br /> The program is awesome! In history there have been many murderers. A killer in a basket of a basket, a razer killer, a chain of aircraft chain, St Bernard fast, but now we stand for a man with a murderous snow? Come on! And the way the characters are brought is terrible. For one I wished Jack to kill the son of a grandson, meaning to give his father oats and Antifreeze into them so they are not freezing? All characters are dumb and useless and deaths are for cartoony. One woman who was beaten with Christmas lights and her head broke into a decorative box and a girl is dying in the shower (where carrots in the area eh?). And on this awesome movie is a special effect. The first major impact we have is the Jack's DNA mixing with snow and the boy is bad. I mean it looks like the style of 60, PU! Jack looks fake too. He looks like a man with a leather cover of leather. All blood and cheese are cheesy and the film is never suitable for great but instead leaves the lower levels. Jack Frost is one of the worst filmed movies. I thought it would be a riot but no! It doesn't try to be funny and really tries to scare. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least made me laugh from the situation. Don't bother with this piece of rubbish. Jack Frost = D +
