The five or the most beautiful West Mann made was not the same as corporate in Hollywood. Even John Ford never made many for good quality. The amazing thing about them all is how they care. My Darling Darling Clementine of Ford has a value of nearly two and a half of them among them. Or at least two. Their real hero instead of Mann and Stewart is Chase. Chasing responsible for the Red River Red. Chase wrote the country off, bend the river, and maybe the rest. But none of them has been completed as my Clementine Darling, but a very small film, west or otherwise it is. Each of the five Mann films has significant shortcomings, or six, lets you see. Bend, Besides, Western Man, Furies, Winchester 73, and yep, six, Spy Naked. Everyone will have a wonderful location after a wonderful scene, and very good lapses. Yet the Red River, which is still one of the western most ever made. So perfection is not everything. <br /> <br /> But the Far Country has large, large holes. It's mawkish, and comes alive only when Stewart and Mc are all fast. Others are very good, and the usual discrimination of the Mann camera. Mann Camera is a one-on-one course in the movie. It's about a good eye like anyone who got behind the moving film. It's almost never in the wrong place, never. The Far Country has one awesome time. And as usual comes from Stewart. No one in the history of the movie has received physical punishment for that person's authority. He is quite amazing: looking at Bend, Far, Winchester, and Man from Laramie: in Bend has been beaten and is hanging by the thread so in fact and with such a hot hatred seems like a man moved from Dachau, in the Far raft to the same violence. , it seems to convince you that you wince, and of course when you are hit by fire in a Person, you also get a look at the burn marks. What are the practices. Not to mention at that time in Winchester when he is hit early in the hotel room, as if anyone has ever done that. But that was Mann's area: see Gary Cooper fighting with Jack Lord in the West Man. As a pot like any anti-recorder. Cooper while not having an influence like Stewart, however it is similar in checking exhausted at the end of the war. In short, no one but no one has ever shown humanity in extremis such as Mann. It is a good, good director. Look at all the west you've ever done. They are his actual graves, even if they are all scandal. But so what. When he screams with his good events, it's as good as anyone, including Ford. And in its western six as the collection is best made by anyone, when. Thank you, Anthony.
