I haven't seen "Henry Fool", but after watching "Fay Grim" I don't know what I want. Perhaps Hartley aims to become a director of "anti-amazing" - certainly succeeded by this yawner. According to the official definition — the woman realizes that her husband's dead husband has material that can be a threat to national security — I expected a geographical game of taut. Instead, I had a frimsy structure, a goofy dialog, a flabby character, a destructive plot, and a "voice" that often changes shows that Hartley changed the script based on his feelings at any time. I can independently for a long time with an exciting, hard-to-follow plan (e.g. "Duplicity") because I see that the end end comes together. Even when they do not know, or they do but come from the ongoing questions (e.g. "Duplicity"), a strong writing and acting can hold a person's interest. But half-way through "Fay Grim" I came to know death — I didn't know what was going on, and I didn't care. Such a bad, because I like Parker Posey, reduced here to work with a wonderful part that asked him to morph from a different wife, a widow with a difference, a tough mother, "player" of a sensible international psychological ability mane to the terrorists. There is also a bad cast. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but can not afford to win the miscasting as a operative CIA. He looks almost as concerned in the role as I looked at him. Its high CIA is worse; looks like a refugee from the quarter of the American American Idol (there are young CIA teens who have a lot of dirty hair dirty hair on their talents?). Then there is a question with the age of the characters. Goldblum was 54 when made "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Fool", was 44. It did not take place to look or appear to be older than their real age. However, the most important thing in the story is that they served as a CIA agent in Nicaragua "behind '70s." Goldblum behavior would be in its 20 years then; Henry Fool would be a young man. Was Hartley being "quirky" or lazy? Problems are too much for the list ...
