I say 'I would like to think' in that line because, in fact, I haven't seen Hal Hartley's movie so far. It is not that I did not hear him though, as he was seen as one of the NY's authors of the film (when I say small I mean even smaller than Jim Jarmusch), who made ultra-personal projects on a small budget. Surprisingly, as with the Pasolini Salo, although in a slightly different environment, Fay Grim loves me to see some of the Hartley's most distinguished features, because it seems to be at least to present the image of the talent behind, such as Hartley * can * be an advertiser. A very good film that can be very good has taken a great experiment. Or, on the other hand, he would be a very interested person with his own idiosyncrasies and would-be like the collision of the movies of the gods. I cannot describe the story, which may not be a problem I think, however it is not true due to the lack of a preview of Fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think even if I had this experience it would not make a lot of difference according to the final result. There is a lot of international ignorance, a two-fold plot in another that has fallen through fake pockets of character, is played in an unusual way with Parker Posey (he doesn't know whether it's good or bad, maybe all), and also includes CIA Assistant. (Jeff Goldblum, as always a strong presence between mania, even saying some laughter), not to mention the picture box of orgy, and author Henry Fool. It is not that the script is not quite possible, however it goes to more extended buttons for it, because there is some touch of magic or affected conversations. Just before, the trend only follows. Harltey likes the Third Person, which is good, but he sets the head of the head on a regular basis for everything separated by horns, and the characters should enter the same shape. Not since the World War, in fact, has a director emerging to try to make the unwanted choice of horns known to the great impressive effect, this time only Hartley in the middle of the columns-f ***, he is responsible for it. This, along with God's headlines that go through here and there, some little amusing and just some completely ignorant, and all the montage groups are still being beaten, and a short time involving action that is close to note Ed Wood, undermining any potential on the script, which is already difficult to determine. In some ways, it is interesting to look at all of this, but the kind of thinking that comes to see flip-side in total control of creativity on a variety of small stories. But let it be known: you might not think of a good example of an American self-made film this year.
