WARNING: CHECKLISTS IN OIL FARMING <br /> There is a similar world out there where Where In Second Seconds 60 is a dark, religious, confusing film. Unfortunately in this situation Gone ... it's flashy, vacuous, testosterone-fueled moronfest favorite Nicolas Cage. <br /> For reasons that are not worth entering, he and his vast number of people have four days to steal fifty expensive cars, only one that has a bell. These workers include the boy with the proposed and funny ears who bribe the new Superman; The boy who made electricity in The X-Files; The former professional academic and two black people. Their enemies are fighters, robbers and Bilborough from Cracker, Manchester player voted and expanded to US viewers who are now used for the same thing since Daphne in Frasier. There is also Angelina Jolie, who has no reputation; but to be brilliant in the sexual desires of men. He and Cage are supposed to be an old fire, which is incredible, for they have nothing to approach the most common dialogue of the 135m long film. anyone has a "time" violin has a background to add "feeling". It is not a spoiler to show that Vinnie Jones (who re-joins Paul Paulgogo's "hand ball" and destroys when silent) gets one line; not because his ability to speak is important to the plot but because of his understanding of the wonders of the film after being seen that the whole trap is funny. Accurately. After dealing with it in "not-quite-act-but-it'll-do" London drawl, quage cage "I always thought you are from Long Island". My elephants, as you can imagine, were good and really interesting. It really laughs is an unsuspecting feature, from the brave comedy police for two color symbols. This sees a great feature of Hollywood takes; why is it that the black man cannot be seen in the big picture of the motion without having a constant awareness of his skin skin and without looking at all? The little man, who, as an old man, jive talks for all time, says: "we black people we don't like cold ... we are tropical people". Then it goes on to express the desire to smoke and to watch. She is, of course, by photographing pictures of black people, but it's funny how? His former partner cannot speak without describing himself, and so his color, for the third person. "My black ass", "my black ass" that. Does anyone know black people who speak like that? It's not thinking. The sound of the film is played almost non-stop and in a loud voice, some songs - especially Apollo 440 "Don't Stop the Rock" - loudly it is more realistic to hear than sound effects and conversations. The settings are also separating these to the level that makes them sound like two different films running together. There is no concept of music here, it is similar to aural to try to watch the film when someone behind the cinema has their stereo turned out a full blast. "Put the music down, boy!" This is not the worst movie in the world and in many ways I enjoyed it. It's just that it is predictable, lazy and ignorant, with little effort in its construction. It seems that the office box is getting too low for this movie. After having a strong junk for several years it seems the general public is starting to wake up with reality.
