This movie should be shown to school students as an example of not necessarily do. The original ethnic group chose a large squealing eagle, this tragic tragedy breaks the rule of Bruckheimer film cardinals, which are: we all recognize, but have a great deal. This film does not have ACTION. This film is BORING. Where are cars? Where are you looking for? Where is the tension? Where is the problem? Where to rush? Where !! This is not just a movie, it's a bad business. 50 cars in 24 hours? That's right. With 3 days of stealing, ad is correct. Is it so bad? The leading work is hard, timber and forced. The offender, the girl, the other ... cares. They say their useless verses, serve a worthless plot. They say in a better way if the music video director says "don't worry we will make a quick reduction and no one will see how bad the movie is" or "we will make loud music" "script" is not a completely script, it's more than a list of last cliches which is a total of: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 - ---- Customer. The greatest crime of all is the abuse of Vinnie Jones, the man .... this is the worst, the most cold from Jules in the Pulp Fiction. And what are they doing? They make him dumb who have no film! Make Vinnie the main village and could save the film. How could they be dumb? How? How? Why? The original film is very entertaining and cool craft at the end which receives the driver away. The original has a great 40-minute player who offers! Go get the original. Or if you want a real drive tracking point to RONIN's tax. From Ronin raised a bar in which all other cars are expelled now will be judged. Bruckheimer and Cage had all the money, all those resources, all the experience, and they could not even reach close to the film made 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How can that be? You feel like you are broken after seeing this film. Where I was excited to see Coyote Ugly, Remember Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God help us all. <br /> <br />
