(possible counselors) One person asked Dr Seuss if they could get the film rights for his 1957 classic Christmas How Grinch Saved Christmas. He left them, insisting that no one could do better than Chuck Jones's amazing TV from 1966 (also in mind, perhaps, was his bitter experience writing script for 1953 years. When the good Dr. died in 1991, his widow, Audrey Geisel, still refused to sell the film rights. But with the usual use of CGI's effects to be true, Mrs Geisel had a change of heart. Universal gave him a generous offer; he also agreed to wait for Jim Carrey as a title character. Indeed he was satisfied with the final result. Well, Mrs. Geisel, this makes us one of us. <br /> <br /> The movie was awarded a $ 123 million budget (which is more costly even to Heaven's Gate, including inflation adjustment), which is very likely to design text, design, design and special effects (which are destroyed by <br /> <br /> somewhat with hazy movies. Unfortunately, it seems that there is no money set aside to get the best script than what Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman (who wrote the Roger Rabbit?, Which made it better than <br /> <br /> spend the top budget ) has turned. When a special TV set was 26 minutes without advertising, this film tries to fill in a timely manner of 105 minutes with more background information about Grinch. It turns out that, as a child, he was a trap of shock, including one-year-old Christmas experience. So it turns out that everything that has our Mr. Grinch poor is directly because of Who. The problem is, it looks like 105 minutes long, and many dead trees have revealed the story. That may not seem so bad if the Grinch was a little more ... well, Grinchy. The behavior that Dr. Seuss wrote and Chuck Jones later served as a wolf who has been trickling on the holiday season had been destroyed by his sudden change (and the growth of observation) of the heart. The Grinch of Carrey is a huge, non-dynamic, and sometimes, a pig who, during the holidays 'Cheermeister,' blows the square of the city of Whoville for anger / fate. ). This undermines the script's attempt to make Grinch more sympathetic, with those who are under the Whoville so insensitive (at least in this version) <br /> <br /> The vision of the Whoville's Dr Seuss was a small town with faithful people who knew their hearts the real meaning of Christmas. Whoville's movie is a place of blows and rounds that live with spoiled, selfish, physical; A clear attempt to comment on US spending. This is offensively because the film industry has benefited greatly from US use, and if this film has contributed to a big business commerce product Cindy Lou Nani, a small but useful character in nature. A two-year-old Waif who entered into the guilty Santa is now an old and wise man, always questioning Nani's false values ​​and trying to understand Grinch's view (his main area from nature is again set, making it seem not character). It seems to be the only one who could know that Christmas is more than just gifts and decorations, thus making him completely different from the most beautiful character. Those celebrating Christmas should accept early acceptance of the coal chest in their centers / dawn on December 25th than the top, most beautiful, most interesting, of the skeleton, an attempt to turn the classic children into a feature film. It confirms once and for all that the darkness, destruction, and / or violence, and the heavy commitment are the inappropriate alternatives of charm, that is, trust, and heart. The Universal people should drop down on their knees together and thank God that this $ 123 million bill with a bomb loss amounted to $ 260 million in or will not be here today. Furthermore it made Mike Myers' Cat in Hat as possible!
