Others have praised -Atlantis: - The lost dollar - like an Disney adventure for adults. I don't think so - at least not for adults who think. This script shows the beginning as an operating movie, which hit someone like a crap type you can't sell to adults again. The "crackers" of many of the old movie movies have been done well before, (consider Dozen Storm) but - Atlantis- represents one of the worst films in the same motif. The characters are weak. Even the history of which each member throws out seems to be stocky and odd. The author of MD / Drugs, the tomboy system that his father always wanted to have, if we have not seen this before, we have seen the quirks mixed and match before. Stories about how one colleague, Vinny played with Don Novello (Fr. Guido Sarducci), came out of the flower shops until completely destroyed. It is only the main character, Milo Thatch, the elite of Atlantis mentioned by Michael J. Fox, has a deep depth of it. Milo's search for Atlantis continues to be his grandfather who raised him. The opening section shows a little Milo giddily kneeling, like her grandfather putting a pith hat on her head. <br /> And when the characters were thin, the best part -Alantis- was a sound talent. Rourke Commander loses anything so-called James Garner. Although Rourke is a good military type, Garner shows its ability to breathe life into mere characters for its delivery. The sound of the garner sound is the highest point. Sorry to say that the King of Leonard Nimoy is the King of Kill is not just a necessity. Additionally, Don Novello as a destructive expert, Vinny Santorini, also known for one or two well-developed lines - but always loved Father Guido Sarducci. It is also done well for the Computer Animation. DEVELOPMENT DEVELOPMENT, yes. Character animation does not do anything if you have not already made a flat view even to ignore. In addition to the theme, buildings and cars are not much surprising. The plan was worse. Others say hackneyed or trite. I'm not sure about it. Any method that can be used can be made new and appropriate treatment. Shakespeare often began from a legend known to the plot and was just popular to wear a new coat of colors. So treatment is a matter. And - Atlantis- it definitely doesn't know that. <br /> <br /> I can't start entering all logic boundaries without a part of the spoiler. The plan was bad. The bridges of the plot explode like twine and endless worth. In order to add it, the script and animation are interested in desperate despair. SPOILERS ** <br /> <br /> Right at the beginning Milo shows that the runic or Celtic symbols have been written badly by "Irish Coast" should read "Coast of Iceland", we start having problems. The authors of the script will need to know the British to take Eire or Eireann as "Ireland", and completely ignore the old, Latin word Hibernia. But more than this, they need to know the plot of Vikings to call the island of Iceland and the island of Greenland <br /> <br /> By making it a question of "incomprehensible" letter, the authors have lost themselves to require an English version and post date Roman on script. Since this is a long time after Atlantis had to enter its cave down in the city. And without the visible symptoms and technology smaller than Milo had, made the writing not trustworthy. <br /> <br /> Pastor's Journal could not be written before the sinking of Atlantis, or not knowing something about the cave or glass lying "in the eye of the King". It must be written after the sink, but without technology even that Milo's journey was, how did anyone find Leviathan. So how can you know more about anything after that? And why would it be written in Atlantian? Write directly to transport transport or astral transport can describe these things. However travel and astral transport do not need to write in Atlantian. So it has to have some kind of straightforward writing. Since no one is left in Atlantis can read, it must be the spirit of a mirror message emerging on the face. This would have made more sense. But it can also be explained in the film: Milo could have tasted that this power had called him all his life - it was seen in a dream, etc.. This was needed to be examined in the film. The Atlantic people should not understand modern languages. No one expects that the original Indo-European will be able to speak Europe, more than the Romans will understand that the hard "c" or their day became French "ch" s (known as "sh" s, not less!) <Br / > <br /> The Atlantic atmosphere was now alive before the catastrophe - when it appears they * could read *, but now they can't read what they used, or work like the machine. <br /> <br /> Mass reading and writing shows an important error in the movie. NOTHING seems to be amazed by this culture. It seems to stop the air until Milo can save. Although it seems that life is not a constant struggle for survival, no one wants to compose poems or write a novel and perhaps it is a combination of Atlantian school systems to go down to the end and the lack of good fiction that has caused Atlantis to fall into reading and write. It can be calculated because it does not know how to read or use a machine if it was too small when Cataclysm came into - But ALL OF IT ** TO ** ** adopts her father for Deification !! The foolishness of Kashakim almost one-handedly destroyed his people to exist. He was killed in the catastrophe, stood up for development (not much killed here, but watched a great slide in culture and development) until someone could take a glass to kill everyone, if he was not boiled on the first lava because the Giant Robots were not there to hunt. The blue bolt would have broken the image of Kashakim, when Kida tried to join his father's statue on the circle of the GREAT Kings of Atlantis! Though Milo was the only one who could read Atlantian, Rourke and others knew enough to look at the booklet of the booklet and find the page on the mirror - which he knew to be a mirror and not some stylozed astrological or "graphic phase. As Milo's grandfather told Rourke about it, he still does not explain how Rourke would suffer from reading Milo as part of the book. Removing the page - which was a dog-by-hand of Rourke, although Milo got a NO sign of the page broken in the book - just was there to accuse the viewer that "something was not quite right". Unless the word "glass" would put a bell on the head of Milo that a person tries to steal, Milo didn't have any doubt. It's just a shadow-head shadow. <br /> <br /> Traders "double-cross" was not a change of behavior. We found that Vinny, Sweet, Audrey and Cookie had gone with Rourke from the beginning. However, "heart changes" decreases. It was a change, and it needed to have the best motivation. It is difficult to do with characters who have not been given anything starting. <br /> <br /> Come in a little bit that lava flows over the dome, instead of filling in any area we see a sequence from. It is liquid; does not pass between the protective dome until it fills all the lower parts. STINKS! - and makes other senses rather than the political accuracy. With the power to be restored, Atlantis is not a weak power, it requires coddling hitting. Careers of the robot and the blue sky cycles show that they have less fear from us than they can. Technology is better than ours, and definitely until the early 20th century. Last Milo needs to teach Tanzanians to read, why? The whole idea is the departure of their silent, disciplined culture, not to send it to the destruction of oil. EXTREME CONTROL ** ** /> ​​<br /> Maybe, the World's lost world and the turn-around environment should give me permission that this is the most respectable for sores. The failure I get with the film agrees with this idea. But I am losing why I should pay to see the thin characters and hole holes just because most novel novels have them too. And the story of the pulp is part of the "crap can not sell adults anymore", however. We have been more modern and our ass needs to grow as well. All the boxers of the Ark did not lose any of its noses to feel and avoid so much evil. 4 out of 10 - the movie is fun but if I think about the plot, it is coming down.
