Some applauded _Atlantis: _The_Lost_Empire_ as an adventure of Disney for adults. I don't think so - at least not for adults who think. This script shows the beginning as an operating movie, which hit someone like a crap type you can't sell to adults again. The "crackers" of many of the old adventure movies have been done well before, (consider _The Dozen Storm) but _Atlantis_ represents one of the worst films in the same motif. The characters are weak. Even the history of which each member throws out seems to be stocky and odd. The author of MD / Drugs, the tomboy system that his father always wanted to have, if we have not seen this before, we have seen the quirks mixed and match before. Stories about how one colleague, Vinny played with Don Novello (Fr. Guido Sarducci), came out of the flower shops until completely destroyed. It is only the main character, Milo Thatch, the elite of Atlantis mentioned by Michael J. Fox, has a deep depth of it. Milo's search for Atlantis continues to be his grandfather who raised him. The opening part shows a little giddily who was beaten with a knee, as his grandfather puts a pith hat on his head. <br /> <br /> And when the characters were thin, the best place about _Atlantis_ was a talent voice. Maybe Milo's depth is not greater than Fox's charm. Rourke Commander loses anything so-called James Garner. Although Rourke is a good military type, Garner shows its ability to breathe life into mere characters for its delivery. The sound of the garner sound is the highest point. Sorry to say that the King of Leonard Nimoy is the King of Kill is not just a necessity. Additionally, Don Novello as a destructive expert, Vinny Santorini, was also famous for one or two well, funny lines - but always loved Father Guido Sarducci, however. It is also well done by Computer Animation. DEVELOPMENT DEVELOPMENT, yes. Character animation has not been too bad for Disney since minimalism that has sent Don Bluth out of the door. Character animation does not do anything if you have not already made a flat view even to ignore. In addition to the theme, buildings and cars are not much surprising. The plan was worse. Others say hackneyed or trite. I'm not sure about it. Any method that can be used can be made new and appropriate treatment. Shakespeare often began from a legend known to the plot and was just popular to wear a new coat of colors. So treatment is a matter. And _Atlantis_ sure doesn't know that. <br /> <br /> I can't start entering all logic gaps without the spoiler section. The plan was bad. The bridges of the plot explode like twine and endless worth. To add to it, the script and animation is interested in aggressive fights. O O O O / O O O O O O , we start having problems. The authors of the script will need to know the British to take Eire or Eireann as "Ireland", and completely ignore the old, Latin word Hibernia. But more than this, they need to know of the Vikings plan to call the island island Iceland and the island of Greenland. To make it an issue of an incomprehensible "letter", authors have destroyed it for requiring a runic English version and a Roman post date on the script. Since this is a long time after Atlantis had to enter its cave down in the city. And without the symptoms seen by technology smaller than Milo, made the writing not being trustworthy. The Shepard Journal could not be written before the Atlantis sink, or it does not know anything about the cave or the sleepy "in the eye of the King". It must be written after the sink, but without technology even that Milo's journey was, how did anyone find Leviathan. So how can you know more about anything after that? And why would it be written in Atlantian? You can write directly to transport transport or astral transport can explain these things. However transportation and transportation of astral does not require shepard writing in Atlantian. So it has to have some kind of straightforward writing. Since no one left Atlantis could read, it must be the spirit of a beautiful glass message on the face. This would have made more sense. But it can also be explained in the film: Milo could discover that this power had called him all his life - it seemed in a dream, etc.. This needs to be checked on the film. <br /> <br /> 3. Atlantic citizens should not understand modern languages. No one expects that the original Indo-European will be able to speak Europe, more than the Romans will understand that the hard "c" or their day became French "ch" s (known as "sh" s, not less!) <Br / > <br /> 4. The Atlantic were now alive before the catastrophe - when they looked * they could read *, but now they can't read what they were using, or working the same as the mechanics. <br /> <br /> 5. The reading and writing Mass says an important error in the movie. NOTHING seems to be amazed by this culture. It seems to stop the air until Milo can save. Although it seems that life is not a constant struggle for survival, no one wants to compose poems or write a novel and perhaps it is a combination of Atlantian school systems to go down to the end and the lack of good fiction that has caused Atlantis to fall into an unconscious reading. and write. Kida may be charged for not knowing how to read or run a machine if he was very young when Cataclysm's Entry came in - But ALL OF IT ** TO ** ** assumes his father for Deification !! The foolishness of Kashakim almost one-handedly destroyed his people to exist. He was killed in the catastrophe, stood up in development (not much killed here, but watched a great slide in culture and development) until someone could take a glass to kill everyone, if he was not boiled on the first lava because the Giant Robots were not there to hunt. The blue light valley should have broken the likeness of Kashakim, when Kida tried to join her father's statue with the grandeur of the GREAT kings of Atlantis! Though Milo was the only one who could read Atlantian, Rourke and others knew enough to look for the booklet of the booklet and find the page on the mirror - which he knew was a mirror and not some stylozed astrological or "phase" of the sun "artwork. 7. If Milo's grandfather told Rourke about it, it still does not explain how Rourke would suffer from reading Milo as part of the book. Removing the page - which was a dog-by-hand of Rourke, although Milo got a NO sign of the page broken in the book - just was there to accuse the viewer that "something was not quite right". Unless the word "glass" would put a bell on the head of Milo that a person tries to steal, Milo didn't have any doubt. It's just a thick-head model. <br /> <br /> 8. The "cross-cross" staff did not change behavior. We found that Vinny, Sweet, Audrey and Cookie had gone with Rourke from the beginning. However, "heart changes" decreases. It was a change, and it needed to have the best motivation. It's hard to do with characters who have not been given anything to start. <br /> <br /> 9. Little by little that lava flows over the dome, instead of filling in any area we see a sequence from. It is liquid; does not pass between the protective dome until it fills all the lower parts. <br /> <br /> 10. Last STINK! - and makes other senses rather than the political accuracy. With the power to be restored, Atlantis is not a weak power, it requires coddling hitting. Careers of the robot and the blue sky cycles show that they have less fear from us than they can. Technology is better than ours, and definitely until the early 20th century. Last Milo needs to teach Tanzanians to read, why? The whole idea is the departure of their silent, self-condemned culture, not sending it to destruction. GOVERNMENT OF THE END ** <br /> Probably, the World's lost world and the turning of the century should give me the approval that this is the most respectable pulps. The failure I get with the film agrees with this idea. But I am losing why I should pay to see the thin characters and hole holes just because most novel novels have them too. And the story of the pulp is part of the "crap can not sell adults anymore", however. We have been more modern and our ass needs to grow as well. All the boxers of the Ark did not lose any of its noses to feel and avoid so much evil. 4 out of 10 - the movie is fun but if I think about the plot, it is coming down.
