If the creators of Atlantis had something to say in this film, his presentation was (literally) closed with an emphasis on "special effects" on the reputation. Almost as in the efforts to "continue" with the rest of the action action blockbusters summer, Disney has said character-driven behavior, movie-and-message for Star Wars "shoot-up-up" with moral heroes and criminals. Art is a cartoony and producers think that they can rely on photos produced by computers (CGI) of flying fish and submarines to fill the gap. They are wrong, and the days of beautiful animation, hand-drawn are flying out the window for a meeting of CGI meeting. <br /> <br /> This movie is any festival without heart. Sometimes the film is about to be a good, worthwhile film, but it is caused by a lot of emotions by hitting talking about the right thing and instead of choosing to go with glitz. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the movie is pacing. It starts to be confused and then starts the rocket with the story of editing stories that are not accepted. The viewer has run out of the door with Milo Thatch (well spoken by Michael J. Fox) and is still thinking "Gee there must be a lot of things that will happen when we reach Atlantis". Unfortunately, not much happens. The mystery of Atlantis is still confidential and storytelists do not really know how to describe the island / continent. They are afraid to do to say where Atlantis is, even in story stories. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean Sea? Who knows? Nothing is considered, even from the basic perspective of fantasy. The viewer will leave the playground and ask himself "What was it all about? What was the model of the movie? Why did Aslanta live in remembering how to read when many of them lived through the present" day "? then begins to forget about what they saw. There is nothing left over or more mill ... unless you lose money in their bonds. <br /> <br /> The characters and their motivations are the same as ignorance. From the Hebrew zillionaire who finds the journey that appears to be more than the money available on the planet in 1914, with a collective knowledge of the spoiler and VOLUNTARILY drive out its people! Employees are a collection of people of quirky, 2-dimensional of natronistically (for 1914) P.C. color and gender. Talk of demolition specialists as it came from Warner Brothers' Bugs Bunny Short. Most of the jokes are a total of one liners that are largely missed by the audience for two reasons: They are available at electric speed and speed and occasionally mumbled. Ways in which these players make ethical changes near the end of the film are difficult to believe. When we thank Disney for trying to create animation movies for adults - and this is the first Disney not to have animals, talking animals or things - it fails to make a transition. Young children will be afraid of some work and left events in the dark and a large amount of heads (while the characters talk to Atlantean). In the first five minutes of the trip, nearly 200 people were killed without a second thought. Obviously Disney thinks that if you don't know who those people were, why should you care? Again, the movie does not feel at any rate. Mulan and Tarzan were the last films organized by Disney that were done very well. Sadly, Atlantis harkens behind these failed attempts in the past such as Cauldron Black and Hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney needs to return to their root. The end of Peter Pan is coming for a while but one doesn't know what the result is until you see it. And now Disney has found the Fiction Science one hope that they realize that such a variety should be more than its festival. We also expect that the "Treasury Planet", the future of the sci-fi of "Treasure Island" of Robert L. Stevenson, will be more encouraged than "Atlantis: The lost dollar".
