I thought "What Scooby-Doo" was so bad (yes, I doubt I didn't like you), since Hanna-Barbera didn't produce it and it took a big step from the old series. When I heard "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get the Clue" was at work, I thought it might be better. But when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy would appear, I knew that this show would be bad, if not worse. I realized a few moments, and I believe, it's just still a "Child of Youth" or "Loonatics Unleashed" -wannabe. No longer Scooby and Shaggy who oppose those who wear masks of cold hills, preferably robing banks. Now they follow a common man who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have become more confident, too. Also, since Shaggy can not be a vegetable in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually a vegetarian), the original voice of Shaggy, will not be a voice Shaggy. He will have Shaggy just a voice that does not eat meat, and that was just a stupid stupidity to modify the franchise, as the Internet joke is not enough. So Scott Menville (who previously showed Red Herring on "Pup Named Scooby-Doo") Shaggy's voice here. I don't believe, the voice is true! It makes Shaggy sound like a 10-year-old, and it must admit the best fit to look at her bad. However, Kasem Ana Shaggy's uncle Shaggy, which is kind of a good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, didn't look good. It seems designed to look more like Scooby-Doo's CGI from live movies. Also, Frank Welker's voice of Scooby (I need to mention the dog's brain again?) It hasn't been improved yet. Robi, the robot player, is worse than Scrappy-Doo! She tries to be funny and make a "comical" feeling and offers safety tips ("Remember children, do not stand under the trees during the rain!"), But not just fit in the cartoon Scooby-Doo. Again, the effects of Hanna-Barbera's sounds are not used here. However, in one place, "The River flows twice," uses the "thunderstorm" during the thunderstorm, very near! (Although they are still using the sound effects of the latest voice sounds, too.) Scooby-Doo does not use "sounds of thunder" effects since 1991. But my question is, why use "thunderstorm" on "Shaggy and Scooby" - Doo Get a hint, "when you don't use it directly to videos or even on" What Scooby-Doo! "(Two WNSD features used, and not enough, unfortunately.) If WNSD and movies DTV used, then they can be better than this elegant cartoons. The day that this show was proposed, I looked at the first part, and it was so bad that I stopped it after just five minutes! To get my attention to this bad show, I used "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" which came almost simultaneously. And you know what? Movie "Pirates Ahoy" was more realistic than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get Clue" (and even better than "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it looks like new designs which characters have not been permanently franchise. Direct-video films come out when this show is done using standard behavior patterns, thanks to. But, if you like or dislike "What Scooby-Doo," I don't recommend. But if you hate the past, then you will love it! (Oh god, I hope the old cartoon of Scooby-Doo stay better than $ this new * *!) Anyways, like WNSD, add worse to canon Scooby.
