Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the most popular, successful and beloved cartoon characters in the world. So, what happens when you've been anywhere and doing everything with a form? Do you change it well? Not right. Stop production and allow you to rest for a decade or so and then run again, setting the basis for its intact success. That is to say, stick to the form for many parts but add your special taste. This is why "What Scooby Doo" worked, they want back to the form of Scooby Doo's classic which only succeeded ten years earlier in "A Pup named Scooby Doo" but for the most part it was not tapped since the original "Scooby Doo Where You". The first sign (to me) of the weak offering is the inclusion of external characters; there may be several fun articles from previous iterations but generally if you think "Scooby Doo" thinks film-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. However, the abolition of other members of the "Inc" secret generally reflects the group of producers who do not understand from the perspective of children how the show works. The basic premise has always been a group of people who oppose contradiction and access and through their personal characteristics, which are not available can eliminate the work that has been found. This next verse is just my theory of flying is like you want: I hope that I can explain why I think considering close to the basic elements of the show is risky and my definition of what the gang represents and how they contribute to general; Fred represents Driver, I think is generally the purpose of Fred to give direction to the group, organization and small task. Fred is not a happy-going-lucky boy, he is your boss, your teacher, your father, your statistical figure. Fred goes uncomfortable and driven by the task (the problem always matches the solution for Fred). In many ways Fred is an antithesis for Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, the man who is just a bit afraid of things than you, enables you to be bold, not behind the packet. Shaggy represents feelings and often reflects the extremes of emotion from excitement and fear. Velma represents wise ideas, uses logic but when we see it regularly on the show she needs signs that in many places are collected by the other members of the show. Could Velma solve his own privacy? The group often finds itself in a situation where the truth is not visible and only through successful encounters they reach important information to complete their work, the position is represented by Daphne. At the same time (I think the first series of Scooby Doo) was known as "prone risk". The authors have used Daphne to integrate related events via the accident. He is often the one who gets the secret door, the collection of items or other information that can help the link group join together. Finally Scooby himself represents us, a participant. He is always in the middle of the events, and the ability of all things the group has the ability, but it is still disability because he is not human and as we the television viewer can not fully participate. Scooby Doo works because all these humanitarian problems are known once and for all. <br /> <br /> Maybe I've thought things but, in my life I have seen a lot of Scooby Doo (being 30 year old self-announcing nerd, it's kind of lines and location). For me there is magic and the form of "Scooby Doo" ethnicity that should never be destroyed. Many have explained; Scooby Doo is not a good work of art or not, it falls into a group of programs that can be looked at by a small eye and a bowl of heart breakfast. Declaring up and the crude humility transforms into something else, a little thing.
