First, let's remove the way. . . Yes, this film almost LOT from 'Darkness Falls' (2003). The 'Darkness Disorder' program may be like this: Fairy Tooth, a murderous woman who hides her face from the abolition of blood kills people who look at her with revenge. In 'Fairy Tooth' (2006), the fairy tale of Tooth (who, yes, hides his face) provides revenge on anyone. It is also the same as being unfortunate. But, what is needed is this: If you go straight to steal a real plot from the film, why choose something like gray as 'Dark Falls'? Certainly has made a few bucks at the box office, but that was for the good experience of the film exhibition released. The lowest budget, automatically up to the video will not have the same effect. And he did not. When I was looking at the opening of 15-20 minutes of films, my expectations happened. It seems to be at least SOME production value. The story did not seem to be frightening, it was exposed. Prior to the first place, we find the safety of the characters including the old and secret doctor (played by the man who looks like Busey) and another student of the veterinary (Jenifer from the Masters of Horror: Jenifer). After a few minutes, however, the film slows down. It uses all the basic clichés of horrible including, but not limited to: an old man with an unwise warning, buff buck jock, psychic, and stripper and heart-of-gold. One of the biggest problems this film had its ability to connect with target audience. It is kind of the representatives of the film who wanted to change the voice for any character that was on the screen at that time. When adults were on the screen, it was more mature. When the stars (striker) and the joke (jock) were on the screen, the conversation went for more stupidity, losing, rate. When the baby was on the screen, he felt like a part of 'What! Are you afraid of Giza? '. . . not less awesome. In fact, the film is on the place. These exhibitions come from beauty with attractive. Writing is compete, just like many places. On the other side, there are too many parts in the area (including the second woody area (but still known). Also, if you are looking for a bit of sexy stuff, there is a short area (but if you want to see a kid The above, there is a great film to do so.) More than that, they don't have much to bother with when it comes to this film. ?), Maybe you can look at the story done in a different way, but that is the only reason I can get to see this.
