When I saw this film cover, the first thing I thought was that it was made for video. The second thing that came to mind is how it appeared on another bad movie "Darkness Falls", the story of this dumb wizard who killed people in darkness. Unfortunately, Falls Falls was quite a jewel compared to this pile of rubbish, and this film should not be made. The movie begins with a small story back to the magician, or, more like an indirect introduction of two young children who will go to meet the tooth fairy in the hope of giving them a new bike for their tooth. The opening is well closed, and as the remaining film, it certainly does not threaten. At the moment, movies are on Peter (Lochlyn Munroe). Peter casting his house, and his old girlfriend Darcy (Chandra West), and her daughter Cole come to stay there. Cole meets a child of the neighborhood, and they talk about Fairy Tooth, and how you should lose your tooth, or will come to you. Unfortunately seconds later, it looks like a fairy tooth steal his bike and knocks his tooth out (How amazing). Will Cole live the fury of fairy fairy, and his mother and Peter be able to save, and restore their love ... this is a bad movie, you may probably think out. <br /> <br /> One of the main problems with this idiotic film is how does not define Fairy Tooth is. They say he kills you if you lose your tooth, but no. He is like a common killer who kills random, and if you lose your tooth, you will surely go. He steals the bike, so it seems he is a thief too. I said earlier that the idea of ​​this movie had appeared in the Dark Disorder, but where did they get the impression of the fairy tale? Let's see. He appears to be a victim of a burning fire, and previously went near the children of the neighborhood. Hmmm ... almost like that he is quite clear of Freddy Krueger from the "Nightmare on Elm Street" film. And this is not the worst part of this great mess, the peak is. This film can be the most attractive peak (Not laughable because I've discovered more than funny) I've ever seen. Don't see this. <br /> <br /> Just a little trivia. Lochlyn Munroe was in the Scary Movie, and Jianna Ballard was in the Scary Movie 3, and both of them were in this, so the most horrible Movie stars are forced to stop their work with horrible movie movies. : 1/2 of ****. 80 months. R for abuse.
