Darcy and her young daughter Pamela are going to a country where her boyfriend's partner Peter came from his doctor's position in the city to become a reporter and make a lodge with a breakfast bed. Although this guest house has a terrible past and Pamela learns from a young girl who lives in the town that has been destroyed in the same town. They called him 'fairy fairy' if he would kill the children after getting the last tooth of children. This work on the lodge, led to 'Fairy Tooth'. Now she has her stations on Pamela and her last baby's tooth, but if anyone gets the way they face the same situation, she is waiting for Pamela. <br /> <br /> The old story of the people of 'Fairy Fairy' does not 'tick us in a kind way, if you believed when you were a child. Not only do they like to turn memories of happy childhood into a dream! Another which fell into that category was "Dark Falls Falls (2003)". I can't compare how they look at the premises, because I haven't seen the end, but I especially read them basically sharing the same idea. Directly to the DVD film, this DTV initiative looks good and has a promising picture of the useless and traditional and the device tool tool. Low expectations are needed, as I will not make it a success, but I have found it to be a constant recreational. <br /> <br /> The Story of Cory Strode and Cookie Rae Brown or the history of this fairy tale 'fairy tale' is quite clear and depends heavily on the slasher car than anything unusual. Silly is a good way to describe what is happening in this non-text story, but it never feels like a fairytale fear. The discussion may seem excessive and ethical. While acting it is only small with bland characters who should work, but the Chuck Bowman director offers a splatter of blood derived from very bad jolts. This kinda makes for a lack of doubt, a terrible zero and a generic voice. Its focus is both stiff and visible, where it gets the different lighting lights and pictures. The opening opening area is very suitable. His stimulation may decrease in part and there is an abnormal and unnecessary motion of the motion, but it still does not think too much of what is happening that ensured I was not tired. <br /> <br /> The specific effects of recycling provide products, since there is enough gruel enough to be seen by the fairy Fairy is especially gooey. The fairy tale of the tooth can look threatening in his black garment, make-up movements and fast. The presence of the scene helps you feel more normal and can get rich at least in its sense of power. Children's actors may be very angry, but Nicole Muñoz was polite in his place. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are much less, but it may be a bit too at their exhibits like Peter and Darcey. Carrie Anne Fleming is the most beautiful of her visitors. PJ Soles shows in a small place as a neighbor of desperation who tries to warn them of the evil coming into the inn. I thought it was a good time to beter who has a sound concept, which just is not available enough and the action is good books of books. It seems useless, but at the same time it never forgot.
