Fairy Tooth is installed in a small town in northern California where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) has brought farming properties that he builds and plans to enter the guest house, joining his girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) and her daughter 12 Pamela (Nicole Munoz) who comes to help for the weekend. When examining Pamela's property meets another young girl named Emma (Jianna Ballard) who warns that evil comes into her new home, says the story of an evil old witch known as fairy fairy who takes the children's teeth from children and then kills them. Pamela is worried and becomes more tense when she falls on her bicycle and the last kid's baby comes out, not long before the fairy tale of Tooth has her eyes on Pamela's tooth and just for hostage she also decides to kill anyone coming. . <br /> <br /> Guided by Chuck Bowman I thought Fairy Tooth was just a poor films of a horrible video of the awesome budget that fails to identify itself with many others that litter shelves video shop & fill the TV timetable for the night's secret an unforgettable night, basically not very good. Script and producer Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode & Cookie Rae Brown is a perfect snooze-fest for the first 40 minutes of unusual, no big thing that happens at this time all the time and is a bad example such as these things continue to surprise anyone. Introducing the character, sets the fairy tooth legend up & that's it. The second half of the film improves but it is really difficult to find, there are good things to set a set of but not so far that it's all predictable and forgetful. This character is not so great and many of them just miss the kill, the story has differently like the fairy tales Too own, says he kills the kids after giving their baby teeth so why does he go about killing the homeless killings with teeth? What happened to him after the riots set in 1949? Why has he come as a spirit? Although some kind of spirit seems to be a man who opens the doors to himself and uses weapons to kill people, there is no attempt to make use of the most common elements except spirit children who play with great emotion. <br /> <br /> The Bowman director is doing well, it's very well done and there are two screens of the best half but nothing to get excited about. There is nothing that I could say if scary or atmospheric in and do not recognize the comparison between this Falls & Darkness (2003) if instead of dental items are quite different. Gore is the same, a man is beaten on a wood cutting machine, there is a decline, someone has his cut cut off and the best location when someone is tied to the door & then his stomach is locked with copper and their guts out. <br /> <br /> With the budget allegedly around $ 1,500,000 Fairy Tooth is generally good but nothing special in the show here. Acting is not a big thing but it is not very bad and I have never seen the actors of the child who hear it is something that I think. <br /> <br /> Fairy Tooth is usually just below the average modern budget under the direct motion of the video that appears everywhere these days, if you can get a cheap copy then it can pass 90 minutes unusual if not just what you want otherwise it is very good and forgetful.
