I had to know when I looked at the box at the video store and saw Lisa Raye - me, she is Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Kiss of Death" for any movie *. It has been around * verification * film will be bad (e.g. Congo) like Hudson is present (except movie movies, which were camping and bad). Despite my values, and the fact that I just saw the Civil Brand, but another cinema "tour de power" with Lisa Raye, I hire it. After all, I ignored my "Hudson" institution in the OZ and ended up watching a series of quality so that I could give this movie a chance. <br /> <br /> If you like bad movies, this must definitely see! This should be an unfamiliar movie of the movies I saw during the loooong. The plan is similar: Racheal's sister (Monica Calhoun) is killed by brigands band (Led by Bobby Brown!) And, like many movies before that, she closes on ONE LAST TIME gun and promises to take revenge on her sisters death. To do this, he re-joins the Ganging of Roses (known by the basis of the true story of the female group) and goes out and revenge and, on the way, there is a small part or something about the gold that can be buried in the city. The good thing I am going to say about this film is that from what I could say, the stars rode their race and have been looking at the big galloping. The funniest routes (albiet without fun)? Look at the time of establishing a stacy Dash character or when Calhoun's character puts his promise not binding a gun (filled with heaven cries) or Lil 'Kim's character and Lisa Raye's character or Stacy Dash character killed or Lil' Kim's character Lisa Raye's behavior reunited with the group or Asian character Chick or Macy Gray talking bout "Debt paid", etc. With the Calhoun's Racheal and Bobby Brown's left-eye, I can't even remember the names of other cuz characters I was laughing for hard when they were brought. <br /> <br /> If the director had gone to the prestigious and broad comedy this would be a great movie. Unfortunately, he tries to take it seriously without first taking the exhibition, sound design (in his protection, Hip-Hop is very difficult to work on a piece of the period), setting design, script writing or a period of historical research (it was me , or were these more clean people with whitest teeth in the west? Usually when I see a movie that is not good, I ask "Have you done better?" This is the first time that the answer is "YES!" Without precision.
