Why were there so many people living in the evening of Roberto Moreira's "All-Against" ("Contra Todos") at the San Francisco Film Festival? "It's about the man who was beaten," my friend said. "Well ... and it's Brazil," I added. People with beautiful colors, tropical climate, lush sounds, and a hip group plot? Many pieces of course certainly. Somebody forgot to tell us a few details: this is a very bad, very horrible movie, and it is not good to look like it is not good enough. How does the world "Contra Todos" carried out Berlin, Melbourne, London, Manila, Stockholm, Cairo, Chicago, a small local celebration, and now San Francisco? It seems, because of the promotional process and the cycle of film films. First of all, he won the first prize at the Rio Film Festival which was called the best Brazilian film. It must have been a bad year; they have a lot, much better. Then, the best buttons in the paper and the thinking buzz leading to the dominant headquarters - since the movie has not been included anywhere and therefore ignores the closest observation by critics - continues to go round. Movies / events that focus on promoting sometimes emerge. The Chicago Festival called "Contra Todos" "the fastest speed of shooting football from Brazil" and is known by Claudia's partner as a "neighboring stud like a neighbor." Soninha is "the daughter of a young boy of Teodoro's five-year-old boyfriend." The movie is "shooting with the fastening of the camera often held hand" and the director "makes a real sense and palpable of frustration due to despair and decay." The effect is "sudden and honest," and the movie hurts "towards the conclusion as dead as life is shown." It is not a good writing, but it really excites a certain kind of viewer. "Contra Todos" involves a beaten man, two people involved, and a wife and daughter and a born-again Christian Child. It is being shot - in a non-talented video of non-talented video behind the camera function - especially in a poor-looking neighborhood in the vicinity of one of the "favelas" or the villages of the Brazilian city in the country where these amazing movies like "Orpheus black", "Pixote," and "City of God" were made, and not Rio this time, but São Paulo. The person with family problems is Teodoro (Giulio Lopez) and his partner with drug addiction is Waldomiro (Ailtan Graça). All players have a little TV experience like an actor who plays Teodoro's wife Cláudia (Leona Cavalli) and Silvia Lorenço who plays Soninha, her daughter's ready defense. These actors can make it through the back corners of a few telenovelas. Who knows? - in the best directed film can even be good. In addition there are some young people who suffer from Teordoro or, when he has busy, strokes. The Minister does not work very much, although the camera focuses on their pores. Some observers, one at Berlin and one in London, saw the failures of this film but woe they were 'closed in the network. Henry Sheehan said from Berlin that "film" (quotes it) was "the worst of the video" displayed. "The filmmaker seems to have just chosen the video because it was a cheap alternative to the film," Sheehan wrote, "and did not make any new innovative innovations" - nor, he adds, did anything creative. <Br> Sheehan explained the first mistake of the big film: "begins as a home festival that has to fight when, half an hour in action, Moreira reveals that the father and one of his friends is a professional hit men. Wait thirty minutes does not give anything to the movie, it seems as a perfect decision and it is, at the very least, a waste of time. By rejecting it is all that Moreira is doing, like a little child who has found a tool for her birthday, and it goes around talking everything out without rhyme, reason or knowledge. it's true. Write on the London Festival of 2004 for Kamera.com, Metin Alsanjak tried to look at the best but still gave away the features of liberation in the phone "easily filing the best feature." Yes, for very easily, given that everything else is very bad. Alsanjak acknowledged that "this low-budget account, violence and the lawlessness of non-lawyers in Sao Paulo is not suitable for all relevant characters, and as a result of hope. In the dark and arrogant description of human nature, the film was not supported by inferior subtitling. . ". Alsanjak's linking Contra to "Dogme" and Mike Leigh did not help things. In addition to that first moment of the moment which nothing can defend themselves against the first acts of violence - which, when they arrive, "they are happy with everything without seeing voice, reason or skill." - Moreira's assistance is trying to redeem its sudden finale by adding what appears to be after that, followed by an extraordinary location that could end up where one of the parties gets married. Of course the director wanted to show "the violation of the evil" of men with low levels in classrooms, but he cannot do the characters, which he sees in general, coming for us. And the film structure shows that it also cannot edit its material. Try to view the San Francisco Film Festival on 28 April 2005.
