Do not make a mistake, this is terrible, clichéd film, but it's fun for the fans of Olivia Hussey - quite likely to bring more beauty to bring money to the screen. One help said that he was not happy to look - I wonder what a beautiful woman looks like - Paris Hil-slut? Blockbuster should introduce a small type of film, as Fatal Attraction of the plot has become a genre for itself. Blockbuster will take what part of the "Adult"? It will be exactly the same between the drama game and action, right? This film refers to Olivia Hussey, who uses the night of enthusiasm and the unfortunate owner who may have killed his ex-wife, who looks good as Mrs Hussey. This neer-do-well takes Olivia processes and so makes her life alive-hell. I love Olivia Hussey, but I have no compassion for the characters in movies that deceive them for their partners, so I didn't have roots for Olivia to make it o this can not be alive. There is a confusion of violence in the film, Don Murray and Anthony John Denison are involved in fisticuffs while Denison says he does not leave Olivia, Murray's wife, because she is very good bed. and it can get squeezed round - I'll enable you to look at it! $$ (Olivia is a short queen and gives a little bit here. He has a love area with Anthony John Denison and also has a shower area - beaten off) ). Story: $ (We have seen this plot before - one hundred times, and often happens better. and they cannot build faith to make human impact on the plot. These people, of the highest social groups, speak like children of middle school - and sleep behavior during the English class. again). <br /> <br /> ACTING: $$$ (Acting was not a "phone call" as local people say, but it was prevented a great deal of the youth of Riead Olives Hussey's calls for Jon Jonh Denison "weird" and "madness" to his face when he begins to catch Hussey, who is still good, gives a good performance here but Denison was the same as a job to show the dormed stalker, love-crazed. Asner, a bright actor when he was given something with a substance, is ill used in this film).
