On the surface, "Show Money" should have at least complete the full season. It was a regular joy William Shatner as your host, surrounded by a number of beautiful legal styles together called "The Million Dollar Dancers." It had skilled competitors who had interesting stories to tell their lives and who probably knew a lot of cultural trivia. And you had great money! So, what was the cause? <br /> <br /> This game was a failure. A good match of the game requires at least two things: a simple, exciting pacing and ability of the viewer to play together at home. The best, the most durable are all three. Unfortunately, SMTM had nothing. <br /> <br /> The game rules were among the most difficult of the first game show in history. Let me try to describe how the game worked, as briefly as possible. The competitor started with one word or short phrase followed by the selected A, B, C (C sealing web site). Each letter was linked to a different question, all that comes from the word or words. Once the opponent chose one of the letters, they could answer that question or approve and select the second letter. If they passed, they should see the next question, and they had the same choice. However, if they passed the second question, they were required to answer the third option. After responding and before knowing whether their responses were correct, then they had to choose one of the 13 players on stage, each with a different amount of money in his book on his side. They identified their dollar rate (from $ 20,000 to $ 250,000) and depending on whether the candidate answered the right ... or answered incorrectly ... that amount would be added or removed from their pot. <br /> <br /> Still with me so far? In addition, there was one player who did something called "Killer Card." If you have selected a player and a Killer Card and you took your question right, you were safe, and the game went on. If, however, it was incorrect, you had one last question to answer. If you have a last question, you were out of the game. If you have the right, then the game went on. There was no stopping, without walking with money earned until you answered the six questions correctly or you had six correct questions or you were getting to the pit you can't get enough money to get back. Did I understand? Okay! The main problem, as I saw, was the complete lack of tension, because of the design of the game. The competitor can pass on questions they knew they did not know, and answer many of the questions they knew, and make even less pressure. Then, they could still get a dollar for a dollar, even after the lack of question, which meant no "drama" at all. And the fact that they can answer five questions wrong and still have the chance to win was a big mistake. And the walk of questions was a risk of decreasing: often the questions were obvious, it was ridiculous to try to create tension, if there is any doubt about some common answers. The pacing, lack of real tension at any time during the show and those hard rules have prevented this app from working, despite Shatner's terpsichorean talents.
