I don't see enough match for TV game to understand NIFANIA MALI's attraction, but I think it has an appeal for an audience who has no views. The community that experiments the test, offers competitors a large amount of money by answering a few simple questions. However, his experiments play only a small part in the case, which I find hard. For example, before answering a question, an opponent chooses a question that is needed to choose from a random choice "A," "B," or "C". Does this serve any purpose except to slow down the game? It would be quick to start with "A." Fighters can pass questions, but must answer one of three questions in each field. After answering the question, the candidate is then asked to "enter" the answer - another way to delay. The second task of the competitor is to call a woman with twelve girls on the ponds to open a card that shows how much the right question is. The correct answer increases the figure of the dollar cards for the total race of the opponent; The correct answer eliminates the total. The process of implementing this time has the value of entertainment, since it allows the audience to look for the best footwear and well-play. At the same time, the winner is reminded that the uninvited selection of "killing card" will end the game immediately. This usually makes a sweat of the candidate and causes more delays if the nervous candidate thinks of a sudden loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars. My problem is that the possibility of a sudden disaster is the appeal of viewers of the show. At the same time, the whole process has been even further reduced by many empty banners between hosted William Shatner and the winner, with regular practice with caged players. All this delays opens a lot of time so that the audience will forget what the original question is when the correct answer is revealed. JEOPARDY's 30-minute period usually gets through 60 questions. The first 30 minutes of the SMTM I watched received only six (many of which had other TV shows). No one with good sense can watch this show because it's fun to play together and answer home questions. It creates three possible reasons to watch the show. See how the candidate responds to winning just one million dollars, losing everything for one stroke. Look at women who are good girls who are sexually active sexually. Try to enjoy William Shatner's attractive booth. <br /> <br /> My option is "B," but women do not get long campaigns to prove the suffering through the hour of this show.
