Why does anyone want to see this? If this was a video set on YouTube and a teenager, I would have praised the boy for doing so much with his mother's video camera. I may also thank the family and friends for doing good work. Unfortunately, it was made by a very well-known filmmaker and these were, usually, professional artists - doing so very sad film. Sad ... and very sad, in fact. As I said, it has a thorough transition to the video to watch on it. It also has animation and performs that you are shouting "no-profit" - what could this be? The film is filled with many dead bodies and blood. This can usually prevent me, if I love many violent movies and I don't want to see that year. However, given that no one is yet that is true, it is loaded. However, I must warn you that there are few events that are still very interesting. For example, the area and the child gives us a radio in a woman's tub and looks at him naked and refuses to be very bad. There are also instances where you can hear psychological ideas if they do fantasize about killing women. And the level of misogyny which is very good. The people who wrote this are very sick - if killing women is meant to have our leisure. <br /> <br /> After a mass killing group, the film goes to the dining table - next to which is a group of goof balls wearing black hood without holes in the eyes! They say, with pride, about all the killings they have made and singing. It is all very surprising, although I do not know that it was the purpose of the area. <br /> <br /> Then, the film speaks of various sexual crimes and murder and even vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I don't know - probably because people did this has left this type of decoration. And, again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of an interesting German man as he observes people and kills them. The way, based on the film used should I think they are professional artists, I wondered why so many people were selected who were obviously German. They tried to act like Americans and film had to be California, accents are STRONG. Perhaps the German audience looked at this and wondered how "true" acting was, but for any Americans it is obvious these people are not Americans! Considering that in fact there was a killer of the zodiac (who had never been captured), I wonder why anyone could make a "fan film" of the kind for the risk of disease? I mean ... was this film meant as a hot film for pervs? I can't see anyone else who wants to see this or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder what motivates anyone to make this stupid and offensive film? It is useless and deserves to be in the list of the IMDb of 100.
