In fact, as Goethe said, there is really nothing that does not try to pass a negative sentence that seeks to have a focus on "something that had a big impact". "La Maman and La Putain" have indeed reached history as a great influence on what has been done in France and elsewhere in the past thirty years and nobody is attracted to the history of the film, indeed, must be avoided by looking at it. To describe an independent judgment, however, I feel it is necessary to interact with almost every other opinion placed here and tell people: "Don't look at it, it's a waste of your time that will only leave you feeling rather than sickness and anger." sick and angry "about" humanity "or anything so generally and similar to that, because that is the line that many analysts have taken in their attributes of the fulsome of the" film "look at its non-violent dissection of our fear of emotionally and cruelly "and so on - and, if it has been able to keep a message of any kind or even broader of this kind, then the director will have good reason to be satisfied with himself, however his desire may be. that I do not see this long record of empty vanity and a little deception like justification or being judged by any general message. and ethical concerns: Alexandre to a large extent, of course, because we see so much and because he rarely stops for more than thirty seconds; Marie maybe at least, because we see her little. The victims of the Alexandre volunteers have a variety of amusement value, of course, but amusement becomes thin as it comes more and more clearly recognizing that Jean-Pierre Léaud is most likely even to act with that, in such a strange words as "a beau man like an un The film de Nicholas Ray ", was really just to give the word a word for a word that was accepted as true and comprehensive with the context in which he, as well as Eustache director, had lived for ten years and during the film making. I think if the voice of transparency and lack of deficit had continued in the 100% film, it would have worked as a long-term sardoniki comedy about the lowest, 'less,' less and less silly, comedy. What made it, however, the observer at the very least and the director was giving him at least one long-term area for each of Alexandre and Veronika that we are expected to recognize and feel like they shared the moral world with us. If one can go away and live in a flat and saying that he likes one woman, sleep (especially in a flat) and another, and run around Paris to recommend even a third marriage, well, I think I can ask him the best of luck in the world of dogs -eat-selected dog to make herself. What I can, however, with all conscience is to listen even for the time to the maudlin monologues from him where he says about his "worries" and "despair" to him. It also goes twice to the most despicable Veronika, who is shown to drink a drunk in the apartment and even a bed shared by Marie and Alexandre and live there in a different kind of boy with a brutal and heartless violence. As I say, if "La Maman and La Putain" aims to be anything that is not a photograph of Alexandre, Veronika and Marie, three people who even a half-noble can never agree with their company, let them go to their home, then I think there is a kind the legitimacy in praise of the director for being "unflinching" (although why one should even feel like "flinching" once he had a decision decided to form a similar spelling repellent for a film to explore I can imagine). The problem, however, is that the director is completely trusted - and seems to have succeeded in the proven generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronika and Marie somehow represent human beings in general and the limits of the emotional capabilities of mankind. This last thing, however, is an impulsive and bitter anger. There may be natural damage and disaster behavior in human relationships in general and sexual relationships in particular. But the nature and the degree of immortality and the tragedy of the epidemic can only be determined by people who make real and serious efforts to make such a working relationship. Certainly you do not need to watch movies or authorities to tell us that a person who acts like Alexandre will come to refuse to be hated, sad, and alone, or that women who insist on expecting love from someone like Alexandre will end up passion and bitterness. See “La Maman et La Putain” if you are historically fascinated by what has gone through the culture and humanitarian integration in a post-after '68's Parisiano which perhaps, unfortunately, did not prevent just a few social combat like these. But please do not make the mistake of believing that what is written here has any human significance in the way that the film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese may have the argument to have.
