This is the worst movie I saw. No, I told the boy in Blockbuster that they should remove the shelf. The only interesting thing about this film is the box. On the box says "from the director of boogeyman" so I realized ... eh nothing, if this was done recently I am sure to lead at least will not be a bad TOO: - but after seeing the movie and watching what "boogeyman" were talking about, it's some nonsense since the early 1980s made. The main way to the string for the viewers with no comments. ALL, I think that they just loved the name "Zodiac killer", and were not worried to investigate any of the Zodiac crimes or MO, or even the years that he was working. All the crimes they talk about have nothing to do with Zodiac and the "story" about the original Zodiac occurs several years after the actual Zodiac crime did. It also compares Zodiac to the "Vampire of Düsseldorf" Fritz Haarman in the movie and talking to the "son" of Fritz many times. Zodiac and Haarman were not the same, and most appropriate to compare him with BTK who also beat people, not the man who killed people by chewing through their necks. None of Haarman's truth is right or just, just a bunch of nonsense emerged. His son even says "Do not forget, his name was Fritz Haarman and 2 t ..." His real name has only one! I think the author / director is only tied to the google search for secret killers and those who came the most quickly came the Killer of Zodiac and Fritz Haarman. "Ooh those who look like cool names, let's make a film about them without doing any research out there! The great idea" <br /> <br /> Perhaps my difference with this movie is the way that experts and young murderers describe torture from DSM- IV and get his treatment. "I was also recognized to have DSM-IV and since I was healed", etc. For those who do not know, DSM-IV is a psychological guide to mental problems. If anyone who is bothered by the book then has a difficult problem! Haha. However, my point is that this goes down to my top 5 movies of all the listings, and it's rare that the movie reaches that point. But, if you are interested in looking at non-core stories about serial killers who become anything more than ignoring it, the perfect uninformed, and not very smart, I would like to watch this film. Oh, and I loved how the killer “raised tears” a few of his victims and dry ice. Good touch ...
