Similar to the point: "The groove Tube" is one of the unwanted, unknown and frightening films made. This "comedy" is completely empty for anything similar to the example of witches that are almost incomprehensible that even made. I said almost because there are fans of everything after all. This video is not "bad" bad or "fun" bad. To put this film on the same level of entertainment as "Program 9" or "Robot Monster" will be a crime for these films. Films such as you can watch and get a kick. But this film is very bad, SO is not done, adapted and written by SO SO, that there is not just a "camp" or "shadow" to be found. But this was done before Saturday night planned, the comparison could not be avoided. It's not a big fan of SNL, but this film is worse than the worst skit of SNL you can get. And man, that's BAD. In order to prevent male observers from leaving, Shapiro drives regular milk regularly, but the wrongly caused breasts from 1974 will not encourage anyone today. Certainly this film is seriously damaged and it is a sleepy nightmare, I doubt whether they liked anyone in 1974. <br /> <br /> Someone named Ken Shapiro made this film. I swear by God, a ten-year-old video camera could do something funnier and more clever. It is a false right - this is a totally unpredictable film. "Jokes" and "gags" are even young boys who like to breastfeed their father at night. I will give this film one thing - the last sequence, the sequence of "dancing", where the boy (Shapiro) on the NYC play to play, is the most simple thing in this awesome movie. It is not that the sequence of "play" is great - certainly has its time to be not clever like Shapiro strives to fill out all the time of the song - but in fact it looked. Part of this sequence where the fighters begin to play with the person is the only cunning in the entire film. No wonder Shapiro will keep this sequence last - again, when it is not very good, it easily hits anything else in this "film". Otherwise, this film is a perfect piece, not known how real human being can be very clever. The name of this film should be "Craparama's Ken Shapiro." It is interesting that this was done, but many talented film artists cannot enter. However, I will tell you that I am looking at NYU scholars who would like this movie. Total litter.
