First, I would like to explain that the reason I gave this 1 star of 10 is because there is no option to give star! it's really bad! I have never seen this film after seeing these ads, just after seeing it just because some of my friends had tickets and had spare parts so I put them together. Before I saw it I had a very good idea that it would not be a specialist - the premise was not so stupid and stupid for anything good from them, but behind my mind I was thinking "but there must be something good about UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson. make a film ... "not that I think it's one of them is particularly strong but they are great-named stars who usually make a film that can enhance their reputation. However, about 10-20 minutes in the article I found that the movie was worse than what I had expected. I was shocked at how the script was bad. It gave the characters not to work with them, so that they might seem like they did not know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was quite predictable - if you have seen the advert then you have seen so much movie! And there was something original about it - it's a great thing to borrow from every "super-hero" story that has been accepted if the film has been introduced as a satire, but it isn't. The trend seemed to be realistic. I felt that the director wanted the film to feel completely and not satire yet, and there was still some time in a film that was totally unpredictable that would have made it a satire. At one time in two films of the characters seem to die and one of the living characters has a line like "Oh well, dead ... to continue" and says in a similar tone of a droll which does not quite 't make any sense. I found myself looking at me after 40 minutes to see how long I would sit. Then it struck ... I started thinking "I wonder if the studio has made this picture as a test to see if they can make the film worse as possible, and still pull many viewers ..." 's thinking of any other reason this film would be held. In order for movies to be done these days, the script goes to a great process of screening and very few texts actually makes it to the production stage ... I can't understand how this has gone through the first draft of the draft ... last, and largely, the starting point blind-Ly, I was laughing whole-hearted - not just what the filmmakers liked me to laugh, but instead of how stupid and stupid movie was. Thank God I did not have to pay money to see it ... because it would have misled me! Oh, and I can only add it, to the two brothers of Wilson, I have always loved Luke because I think he is the best performers, more confident ... but if he wants to go further in OWEN's shadow then this is exactly the way to do it ... I doubt that he will receive many more services after this crappy waste of 2 hours! and remember, it only got 1/10 for hospitality because I couldn't choose 0!
