I should admit when I went to see this film, I didn't have great expectations. But even with my low expectations I was completely and totally disappointed ... <br /> <br /> Basically Luke Wilson is a fire shot that tends to go out with girlfriends. There is a little mention of a girl to throw him but that's very good for that character. Which I do not mean at all may be as poorly developed as all the film. <br /> So when roadside Rainn Wilson (who loved it before this movie) persuades him to talk to the "hot" girl, Uma Thurman. This is strange to say the least, since everyone can see clearly that Uma Thurman is not under the "fire" group. The performance of Rainn Wilson is also far from "hot". Normally I am all for his act, but even he could salvage this movie. Her character was attractive, untrue and rather than offensive. You can never tell him if the authors tried to make him a pupil of the preparation of the preparation, or just desperate. It was painful. But, however, a man stole a purse when he is going to leave the highway, and Luke Wilson is a pleasant savior running after the robbery. Now we all know that Uma Thurman is a superhero, or "G-Girl" as they like to call him in the movie. You are still accusing me of what "G" stands, but we are going to leave it for discussion boards. Sexual events that I think should be fun, but I find myself asking who is having sex like that? They almost throw a bed through the wall because of Uma Thurman "passion" let's say. It makes my head hurt, but not to "I think very hard to understand" this way. When Uma insulting Anna Faris, she called her "prostitution" I had no discussion with that. In addition to the fact that he can not choose the movies well, he can not act and depend on the fact that he is blonde and unusual. <br /> <br /> I would like to walk from the hall if i didn't pay $ 8.75 to see it. The characters are normal and have no chemistry at all, especially Uma Thurman. One should let him know because just by moving your head does not mean you do. <br /> <br /> Also, script and stories can be used or multiple functions or matches with some lighter water. In fact, I started to feel embarrassed by the actors, and their deaths. In general, if you value your money, and your own self-esteem does not waste your time and this awesome attempt on the movie.
