When does a good movie go bad? When does the movie go from "watch" to "Where & ^ @ _ + #! * OFF switch"? Thank you good for DVD, like this, which can be borrowed from the library - free of charge! Similarly, thank you for the good switch to the "fast forward" to the DVD player. I feel sorry for those people who are excluded from the box office. At one time (I especially remember when it is now just all of the confusion), our "hero", Luke Wilson begins to drive through traffic; I think he was looking for a cab. It was when I stopped, realizing that I didn't care if he got his trip or turned to a trash car. At last the movie was interesting when Luke Wilson climbed from the dumpster, the hair dryer, and first to meet "heroine," Uma Thurman. The area ended with a purse fund that had lost improper crime from the fire away, far beyond Luke and Uma. That was the last time the movie was awesome, and when was it? 10 minutes on flick? <br /> <br /> Every time the movie tried to be "funny," it couldn't. Every time the movie approached "excited," it came out, taking it on the contrary. While the color symbol would have helped to erase the life from this dullard, track track continues empty and silent. Sex / Sexuality is not needed and it was good; damage to sets and visa is not required by children. When Uma turns into a girlfriend, I felt like I was looking at the "40-year-old Girl comes Fiction Pulp"; I realized that there was no turning back because I did not like the "40-year-old woman" and "Fiction Fiction." Luke Wilson's sidekick, Rainn Wilson (also appeared in dreary "The Last Mimzy") adds nothing but anger to hurt in this bad film. Rainn Wilson, King of Boredom Television, should sit in the middle of the worst. Hey, Rainn Wilson! Leave images of long-distance motion alone! Every time the opponent of Uma, Anna Faris, came on the screen, I expected Jason or Freddy or some fear of the flick of a fatal fly out of the back of the environment; as soon as you see Anna Faris in "Awesome Movie," that's all you saw, regardless of the movie, no matter what. The behavior played by Wanda Sykes was just too bad and was not very much in this flick.
