Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks she has found a perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who looks like a quiet but beautiful woman, though soon she learns that she is a needy and wealthy, oh, and also a G-Girl superhero, though you will not know from what he does with Matt after delivery and break him. The promised column has been damaged by normal implementation. My Super Ex-Girlfriend is still a fun comedy however much depends on the joke of cheap sex and end up being an experience of forgetting. What caused it? Casting by the director could not overcome the weaknesses of the script and did not like the way they played it. I expected the boy to be a jerk and could be a revenge of the revenge. However, they made the man suggest and make a psychological psychological. It was not very clean and after forty minutes, the film was wearing out. Indeed, there were a few extraordinary verses, however the middle and the dreadful end had prevented it from leaving. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman has lost his touch. After a successful run in the eighth and early nineties, he began to produce crops like Evolution and Father's Day. I can't say My Super Ex-Girlfriend is a perfect garden but I haven't given him credit for any quality of the film, which is not so much. Don Payne did a bad job with screens. Most of the jokes were crippled and many of the supporters supported only one mark. He also continued to use the same joke to do the same thing. A few of the participants were good enough to save the film. Uma Thurman was as good as G-Girl and had many funny lines. Luke Wilson was a colorful color and not very interesting. I don't think he makes a good man who leads and has the best in helping the tasks as in the Family Family. Anna Faris was just making "Normal Movie" regularly and is getting younger. He needs a challenge or at least other excellent texts. Wanda Sykes either hit or miss for me. She was good at Monster-law-law and was bad for Advocate 2. Here, she's just annoying and does not bring anything to the movie. Eddie Izzard was alright, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just angry and not funny. In general, I was desperate for movies. It was not bad but it was most likely and the final result was only the average. Testing 5/10
