Now I love Bela Lugosi, don't get bad, he is one of the most interesting people to make ever a movie but certainly made his part of the clunkers. This is just one of those. Lugosi has a DkLorenz, a doctor who had his medical license pulled for an unreasonable reason. Yet he is experimenting to put his young and beautiful wife. It has been revealed that he is 70-80 years old and Lugosi appears to be in it between 50 years and why he is married to this old woman. However, these treatments or experiments involving brides on the altar are getting some kind of fragrant substance that passes but they are considered dead. Then Lugosi and some of his assistants steal the body through the way to the morgue and return to his laboratory where it is stored in a certain type of animation or catatonic state. Then the robbers who have stolen sheep are injected somewhere in their bodies, perhaps on the neck, and then the needle is put into the body of Lugosi's wife to bring back youth and beauty. he empowers his wife. In general, the old makes a cry of pain because Lugosi's wife is shouting even when she returns to her small condition. Join Lugosi in her laboratory is the only thing about this movie .... Hag and her two stupid children .... one is a great lumpy looking fellow slowly who likes to enjoy aunt brides and another child is a little mean hoe .... a little man, to be politically correct in today's world.In these three nights just a kind of connecting and sleeping in dreary Lugosi's lab below. These three and how they were helpers of Lugosi are, as many things in this film, has not explained. So, a female journalist is given her job with her gruff editor to find out where all Valentines are stolen to go. She urgently searches th for one common thing among all the stolen brides or an ordinary orchid found on them. So he asks around and is told that there is a specialist orchid specialist who lives next to the one who created this orchid. This expert appears to be a DrLorenz doctor. She looks at him quickly and frustrates his small house of fear. I don't know where the police were during all this but they came to enjoy after the author had done all the work of dirt. It seems that Lugosi's films contain some kind of unnecessary line of conspiracy that has done the same thing over the above heavens. I mean a famous orchid specialist who drives brides to take them to doped up orchid himself is known to have developed? D'OH! And later it is revealed that young women do not even become brides for a working procedure why Lugosi would continue to steal brides from the protective churches through his experiments and create all the attention and newspaper headlines? Why not just grab the prostitute out of the road as usual weirdo breach would do? The trainer reminded a lot of Lugosi's gray, "Devil Bat" .... The same lines of conspiracy and bad actors and the journalist feels bad. "But Lugosi is always good - he is creepy and sinister enough to enable you enough to continue to watch him. The woman's play writer was just an awesome actor .... she had no feeling, she just delivered her as a machine gun, chasing her as fast as possible. Anybody else also shouted too much, while being good actors. ”/ It looked like this, for the fans of Bela Lugosi.Lugosi was always so intense even when the picture was dog. that he was making a bad picture but maybe he knew also that if he would give everything that he had a little of that power could shine through all the wrong squares and a bad acting around him and he was right ---- fans of fear always have love for Bela Lugosi.He gave her all the time e was before the camera. We give you f ** ks to you, Bela.
