Only hidden secrets - and please do not ask for more details - the young teenagers can keep the body and mind of the rapid deterioration of the exotic wife of the beautiful and young. Since, like most people except those involved in medical experiments, girls often leave their secrets voluntarily, Dr. Lorenz (Bela Lugosi) prepares them to be taken and stored. He will make himself separate. <br /> <br /> What a beautiful Cheese Cheese Ball is a small movie of fear. If the corpse is not lost it is not a matter of fear, as a clear limbula leaves behind interesting. Indeed, the act is very bad unless the characters are happy to play the shade (Angelo Rossitto, who later played a Master at Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome); her bad brute of the brother, Angel (Frank Moran), who claps a lot of applause and has a fetus for a young hair; two lost mother (Minerva Urecal); The proposed wife (Elizabeth Russell), who sleeps in the pipe and, of course, the doctor (Lugosi). A happy young journalist, Patricia Hunter (Luana Walters) is following a doctor because of a strange orchid odor that was worn by the victims. When the doctor and his wife welcome Pat to stay at night, a severe storm rises immediately. This suggestion tells us about violent violence is about getting in. Since it is known that in Hollywood at this time all the unmarried women were widows, Pat could have an unpleasant surprise to handle. They include smaller passages, stone laboratories where a nearby girl is kept, low-cost and, later, a direct threat to Patricia's own secrets. If he lives, what story he will give to the editor. If you reduce this piece of Velveeta moisture (and why not?) do not be better, do not judge Bela Lugosi and the company he puts here. He had a great impact on Dracula (1931), but my favorite movie of it is Black Cat (1934). As Dr. Vitas Werdegast is a sad person, he feels the protection of his two young friends. When he finally takes a head for Hjalmar Poelzig (Boris Karloff) and starts killing that man alive, ah, well, it's a great area.
