SABA PRODUCTS: TRADITIONAL TRAFFICS, TRAINING, TRADITIONAL TRAFFICS <br /> Movie was divided into Italy as "Seven Saba". I wanted to know the original name and, after some research, I realized that it meant Shakespeare's trader of Venice, where Shylock's surprise makes a bad bond with Antonio, who will have to give him a "pound" of his meat, if he cannot pay his debt. Although the Italian version makes the Ben something a great human plan, known by human compassion, the original nature, although it has been sufficiently developed to remain unnoticed by anyone, it makes, by mentioning only the body, something cool, wise , it focuses on the root of the human body. Unfortunately, I think that the real quality of Ben's plan has been revealed by the original headline: it will make cooling, which aims to "give" his body parts, but has no human understanding, at least viewers do not get a chance to see or identify any relationship of the spirit within the whole movie. The only exception is the story of love with a girl, which seems to be a sort of unplanned event, which Ben offers, but can not transmit emotional emotion. Certainly I did not like the idea on the basis of the film: the idea that man, however, was blamed for the death of his loved ones and other people himself has taken, takes a firm decision to end his feelings of guilt by suicide: instead of being impossible, useless. I would like, and I think it would be more positive if, at the end, Ben had decided to leave the idea of ​​suicide and continue to live, thus helping those people, and perhaps many more, standing around them, and helping them through his presence. He could not save their lives by a miracle, of course: this would have been caused by more suffering, but I think it would have built up more from a human point of view, and morals. There are many wrong and wrong things: the first reference to God's creation in seven days (which, by the way, according to the Bible, is six!): What does it mean? And what about a woman who is infected with heart disease that prevents her from escaping and even from unhealthy singing, who can have casual sex with a person who, if necessary, has been destroyed by the death of her wife and given herbs and body parts, does not seem to feel much tested, both emotionally and physically, due to its impaired state? The film has been saved by a good actor, but all others are not feeling pure, not only from a logical perspective, but also from someone and emotionally.
