First things first: I'm not conservative. And even though I never mentioned myself as a liberal or democracy, I was opposed to war in Iraq from one day. I think it's safe to say John Cusack and I probably see an eye on the eye on politics, in fact, I'm sure we would like to be friends to drink if we've ever talked about how big text of Adam Curtis' BBC is. My quote is this: emphasize this review by thinking not part of the choir Cusack preaches in War, Inc. No politics of WI politics are targeted to appeal to the population, but the problem is, the effectiveness is low and the Cusack co-wrote film, produced by stars in, more suited than cheap suits. When they say "the road to hell is installed and good." Cusack, collaborators, Joshua Joshua Seftel and even participating actors, of course were willing to make a fight to fight everything as right and funny as Robert Altman M * A * S * H, unfortunately for the viewer, died and one as useless and unreasonable like Michael Bacon of Canada. <br /> <br /> The current state of American politics, foreign policy and the "struggle" of the war is already strange and, therefore, sad, sad and, sadly you like - just watch Daily Show and see yourself. The bottom thing is: you can't write as funny as what the Bush administration gives us every day, why not try to compete? <br /> <br /> The main problem for WI is that it feels to put together quickly. In order to do it, Cusack is basically excluded by Grosse Pointe Blank (one of its best films), changing the settings and colliding in the list of ideas raised from the collected works of Naomi Klein. Many of these ideas are held in your first minute of twenty minutes of films and what makes them so worried that there is no joke or weeds or definite references to Halliburton, Neo-Cons and the United States of Iraq, are ideas, clever or funny. The authors are blinded by their own idea to see that by just reflecting on these issues the film will be interesting and attacking. The problem is ... not. At the moment these ideas are the news of yesterday and unless you have lived down or rocked or blinded by ignorance, refusal and evil (read: the right Christian), this joke is easy. Perhaps WI would work if it had been more effective, humid, degrading and greasy and detailed definition on Work. If so, the joke and the eyes of the eyes are both the face and the worst, and the very little evil, the lie or the evil, they did nothing less than to cover me. Homer Simpson once said "It's funny" because it is true "and The Daily Show proves this every night; War, Inc however proves that because it really does not make it funny. The bottom line: hyperbole is not required when it comes to giving US politics. / Neo-conservative ... already a great joke. <br /> <br /> http://eattheblinds.blogspot.com/
