In fact, it's Robin Hood like 'geezer' alike ... as it is announced! That did not hear much hope, and woe, it was worse than I could blame. Young Robin I can take; Robin who deals with the daughter of a gold dyer I can pay credit; but Robin who shares a very non-banner with his master is hard to swallow, and Robin and * cast * who seem to have difficulty managing their line is a kiss of punishment. Can anyone allow the provision of the work without photography again? From time to time, Much seems like he struggles with Shakespeare's half-understanding rather than allowing free and salty; I anticipated at the beginning that it was just a characteristic of the comedy failed in a clear character for the role of the comedy sidekick, but then began to spread in all of the cast. Nothing else you say about Errol Flynn in that role, had a knack to give a high discussion as usual if he could just think about stimulating the time ... and as this production shows, it's not as simple as it is sounds! If they were going to give us the characters as cheeky chappies, participants who have a question should be given the correct line: they seem like they don't know how to handle. <br /> <br /> I'm afraid I wasn't like a sheriff's pantomime, for the same reason; The lines are clearly not required to be taken seriously but supplied (and in this case written) and nudge and wink in the audience. They were out of place well - four-wall-busting things - but really not funny. This highly promised production reminds me to play for school dropping. The only actor and character I heard was a guy playing Gisbourne, who was the only one who had been dealing with (a) reliable behavior and (b) reliable behavior - but in fact, I would say 'T said that it was very good for The future of the series! At the time of writing, I will give you another shot in the hope that things can improve and sleep a little over the next week, and keep the minimum sterted setting needed and maybe the actors will be more easily and talk: after all, the opening part of " Doctor Who "was not a barrier to show, although he did not have a close place as bad as this. But if I don't see improvement after part 2, I am afraid the series has lost one viewer. Which will be sympathetic, because I have a soft spot for "Robin Hood" stories on the screens, from the adventures of Douglas Fairbanks with confidence to Richard Greene. But this Robin cannot stimulate my blood for a little.
