Madness ... where to start. I was able to stomach only about 10 minutes before cutting it. In addition to the actress playing Robin Hood himself, others were just bad. And, I can just stretch my suspension to unbelief so far. From the opening of the first part, I have lost counting many errors, holes, and horrible clothes were there. It started with poor farmers trying to hunt for the deer to feed his family. All well and good. However, the poor blighter must be very clever, because a few soldiers, with a full weapon, rode on horses, were able to glorify him in feet on 10 feet. The shot which you can't even see them completely, once followed them around 20 feet behind it again. Then, he runs in some forest, and once used by two soldiers ... who are just seconds before, they were riding on horses, several of his feet behind him. <br /> <br /> "Weapons" on the soldiers are very difficult clothes that they tried to make it as maille, and fail to fail. Uncategorized, the "weapons" of the leading troops were about 5 times big as well for the poor fellow. By and large, he looks like he is a little child wearing his father's armor! Finally, Robin can fire about 5, actively searching around the arm of a soldier, in about 2 seconds, from what appears to be a regular bow. No living person can make such a kind of shots, for a very short time, with a shotgun, under the bow. After that, they run away the soldiers and stop helping girls dressed well and cleaning up the "farmers" by digging a hole ... something that all good people agreed to do at all, right? How this series of excuses you have ever found the second season is more than me. The cost of production (at least what I saw) should be increased in several dollars (or Euros) ... / Seriously - I think the class of high class games could have a better interpretation. This was very bad, even the terrible version of Kevin Costner of Robin Hood was excellent. <br /> <br /> I recommend you are flying to this monstrosity, and going to hire or buy a small 80 of "Robin's Sherwood" series. Written better, done, costly, and released. <br /> <br /> For shame, BBC ... for shame ...
