It has destroyers. British Director J. Lee Thompson made the best film, especially 'Ice Cold in Alex' and 'Cape Fear', but 'Country Dance' is one of his most wonderful offerings. Stories are kept between the top Scotland groups, describing the mysterious triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, the owner of the historic securities, Hilary's sister, and Hilary husband who was a widow of Douglas, who expects to be reconciled to him. We learn that during his career as a military officer, Charles was considered to have 'low-quality fibers'. This seems to be the correct discovery of his situation; during that film show the view of the world-wide quarrel of the world, and the sources of emotional support seem to be Hilary and its bottle of whiskey. The film ends up with a commitment to the top-class storage. Peter O'Toole was, when he was as good as in the 'Lawrence of Arabia', one of the British actors, but the quality of his work was not the same, and 'Country Dance' is not one of his best films. He testifies very much, making Charles a caricature of an impersonal aristocrat, as if he was trying for a part in the artwork of Monty Python 'Upper Class Class'. Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig if Douglas are much better, but there is no better performance to act on the film. There is also a little in the way of concrete copper, more than a slide story of intervention under Charles. The main problem with the film, however, is not to act or conspiracy, but rather to a theme that does not want to speak His Name. There are half of the link between Charles and Hilary, or at least the attraction of him, and that his interest in Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the seventy and early seven years (the date of the film was given as different as 1969 or 1970) there was a limit to what the British Board of Censors of the film agreed to allow, and the film with a clear theme was obvious completely. (The American name of the film was 'Brother's Love', but this was not used in the UK, but was also interesting for BBFC?) These ideas have never been developed and we cannot see what causes Charles or what has caused his moral collapse, resulting in The film of holes and hole in the middle of it. 4/10
