If you rent a movie called "Exterminators of the year 3000," a bad situation is good you know. I myself was bought with a statement of the promise of "nuke creatures," "motor-psychos," and of course "exterminators" themselves which, according to the back of the movie-storage case, all cavorting around the post-apocalyptic abortion country of destruction broke every kind of violence. Let the hijinks of wacky and buffoonery under budget guarantee - at least, such were my hope for this "film". Now I love the awesome movie constantly, and if you read comments on Exterminators of the Year 3000, maybe you are doing it too. What I said, I hit this film to be a "1" bad "- not because I liked the movie but because it is one of the most effective attempts to make the films I have ever seen. Discussions, acting, movies, voice editing, general editing, conspiracy, etc., etc., etc. - all of them deserve what they should surely have the low expectations of the audience made by that wonderful name. <Br /> <br /> Why is "good" about this bad movie? It has a lot of what my circle easily shows "quality kills." The kill, for the few who do not know the words, are not hard and quick, but usually refers to the person who was killed in a terrifying, creative, or uncomfortable way. Exterminators of the Year 3000 also has a fair distribution of "rough-bad-to-funny," released by a big part with Crazy Bull, a leader with a good reputation for a non-motor-psycho - who also offers more of the killings (if you expect great things from the mutant of nuke, think again, they play the zero part in the movie ... stop!). Crazy Bull, however, is all you could apply in b-movie motor-psycho. Shakespearean paraphrase and oddly PG-style insult is all knows how to say ... and that's terrible. <br /> <br /> With its quality kills and bad conversation, however, if you are looking for a really bad movie entertainment, Exterminators of the Year 3000 craves somewhat for having to draw them to items such as the effects of the secrets and short-term, high-quality killings, and bad discussions, do not have enough to prove the full length of the element, because for forty minutes or so where the audience is forced to follow the characters in a long and boring "drive" and a long way The journey ... Anything, very good movies, but not, no Death Race 2000.
