The first problem seen on this well-known film is cast. Ann Nelson plays the bride here. Three years after this, he could star in "Birds!" as a woman who sings when listening to Robert Hays pine for Julie Hagerty. I couldn't find the picture from my head. <br /> <br /> Matt Boston is fifteen years old. He has a headache. His mother had a nervous breakdown. His grandfather had a serious heart attack. The smoker smokes to know what the devil is doing with this family. First he hypnotizes Grandma Nelson. Nelson says the story in flashback filling the first half of the film. She and Grandmother bought a RV, cheap, and drove it around all the tourist traps in the California California. RV recently has his own ideas, going away from that road. Then, large large stones begin to push themselves. Older couples are really afraid, but sit in the car to encourage the plot. Finally, Bibi has a heart problem after being beaten on a RV roof when you ride another unplanned journey. Boston's mother begins to talk to some American American mummies lying around the house. He is pleased with the author himself, and makes a good statement about the dead body. A psychiatrist reads a detailed description, and uses his ideas to fill the buttons. We see the mother losing out, but her mental breakdown occurs in the mirror, such as the heart attack of Gramps. Finally, a resistance patient, little Matt. Matt goes under the gun of hypnosis and tells his own story. She thinks mother is wigging out (this was done in 1977). It seems, the mother makes the astral bodies of the American mummies of nature fly through the air. One promotes Matt as a bee hits the windshield, and Matt begins to do all things. The mental expert takes Grandma and Matt in the desert. Matt is open in the current wheel, and trio faced with invisible power (and untreated) <br /> <br /> Flocker does not mean the construction of the area. One pro here involves RV strikes in a flat salt desert. In the distance, the couple see some boulders around the RV. This is a wonderful amazing place that is finally full. If pipes start moving towards the car, special effects become clear. <br /> <br /> Events where RV runs the highway, then back again, take forever. Events where Grandpa is tied to the RV roof as it focuses on the dirt path takes forever. Mother and Mother's talk takes forever. Matt out of the body experience to take forever. This film takes forever. <br /> <br /> I was tempted to hit the fast button at least several times. As events were made, it was clear Flocker was padding. Cut the fat here, and this would have been closed one hour. The last "end", that the spirits of mummies tried to kill those around Matt have no water. Did you stay RV? The creator of the film has never brought the fact that the soul is not good in their murders, it does not kill anyone! I kept thinking about Nelson in the "Birds," I thought of other movies. Anything prevents me from falling asleep at this time. Boston is awesome as a child, playing fifteen years old as a good ten-year-old who has a smart alecky line for all adults who fall on their own love. <br /> <br /> At the end, Flocker has written and led aggressive. The head is the beginning of this exercise by making the audience feel comfortable. This is not terrible, and as ghosts, you can also continue walking ... away from this tape on the video store. This is not stopped, and it has physical abuse and brutal abuse.
