*** LIGHT OF LIGHT LIGHT *** The story looks good and if you have read the novel, then you might expect a deep and powerful film that can give you some insight into some of the most interesting and uninvited human relationships. <Br /> <br /> True, the script tries to do so, the director tries to do so, but the main cast fails to disappoint. Mary's work is very dry that does not have any sense, when its intense looks almost comical. Sometimes she seems to be afraid from the camera. His only sense of feeling is close to the end where he gets lost by his partner. Ioana looks even more than Maria and even more, she doesn't seem quite natural. Maria had a perspective, even though it was being openly influenced, but had her character and received loyalty. And doing the worst things, we don't know about it: where does it come from, how did it get involved in lesbian relationships, how did that relationship change? We just get bits from his parents and their relationship seems to just 'be' there: it has content and end, but no beginning. Like her lover Maria, she has only one event that really affects the area, where she loses Maria's character. Tudor is the only person in this film (apart from the owner of the house, who does good things) who can prove other talents. He has a characteristic of his character and is suitable for him. Once or twice he appears to be bad (the food area of ​​his parents, he tries to be obvious when it is not quite needed). I love stories, Tudor Chirila is the same, the landlord is doing the works and Puya provides his couple in style, but this does not save the film. Unfortunately, all settings had great potential and the Romanian movie could be used on the film. Normally, the relationship between the brothers and sisters seems to be more trustworthy than no-background no feelings (well, interludes said Maria is a good attempt in this direction) the relationship of Maria and lesbians Ioana. I am sad to spend money on tickets, I would like to look at it from the comfort of my room.
