Jeffrey Combs is a fraud scientist whose study of stem cells has already entered into a diabolical program to form a hammerhead shark's life form, hoping to reproduce a new type of type using the Tylo stomach. It will not be easy for Tylo to be tough with his partner, William Forsythe, not to give him a fight. You see Tylo and Forsythe are two of the business executive Arthur Roberts, brilliant minds that meet Combs (a scientist who once worked for Roberts, and whose position went to Tylo) in his island castle where he runs his research and experiment. This island gives him the opportunity to hire clean victims for his work and "son". They think it is professionally relevant to success in the study of stem cells that can lead to treatment for various diseases. Combs' son was dying of kidney cancer when he decided to make his biological science on it, and to create a thirsty thirsty thirst, which could swim and walk on dry land (though, the first hammerhead could remain just outside for a short time). Tylo was pretending to be the son of Combs, so the relationship was more than two of them worked for Roberts, who brings with his kidnapped wife, Mary Ignatova. Also accompanied by Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova, are his colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. The mixture beat them in the meeting room, but they can run on the island because they are sending the lost managers well with the shark hammerhead. Like the elements of biological sci-fi organisms, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has the effects of computers generated by the attack. The fast, full-time camera when you have a hard time to see any gory killings. You have this irreplaceable idea that someone eats (he is broken by shreds), but the attack itself is hit in a way that is not very common, which is actually told, is very bad. Monster itself has never been seen in full, the short-term eye or body part is borrowed as the victim screams for fear. One thing is sure, you see teeth. We get the axis of the cgi to swim with a hammer hammer towards the screen, all afraid, ready to eat the body food. It is often the time (.. and after) victims are attacked, we see a lot of blood and body bits that walk on the surface of the water (this is actually the director general of Michael Oblowitz as to inform the viewer that those excluded from the goners). <br /> <br /> Combs does not break new ground as a scientist, but always was able to show gentle calm under this blood-solving problem. It is a pleasure to see Forsythe in the normal role of a clean hero, which is opposed to such a kind of electronic ministry (.. on his loan, he cancels) who must reach the leadership position when the group faces an unusual risk. Tylo is also a very different role, a scientist who can protect himself well. Roberts can play the roles of the owner of the owner in his sleep, and it is a good way to see him shooting a machine gun on Combs' soldiers (though, his fate is not recommended). Explaining that, it was also a look for Forythe and Tylo's look at the goons of workers employed by automatic machine guns. As expected, the screenplay allows those who created the fiend to commit suicide only to be able to pay for their sins. I mean, with the weight, do these people know to stop themselves from attacking after seeing only damage to anatomy? what can humans do? Good foreign arrangement is a very good background.
