Where hell is these unidentified islands where prehistoric leaders are emerging, evil doctors make their experiments, human beings hold the final martial championship, and humanitarian defenders for the sport? I did not know that there are still many unprotected islands out there, but if you consider the number of movies that use one of these unknown islands as an area, you would like to assume that there are at least 50 of these suckers out there. That always sends feelings so impaired easily and I immediately draw points from any movie that uses a hickneyed device. Hammerhead is a story of a foolish scientist who is experimenting on one of these unknown islands, so the movie already had a lot to do before it started. This island is used by Dau Moreau, but recently purchased by Re-Animator himself, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey is doing some kind of cutting of stem cells, which has started to work with sharks while looking for cancer treatment. If that seems to be normal, that's because this is the same as the base of the shark base in the Blue Blue Sea, not to mention an army of other Nu Image movies. So, obviously, Jeffrey's child was dying from cancer that led our ignorant doctor to start testing his children. He made some kind of widespread genes and so on, turning his son into a shark man. William Forsythe leads anonymous staff on the island to check the doctor's experiment. If a person could give him a sea hat, William would be a dead skipper player from Gilligan Island. In the typical Bond Villain style, the doctor decides that all these users will make a good chum for his son. Not chums, like friends ... chum, like a shark food. So enter the shark boy who starts to tell Skipper and his allies around the island. They, of course, make half-hearts attempts to escape and are constantly destroyed during the expulsion of a guy in a suit of a shark ball. The movie did not make any feature that was lost in one of these damaged islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me think about the old joke. Why are you stumbling head and hammer? Because it feels good when you leave. That's very good how this film is. The only reason to look at it is because it feels good when it is over.
