As a fraud-Russian scientist says two-thirds of the way to go to the film, "I came to science." This is a huge amount of reason I watched this film - anything that involves half-man, a half-hammerhead shark certainly deserves a large screening investigation on the part of an unwilling scientist. Or, as they say in biz, my sister was in the village and others are history. To say that special effects were bad would be freedom on the field of special effects. This is 2005, not difficult to hide the car's location without the background of the bluescreen of cheesy. Yes, this was a charming and state of the art when Hitchcock photographed "Birds" but in 2005 it just looked for a low budget. Give me a cheap test in Sci-Fi and make a service to actually make an attempt to suspend the purpose of unbelief. However, after having the weight of the overall concept of this film, I would like to tell you again that, as sad as it may seem, this is appropriate for your time. If there is nothing else, it is a powerful tour of Sci-Fi bad - the value of education for a new movie buff and certainly deserves a fun course for those who have seen a few movies in their day. A skilled scientist who thinks it is a good idea to imitate the blood in nearby water makes my questions not just the human mind, but also the ability of film filters "B" to come with Films The plot of the remote area. This film also fulfills one of my long-standing films - bad guys always wear sunglasses. If it was not 2005, I would like to be a deadset in fact this film was some kind of a non-poor model for winter war. I mean, you can also be Khan on Klingon's Prey Airplane to insert leaches into the ear of Chekhov. <br /> <br /> One of the most moving lines of the movie is when chick without the stress emphasizes that looking for Charlton Heston, "waiting Tom" as he tries to lift the helicopter escape from the bottom. The thing is, Tom is losing young green eyeglasses with his endless clip of bananas on the terms of his Kalashnikov, or AK-47, in the words of the layman. <br /> <br /> As a science scientist says near the end of the film, "my goal is to change the human kind" - it is enough to say that this movie has only contributed to the destruction of mankind. The Freudian reflection of the despair translated by a scientist as he influences the female protagonist with a hammerhead star is a simple reminder that even in the greatest lie of science we can find something to laugh.
