Misadventures of the fourth "saucy" or pair come to London the same day in the 1970s. There is a Swedish girl, Danish, German and Chinese. This story unfolds to give all the clothes, involving them in the humorous form of Delivery and reconciliation with various misfits from the film culture and British TV at the time, including the Man's About House House Richard O'Sullivan, future Coronation Street rogue Johnny Briggs and the surprise of the famous Ferdy Mayne film (play sheik). There is a huge amount of risk of female magic being displayed, for those who like that kind of thing (but obviously nothing hard). Most of the films are thin and unavailable; girls are witnesses, and Germany Anita is suffering from some kind of infectious disease - it is a moron considered by a color TV that makes it as a form of children and uniforms to show its secret parts; in other worse films, he would be a psychological case. The most fascinating part of the film involves a Swedish girl being taken to a club in London where some of the dodgy types are still trying to talk, given to a middle-aged rock, losing her virginity and realizing that the situation is not for her. This process has energy in them and shows the most interesting film that we have finished, which is the sex scandal and high-quality trade and life classes live a normal and natural life (there is a beautiful beauty and John Standing like a roue school ). The most amazing story of the Chinese girl (former Cannibal Me Me Lay fighter) left with her new piano employer, falling in love together and then leaving the midnight without a good reason, except some of the concepts east of that "Chinese birds have no doubt, do you?" The film is very disrespectful to its female characters and there is a tribal disorder in discussion with one of the attributes. The latter is surprising, as the Mayne leader for any earthly reason (except they should end the film somehow) whisks all the girls off to his Arab kingdom why it seems to the whole world as future in the white slave trade, which all are happy about . <br /> <br /> Planning and rebellion for the most part then, but is dominated by the right amount of knowledge by the old Val Val, which puts it as part of the film making notch on most of the 70 years of sex Brit sex decomposes.
