I got this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I haven't heard a lot about it; just that was a tight-paced thriller, a digital shot on a very low budget. I was hoping to get a big Big Flick. But I have to say, I was so desperate. "This is not the Love Words" follows the two criminals, who, after shooting and killing the young daughter of the farmer, have joined the cat's death and mouse while the villagers decide to take things with their hands and hunt. The real problem is that this is another example of fashion on substances in the UK film. The camera facing editing is the opposite of the story, as is the case with the top performances, and the awesome use of slow motion, which only serves to make the whole thing look like a costly home video. There are regular attempts to make the film visible and beauty and beauty, which replaces it as a hilarious and high (a pathetic cue, mandatory drug area, and countless, without camera camera zooms). No amount of cliche like this can hide the fact that this is a bad story bad. <br /> <br /> We've seen this kind of thing often before, and made a hundred times better, especially in John Boorman's Brilliant "Redemption." But during the last film, we actually took care of the characters, in this film, I just found them to be hunted and killed as soon as possible. Even this would not be so bad if their enemies were frightened or worthless, but instead, it was only a collection of an unseen world. Again, another feature of the offensive, which is widely used. Surely there are some good people in the country, film artists? It 's in His advocacy, "This is not a Love Song" has several positive, good to emphasize, but it's hard to see this film doing anything except going directly to video, or, by pressing, getting The release of very small movies. It is not the last Budget contract of last year to be hunted in the mountain film, "Girls Dogs". Perhaps the Cinema of the UK can actually get a kick-start again if the right money has gone to the wrong people.
