To find out where this version of the 1976 STAR is published. From this point: The last number is singing with Barbra Streisand in seven and forty-close hours, followed by another two-and-a-half-minute frame for Ms. Streisand - facing the situation of Christ - behind the closed loans. More than ten minutes of the deadline of Barbra's dead face, filling a large screen with ego unreliable. That may be some kind of movie record. Or think about this: This music program involves the love of the two superstars of music, however, when Streisand songs are done in full - including the unlimited end - cost Kris Kristofferson is not allowed to complete even one single song . However, though he allows him to give a little back to his bonds, do you? They sing duet. <br /> Consider this: Streisand's name comes from at least six credit cards, including taking credit for "musical concepts" and his (from the closet) - and also says he wanted, but failed to get a leading loan also. One of his attributes was like a producer, with a producer loan to his old boy and former carer, Jon Peters. Therefore, Streisand controlled the final cut of the film, which explains why it is considered by skewing film in its leadership. What does not explain how it comes, given every opportunity to do The Great Diva look beautiful, their efforts just make Streisand look bad. Although this was one of the biggest discrepancies of the Streisand box office, it is certainly its worst film and it has its worst performance. However, transferring melodrama from Hollywood to the world of sex-and-rock 'naroll, Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the road to skill, who shares the fastest time with John Norman Howard, a rock of hard rock led by Has-Beville station. In the preliminary story of the story, "Norman Maine" offers a human sacrifice to help the visitor "Vicky Lester" to achieve its success. In the seventy years of female, Streisand & Co want to make it that their heroine shouldn't have something for someone, so the trajectory is skewed; he will succeed with or without him and he is very close down from the same location; he is a burden to endure in the name of love. Therefore, there is a definite effort to make a leading woman not very strong, but close to cruelty, when her player comes as a twit. equipment; make a little attempt to do a lot of performance, and usually serve its useless, unethical behavior. Streisand, on the other hand, does not show one time of loyalty all the time on the screen. Everything he does is visible, if it is no longer displayed, at least it is also controlled. Even her apparent disasters seem to be very clear and her time of cold hysteria. The two have no chemistry, and make the great thing of love impossible. You may think that her behavior is a sign of youth and its destruction, although at age 34, Streisand does not seem to be young or young. The only attraction that he can give is that he can use him as a means of skill. And indeed, the film had guts to play these things in such a way, in order to make Streisand a character to play the role of the lazy minister, the film may have spark and perhaps the reason for the existence. But I think the film vendors see Esther as a sympathetic victim; they don't seem to know how blood and selfishness he uses. But understanding is not one of the power of the film: remember the small soup to give Barbra two African African singers on the singers so so the film can put in the stupid discrimination to call trios Oreos. And the film makes a great deal to show that Esther puts her tribal name using Hoffman's name, but filmmakers have changed the name of the original films from "Esther Blodgett" so that Streisand should have no problem with the name that is very Jewish or it doesn't matter. Largely for ethnic pride. The back-and-back play that was given to the film is close to the story, so the fact that the film ends up is so casual. Criminal director Frank Pierson seems to have given raw material for a good film, and a great help from his film Robert Surtees. And the film served its purpose, releasing an audio album of beautiful pop tunes (including Oscar-winning "Evergreen" and Paul Williams and Streisand). But generally the film turned into a single thing Streisand was reported that he did not want to be, a project of vanity.
