I think that, the lowest in the darkest part, the lighter of their heart, everyone loves Jerry Springer just a bit. Although her show is not ridiculous and stupid, it gives us the opportunity to see that, by saying, most of us have very good. When you look at the trailer '', the dollar whiskey of the dollar ', the people of the lovin on the shower of the Springer, make even your worst day seem like walking in the park. Jerry does the public service, and we should be thankful. He offered political work to attend the show, just for us. We should not be grateful for any way it is a piece of movie garbage "Ringmaster". "Farmer" shows how life is similar to people who turn out to be on the show, or so they would like us to think. The movie follows before the required Springer story story: Love triangles. One triangle involves Connie, her angel, and her husband Rusty. Others include Starletta, Vonda, and Demond. When the two senseless groups meet LA, their lives are connected to the headings, they all reach the part of the springer shower. It's like the "Short Publications" will be like Robert Altman had a bad crack. It is true on the show, for it is stupid and angry from beginning to end. It also makes me very happy that I do not live in the pastor. But the movie has a problem. It is billed as a comedy, but not just very funny. What laughter can be few and medium. Perhaps some people look at this and laugh at the non-stop. If you are thinking about the task of blowing and rape is funny, then I think you're one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and was using the entire movie for the fear of white-waste life. <br /> <br /> Jerry Springer Show just doesn't mean to make a leap from a TV on a financial screen. What's funny in long hours (less, when you count ads) you don't have to be funny in the movie's nine minutes. Movies say the story, and that's another thing "Ringmaster" has trouble with. Stories are genius. There are many holes of conspiracy and error to continue that any attempt to tell the details of the partnership is fast. And even if he did not have such problems, how happy would you like to tell the story of people who have no views in an unfamiliar story? Even the Hollywood formula could not do it better. "Ringmaster: it is very bad, even binds the best part of the Springer shower: Last Update." Somehow, even the smartest and most simple feature of the show is becoming more common than women's slut film built around. <Br /> <br /> The worst offender in all of these is the Springer himself. For the worst actor that he can not even play himself to entice. Look at Springer play Springer is sad. 'vibe, and failed. For trouble, he went into trouble to produce this disaster, at least he could do it trying to make it better. It is not that I am saying everyone in this movie put in a deserved performance reward. On the contrary. All exploits. No wonder, no one in this movie continued to the size. Molly Hagan landed on Nikkelodeon sitcom. Apparently, Nickelodeon doesn't have a problem with hiring a woman who made a star in the worst movie of the '9 0 star in children's app. It makes you wonder what kind of things other people in the center have done in their past. Here's my last thought: what we are here is a group of people who are disrespectful to someone and money to burn, who have met and put their resources together to produce a film that shows how much they hate themselves and how little they think about their audience. Should we accept people who make movies that make us like a brain tumor? I say no. Somewhere out there, in this crazy, confused world, there is a perfect movie for each of us. We just have to keep it. Until the future, take care of yourself and your loved ones. And never look at "Ringmaster".
