I can't say quite that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I saw. The film would be much better if, because at least the worst movie I saw, (Prom Night II) I wished me enough. My only answer after leaving the theater when I looked at the clock and I realized that only 90 minutes passed. It was proved more like years. It repeats the endless of the poor people, (or what Jerry Springer seems to believe the poor people are), fight, fight, insult, then repeat the process with the same attention to all our responsibilities when shampooing. The program, which involves how a group of ignorant people live their lives wrong enough to give a gill to Jerry Springer mill, developed only because of the idiocy of the characters. This makes it impossible to keep what happens to them. It didn't mean to me if they got on the show, or what they said, or who they slept with. Maybe I don't necessarily care about them. Maybe I should look at them as some sort of comic - to see their horrible behavior like funny nature. Not bad. Humor is not anger. It is innocent. It is predictable. Humor has to have something behind him, some kind of painful irone or life experience, to work. Scatology is not wit. Example. Mother takes her daughter and her husband in bed. For retaliation he runs along the trailer reserves and gives oral sex to his girlfriend's girlfriend. Since I won the Jerry Springer show of a long time ago, I had the same response I had with Andrew Dice Clay nursery rhymes; not laughter, just yawning. Finally, I have seen the allowance of Springer as a common and weak teteome. If he was really a poor advocate, he would bring a mother from Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise her children in New York for $ 12,000 a year. Or, failure to do so, at least give its participants an indication of its benefits. Jerry Springer gets millions with his performances, his movie, his book and his videos. Her visitors have a trip back to the air, a hotel hotel, and a chance to self-feed. If he loved the poor people, he would give them at least some of the money they were paid. It seems that Springer wanted to make this film get some symposium. Jeez, and all his good work, you think he could get our honor already. However, the film is weak and stimulating. It doesn't even become angry. If you want to have a good evening, video basketball tips for the night and then watch.
