Bat Vampire is installed in a small German village of Klineschloss where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore), Burgermeister is holding a meeting with Auditor Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) from local overcrowding over recent killings, six victims have been found in many weeks reserved for blood and bearing two wounds to wipe out their necks. Brettschneider has no one clue but the village elders believe the death is the work of the Vampire. Brettschneider is not credible but the villagers are afraid to continue to tell the story of the big bat, while the recent victim Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle) has been found. Brettschneider comes under pressure to solve the murder but can really believe that Vampire's big bat is responsible and how is he going to stop? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. Strayer Vampire Bat was a good picture of money for the effectiveness of two stars Atwill & Wray & their achievements in past years Doctor X (1932) & is more than a secret genocide instead The fear as a head of injury and an interesting one that can lead you to believe & truly the truth is rather light. Edward T. Lowe's script. it finds itself rather focused & lays the basic story that it kills villagers of the area and that something that can be Vampire, then for a long time the film takes into account Brettschneider and its improper investigation is not, not very well on it, boring. Vampire Bat also has an identity crisis because it does not really want it to be, the head suggests a horrible film while many of them can easily be described as excited and the last few minutes will drop silly sci-fi. No Vampire Bat, attempting to deceive you is interesting, all the character is a broad exhibition & you can tell the villain of a piece once & generally there is nothing particularly exciting or entertaining about the Vampire Bat. I know it is old but that is not the reason that movies have moved so much since 1933 & bland, flat, lighter, interesting and misleading films such as Vampire Bat are not reduced these days, just see the original King Kong (1933) was released the same year and how brilliant yet continues today. I did not like & I doubt many modern films they like, it's simple and straight ahead like that. Strayer Director does not have anything special but this is something that is where I can cut the film because of his age, generally it is a very good step, shot and hope for good things. There is not much in the way of the sky or horrible though some of the sets that were available from the Old Dark House (1932) & Europe put on their back are good and add some ambiance to things. Basically the Bat Vampire can't compare to anything even far modern, for their age it is the same I think but again I draw your thoughts back to King Kong's original. Referring to King Kong is the star Fay Wray plays a role in this as well as the icon of fear Lionel Atwill, I will be gentle and say acting is the same. Bat Vampire will think a lot of folk in thinking that it is a terrible movie about Vampire Bats when it really isn't, self I thought anything was a bit of birth. It is short & says the story is sufficient but I must admit it is not a fan.
