It is a business situation trying to strive for the success of others. Here we have a movie that takes elements from the original "Dracula" (1931) and "Frankenstein" (1931) - in the German city village leaders believe that hurricanes (in the shape of bats) have been the cause of recent deaths of victims without blood. Even as a shot at Universal (and on the Bronson caves!) It's a Row Poverty feature; not the same comparison with those earlier, more made by the best film. From the known and exciting music, the best of the great names (which must have been of Mischa Bakalienikoff), through the conversation but well open the sequence, we expect the arrival of Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye to throw a good film of 30s hidden. Unfortunately, it does not happen. That's desire. We get a little more than the formulas of such films but at a slow pace, low budget, insufficient Dwight Frye, an additional presence of Maude Eburne (Aunt Gussie), and a Pillar for Lionel Atwill ( Dr. von Niemann requires human blood or how he demonstrates intellectual control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazier) was never clear. Doctor \ t X '(1932) - which also star Lionel Atwill and Fay Wray but as a father and daughter - before looking at this way I did; is a winner of Oscar for comparison. So look at this first. Typically, 'Vampire Bat' is still not good. It goes along with talking too much or the freedom of comic unwanted, without concentrating on vampiric villainy. <br /> <br /> Apart from 'Dr. X 'and' The Secret of the Wax Museum '(both 1932 and star Fay Wray), the most popular appearance of Lionel Atwill is as one of the weapons leader in' Son of Frankenstein '(1939) and as Moriarity in' Sherlock Holmes' and Hidden Weapon '(1943). Dwight Frye stole all his manic images in 'Dracula' (1931). As 'young lovers,' Melvin Douglas and Fay Wray have a good kissing, but that's about it. He can appear in the 'Old House House' (1932), and Fay is found next to Joel McCrea in the 'most dangerous game' (1930). Then there is his 1933 ordinary 'player'. While worst, money and records were not available for this film to show the talent and the chemistry of Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye. Unfortunately, this desperate film gets only 4.
