During the filing of this film, Mary Harron's director appears to have a clear vision of the development of Bettie Page's work, since the early days of imitation model to leave the model to return home after Senate Hearings on Juvenile Delinquency and its religious renewal in 50 years, and so it is intended to find this fact on the screen when allowed it seems missed at any time to explain anything in detail. When you think of a person who had a job Page 1 Think about that there will be a lot of talking, reasons, decisions, life events, personal injury, but Harron avoids any kind of personal investigation of that behavior. In the first fifteen minutes of the film there are short tips for child abuse, domestic abuse and gang violence, but all of these have run back and have never been described. You get the feeling that Harron and Guinevere Turner (participant-writer) wanted to reflect on anything that was not interesting and interesting. You are going to this film you'd like to get to know who is behind the posters, but all that you are given is a list of what they did and bring back some of its most popular photo stems. All in all the film really bothers you when you look, you are waiting for an extra layer to show yourself. Did she have her religion and her work? What made that little Tennessee girl move from the model and become a slave to photography. The film shows only going to another organization to strengthen and keep whatever he told, but it would certainly have included some of the shocks and conversations, this was after 50 years. Today (Page did not have any photographs of sexuality clearly) and how some of the responses they gave this kind of thing was more realistic and though this is true, she is not worthy to see evil in the eyes of others. Today we look at a little girl pretending up and she didn't think anything away, but we should have some feeling about how terrible it will be for modern listeners. This woman was the main part of the Senate hearing on the Youth Violation, but no one was actually seen as being affected. Basically I left this film thinking about how desperation was. Harron and Turner have managed to avoid anything that might be bad for the viewer. They come as two fans of Miss Page's life and have a desire to make sure that nothing, anything at all, can put a bad light on their heroine, and thus avoid any depth to explore into who he really. (Before and after his work there is a report of his violent nature and mental problems) And all that remains is a string of events that made his work, without anything behind him.
