The main objective of Big Brother, that we know what to think before we think, has been realized. What? It is a kind of miracle, or a horrible shock, that people provide jackets of mental intelligence of their own desires, isolating themselves in emerging shapes, and grin like shoes? Film, art, no more risky, but it is a complete conclusion, published for life. <br /> <br /> "Bettie bad page" is a bland case case, suitable for a new university course. Her lesson is romantic, focused and coming out: "Look at how women are opposed, abused, abused, and thrown into a garbage pot, and a man-led society." Bettie Page, claims, was "the second queen of the 1950s," asses millions of divorced men. (All viewers repeat those words, "the author of the 1950s," as a monkey's consultant.) His history as a sex bomb of America is common: South, abuse by his father, rape, etc. In this movie he is naif, the innocent does not know of the interests that serve and the benefits of shame from. Although she has trusted Jesus, she enjoys the nude spread before the lens of the camera - just a beautiful girl-close sex-slave of American men claiming to be fantasize. <br /> <br /> From the mouth of the author of the author Mary Harron himself, Oxford-educated and ex-punker (buys evil along with "hipness" like me?): "I feel that without a female vagina, I would like to do that. ... feminine means that we do nothing ideologically but I see women are getting my best movies. "What a good attraction. The movie comes only through telling the story of human life, it is the purpose and purpose of being made well and interacting well before the movie started. Mrs. Page has a partner, but we are shown next to their relationship. In fact, there is no close or deep connection to the film. One cannot ignore its simplicity. In New York, where Mrs Page attempts to enter and enjoy the world of man, allowing it to be connected to bondage and quickly tied to black leather boots and S & M boots, movies are black and white. But down in Miami, where he is going away from all, he takes his clothes with pleasure, and is photographed by a “saved” woman, the movie turns to color. <br /> <br /> If the hell Harron does not "t" make female films, "does not" do anything ideologically. " Nadology has been so internalized, so assume, so programmed, that is almost invisible. Big Brother should be exciting.
