On 26 September 1983, a 60-year-old woman who stood up for the murder of Leonie Haddad, a woman whose husband had recently died and agreed to enter the guest house who came through the authority of the elders. Haddad has not been recognized that his new guest house was, in fact, coming clean from the Patton Medical Clinic where he was tied to an impossible target of a three-year-old couple. Hadad discovered recently that something was 'decomposed in Denmark' when a woman began to tie in the bathroom with a record of the events of 'God seven'. Haddad's fears have been confirmed one night when he woke up to find his guest sitting on his chest with a bread knife announcing that "God has led me to kill you". Haddad has managed to defeat his defendant by phone but not before losing his finger and torture with deep pain for his face and chest. It was a miracle saved. The convict was convicted for sex because he had sent him, screaming and shouting, returning to the university to laugh. Ten years later he was released and realized that he was now a celebrity; but not for brutal attacks to his innocent victims, but for his 25-year-old body when he is known as' Queen of the Curve, 'Tennessee Tease' and 'Miss Pin Up World Girl' - Notorious Bettie Page. Mary Harron's director, especially known for 'Psycho American', brings us the days of the symbolic glory of the cheesecake and slavery (clarified by Gretchen Mol) who was not aware of the blue color for the iconography of the fetus and whose influence can be seen in everything. from comic books to right groups. TNBP is a day-to-day fun tour through the exhibition show of the 1950s where Page, as well as the support of the family of good-looking boys and photographers, become the number one of the most noble pocket-looking glossies. such as Wink, Tab and Parade. His true dream of the film has ended him and the striker and authority over litter charges in 1957 is an exciting event that makes him retired and devoted to God. The overall style of the film is slow and slows and lasts for his father's attentions and sexual abuse which appears to have no visible effect on it. Mol has a page as he looks at his pictures, happy, worried and fun - even a bond of slavery gives them a little more than a misunderstanding. The film ends up fighting against Page by giving joy to the Bible in the garden without a sign of real life of happiness, personal effort and respect in the murder of the murder that was before him; avoid what I think is an important basis for the story of the Page - regeneration and resurrection. After ten years of closure Page found that his worship had failed since the mid-1980s and that it was a great underground icon, where, many were asking "what happened Bettie Page". His 'strange' destruction ignited the theory of any theory of theory and add to the story of his story. At the time of the world media he finally found him had no feelings of dark past and he had been interviewing newspapers, T.V and photographs on Playboy's buttons and fun with Pamela Anderson and Anna Nicole Smith with the same shock. He found out that he was more popular than he had ever been in 'years of glory' but in this 'resurrection' this was only a matter of time before the full story would come. The only thing known about the Notorious Betest Page is that they were left out when he became really bad.
