"700 Club" should be one of the largest television programs in the history of the television itself. To make matters worse, it has been in the air since 1966, meaning that thousands if not millions of people are involved in hatred and lies. Guided by Pat Robertson, an uncomfortable founder, a militant squad and a leader of the Christian Charter, "The 700 Club" takes us away from the incomprehensible information, announcing "news" if they like to think and try to convince its audience that all the problems of the world are to blame on of homosexuals, Wiccans, a new generation of Muslims, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, Non-Christians, Muslims, Rebels, visitors, women, scholars, scholars, environmentalists, NASA scientists, and any other non-religious religious views. In fact it is the best fake news since the "Daily Show" or part of "End of the Weekend" of "Saturday Night Live," or since "FOX News," for that matter. Of course, Pat is always who makes every one of the decisions, saying anything that comes to mind and not giving someone hurt or hurt. At the same time, he keeps his part in the struggle to change the United States to become a military police country because of religious corruption holding their nose in everything they can and ask for one donation after another - not less than $ 100 to be a member's measurement, for The way - to finance Pat's diamond mines and buy oil from the state-controlled companies in the past for abuse of the environment. No, you do not remember that Pat was a good friend of the Zaire and Zimbabwean journalists to help him get the same wealth; it's all for the great glory of God, you don't know? And of course, the forces of the "700 Club" are always ready to read the letters "written by the audience" as they prefer to put it, each one is prepared with the same format as all of the same color paper and "viewers" claim to be healed by various suffering and The soldiers said (they say that "the words of knowledge" come to them) but who cannot enter the program to say what happened to them. In fact, how can anyone be shown very carefully when using poor recording? It should make people wonder why there is no studio audience. The sad thing that Pat's monitors and viewers do not recognize or do not want to realize is the bad things he did and said. This is the man who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 were the result of God to punish us for accepting homosexuality and vaginal sex. It is surprising, considering that Pat tells twice in public the implementation of nuclear weapons at the Government Department; I have little doubt that it was his property that prevented him from being arrested. His arguments against homosexuals, one mother, and any number of sexual acts see that "sin" is impressive, considering that he was known regularly the number of brothers during the Korean war. As the Bible says, having fruit and growing, so congratulations, Pat - thanks to you, there is probably a number of babies born to a single Korean mother. Then, of course, there was a time he called for the murder of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is holy, but still). Oh, yes, and let's not quickly forget this "humanitarian life" supported China's abortion. The very "Christian" of him, would you say? And just as Pat's case has forgotten, I did not remember her small statement which evangelical Christians today "are treated according to the Jews in Nazi Germany." In fact, comparing her "problem" with Holocaust fears is almost Forgiveness. Referring to that, I need to mention about how he said the lie that homosexuality spread in the middle of the Nazi party in the worst of contempt of homosexuality? Of course, history shows us that the Muslims worked in the same way as they did to the Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the most liars in history. If he was Pinocchio, his nose would surround the Earth. Unfortunately, more and more people continue to trust him every day. This is your call-up, people; "Club of 700" is one of the programs if not one of the most in the history of television. It is evil that makes itself good; is the dress of wolves. It is a great dirt that tries to look clean, beautiful, and love. It is living evidence that the view of religious extremism is not bound by certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who do not have the Christian faith know that it contradicts everything that Jesus taught, and that if Jesus appeared to this "club," he could not motivate them. Instead, he would be punishing them as did the Pharisees in his time and destroying the money of their mobile phones as he did before the synagogue in his day. All I can say is to thank God that Pat did not have the opportunity to become President; as he did, he could be the harbinger of Armageddon - and not the side of the good people.
