I don't believe there has been more bad television or air films in the United States as the Club 700. They are similar to the Ku Klux Klan of the 20th century. Their hatred for all good and sweet and human and pure is more than all of the understand. They have a daily attack on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of human beings around the world, who do not happen to share their bigoted, brutal, horrible, and totally insane human opinion is more than anything television ever had appear. Their lies spout and ignorance exists will try to pass away as a fact, as well as the concept of "life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil" is preposterous that actually seems mentally ill, so lost is in their fantasy . Few people know that religion is a medicine and should not get rid of fantasy. However, the 700 Club is located in class alone. They are actually a cult. When I believe in freedom of speech, their ways spread hatred, lies, ignorance, and such strange ideas are beyond all limits. I hope one day the American Mind Association will finally take a survey of those people who refrain themselves in this way, people who then themselves sink so deeply into the country's religious dream they have no longer any real concept of reality. Treatment for people who have a much needed organization in this country, as many people have lost their attention to the fantasy of religion. 700 Club though, it is even more frightening as it is a growing legal definition of 'cult' but due to a wealth of 700 big clubs (conned a day from millions of Americans locked into their trap they have been in fraud) is on the law in this country. For those who have seen the movie "Matrix" you know that the movie is an example for religion in the world: the evil ones who are on every religion whose moisture is trapped and cruelly abused by them and the purposes of selfishness, and those millions who have been sleeping in death and a gradual reduction in their life force represents those many religious people who have lost all the ability to know what is going on around them. <br /> <br /> In low civil times, the beautiful flork of cities would have driven monsters like those linked to the Club out of town and lighting with tar. But in today's world where people have lost all the choice in their television elections that have been presented to them, we have no way out of the club's 700 clubs. <br /> <br /> TV ratings system and "V" chip on TV should also have a rating called "R" for religion, so that the wise people and concerned parents would have a screen as rude intellectual and brutal rape rape, as presented by the Club of 700 every day across the country, from themselves to their children.
