Years have passed since Don Wilson used his military skills to take a planned robot to destroy him, also married to a blonde author (Stacie Foster) who led rebellion in the first film, now a new plot is located in the work, which involves droids of the same look. Our two heroes, and the organization expects to dominate the world (No plot to turn any of this on) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual replay of the first movie. I agree that I have bought a DVD from a business master that was made by PM, PM was a company known in cheap flicks (like this) that had tons of bombs, a small story and nothing but one stated the planned action. Some of these names have been (enjoyable) enjoyable (End of Person Standing and The Sweeper) however Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is stuck and made by Don Wilson under charisma. While comparing characters of the same effort efforts Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are members of Oscar compared to Don Wilson. Another sign of this is that this was led by Richard Pepin who has nothing to wonder Joseph Merhi seems to have an operating system that you feel more expensive than their budget. Then again though C. Thomas and Wincott may be more expensive to get. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is beaten to the capitol R, there are many steals from the best movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier even Halloween III!) That is almost like Richard Pepin tries to erase the sense of identity for footwear still without mental thought or at least a zip without a mind of great action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is located flat. There is any unintelligible idea from the best film and healings. The only deficit comes from Tony Burton who is a mile better than the equipment. Also Stacie Foster looks like he could have the most beautiful material. However Cyber ​​Tracker 2 comes exactly like the noise of the noise, bland and absence of people like its leading man, however without the real balance of martial arts going back, all of it, it's many less cars and that alone is not an alternative the bankruptcy of the desires described here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 out of 4 (Poor)
