The murdered character of John Amos was killed. He was an important part of the structure of information. You had the story of the inner family of the city struggling to make the best way to know how. They were poor, they were black, and they were living evidence that if you have Jesus and your family that nothing is too hard. Surely James would lose his job and JJ would fail at school but the family always managed to find a way. James was a strong example of a man who earned income and punished children. Florida was a strong woman that everyone would include James when he needed a right shoulder or beg to do so. The children had the attributes and inputs that made them important as a family unit. Their Willona neighbor was also an important factor because he is not just a friend but other lovers enough to be a family. Things were bright, beautiful, beautiful, and honest until they changed the program period. James dies and JJ took the show. Flo was still a mother, Thelma had spread that woman and Michael was still a military midget but JJ was a show. We were expected to believe that a family without a father or a winner of a popular food could stay in the house. I think paying for James did not do much for the family. They were only threatened to evict because they said they were moving and not because no one was working at home. I know that JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael finally got a job but come here to be real. James did a lot of work so that you could feel him but others were not quite real and that's a shame. <br /> <br /> JJ was a comic aid but I felt that the show requires a substance. It is good to be funny but they had the opportunity to show the true family and what it took to live in the real world and expelled all of them for a few. Michael's behavior almost disappeared while all others were beaten on the JJ Evan show. I mean, in fact there was a man who had failed at school, he continued to avoid, and he built for money in two pieces. James had been there to encourage his talent but Flo and the rest of the family were not worried. Why do you take a long time to understand that the painting is what to do? He could sell painting on the road or work for people who print magazines and cards. (He did but something caused by it.) Why didn't he do so and why did others stop on their dreams? I'll tell you why, it's because they didn't have a father in their life to deal with them and thank them and their mother had left them to support their dreams. The show stood up to teach us about growing, building and learning and starting to teach us about gay and words. They should stop James. If any show requires a father it was one.
