Okay ... it looks like right now, the Barman fans just have commented on this film period for counterpoint. Beware, this writing is * LONG *. For those who do not know (especially the Belgians): Tom Barman, the director of this film, is the dEUS director, one of the most well known American rock bands in Belgium. Basically, they created a lot of artistic and innovative albums and a rapid increase in reputation on national level. Then, egos started to hurt and the band dropped, and Barman and others left to make the album under DEUS-monicker. The way that occurs frequently in this case, dEUS after a long break was a tamer and more impressive than the original. They tried to go to international success with their album "The Crash Ideal" in 1999, presenting a very large form of their original song. They didn't do it at all. However, egos were still very large: great enough for Barman to take himself enough of the artist to try on the film. It is not often this kind of thing is very serious, and this film does not make discrimination. And Barman clearly exposed to art * on this, another very serious mistake. For one thing, he is a musician, not a film director. For another, DEUS makes good music and stimulating, but nothing is close to what I watch * art *. Shows. What is this film? Basically, it describes the story of a group of people who are not quite interested, doing things that are not particularly interesting during the very exciting day of Antwerp, as the most unpleasant things that happen to them in the act of being unworthy. The characters are insufficient, the plot is insignificant and the film does not have any other features of redemption that occur in these limitations. Humor? The entire film has made me a smile (slightly) three times, and really managed to spark 5-second laughter (not loud voice). Mood? The film doesn't seem to show any kind of feeling or feeling even. Not? Yes, (* MINOR SPOILER *) the idea of ​​"wind man", which promoted the name of the film, is amazing as a pizza of pepper - not too much, and has been done a thousand times before (anyone remember Johny Destiny - one of the worst shows Tarantino on the film so far (* END MINOR SPOILER *). And well, his skills, so do not expect any kind of real action to do for each previous. In other words, except for a few smiles, it struck me out of my shorts. <br /> <br /> Why? In fact, the sound of the sound is good, although it faces some of the other problems that the other OST has recently shown: first, it makes movies like something more commercial than CD. Second, it gives the impression that Barman is trying to hide weaknesses and lack of emotional content in the film behind the quality of the content of the songs, which do not work. Finally, it makes the film look like something more than a model for songs. And sadly, Barmans are a voice of a sound that is very hard, though it is the weakest part of the sound of sound as I am concerned. All in all, it just stands to show that Barman knows more about music than movies. The function of the camera is also the same, although it is not anything that can make you cry out joyfully. The only thing about this movie that has kept me is a visual feature. Since I came from Antwerp, it was fun to play a kind of "guess-of-area" game. I would like to think of this as quality though. All, another chance lost to Flemmish film. I continue to realize that recently, the best Belgian films have been coming from the French part of the country. This especially because at least, they have something to tell and manage to tell them in a way that is bright and emotional (Sister Daerden comes to mind). Perhaps Flemmish filmmakers should try too.
