What we are here is the most common case of patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country and very little (almost no, even movie history). Whenever someone comes with a more intense film project? The most common dramas on the family are struggling to fight or long film slapstick of local comedians? everyone considers himself obliged to love it and even be responsible for propagating good technologies at the borders of the country. This is especially the case when the author / director of this film is already a national lover, because he is the founder and singer of the famous rock port. "Any Way The Wind Takes" is not available for bad films, but it is more obvious (if possible even within the boundaries of a small country) and does not have the original or original original offer. This is a Flemish version of standard movies such as "Short Settings" and "Magnolia" and shows a mosaic of characters whose daily life seems to be unrelated but eventually gathers at the end. The only thing that seems to connect the first characters first is Antwerp, where both live and work, but gradually the deep connection between them becomes clear and close to the cluster they collect for the party. The main problem with "Any Way Winds", at least according to your truth, has a lie with the characters. In fact it's random, unavailable and honestly do not have any experience that can be taken out of the ordinary. It is possible that the author / director Tom Barman is interested in mentioning the average population of Antwerp but then, in a serious, what is it? One of the characters is dismissed from his film film work, another is a winning scientist and a marriage crisis, two brothers recently lost their father and "more" than one of them followed by the wind wherever he went. There are more frequent characters walking through the screens, but it mentions worth mentioning. These people only appear on an unusual topic (like 80 years of life, dates and shapes of each other) and philosophy about things no one cares about. Some of the talks lead to small sores, especially the interaction between two twenty men from Ghen, but there is still nothing strange or even memorable. This film works best as a tourist video to promote the city of Antwerp and as an enlarged and mixed music document. There are many pictures of Stylish & Nifty's Antwerp pictures and there is always a good music play, if it's a loud or low voice. Typically "All Way Wind Wind" is an effective and highly effective effort, but it is also common and interesting, and I wonder how many of its fans even would have trouble checking if it was not Flemish production.
