I am very close to walking out, but I would like to pay my money, and my close-as-broken friend wanted to hold. After the innocence of the "New Hope" and the amazing modernization of the "Dollar facing," I remember waiting for the "Return to Jedi" in anticipation. But because of the opening area of ​​the sewage of shameful business, I was very disappointed, and I was very angry with Lucas. He should be ashamed of himself, but this disgusting thing certainly proves that they have no small particles of shame in his cold, greedy heart. The time I would continue to strengthen this fact - your respect, I will call Jarjar Binks (but please open the barf bags to the first delegates) \ t The two-plus-hour business for many licensed profits, such as Lucas can enter into it - guards such as pigs, hokey-pigtailed flunky meat, that bad pappet-pet of Jabba, new and published data for cabaret, creation, etc., etc. advertising ads. Then there was an interesting and valuable Ewoks. Dial on that all visitors of the rebel party. Fifteen seconds (or less) and GOTTA kids only have one of their collection. Lucas, financial abuse of children is despair. <br /> <br /> Lucas had no trouble even coming up with a new plot - just drove Star Star from "New Hope" and was hit in the boatload of a cheap impression. It's a horrible mistake in the face of his fans. I can't shake the idea that Lucas took the pleasure of losing his fans: "I have had these lemmings been so badly worn that I can get rid of the worst, the garbage that I could have come up with, and they will come to the basketball show. torture their parents until they buy a full brats collection of statistics on each caricature that have not been altered, which I have entered, and I get a ward from each other. It will make me even more rich. redemption in this sad loss. I found to remember that Harrison Ford was able to keep his nose on the face of this cesspool. But the little bit of bright advertising can be greatly corrupted by the refusal business which Lucas strongly acknowledged in this total exports for profit.
