WARNING: TRAINING IN THE MILIA MATERIAL <br /> A few years ago I was able to see the first five films in this franchise, and had plans to make an overview of all the series of Elm St. However, only two years I see I can't remember enough about them to do that? I think they couldn't have a lot of emotions. From what I remember, some sequels? Fantasy Warriors exactly? they were not as bad as they are often given, although even nature was not normal. In general, predictions of the premise (if people have been killed have been killed in their dreams) have not emerged from the tension of the story. But when I can't remember a lot of the first five films, I know they never had a decline in the depth of Freddy's dead. The fact that the film was only raised on losing character. The fact that the conclusion of the film is not hidden, but in fact the whole purpose of the film is going to describe how this open, unfamiliar project was. <br /> <br /> Take the idea of ​​a moral concern of having a molester child like a charismatic villain, Robert Englund in-no-way-awesome translation booms and laughter. I always think Freddy's excitement of youth victims was less than the target of the participants than the young audience who could look at this. It's like Englund crying, "We know this is garbage? But do you pay to see it, so who is laughing?" And I'm sure the victims of child abuse will be disappointed to see the improper sign of their distress. Was the appearance of Freddy in the film was always destructive? All he does here is a few "haaaaaaaaaaaaarr" har har har "and that's yes. If this is the only Elm St film you can see you can't know that character. Such as the pre-death character in the flashback Englund pretends to be boo-hers pantomime villain and the slop of the Transatlantic (ie overstated, misplaced and not to all the funny) irony <br /> <br /> Acting is almost the world's poor. See how often Breckin Meyer handles hand signals and body language. Kananga alone, Yaphet Kotto, continues to honor her. And when Roseanne, Tom Arnold and Alice Cooper show, you can almost see the film playing more in the mud. Script, too, is quite lousy, almost completely without reputation. Carlos (Ricky Dean Logan) opens a road map, which Noel Coward-like Freddy wrote in writing "you're f ** ked". When you are taken to the map, Carlos responds "a good map says we have f ** ked". Who wrote the screenplay, Oscar Wilde? Or what about the area where Carlos is suffering by Freddy, his hearing has been enhanced by pain levels? So Freddy tries to threaten to stop the pin? a bad voice, because all sounds have been raised. Then, the fact that Carlos is shouting over his voice by stopping it does not seem to have any effect. "Good hearing from you, Carlos", says Freddy, hoping some of the best lines come together. It is also important to note that the dream of sleep does not happen at the same time, since that knocked consciousness can not allow instant access to Freddy's world. Although as part of the story has a human computer game and the logic of 3-D is not high on the list of needs. Teenagers who are being beaten during this time are very real, the group that is not recommended in the entire series. Tracy (Lezlie Deane) is the only one who gets greeting Freddy and "f f ** k up, man" and kick in scallops. And was it an infinite pop music not always a part of the links? Freddy's dead. No laugh. There is no guilt. No interest. No fun. <br /> <br />
