True, they do not, but indeed they did when they tried to think of the unity line that defines in detail how to enter this in a realistic series. There was a time that they could be good, but they are further reduced by their conversion in lost opportunities, and don't let me start on evil. The lost use is visible, but I will give it back here if someone cares. Anyone who has not seen a film and actually gives toss will be advised to stop reading at this time. First, and most likely, lost space, was a plot with Freddy's son lost for a long time. Now, extreme mental illness that Freddy appears to suffer (and I can quickly add that less than one percent of mental illness is a threat to other people, leaving alone at this level) is HEREDITARY, why not a secret slasher where Lisa's behavior is Zane's dream of Freddy kill young people, only we later discover it really he will do all the killings? Sounds like a conspiracy idea to you? Obviously it was on the heads of Talalay and De Luca. Then there is a Springfield journey, where all young people have been abolished, and the remaining adults get a lot of psychosis. Happily, he said the psychosis of the mass was actually shown in a real and convincing way, though this has the right to do and the fact that we do not show too much. We are only given quick tips based on the great loss of relationships and reality that come from the sadness of every young man in the city to die because of more understanding and control of someone. An important problem with this feature, however, is that the city has been rejected very quickly, and without a real response. This collection of events would have been a minute of minute and ten minutes to say ... one ordinary citizen describing these visitors to why Springfield looks like a terrible show. Of course, horrible films are not recognized for their behavior development, unless it is a form of awesome film John Carpenter used to target, but how we should care especially when the characters we know without something about to die? At least Wes Craven took time to establish its characters in nature, and used a few simple techniques to draw listeners. That, in short, is probably the biggest problem with the Freddy's dead: not just all of them, leave alone with diligence. <br /> <br /> In the related details, I feel sympathetic to Robert Englund, now that it is more or less than a relationship with Freddy's behavior. He has played the best actors in the best production (eg false science services "V", for example), and to be an eternal memory as a "person who played Freddy" tells him instead. It seems he never broke the mold of horror movies now. On the other hand, well, I think their presentations here say themselves. They deserved to be forever as well as props over B-grade horror. Even Yaphet Kotto cannot avoid this cut, because his character is one of the little text in the history of B. <br /> <br /> For all, Freddy's death finds 1 out of me. I would like to vote, but IMDb will not allow. FD is actually a teaching of how the author could not use the concept to the full extent can damage not only the film, but the whole franchise.
