I read Tom Robbins' EVEN COWGIRLS Get BLUES as a boy. I liked any word. It was beautiful, beautiful, and full of beautiful landscapes and beautiful text. But when I saw the movie, I couldn't believe what was a bad piece, a few, unhappy. How did this happen? I think someone in Hollywood reads this book and opened it under "GAY PRIDE - WOMEN - LESBIANS." (That is the head of the Library of Congress.) Now anyone more than 12 who reads the book will know that it does not do with the true scholars, more than the STAR war is about the actual transport of space. The book was clear - and I really mean - it was written by a male man who likes IDEA's elite (during nude, all the time) but has never met one. However, someone in Hollywood said, "uh oh, the best offer this to Gay's director or Gay People will make trouble." So they threw the Van Van Sant. There is nothing against the person, but - however Gay can be true - we have no clue about how to make a beautiful film. Gus Van Sant took a fantasy of direct play of a girl / girl with a male voyeurism turned into a beautiful poster of Lesbian Power Recruiting. It's like turning the comedy of Oscar Wilde into Arthur Miller's tragedy. It's not pretty. The main way in which Van Van Sant did not have any idea to do with the source material is cast for fraud. Its foundation has allowed him to hire better. His lack of a real novel of the novel (fantasy of a single person, not a homosexual pride) made him make a choice that is not just bad, but wonderful. Let us be found and cast to COWGIRLS IN GET VIDEO. <br /> <br /> PAT MORITA as "CHINK" OK, there are a few players to identify the Asian name. And Pat Morita, in HAPPY DAYS, was funny funny. But throwing it as CHINK was correct, not right, not right. Pat Morita does not know that Chink is a very good person. (Gus did not tell him.) Pat also doesn't seem to know that Chink is. . . well, SEXY !!! In the book he is not wise old Mr. Miyagi. He is like Hugh Hefner! He is an old randy goat and knows the LOT about the nubile pleasing and responsive to Sissy and Bonanza Jellybean. (You see, in the book, not the real experts. Do you find that this is a fantasy of a real person yet?) <br /> <br /> JOHN HURT as "COUNTESS." Okay, he is a sexual friend. But he is SERIOUS, SHAKESPEAREAN ACTOR !!!! You need a happy person, and a camp, for this role. With John Hurt healed as a guy guy like Countess is offended and sad. I continued to expect Paul Scofield to walk in all dressed like Thomas More, and sadly pushing his head. "Now, Richard, you know you've lost your very soul. In shame, my old student!" And yes, John Hurt was funny (and good gay) like Caligula. But that was the humor of the BLACK, not to dampen with bright humor as a book. <br /> <br /> PINDA PHOENIX as "Bonanza Jellybean." No talent, no training, no problem. Except that in the Bonanza book is funny, playful, fun, (especially) sex, and love. In the movie he is sad, passive, expressionless, and light. As for its taste for women, Robbins in the book sets like this. "God knows I love women, but nothing can take the place of a suitable person." Uh, Gus? What? Have you read this book? It is a THURMAN like "Sissy Hankshaw." This is a difficult task. In the book Sissy is actually a odd heroine and worried. However, the most accomplished actor can make his eye on his eye, or walk in his walk, mentioning the secret power or secret secret of his adventures. If it doesn't get tired, maybe because Gus didn't tell his Sissy he should be happy to be an interesting and good body and the big toes. If it plays more like he is in a TV movie about a young girl with leukemia. <br /> <br /> This movie is gray and inappropriate. And I charge them, Gus Van Sant!
