* It may have traders * a few weeks after I had previously written my comments to the Hood of Living Dead I realized that I would be very difficult on this movie. Why I decided to do something that I had never done before. Check the same movie again. Do not do wrong, I still do not like the movie, I still think it's dreck, and still think zombies do not get all the zombie-ish. Myths in the movie are still my opinion, weak and rather lame. The story is about a player named Rick, who works as a scientist (which only happens to work on a serum that cures sick cells, in animals) and his brother Germaine, this is not the most accurate of my words (my, the original stage of the plot). ) and say a lot. One day Germaine was shot by a shot, and Rick called her friend a scientist to bring serum to try again Germaine (where many people could be called 911, but nothing), usually serum fails and Germaine "dies" "(if that didn't happen there was no film) , after the police and the coroner (until the end of time I will think that maybe the pastors should be shown) leave the scene depicting the coroner (which I still believe was the only car was a person with a "coroner" decal cast side), and Germaine to return to life attack and kill assistants I would like to talk more about the plot, but I feel that if I declare more information about the story you don't want to look at it (and we don't like that we could now?), but it's enough to say that the story (in my opinion at least) meanders and it's slow moving (pun not As I said earlier in my review zombies don't seem like zombies, I still think they seem like they have been in the war bar. That is not to say that all should decay and what, but there must still be a mark of bite for the victims. Also I do not like the fact that the director (s) will always change the speed at which zombies migrate. They could not be seen to decide whether or not to have a run zombies or an attack (if many zombie movies do), don't do me wrong, I all for the zombies running but to create your mind people. In one area the zombie runs towards living, and on the other hand he just strikes. And sometimes they don't seem to be honest (yes I know their falsehood but still), I am actually referring to a zombie that runs his hand on a wall like that he was walking through the dark room, and I still don 'like a zombie who is lying down , he is shot, then he tries if he was just beaten. Sounds in the movie also bothered me, especially the music, which though it could be just my copy of the film seemed pretty much missing. Music in the movie is important people. Especially when the sound editing sounds like the only director took friends camcorder and shot flick a little zombie. Acting is still angry (in my opinion) and resembles the "actors" of the US from the Japanese junk junk. The movie is still bad, almost the Dead House is bad, it is better, of course about it, but again that you don't say much. It's not the worst movie out there, and it's better than directly on outdoor video movies but the end of the day is not good. Also I think the movie goes really fast, despite the fact that it is only one hour and one minute (and yes, I still don't like the opening song). This is the kind of movie I think it's good to be inserted into Sci-Fi network. It's why I am obliged to provide this debacle of one of ten films. But think in this way, at least not negative.
