This was undoubtedly the worst thing I have ever spent. I feel dirty to admit that I used this 'movie' and paid money to see it. This does not even have the garbage rate. No. This is the juice that gathers under industrial dumpsters located in the suburbs especially after an unusual summer. In order to call it garbage will lose garbage everywhere. It was so bad I heard I needed to register on the IMD and warn my partner. This luvahire character claims that this film is good. One can question his understanding of the truth. Let's take some of his views and analyze it. <br /> <br /> "Riza who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a very good job." <br /> <br /> I see. In fact, if the director has always been his audience clapping and beat every sentence that is used by Ricky or by a diminished laughter when most directors want more answers from their audience, yes; Ricky did a good job. "I am an actor who likes to take a sports room in school and I had to make a play where I had to cry and it was not easy to have a sense in the area that I give talent to practitioners who should make an emotional scene and can remove it." Wow. I also must give the talent to actors who can pull emotional scenes. Luvahire, you may want to look at another line of work in buddy if you think these chuckleheads have picked up. However, they can help you if you need to do the right exercise. Just watch the movie. ha. ha. ha. "ONA SEQUEL" <br /> <br /> If I was your sports teacher at school I would like to fail in this regard only. <br /> <br /> I am also desperate to continue. Now I will turn the movie to my friend, Mr. Bangla. <br /> <br /> Howdy! If you have continued to read this far, I think you have already seen the film, and now you are looking for one thing between two words: 1) The extra vitriety of the vitriolic of what you accept is a small poor movie. 2) An additional debasement of vitriolic of what you feel is a good cinematic effort that needs to defend against such libelous soil as myself. If you want help to explain your dirt or shooting for stimulating restructuring, if I say anything good will only encourage you - then I would assure you, there is a little chance of such a desire. Other negative comments here on IMD have written some shortcomings of the film (eg acting, voice, lead, discussion, editing, etc.), however, all these errors can easily be forgiven, and for themselves. Few people will make a movie called "The Hood of the Living Dead" if they need these things to be high. The ultimate failure to "hood", however, is his failure to give many promises to his name. "The Hood of the Dead" live on a large shelf in the video store and its single output and the creation of gruesomely kills. Here was the opportunity to combine the cheesy gore of the zombie movie with the originality of life in the ghetto, that gangsta-thug bombin bombin 'on the life of innocent while rockin' do-rags, have undead Drivin 'pimps on all-too -mortal-lice in their external planting. The combination of the two types can be hilarious. Instead, movies are like watching middle school children giving a line to the play they do, but they don't understand. To avoid a sense of betrayal for part of their video-viewers, I ask that Quiroz brothers reopen the film and the new headline: "Hood of Dead Living: Video-made video at home we shot camcorder with other friends over the weekend at the end at the end because we were exhausted ”. Or maybe they can open it as a document. "The Creation of the Dead Day: The observation of how a small movie budget can still be without the idea of ​​a clever or original idea in spite of a lack of connection with a great motion picture." The owner who has the interest that has never been canceled, should get the following follow-up video video: "Quiroz men have once again shown that you look at the things you can easily do not. Very interesting." - Mr. Bangla
