At the director of Sooraj Barjatya of Vivah, 20-year-old Delhi Shahid Kapur finds himself being pardoned, a young girl of the city whose father has chosen to marry. Appearing innocence and humility, Shahid agrees with marriage shortly after meeting him at his home in Madhupur, and a young woman who asks the question Amrita Rao looks similar to her good winner. Marriage is set for six months later, and couples find themselves in the first love of the love, the budding, and their geographical distance however. But Amrita, who was born with her uncle and aunt after the death of her parents, is beaten with a very serious accident several hours before marriage. So it is for Shahid to ask a respectable partner and agree with him. In the same line as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, a new film of Barjatya Vivah is also on one family and idealistic very much. But sadly, the new film's plot comes from a non-temporal view, even more than those of Ekta Kapoor's soap. And the trouble is clear? you can not only associate with clean-clean characters who do not have one bad bone in their bodies. There are many things that are used to resist Indian films, and time is one important thing. Twenty-five years ago, maybe Vivah's plot may not have felt like such a stretch, but today it just appears as a minded product is stuck in time of war. Perhaps the grace of saving the film is the fact that it promotes trust from the beginning to the end, you can do this once you are interested in the film is not cheat. Considering all the previous films of Barjatya and by observing this new attention you can be sure that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, believes in its good characters like gold, believes that large families can live together happily under one roof without a single But, he can't interpret his vision on the screen. Is it hard to see how his fighters appear? Shahid and Amrita, both good and few? I mean, think about it, the first time they hold hands at an hour and twenty minutes on the film. Barjatya may think that he returns to her roots of Maine Pyar Kiya and Vivah, but the fact is that the reason we accepted Salman and Bhagyashree in the film, or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun is because they had such a wonderful chemistry. Because although they were created out of the same mold as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, both of them were evil and masters. Shahid and Amrita are lazy and negligent. For a film that is very dependent on the narrative of his story, a filmmaker selects a 70s sound string that slows down the film speed. But if I chose just one reason to explain why Vivah doesn't work for me, it's because I don't know I can relate to any characters living in Barjatya's story. For some, perhaps, Vivah will give hope, that the perfect world like this is actually out there somewhere. But I have a little pride I think. So, give me a stamp of Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me a Salman of Maine Pyar Kiya sharp, I'll take even Karisma Kapoor of Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from these. You know, some marriages are not made in heaven. Vivah this!
