If this document was not made by the famous French director, Louis Malle, I would probably have changed after the first 15 minutes, as it was a very strange look at the average Midwestern American town in 1979. This is not exactly my idea of ​​a fun topic. films are similar to a collection of home movies. Considering I didn't know any of these people, it was even less interesting. Because it was a small piece of wind life style, I wondered when I watched what the message they tried to present? It was probably that the morals were not conservative as you can imagine - this was a basic message through multiple vignettes (such as Republican republics whose son was a drafting and a man and woman who thought sex outside marriage was very good). Or, perhaps the point was that there was a large lot of the city's good housing - as a number of evil ideas such as the Jewish accusations for financial conspiracy, anti-Black quarrel and homophobia were all investigated briefly. The 1979 little town was done in depth with the improper world shown, but when the film makers returned six years later, President Reagan's feelings of gratitude witnessed. This was looked very much for several reasons. First, the part of 1979 was almost 90% of the film and only 10% only had a few interviews of people who claimed the president for almost everything but acne. How about other people in this city? What? Did they all see Reagan as evil or that their lives were worse? With just a few updates, it seemed suspicious. Secondly, it is true that the national debt has doubled in the intervention period, so also national products. And, while Malle shows in 1979 as a period of optimism, it was far from it, as the period 1974-1980 was severe (gas, sugar, etc.), strike, inflation and general malaise. When I was not a big fan of Reagan because the growth of the government did not decrease during his reign, the country, in general, was more optimistic than it was in the years of Ford and Carter. Most of the media made Reagan (a popular game in the 80's), the economy has been significantly improved and the document is seen directly by the agenda driven. If the document was given a full coverage of 1985 and it was not found to be unreliable (after all, everyone did not have their lives to be worse - this is not a common meaning), then I could think otherwise. <Br /> <br /> In general, it is not an extraordinary document that announced that - from a red film in 1979 to a very high look in 1985. <br /> <br /> Way, it's just me , or does this film seem to have been inspired, at least in part, with this film? Both are placed in similar communities, but the last film was hilarious mockumentary without all the great undertones.
