This worst ending for Koen Wauters's work watched you through the 'Bad Badte Night'. Looking at the report of the comment was not the first and not necessarily the last person in Western Europe to learn that this singer (of course is one of the best on our modern page, even the Holidays agree with that) tried to become a fan. If he had to do a test or I cannot be judged. He / she is very interested, but he seems to be concerned with the flick which he is involved. No one can blame him. It deserves his position in the Hall of Fame of Verheyen by all means and standards. Maniac's Death Killing Story Who likes to be dead in an accident but has lived with anger has been told several times before, and even without the initial failure the director can give more stories of stories through creative and cinematic scenarios. /> <br /> The content of IC itself and hospital hospitals and several middle class homes. The step is lighter. The tension reduces the final stages of his loyalty to the color symbols, for each of the appearance of the killer is offered by the horrible songs, followed by an orchestral explosion at the time of the murder, which is widely proposed and in any case as blood as a small budget may make them. The sex area is freeous but not the most appealing. Couples from Amsterdamned could do the job, though. When dealing with the issue of couples: a small part of the Wauters and the girl does not work. The most effective emotional relationship has been introduced on the screen if they were just victims-that, which give their nerves through sex. I will not give other members of the cast the honor to be mentioned, for they should be broken into small pieces of grease. In fact, many of them do. Yes I remember where it is obvious to a kind: a good nurse and two cops. So, in the slasher, the riders come only when they need rescue itself. Hero (anti-) hero needs to take the villain, especially through clever thinking, for the red red berets are not often getting parts in these films; they can overcome the deception of the absence of the killer. Translated by events, Wauters kill the doctor and saves the dame in distress. <br /> <br /> No people, I've never finished. This is not how the story continues. Wauters makes its heroic attempt but gets beaten with anger that is approaching "Orange Clockwork", so it is for the girl to take the act of killing young and blowing through the minds of doctors. Although this method ensures the death of the killer more than a normal shot of 9mm, the doctor continues to live to enable the IC to reach the 80-minute mark. <br /> <br /> I had to be sure now. A comprehensive service is a bad movie, which can be appreciated by Bad Taste lovers, who can prove interesting details of Verheyen and make themselves and that way try to stay. For example, the value (unwanted) of the skill of the clown mask of the doctor (Halloween) and the final struggle in the park (expelling at the end of Friday 13th). However, I would like to finish by providing an overview of the small measurements that give IC credit a little. George Kennedy is not one of them. All he has to do is to tolerate a monologue of horror and his colleague / French player and watch the fear when they let him go down to the fire to use his great name on the stand. He would play his part of the Gun Gun again, ending up like beef, but long-term screens. Finally you can be one of them. I have never seen the caution that brought it down by talking about fireworks in its guts to defeat him against a simple fence. It's good to laugh. One good name says the truth about Great Care… Koen Wauters learned his lesson and devoted to his music career. It makes me wonder how many Paris-Dakar versions should deal with before coming up with his mind. <br /> <br />
