The premise and the lesson on making the crime identify the victims of Jesus had a way and capturing his captive family voice promising and interesting. But this is the only interesting place that was also done 20 years ago by the finesse completely by the director Ravi Tandon in his film "Jawab" (1985) also. The problem here is Ace Rajkumar Santoshi's Director found himself in a mix of kind to make it exciting fast (viz. Khakee) or a great responsibility role (Viz. Damini) and this combination is obvious in the final result. For two-pukar (2000) and Lajja (2001), this brilliant director gave us films very interesting and high value of the entertainment. So this film comes as a surprise, why what made the good director of the script goes to the praise of half baking for all its characters- Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman. If the film is getting more, the audience did not know who hate it and who to sympathize with this reason is the biggest obstacle in full story. So what to start as a war between a common man and hell don last on as a trange note of self-awareness regrets and Don about the error and his own family. The son of Don as a real baddie does not come as an element of surprise at the peak which compared with such a situation in 'Khakee' worked effectively with Aishwarya's behavior. That's not all, there's more. The life of Underworld Don, who works out of the country seems to be completely unknown. His direct entry into Mumbai from where he thinks to run and run after his enemies and beat himself will not seem trustworthy. If the drawing opposite Mr. Bachchan is no longer a good idea, but even the film has more points. Ashok Mehta's good-working camera, a good series of fighting (Abbas Ali Moughal coordinator), some good events of Akshay Kumar in Ist half, Santoshi fast-paced slick treatment and of course Mr. Bachchan as usual try hard to put some life in Her behavior was silent. But all these put together does not this exciting experience fo fo you and your family!
