Watching again soon, I was encouraged to follow the way they tried to make the book on the screen, even though a strict budget and hammy executives said the inevitable failure. For any measure that was a tragedy, but I found it easy to imagine how good Lord of the Rings film could be if someone would do one seriously - and with money using many talented artists and script writers. Unfortunately, thanks to Jackson, which will not be possible for a long time. Looking at this film left me with a feeling that for any type of budget completely, then this story could not be closed up. The dream offers many opportunities to make an interesting film. There was a lot of time in this film that could be more interesting than the way Peter Jackson did, although of course you should use your ideas from poor implementation. The way they tried to show the world of wraith from the view of Frodo for example. Or the way Galadriel showed Sam happened in another home. Another thing I was very grateful for in this edition - during silence. There was a time when talks were spoken without the back music against the back tone. Compare it to the great swooping cameras of Jackson's films, with an intrusive feature that was designed to emphasize how each area and location was the most attractive and dynamic area we ever saw. Jackson's films were full of their own importance, this was lighter and more common. <br /> <br /> Jackson and co co hit this for more than US $ 270 million dollars for production costs, at least 90 million dollars for marketing, major tax breaks from the NZ government, and also gained savings from NZ films are not US. However, despite the claim of sale, the intention to be honest was not there. This is well shown. Philippa Boyens said much in an interview, when he said deliberately did not read the books before writing the script. Jackson also said that previously they were interested in making a fantasy film "beside the" master of the ring, and that one he wanted to do is the Return of King, because it had many battles but no development of character. <br /> On the other hand, this film tried to be more realistic. Of course many things were wrong, acting was so bad and very good everything was, and the speed was very fast. Usually they cut a lot, and replaced other scenes, and therefore deserve credit. When Jackson added many things that did not make the purpose of the conspiracy, Bakshi cut off the events of the book that he had nothing to develop the plot. There is a similarity between the films of Jackson and Bakshi films close to the beginning - for they all come from the original books in the same way - although some of these may be unfortunate. <br /> <br /> This was not a good film, but likely it was. Bakshi said in an interview with a club onion AV that only animation can make a master of ring rights. His version did not work, but could be the same.
