I haven't seen this film for a while, so I'm afraid that I can't be very special about the details ... It had some interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempt in the effectiveness of the Catholic's J.R.R Tolkien animation was a very bright project, and so desperate for the fact that you lost some time during production. So, not only does it suddenly stop somewhere in the middle of the second trilogy book (with the type of shadow of the sequel feeling that has never been made), the film itself appears below the finish. It seems that some of the characters were animated while others were movies, but if it's deliberately difficult to say. The whole thing seems to be planned and destroyed, especially Orcs and Nazgul. Another problem, of course, is a great gap in the plot. Bakshi was running to finish the film, and somehow had the hope of hitting a book with half more than two hours (the new trilogy of Peter Jackson makes it twice.) The most important parts were out (and not just for Tom Bombadil, which, I think, was good in the book but it would look silly in the movie.) And of course, the end, which suddenly abruptly and out of place. I don't even know if Bakshi had previously wanted to finish the film there, or if he had any idea that he was going to complete. <br /> <br /> Anime ... well, many of them were the same. Hobbits do not appear bad (except for Sam's gay. Did you know that the manufacturers of the new trilogy first wanted to make Sam woman so there would be a woman's attitude of leadership?) If you're a fanatic Tolkien (like me), check out this film (though I don't know too What are the special features that the DVD version has, however?) But know in advance that you will not look at the actual 'Lord of Rings' Movie but not more than historical curiosity, which may seem no better than the 60th edition would and Beatles continued with their plan (I really think the LOTR of the psychedelic would have been quite cool. It was the idea it was to beat George as Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you didn't read a book or did not like much or did not like animation or do not want to see the completed semi ... semi-off.
