I saw this movie during the Tolkien-themed Team during the sophomore year of the university. I accidentally sat next to the screen and my professor chose me to be a beat-everyone who was laughing, but they were not in the constant eyes. Let's go out of the way: Peter Jackson's film 's film film is suitable for Bakshi film. In Jackson's Gonga Cooperative, for example, the Black Warriors attacking the empty and empty beds are almost full of carbon dioxide in Bakshi film, shooting. You can call this or praise him, according to your agenda. I am sure the identical did not stop there. I don't want to do any research to know what they are, because it would mean having all the respect for this film. I am sure some have described identical-looking around. <br /> <br /> This movie is completing the train for each model, and many, many people died in an accident. I have decided to write what I can remember in a more or less fashionable way - If I have left anything else that is interesting to me because I am so frustrated, with a wealth of failure (and, above, mediocrity) of rotoscoping, Gandalf hayu again a gentle magician, wise but an evil evil prophet (whose hat does not change color once or twice during the film). Saruman White is sometimes called 'Aruman' during the film, without clarification. She is wearing purple and red for some reason to hide. <br /> * Sam is flat out of hideous. The manifestation of his friendship with Frodo is wonderful as a child and it is not good. Yes, hobbits are small as children, but not children. Merry and Pippin are not set up - they are only visible when changing location and definition of one sentence. The movie is filled with modern editing like this. Frames, Sam, Pippin and Merry are singing happily as they chase the way. One of the hobbits provides lute at least twice as much as he comes behind his back - which was not seen before - and begins to photograph the fantasy kind of fantasy if they all get in "la-la-la". AWOROUGH. * Aragorn, apparently, is an American Native wearing a very extraordinary coat (no pants), complete with a large square of square square. In fact he is the worst coward in the whole movie - often gets one swing before hit flat on his ass. Black planners seem more like lepers than the evil instruments. They are lost everywhere they are at a slow pace. This bothers to be sure, but it is not threatening. The project before the Black Traders' attempt crossed the Bruinen Ford (where they look at Frodo, who is on the other side of the horse) goes forever, when the Fighters are riding their horses in a threatening manner. .. do not do anything else. The area is probably required to illustrate the depreciation of Frodo while crossing its wound. It turns out to be more plodding than anything else. <br /> <br /> * Gimli Mboo is as long as Legolas Elf. He is DWARF. There is no excuse for that. He also looks like David who had Bnome. It is non-meaningful but accurate information. Boromir seems to have the Viking volumes of Elmer Fudd from this period of Bugs Bunny opera. He seems to be ignorant. Even though similar to the Tolkien model, Balrog laments and despises villain in the entire film. It looks like a man wearing a pink bedroom slippers, and it's more difficult than Gandalf. "Buyers" may prefer this Balrog, but I will take Jackson's version any day. <br /> <br /> * The story of war is awesome and embarrassing. Almost no characters showed any level of skill and their weapons. I do not pray for events that are full of action like those on Jackson's film, but they should be fighting. <br /> <br /> * Treebeard makes a very short appearance, and I had a sympathetic sympathy to be displayed on all. Watch the film, you will see what I said. <br /> <br /> Indeed, now for the GOOD part of the film. Some words to work are very good. It's not that Aragorn SOUNDS bad, it just looks like a giant Green Giant. The Galadriel is very interesting in this picture; like Tom Bombadil, he seems to have the ability to experiment with experiments, and his voice executive is not bad. and more than his death in the book, although I don't believe Jackson made a mistake by shooting as he did. As my professor showed (between the threats of shivering), orcs (especially on Helm's Deep, if I am right) it resembles the war of the war, the political statement that works well if you know what was tested. Although this is not very sure about the film, Bakshi cannot be judged for a large failure in this film, or so I have been told - the project had a strong budget, and the end of its production lost creativity to some of the top-ups (who I'm sure was not reading books) <br /> <br /> I would like to be open: I respect Bakshi for even trying somet hing of this size. I only have a hard time believing he was happy with the final product. Overall, I can not suggest in any way to resist the trilogy monitoring of Tolkien's classic even to laugh, unless you have already read books and have your own visualizations of characters, places and events. I'm sure someone, somewhere, will take a copy of this on confusion; if you do, continue with a clear idea and know the best you can from them.
