Obviously, I was not worried about Coming Things (aka "Examples of Coming") as many viewers. That means there is a good opportunity that you will be happier than I am. At any rate, you can find it necessary to hear the film described from another perspective. Guided by William Cameron Menzies, who had a great experience as a producer of production and more as a director of art, this is a film change and HG Wells of his own novel by the same name. With my eyes, it helps to show why the great vendor cannot turn into a good journalist. The film is opened in 1940 in "Alltown" as London. War is alcohol and everytown citizen are concerned that it can reach them. It takes. And it changes to long-term years that essentially damages civilization. Wells and Menzies continue to fly forward in time to show us different scenes related to war and after it. We see two pilots, one less, discussing the results of their fighting. We meet the post-affected community was judged by the warrior. We meet someone from a modern society emerging. We see how technology is changing. And finally, we are taken to the full understanding of the future of the year 2036, where leaders discuss the values ​​of sending someone per month. That all may sound can be very exciting, but just doesn't work as a film. Strongly, the film is too far away, with little to close together. For the third part, I have completely lost interest in trying to keep track of characters. I was able to exclude them into the first two categories. There is a constant shadow of new faces. We don't learn anything about any of them. It does not benefit that everyone groups, including a couple of variations, are targeted and edited. They also cause frequent - can almost start to feel like a propaganda film. But perhaps the opposite of acceptance, groups are also very cold and dry emotionally. In fact, one of the most advanced parts is like video promotional video video. With the features of the futuristic city building, with lots of machines, welding, and so on. At one time, a young man who looks like an astronaut waves on the camera through some kind of future mirror. Music for this part is somewhere between the milestones and a great scope of fear. I can't say that the things that come are including festivals. But the most common cry for the coming things is that the "film about thought". That may be true, but there are two problems with that if it looks that way. One, still not working as a film - that is, as a picture of the exhibition and wonder, and two, there are so many ideas presented here. The principle of principle is that of war and what it does for civilization. That's a very good thing to make a film about. It is also an extraordinary war of World War II, as the Comedy was written and closed in 1935 (released in 1936). Wells has interesting things to say about the war, which some oppose common interpretation of the film. For example, the end seems to indicate that some wars are coming out, or at any time. The general message appears to be a bad desire. Wells seems to indicate that war is part of human nature that cannot be excused, although it does not prevent "development" - in fact, perhaps it adds to development, at least accurately. It will be enough for one film. However, there are more ideas here. The area between the two pilots is one of the most severe films of the film. It deals with difficult problems. One of the experiments has erased some, but now he comes to help her. But the bullet that was shot was carrying poisonous gas that is now circling around. It can not all breathe gas without harm. The girl is coming. They only have two holes of gas between them. The pilot who was shot offers his mask, as he says he dies yet. What to do? It is not that this area itself can be identified in order to specify the length, but thought - the most difficult of all to help and try to hurt the middle of the battle - it's enough to create a film. <Br /> <br /> Another example. During the events related to the war fighter, in the post-apocalyptic environment, there are serious infectious diseases called "walk disease" around. It turns the victims into something like drinking zombies. Normal procedure is to beat victims on the site to try to prevent the disease. This material is dealt with as follows. It is a great idea and deserved his own film. Similarly, Wells provides a future community as having human ideas of controversy. That was enough for his own film, too. It is impossible to deal with many things for 100 minutes, especially when it should be a crux of the film rather than a great attraction. <br /> <br /> However, there are reasons to give items coming at least one look. If you're on a sci-fi buff, this is an important historical film. Due to the history of Menzies, production and setting layout is interesting, even if the movie looks very much. It is also interesting to see how Wells was either prescient or retrospectively humorous in its "predictions". I especially enjoyed the ways of passing the moon, which was a memorial of George Méliès' 1902 Monthly Journey (aka Le Voyage dans la lune). It is not very anticipated from the Coming Things.
