There have been cognizance for the past few years for many-time non-zombie films, as well as other organs of meat-eating media dead. "Fido" is a film that is a financial attempt in it, just its manifestation, or both - and it falls fully into a group of strange zombies. The shock here is that we see the death of the dead in a different history of the beat, caused by the pure, historical history (we are after the Great War of Zombie, and the creatures are now being made as slaves) the state of the 1950s. br>> It's a common idea of ​​funny alone, and enough perhaps for a five-minute sketch, but it can't hold a feature film alone. The corpse that is corrugated to the servants is not recommended by the proposed version of the small town is repeated over and over again, and it loses all of its efficiency. Voice sounds still have sunscreen tunes when zombies can eliminate managers. The word "zombie" is inserted regularly in another regular home line for an affordable attempt. The scope and surveillance of the "fifty-nine" representation here can not help but to suspend. It has been prepared very much, in it it seems clear "Pleasantville-" directed way, that appears more in the 1950s of the ness of the nearly ness and almost completely reproduced with anything that could have happened between 1950 and 1959. There is something that is too ambitious about it , as the film boasts carefully and without thinking about how more open, down-to-earth, and over 2000 years. <br /> <br /> Because the characters are a great representation of the 1950s "type , "it is difficult to develop emotional investment in them. Everyone has characteristics of behavior that have been cast to him - Helen is engaging in exhibitions, and Bill likes flat and haunted for having to kill his father - but it remains two-dimensional. Exhibits within the constraints of this wrong text are the same. The best is Billy Connolly as a zombie Fido, who in the tradition of Boris Karloff in "Frankenstein" actually offers a tender and compassionate for a lumbering green monster who can not speak. <br /> <br /> There are a few bits of allegory that have no damage to be around - for brands, brands, classism, warfare, and so on, but none of it works at a large scale, and the film do not know; really stick to nothing. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this film is not quite available with a sharp shock of "See the zombies in 'Stop for Beaver!" "for a good hour and a half.
