The opening part of this film sets the speed at the moment of nine minutes. Shots are normal, normal, and high-quality film television. Good full snow is very good, but the characters in it have the same quality as the look at the picture of such a scene, a great feeling of distance. Some layout is the highest quality and the work of an old professional, the conversation is however clunky and fake, having little to negotiate 'real' dialogue at all looks. Any emotional understanding is transferred by swearing, which is a fact that everyone expresses their true feelings. The move is slow and effective, a general feeling being one of the runaways of water on your head, but so slowly that you are aware of it, but eventually you feel feeling sad because you have found it in an uncertain situation. <Br /> <br /> A combination of forms that Fessenden seems to try to use; The psychological thriller, the fear and the family, though respected faces a great lack of tension and interesting conversation. The way the husband, wife and child interact is particularly untrue. The theme of family relationships has been hit in the haunting environment is often covered before the best film, the instant example is the Shining (1980). The family unit here is experiencing innocent cases that are difficult to understand or feel sympathetic to the lack of a script of relatives. The family family is not found in the film, Fessenden plays under the exciting possibilities of the story for a slow family game for a lot of time. The 'stalker' model Otis has a few characteristics of his character and despite the most attractive and relevant behavior still has not been much. The main characters are the empty horns of the people who were very difficult to relate to, their relationships with each other to be the most important sense of feeling or feeling. Although Erik's ignorance of the young people of Sullivan and his parents must be part of the story, no doubt any intelligent person would say their child if he claims that he spoke to someone who seems to be absent? People can accept this film as a mind because of the lack of family about the most common aspects of the basic creation but this film fails according to any kind of music you want to import. You can read the comprehensive psychological meaning in every minute of every detail if you should so wish but I think people will be better on exploring their carpet in a particular sense of emotion, rather than these small human creativity.
