The problem with these types of movies is that literally several of them are made every year. Luckily using just a few are given a show, while others are directly beaten to a video or TV, such as this film. <br /> <br /> The main problem of this movie is actually its origin. It is one of those movies that use the "Die Hard" form of a tough but uncomfortable young person as the right place at the wrong time. In this case it is a character played by Casper Van Dien, who works for a security agency that tries to secure security procedures for companies and individuals. In this case he is sent to a cruise ship, which actually gets trophies. You can see this film as a "Die Hard" and "Air Force One" and the movie doesn't try to hide that the two films may be the main source of 'inspiration'. In fact, you can't see this film as the original one. It uses all the clichés out of the book and this film does not give any surprise or anything that resembles anything natural. <br /> <br /> As you expect from a film like this, it has a very weak script. Or rather said, it has a very lazy article. As I said earlier, the movie is not good for any of the original but also the actual story itself includes some of the features that are far from the possibility and are just doubtful. I mean, grabbing a large ship with only 8 boys, who just climb a small gun and then ask for a 'just' $ 10 million compensation, for a ship that is approaching 10 times the same amount is already ridiculous. Do they even like to divide that money later? Everyone gets more than a million or something? That's not profitable for big and dangerous activities. And then there is a case of taking hostage passengers. Somehow they can take all the passengers on the great shipping ships and they can put them in one room, with only one person with his pistol, which he can not even seem to be able to hold right, to watch them. You can't see more than 30 captives however, as if they were all the people inside then. Also when Van Dien's behavior goes to look for his son and unlawfully, regardless of the room that travels on a large sea ship, he always hits each other. Examples of lazy writing in the film. But of course it is a step further, so the story of course becomes secondary. But again, it's not like this film shows any good action. Halve's actors seem like they have never held a weapon before and the movie is full of motion-slow ridicules. In fact they are interesting for points. Of course movies are also not suitable for the best actors, although I must say that Casper Van Dien actually isn't bad 'action hero' and actor, as far from the circle and type B-movie is involved. He however also has the same difficulty as Tom Cruise; no matter what age, he never can be seen convincing enough to play the boy's father. Van Dien once started as a young actor of a young but star in the movie as this is not suitable for his work. He may have something better, although he has not been given a good chance to show. All other characters are also working enough but their characters are so formulaic that they will never be interesting. Oh well, it's not the worst movie I've ever seen but also 's especially it's natural or memorable either. <br /> <br /> 4/10
