The only time to watch on the long-awaited movie "Dreamgirls" is the release of this 1976 music melodrama recording which also takes on the power of the Power as its inspiration. Released five years before the opening of the Broadway's "Dreamgirls" and the section set in the same period, it has a very black cast and a story surrounding a girl's top-and-thigh girl, and that's where the typical size is finished. Written by Joel Schumacher well before being the general director of the brands of the original label products ("Batman Forever", "Phantom of Opera"), this movie looks grittier on the face. In fact, by creating, Schumacher undermines the development of stories and behaviors by inserting many of the clichés and fingers that use the eye. For a small corporate number of musical codes, Sam O'Steen, a popular film editor but neophyte director, helps production as a low-budget TV film and a frustrated structure of a button. The story follows the three sisters of the Harlem - the sister, the ignorant-minded Volunteers with the sweet Sparkle - when they are standing in the church church, meets with the most skilled young but well-intentioned Stix and Levi, and then get their first taste of success as a group of singing - first as a quintet wearing a sweater called Hearts and then like a glitzy trio known as Sister and Sisters. But there are usually more problems with the secret name of the group - Sister is involved with a bad drug dealer Satin Struthers who strikes and turns it into a cocaine; Levi goes to prison for infection in drug abuse for Satin; Stix is ​​faced with failure and carefully turns to other Jewish people for financial support; He likes only; and the poor little Sparkle decides to decide what kind of future he wants. The biggest community is that the R&B big Curtis Mayfield wrote the atmosphere of the sky, some interesting and one, "Look at Your Heart", a real winner. Establishment is a good working environment under the circumstances. Lonette McKee's bravery attempt to do Sister is a horrible example of a ham-fisted plot that turns out, including Billie Holliday's return as a mike. Before making it on the first TV, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood show Stix and Levi and the life of a young man if they are not very trustworthy. The best work comes from Maria Alice on the side of silence as the mother-in-law and "Fame" Irene Cara who strives to be honest in the role of the head (though its costly stylist and hair should be shot for a look look look good at The last area). The DVD only comes with a preview of the original full-costed video of DJ Casey Kasem and an additional CD of five films that have not been done with original origin but Aretha Franklin writes a voice of 1976. It's not a bad movie, just a interesting if there is no curio that happens to achieve the same ground as "Dreamgirls".
