I disagree with a lot of what is written and say about the "Catholic" so-called German New Wave: <br /> <br /> 1) There are major barriers in simple definition, in basic communication points of conspiracy, such as about abortion Maria and the secret agreement between Oswald and her husband. How many viewers understood that the husband agreed, instead of a huge financial wage, did not return and return his wife until Oswald died? 2) The latter does not make fun of them for legitimate reasons and for accidents. The original screenplay asked Maria to commit suicide after reading to Oswald's will, discovering that her husband had certainly sold their marriage to Oswald. In the last version, however, Maria runs only water from the pipe in her hand for a suicide sign. Maria is then applauded, rather than coping with the effects of her self-deception with moral values. <br /> 3) Fassbinder wants to force the public to private, political private. Contrary to what critics and "experts" say, I don't think it works. The new radio news or the sound of the jackhammers of German construction in the high voice of the major events of the movie does not make these historical events interact with the festival. The objective of the self-centered concern of Mary due to poverty and success means a similarity to the so-called economic economic post-post-German war. Maria is thus aimed at becoming a special woman and reflecting time and its position, but in fact it is normal and unusual. Women have been emphasizing their independence through sexual intercourse for many years. 4) Finally, there are several instances of sleepless sleep and amateurish - Fidbinder's addiction to drugs and waiting for a long time and being innocent to have their impact. Unknown people say screens without being seen; music is intrusive for purposes; and melodramatic posting alternatives to acting. Strangely, for the movie to judge the country for amnesia's collective love of sacrifice, itself never said about it immediately.
