The theme of this film ............... is the largest ballad of free written! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! <br /> <br /> I saw this film first in 1978-79 when I first joined the cable. In 1979 the cable was just starting to be a common place in the house. (or at least that time was right here in Missouri). This could be the first film I watched at the pay station called "Movie Channel" - called "Channel Channel" back there, changed the name to "Movie Channel" in the early 1980s. ...... I received a free month of "The Star Channel" and a new cable registration. "Van" was one of the films that were all around the network at that time. I remember watching this film at the time, and thinking it was a normal flick of the boy (along those lines as another village village buddy) ... that's the plot that involves fraud and parties. I just forgot that this film was available until I recently saw this film after seeing it for many years (I got a copy of the DVD for sale at a cheap price) I realized, and bought only $ 4.99. <br /> It seems like I remembered this film to be better that it was (it). Yet looking back at that time there was a different experience than now (30+ years later). It was a pleasure to see a list of children on rock n roll music, smoking, and having sex back to the fancy car (always at the same time). That's what a good movie of a young boy should be. It is not a lot of other conspiracy except the fact that the main character is thinking about having sex with his girlfriends a good partner ... she makes all the savings of university savings to buy a purchase of Dodge Van (with The walls of the shag cabinets are covered with a bed of water in it to look at him, and eventually he has sex with her. But his opponent gets out and comes to look for (so that they might be able to solve their differences by refreshing their vans) .... he and his last opponent lose all their evil, and instead of stealing away his girlfriend's fighter, he succeeds on The heart of the little girl's boyfriend (younger) likes for half / ass through many films and decides that she enjoys / enjoys the movie. The movie has time to make fun. But watching this film 30+ years later, it becomes more than a low memory record. Because I can still remember pizza salons, pinball banners, also brought about flying around the small town when we beat the pot when we screamed for the beautiful girls and the hope of putting (sometimes I would get lucky and get a look at the girl to cooperate with me and we'd expect The previous words, and also remember many songs in this argument (when they were new) ... this film is used as a full-time capsule for that era in those things (brought many memories). One thing that is shown on this film that I do not believe remember is .... I don't remember when the full vans were as popular as this film shows that it is. I remember that time well, and I'm not young people going around wanting to have van instead of remembering young people in 70 years (personal joint) want Pontiac Trans Am, Chevy Camaro or a hot fire Ford Mustang, but never van.This movie makes it look like v The ans were the most popular brands to go and that every boy wanted one (which was not true at that time)
