If the event of the last WWE New Years Revolution 2006 was led by a match to complete the court. The difference between the past years and the match of these years was however worth the entertainment. In fact only three people stood up to walk out of the Pepsi field in Albany, New York and WWE Championships. They were the current champion John Cena, Kurt Angle and Shawn Michaels. There was no way Vinnie Mac would put the belt on any rookies; Carlito or Chris Masters. And Kane? Kane last made the WWE Championship in June 1998, and that was just one night. It was obvious that he had no one either. The last match was an exciting and six WWE best they had to offer. 2006 was a predictable and disappointing thing but still played a night away. The only wonder of the evening came after the alarm was run on the main event. He missed Vince McMahon himself and sought to raise the room. It had been announced that Edge was investing his money in the bank match at the time and there. For any time to prepare and go back to win John Cena's winning matches he did not stand up and left the post after a spear for one of the most leisure heels in WWE. This is just a piece of entertainment that took place all night. <br /> <br /> The low forest, as last year, was very angry. H Triple and The Big Show put a cool fashion which I was trying to stay away. HHH took the win but that has never been any doubt was it? Any payout arrangement that Jerry Lawler and Viscera wrestling on that card will not have any chance that success actually makes it. The Helms Assistant of Helms (who writes these things?) And Big Vis have lost the victory over losing Shelton Benjamin for a little help from his mother. WWE women also had a lot of work at night. There was a regular Diva match with Bra and Penteti's Gauntlet championship with Ashley and Woman's championship in line. In the match, I thought it would have been left to brew until WrestleMania 22 Mickie James resisted Trish Stratus in a good match. Trish won the tournament but it was obvious that this would continue for the future to be seen. The opening of the most recent night mentioned the WWE Champion Edge against Champion Intercontinental, Ric Flair. This would have been better but it was a beaten and bloody flair after it was completed. In fact the pipe had a big fish for fry. So the New Year Revolution ended the 2006 pay-off calendar in bad style. The only thing from there is to know that for WWE the only way is up. They are no worse than this.
