What? Do you know with the concept of children's drawings? While not more than three-year-old Picasso has been made with his fingers, it encourages them to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, it should not have any reason for the parent to hold the child back. Usually, if the child likes to draw or draw, you will see the basis of their future style. You will begin to see their true form in these very old doodle. In fact, this concept of children's artwork is how I felt about the bait of Fuqua's excitement and dislike. When all accounts were bad films, it was amazing to see the style of Fuqua begin to emerge through even the best time. If you have seen the Day of Training or King Arthur, you will be impressed by the birth of this director in his second Bait film. While Foxx offers bad performance, an unsupported procedure, there are certain scenes, which define Fuqua and show its beauty behind the camera. Unfortunately it emerged in the last thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus only on these events, you will see why the name of Fuqua happens to the "Best Of" many "film list. and the person whose Fuqua eye behind the camera is a shelf and unique. His ability to put the camera in the most difficult places to convey a simple impression is amazing. I am wondering that over Hollywood has not climbed into this bandwagon. It is a testimony of Fuqua greatness. Two direct traits in the mind are the scene of an explosion near the center of the film and the area of ​​the horse close to the end. all that I saw was a combination of almost every film made. The hero with a good reputation on his fortune that suddenly finds his life turned to an unknown power is a class structure ic which you just need to die in Hollywood. We've seen these two times, and no matter who you are (unless you are Charlie Kaufmann), you can't restore the wheel. It is impossible for this type, and is verified by Bait. I was angry with Fuqua for just sitting and letting this happen, which could explain why it took me three views to finish this film. I was just exhausted with the same structure, and when I hoped that Fuqua could open it again, it wasn't. <br /> <br /> Then, there was acting. When Jamie Foxx loved me as an actor, I was ready to give this assisted car to try. I wanted to see if she could cancel another role similar to Guarantee. I was under the impression that maybe this was a selected film to show producers that Foxx could handle space in Guarantee. Again, I was desperate. Foxx was angry. Not that it was a way that his character was, but in that it was not if Fuqua nor Foxx took time to teach Foxx fully about what should be used and what is supposed to be used. Instead, we are troubled by the incident on the Foxx area only if we try to delay the audience. Adding a second long column and cultural information just to keep his audience understand that he was the first player, second actor. Fuqua should stop this immediately. Foxx's joke destroyed his character, which, in turn, left me with nothing to get to know. Instead of character development, he would joke. And the style did not work, there was no pleasant shock. The rest of the cast were average. For this I mean that I have seen them all the same. They were closing something new on the table, there was nothing strong for the story, and nothing big for all the movie themes. They were pawn filling the air space to die. Fuqua had no control over this mess, and the final decision only helps the charges. Overall, this was a sad film. Since there is no innovation in the presence of non-supervisors, they are trying to develop themselves, what began as a beginning of honor as the story of decency eventually increased rapidly in the fastest movie. Foxx was angry, without characteristic lines, and a full package of cheese. In each area I saw no feeling, and when the feeling needed to convey the message, he chose to take his shirt instead of dealing with the issues. Are my words sharp? I don't think so. When you watch any film you want to see some creation, some food characters, and themes that seem to hit near the house. Bait was not there and none of these. When I give Fuqua credit for two events in this film, the remaining five hundred were bad. Apparently, I used bait during this film, but now I see it, hope I can stop others from attracting it. <br /> <br /> Bridge: ** out of ***** (for two interesting events to watch)
