666: The baby starts as a jet attack, only survivor of a bird 666 was a young boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart) who is taken by Erika journalist (Sarah Lieving) and her husband cameraman Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) after they revealed an event Channel 6. For the first time Donald looks like a normal child but death seems to follow him closely, after warning from Nun & Vicar Scott begins to believe that Donald is bad and the cause of all deaths ... <br /> < br>> This direct flick of DVD was led by Jake Perez under the name of fraud Jake Jackson & one will say 666: The child is really poor. Every time I see an error responsible for the film I am concerned, I care so much since their track record is bad. They seem to be self-sufficient in making & / or distributing the awesome low-budget films that are the most recent prizes for the most successful budget and in 666 cases: The child does not need a degree in rocket science to realize that it is the end of financing in The latest Omen (2006) released the same year. Benjamin Henry & Austin Laurel's script is awesome & can't be identical to the same high expectations of Hollywood, I mean just what Donald Mpinga Christ expects to achieve from a middle class family in a small town? Is it very difficult to start from the point of bringing the destruction of the world world? Each character in 666: A child is a certain type of main character from The Omen, recognized parents, a priest who tries to warn them with bad babysitter. There is a real lack of the event, there is any amount of year and plot is poor. I mean Donald to kill a dentist because they were trying to fix his teeth just random and useless, what all the disgusting pictures Donald had built up, where the child came to and nothing connected everything and it's just disjointed mess that becomes just boring very quickly. Reference number 6 also becomes angry and less aware. <br /> <br /> Director Perez believes, it is as good as nothing else. There is almost no blood or gore, there are a few blood medications, a hand cut and a person gets a rounded face in their faces but looks better than it looks on the screen. Certainly not terrible, no thanks to the atmosphere for the modern bland environment in the suburban home and there is no tension because we don't know exactly what Donald is trying to do & before there is no threat from him. In fact the film is good, it's very well done but since the real film is poor it makes a little difference. Acting is not great but at the same time I have seen more. <br /> <br /> 666: Child is a poor mans Omp-off-off, I'd soon watch either the original or remake on this any day of the week. Not good & certainly doesn't suggest. It was followed by 666 good: Animal (2007) which also went straight to DVD.
