WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, is found in the rehab center and others were injured. And there he must have a new life hard, tied to the wheel. It is an interesting, promising, but unfortunate, failing to send. What happens instead is usually Hollywood schmaltz, and at some point interesting. Indeed the cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, et al) is brilliant, and do well here as he will expect, but his talents are destroyed. The characters are mainly discriminatory of one or the other, and most of them are exactly the same (characteristic snipes except). I think this is some kind of attempt to break through the minds of people with disabilities "disabled" or "weak", by making it in many places, like the obstacles of your face, but it makes you completely desperate. It will certainly show you what those with permanent disabilities hold, in a way that is unacceptable or romantic, which is important, and a good idea, but when the process shown can make a difficult person to do with, and that is worth dealing with, not part and that part of these characters must be, by different degrees, and despised. They should not be broken, either; surely there is a middle ground somewhere. At the conclusion of the film, Eric Stoltz's character has agreed to accept his status as a disabled person, but since he is a monster of narcissistic flames since the beginning of the film, we cannot take care of it. In addition to the traits of his character, the film is experiencing an incredible disease that many Hollywood movies are experiencing; The syndrome does not have an official name, but you can call it "The Unseen Secrets of Redemption". It goes something like this: characters use fraud, and then without apologizing, all are forgiven (a very good example of this is in the movie The Breakfast Club, which one character uses most of the film drives everyone into the ears, the result is that they love him. In one of the most recent examples, Spiderman 3, supervillain The Sandman puts waste to Manhattan's chunk, then asks for Spiderman for what appears like 15 minutes of world before being influenced by what is appropriate "bye, now") . A good example of the IFS in Water Water is a sequence, after a n-word and characteristic of racist racist William Forsythe and his friends in the original area, the behavior of Wesley Snipes forbids the Forsythe behavior in the next area, like nothing happened just a short time. Again, without "Oo, sorry about the business back there where I, you know, called n-word". Ask me, do these people watch these movies before they leave them, or do they keep their films locked, and beat them together in the editing room according to the location of the area, calling it a day's work?
