For those who have little time in their hands, I will count it quickly, in one word ... pathetic. There are very good examples of why this film fits perfectly under this description. To a large extent you cannot go for 2 minutes of screen time without seeing something completely stupid and useless. Want a woman perfectly naked in the first 10 minutes? You got it! The reason seems to be insignificant though it makes a voice for others of this piece of babies. You can almost see the mentality of the 12-year-old boys who wrote this piece of garbage just by looking at this trick that they expect the public to really pay !! !!! I have witnessed many franchises of films over the years, but the North Pie, the Beta House should be one of the worst criminals when you think that despite the original nature of the original movie, it's still funnier than this dreck. <br /> <br /> The plan is predictable, and sometimes you feel like you're looking to play school. The things that happen in this film are not too bad that it takes a suspicion of real unbelief to look at it (we are talking about the Star Wars of the suspension, as the kind that you need to assure Jar Jar is true) <br /> <br /> The program is a thin paper and especially events what happens is just to show another pair of milk or to re-establish the pathetic joke. There is no legitimate talent for speaking, each you find is a group of good boys trying to make us laugh. And ohhh how they fail !!!! Each gag falls flat and the only thing I am stirring is how the races don't seem to be. How can you describe the cattle that they are trying to adopt as a story? They go through every opportunity to do something worthwhile and entertaining for non-typical written, unusual. Participants should complete the number of jobs before they are accepted as members of the Beta House, but this is frequently mentioned by a series of very short publications that mean they are completing the work but we see little by its true evidence. It's a very lazy way of telling stories. It also loses the opportunity to be funny when doing it (Think of Wizard of Oz where all the important events that happened on the mirror rather than on it, and all we see is Dorothy high-fiving Scarecrow every time and say "Gee that really was a good adventure" what we had at that time ") lazy. Lazy. LAZY! Female / female characters have nothing or say. All they do is get naked because there is no clear and used as visual props through many of the movie. You braindeads who are looking for T&A will not be disappointed, but for this reason alone they are embarrassed about you. If you buy this on a DVD it will help you fall to your community in a special way. Congratulations.
