Stifler, has completed his naked race and now attends Beta House. Things happen, people around the nakedness and nerds are disturbed by this series dead in the water. Ever Naked was a film to decorate, but I found that it was very good then Band Camp. It seems to have gone to what did not work and shows that they don't care. You can explain where the target audience is and they have placed it correctly. Young boys who like to see naked women, unintentional cigarettes and drink beer will like Beta House, everyone else can look away. Star Wars became a great achievement in which the audience was fully satisfied in the presence of special effects. The Lord of the Rings created the whole world of historical creatures and the great war that was dirty. Matrix changed the method and the actions of sci / fi were made, especially with special cutting effects. With all the advances in technology, we look forward to the next great thing that our jaws will drop on the floor. Then comes America's Pie: The Beta House, which pushes the boundaries of what technology can do. When people have created spaceships, themes and creatures using CGI, the Beta House decides to use this technology to create semen. Yes, something that focuses on life, something you see most often in creative films is composed and when you step down to show us a shot of white residences in a room on the teddy basin. Is this funny? What? Don't? The Beta House shows the most dirty then Mile Naked, which is surprising based on the original tablets. What? Film requires? Of course, does it continue to plot, do you? What? Do you laugh? What? Does it have little boys? Yes women are good, but if I think there is too much deception then you might also have made porn. A woman who finds the worries of our main character is good and should not be a viewer, as the previous girls did in a series, but not once I believed that this behavior could do what she does. I am sure every step from the characters in this film is far from true. The series of American Pie has fallen from the realm of reality into the world of fantasy. No events in this film will happen, if they have done so I need to attend this school IMMEDIATELY. What? Does this film think that people feel like they have a good time? This is not, we are looking for a good time, at the end of the film we hate them for all they have. <br /> <br /> There is an area of ​​"Hunter Deer" in the film, but making it "funny" to today's listeners decided to replace the shot of the horse. What? Are you laughing yet? Instead of shooting with a headache, or face, it puts a gun in their mouth. What? Are you less laughing? The first time we are brought by Stifler's partner, he has sex with his girlfriend. What? Still wondering? The first movie looks like it will be on the boys who are trying to get into a frat house, but then they change them to be in the family home, but they need to do some work. Then it changes competition between nerds and boys. It goes a little "revenge of the Nerds" on us for a bit and looks out of place. I honestly do not know what this film is approaching because it goes everywhere. <br /> <br /> Most of the comedy seems forced to the value of shock. Even at first the father shows his son the list of people he had sex with. Laughter is there somewhere, I think it might be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or it could be one of the mother of her son's son was on the list. Maybe one, it doesn't work. I think if you're not yet, this film is not recommended. Nor does it appear to be focused, the story is exciting and so called the bad humor which the series has been known for is not recommended. Skip the blurred item and every day also. I don't know why I have seen all the details in the series, but for an unknown reason they seem to have found their way to my eyes.
