Drew Barrymore is an actor who has gone through a bad time, not only in his career, but also in his personal life. After becoming a proud actress she came down to access to low-quality films. When he recovered from the back of the dark, this movie stays as a reminder of the worst days of Drew Barrymore. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with an interesting Powerful, very much remember to "lift Cain" of Brian De Palma; and the conspiracy that deals with many human problems that put the story in fear / horror. Barrymore's stars like Holly Gooding, a young woman who is trying to make a new life in California after a horrible past event that appears to be that someone else killed her mother. Suddenly, his past history has returned to hate him as his bad personality is back in his life already destroying his new peace found by his new love. In the midst of his new partner chaos, Patrick Highsmith (George Newbern), will try to help Holly deal with his old demons. Unlike thriller caused by De Palma, "Doppelganger" is for most of the rare film that not only fulfills that purpose, it also concludes in one of the last of the film history. When Barrymore is definitely not the best, he can put his respect for the above average performance. Some of the cast are however varied from long to the most beautiful performances, although Leslie Hope may be among the best. <br /> <br /> Script is filled with clichés and De Palma's influence is quite obvious. When the film tries to be original by making literary references almost every line, the conversation is lighter and wooden work certainly does not have any value. It has a fair share of fraud and for extraordinary reasons, with extensive use of special effects. The effects of recycling are done with the best KNB and are true among the films. However, the wonderful use of the effects in the end of the end of the environment reduces the impact of the work of KNB and makes fun in a different film will be wonderful. <br /> <br /> The fact that this is B-Movie is not an excuse for low quality, as for the best and most consistent script can be an interesting movie. Unfortunately, everything we have here is a lighter film that becomes worse every second. It deserves the beauty of Barrymore. 3/10
