End of (actually remake of) Disney's 1996 live-action remake of 101 Dalmations. Cruella deVil (Glenn Close) has been released from prison after "curing" of his disease and feathers by a psychologist named Dr. Pavlov (ugh!). But the "cure" has been broken when Cruella hears the weight of Big Ben, and it also goes to the attempt to pretend to be a perfect coat from dalmation skins. <br /> <br /> This movie is bad for so many levels, starting with the fact that it is "movie thanks to the schlock" movie designed to absorb every dime end available from Disney marketing machines. Glenn Close-over-over-over-acts as Cruella. With all that he had to cling to in this film - a crippled script, an endless makeup, wrapped in a cake at the end - I hope they gave a very big paycheck. In pointing out, where in the world will you find a fur textile factory, a Rube Goldberg conference basket, and all the cafes are in the same building - as you do at the peak of this film? The real stars of the movie should be a dog. They serve as "Macaulay Culkin" of this film, attracting all the ignorant "Home alone" on criminals. (Welcome to the hippo, run on their hands with cargo carts, beat with icing, etc., etc., etc., and na naum.) We must admit, dogs were very good actors - better than human. Gerard Depardieu is completely lost in this film as a French separated furrier. Two women "lovers of dogs" - found from the original film, but with different actors - are completely boring. When they had dinner in an Italian restaurant, the movie eliminates and returns between two lovers, and their dog at home, looking at the dinner area from "Lady and Tramp." I asked myself, "Please, don't go there!" Half-expected that human beings can make satire in the area of ​​"Lady and Tramp" dinner - such as Charlie Sheen did in "Hot Shots: Part of Deux" - make a "string of a kiss," pushing meat meat and nose it, etc. .. And do not give me to the carrots fired by Eric Idle. The dress was selected by Oscar, and the dress in the movie * is beautiful. But it's the only thing in the movie. Others are dreck uninterrupted.
