... that Jamie Foxx will bring the most wonderful delivery, the performance of Oscar. One of the reasons I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in "Ray" is because due to watching his hammy, working badly in movies like "Bait" and "Booty Call," I couldn't think he could hold Oscar. If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx was one day to win Oscar, I'd like to laugh at their faces. Who knows? Maybe he is better connected to the drama, because if you look "Bait," it seems clear that the comedy is not forte it. I swear, jamie very mugs in this movie that I wonder his face did not fall. And why should he make these stupid sounds every chance he gets? Anyone known by comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that making comedy does not need to be big and obnoxious. If the joke is funny, it's funny. If it's not funny, then make a certain impression will not make you any funnier. The problem I have with other partners who decide to try to do is that they like to get laughing about being in behavior. In real life, ordinary people do not always have wonderful events and quips. As Albert Brooks said in an interview to discuss his behavior in the "Taxi Driver," it is important to be funny as your character, rather than being funny as a player. Jamie's great example of violating the law is a desperate area where his shots are taken, and he begins to ask for pictures as an example. If an ordinary person was thrown in jail, would he be doing goofy while he was shot with a mug? And the police did not try to tell him if he was? There are many such incidents in all films. Another bad sequence is one that Jamie feels on the phone with a man, and he begins to make the Caribbean push. It's not funny! Not to mention Jamie didn't seem to acknowledge during jokes. Providing comedic performance requires patience, when it goes straight into the punchline, if it's the right time for it or not. I'm not even a big fan of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good for comparison with Jamie. In fact, this was the first time I felt any time when he appeared on the screen. Epps has a similar error when it comes to comedy, but at least chooses a less basic approach. One of the few announcements in this comedy group is David Morse, the lowest performer known for his work as criminals. He seems to be the only actor in the film that is about to enhance it. However, star fellow "Green Mile" star Doug Hutchison is on top on top as a villain. Great surprise, considering that it gave good performance in the "Green Mile," also plays heavy. Antoine Fuqua has proved its leading wind on the movie as "Location of" and "Training Day". Even in the "Bait," he shows he can lead the hell of the action sequence. His only problem seemed to be in Jamie Foxx's discipline, who probably suggested half of the script with one bad joke after another. Unless you're a fan of the Foxx's death, please don't take a bait.
