This awesome movie program is very strong I have given a warning warning because I am sure I give anything away. The first audience sees one person in Jack Ripper string to kill an old man in the last one hundred years. Then we're on modern days and young Australian couples are looking for a house. We have been given a long voyage of this house and the husband sees the figure in the old mirror. A 105-year-old woman lived there. There are also large metal panels that need the wall in the hole. The original straight color comes when they fix it and the man puts it. I think she has a limp because she begins to have fantastic dreams. Oh, a couple can't have a child because the man is swearing. Some sort seems to be growing on the wall after the couple removes the metal panels and mold has the shape of a person. Later in the story there is a plot on a huge cache of money & husband kills bodyguards and co-worker and steals money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. What is hell going on? Who knows ?? Nothing is explained. Was the 105-year-old woman a child of the murderer? Sister of the baby? Why were there metal panels on the wall? What? How could that kill the character who was in the cellar? Was he tied down with his family & starved to die or just to hide? WHO is Mr. Hobbs and why he has a great desire to get metal panels? She has never seen again. WHY did the killer of death kill people? We see an old man killed. What? Is there an example or an object or something? Why does the woman become pregnant? Is it the demon who struck the killer? Has he been able to get into the husband's semen? And why, if the husband was able to conquer and kill the protector of security, he cannot defeat his wife? How could the voltage system in Australia be overcome in the room just cutting the thin wires? And why does the wife live at home? Is he now owned by a common killer? What? Will the child be a born-again killer? This game was the worst I wanted to call my PBS center and ask for my money back! The only thrilling story of this story had seen a man around his shorts for a long time, but even that could not redeem this unrestrained mess.
