German nut case Jörg Buttgereit seems to have fans - but I don't know why, and I am definitely not one of them! The only Buttgereit film I saw was Nekromantik and I hated every minute, but - amazingly - this film is the worst! Der Todesking is not in the same way as Nekromantik, but it is the worst film because it is boring in ways that small films have been managed (not off the Witch Blair Project, seriously). Some people say that this film is 'sick' and 'terrible', but it is not true. The director may be doing something about death, but he only knows what it is. How anyone can watch this film and be anything except exhausting and it is much more than me. The film revolves around suicide, and follows seven deaths over a week. Yes, that means having a lesser and more exciting part of Monday, a lesser and more interesting part of Tuesday, a lesser and more interesting place on Wednesday etc. this film would be worse than my average week! <br/> <br /> Der Todesking looks a 'art' film, though this would seem to be a way that is not much meant to mention a film that looks like 'art'. Every part of the film means telling a different story - but it's not recommended! We get a little sketch of suicide, and it just makes you wonder what is the point. The film feels like it should be deep, but there is a huge void where the mind must have no there to fill it. Buttgereit uses a few photos to defend; but I can't remember any of them for more than a week or so because this film is not just that. There is a deadly body that destroys the body that often does right, but that gets very fast and all that is left by all the film, which is unfortunate. If I would fight for the good things to say about this trick, all I can think of is this; The title depth sounds. As I said, Nekromantik is the only film I saw from the amateur director; I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2, and now I am not quick to run either. Der Todesking is an improper film and no point and anyone who calls 'art' is very wrong. Do it.
