First, not America or East-East. Second of all, I have no religion. The closest thing to religion I have sports and movies. Right now, I believe I will be better to serve the comments of the unintentional and without interest. Most of these short films are quite embarrassing. This awesome event should be used to commemorate all innocent people who were killed by "some" of barons and non-civilizations. Instead, most of what I have seen in these short films are concerned with the efforts to mark various political symbols. Examples: <br /> <br /> 1) Ken Loach section. Indeed, we are all saddened that this dude had a difficult life in his country but what relates to innocent victims of 2001? Two errors do not do right? Anyway! This film should have heads for those who have trouble listening to the unusual English-English. Many challenges are part of Youssef Chahine. It is obvious that he has trouble and logic. He confirmed the killings due to America being democracy and because some Americans voted for powerful politicians, then all Americans at the end are concerned with actions and decisions made by their leaders in the Middle East. Helloooo! Is this a real person? Other Americans don't even vote! Other Americans don't even know where the Middle East; others do not even know the religion practiced there; and many do not know the real political issues that are played behind events. ### Mr Chahine, because we have all these problems in the world is because there are so many people and your kind of logic. Innocent victims in Towed Towers came from all over the world. Militant fighters, rescue workers, office workers, and airline managers are not involved in politics. And yet, we are not allowed to go to our lives because "people" think everyone chooses a side or religion. We seem like a fair game for strong politics. 3) part of Israel showed their victims of the bomb. Another filmmaker uses this event to push their political agenda. Sometimes, it's not about you. Other people always think about "me, I, I." Sometimes, it's about other people. The Idrissa Ouedraogo section is a dragon and another political scorer. They really want money from the international community to show their poverty. Blah, blah, blah. <br /> <br /> This movie symbolizes the memory of "victims of September 11, 2001" <br /> <br /> The best thing is TRASH CAN.
