To avoid confusion, I would like to explain several points: I'm not a red neck. I am not even moderate or conservative. On the contrary, I am a radical: Libertarian. I'm not WASP either, I'm not born in the country. Jorge Luis Borges used to say that there are some types of people who have no sense of poetry, and that these sad people often get their poems to teach poetry. This film was made by people who do not feel poetry, by and by exhibitions; and I am trying to say, to people who do not know skill or, for that reason, respect the lives of other people or death (especially when victims are considered to be "bloodthirsty" killed in Yankee soil). Get the original idea of ​​eleven eleven minutes, nine seconds and one shape like especially not hidden. It's very clear. Why didn't they give you a multi-dollar budget every year if people were brutally killed in the attack? The whole concept remains somewhere in ignorance only with unnecessary fascism. Anyone who is serious about making films (and important on life and death) should be angry to decrease participation in this memory of innuendoes and non-sequiturs. For two differences: part of Burkina Faso - close and exciting -, and one from India - which documented the story of a man who was investigating justice and crime related to the attack, on the basis that he later did not return home and that he was a Muslim Islam (and, indeed, is told, when the truth was known was respected as a hero). All the other nine pieces, basically and very good, can be listed in two groups: <br /> First: 'I don't care about thousands of victims: Americans, visitors, children, teenagers, adults, old timers ...' and they can come back in a clean weight and lack of feeling. Makhmalbaf (Iran); Lelouch (France) ?? I'm afraid I'll go wisely since it's of Lelouch, but maybe, his part can be taken to be built on an idea that might seem to be quite close; Tanovic (Bosnia-Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu's (Mexico); Gitaï (Israel); Penn's (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: 'Yankees of blood is not worthy'. And it can continue again in frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) proves suicide bombings; Loach (UK) considers that the 9/11 innocent attack was a form of punishment for the claim of the United States for the dictatorship of Chile led by the serial killer Augusto Pinochet, in fact someone should tell Mr. Loach that the Pinochet victims were not related to Al-Qaeda and that Chile is a South American country that exists only Mr. Bin Laden should ignore, should also be told that the American government's sanctions against Chile's dictatorship was much harder than any other country; and, Imamura (Japan) explaining that WWII relates to the WTC attack. Imamura has at least being consistent in this: it is proved that the merger effect is completely nonsensical, which fits well with its part including the person who believes that snake. It makes it clear. Rather, it is very interesting. There is a certain type of error shared by many, including Americans, and believes that this film was not a commercial inquiry in the country because of some kind. control. Nothing more from the truth: this movie has not been treated in the country because it is a perfect fiasco. Fiasco's kind of wackyest. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of Fascism are close to the loved ones of the vast majority of its population, and the fight against Americanism is in vogue, the movie shown in living rooms was transformed into exhibitions, and applauded for chosen people very much: Few people usually give them credit regularly on other 'quaint' attractions. As the appearance of a fast meal of McDonald's or, sandy, old Jew, lost by ashes.
