According to the personal experience of John Singleton's director at the University of Southern California, comes Higher Education. The film involves ethnic politics that occur in modern modern colleges. There are three characters whose film is based on its story: Malik Williams, a young African male male. Kristin Conner, a white-colored girl, and Remy, an unidentified white man. All three fail with a sudden situation that the university's life is not as good as it is announced if all three pass by disappointment because they are unprepared (Malik), being naive (Kristin), and because they are not required (Remy). > <br /> One good thing about the film is that it shows that American American colleges are just high school writing. Colleges are not places to build behaviors, develop capacity, or improve personal development, but are institutions that are used to collect all kinds of pupils in a normal-fit mode. It is an experience that is usually built for failure of many students. It would have been better if the film had created stories about this courage rather than the political politics. But it was not there and where the film falls off. Singleton, apparently, had a very good experience in Southern California. Through this film allows all to be ready. No need to beat around the bush here. Singleton lets the heroes and criminals of this piece become easy to see. The black-colored characters in the film are very much like heroes here while all the whites in the film seem like criminals, safe for Kristin, who was raped by a white student. Who can understand the difference in this film? Black members who come with the help of a white girl after telling them who they thought they wanted? Easily members of the black color group at the university when a group of leather heads meet in a small dark dorm that builds violence? Omar Epps (Malik) and Kristy Swanson (Kristin) despair. They seem like the third choice for the role they played in this film (Tupac Shakur and Drew Barrymore were required to play Malik and Kristin but they were not found). O'Shea Jackson and Ice Cube, Busta Rhymes, and Regina King were all with their roles. And Laurence Fishburne had been broken here as a professor of history. Michael Rappaport just did well in this film and made to consider that his character, of three main characters, was altered in the film. John Singleton wanted to take the issue of color and balance in the University of America and this film. And he did it very badly. It was like to kill flying and shooting. Life is much harder than it seems and people are very similar and should know this. Higher learning is proof that he did not understand this completely. Seeing the film, then and now, would just combine, despair and reinforce the same public that he would like to talk to. Not to mention he would not welcome you for a bit.
