After seeing the first ten episodes, I must say this show is coming. What is breaking me, is that the show was shot in Canada. I know it's cheaper, but they have to beat it in California, so we can have a picture in the wilderness. That would be more real to the movie. The first part where they are out of another world is in the mountains, with many horns where it looks cool. That doesn't have much to feel in Egypt. What worked so well on the film was that it felt like it was an ancient Egyptian. Here it feels like they are running around around visitors in the Forrest of Canada. And so it's blind that appaerantly, on another planet, fall also comes. You can see the leaves at the bottom of the obstacles that all look like out of Vancouver. It only makes it even more impractical and mute. And there is Richard Dean Anderson. He is not Russel Kurt. Surely he does a good job and tries to implement the performance of little Russels, but he is not just as cold as Russel. And not a good player like Russel. And through the Russells of playing with Neill, well was more concerned. Andersons O Neil, is a very good way. I liked that the version of Russels just did'nt give s *** and had no trouble detonating the bomb until the end of the movie. Michael Shanks is doing a good job as Jackson takes from James Spader. Teal'c is a very bad habit. He is Jaffa. It's not Jaffa. Only Jaffa. Aaaarrgh !! The former Ra-character of the beautiful, only visible in the experiments and in other places so far. Teal'c speaks talks and acts like a robot. I have seen a good act from Jean Claude Van Damme. And the fact that Teal'c and the character of Ra and the people who saved them in the film, can speak English to suddenly it is also very strange fool. What made the visitors so afraid in the cinema is that they spoke an ancient language and were real monsters. <br /> <br /> For a specific effect, it is very good in experiments. But very rare effects in the real show have been done badly and it seems to be cheaper. Especially the planet they visit crystals. It is obvious that they are walking in the sound of the voice and the wrongly painting. It's insulting to viewers who made it very easy. Especially when they could make it before the bluescreen and the nature of the cgi. X's files had the best results when they delivered their first events in 1993. That was four years before SG-1 started. And they didn't have a budget of two million dollars each period, which SG-1 seems to be. They should have all the money on the catering. Because I don't see on the screen. A wonderful and trivial show, which could be great if they would show on Hollywood and a great budget with the best writers and best characters.
