I don't understand why people will praise this waste. His bad, stupid, untrue, bad, and on everything else. Film is a focus on life, color issues, discrimination, and everything else going on for the University. This is where it fails. You are not humble about the truth. From many unfamiliar experiences in films such as a black man who chases a white man with a gun, a black man and a suspended security guard suspended and done when the gunman runs ahead of them. The white man who strikes people from the roof of the roof that is standing and beaten by the black man, then standing up and given the style of Rodney King to beat when the man runs free at a later time after being chased by just one four guards. As a preliminary inspector described several men of white color are beaten by many black-colored people with almost 160lbs including 105lbs Bust A Rhymes <br /> <br /> Another important thing in the film are not very interesting characters. From fear and confusion people white and meaningless, angry, and still fair (?) Black people. Its almost as insulting to black and white people. I am a white man and I know so many black and spacious people who agree that this film is right to show pictures and give them the same features because of their race. The story that I will say now refers to almost three characters. One black athlete, the other is a scared young woman who asks her sex, and the third is a white man who is also confused and frightened, then claims her problems with black people who become a future in the film. They all have their share of trouble and adventures including sex, rape, fight, love, hatred, hatred, color war, and o, don't forget education. Which all comes from the end of the shooting of the murder. In which after returning to their fascinating life and imagine "being white is bad". What? This looks very much like your college years? It doesn't think so. I don't think the director attended college especially if he would make this bad mess. Overall this is a bad, bad, bad movie. If you want to see a more accurate view or tribal issues you will see the American History of X. If you want to see a more accurate view of the University of Porkys. Just avoid this mess.
