This is one of the more than 90 years of movies. I don't recommend you if you have something to do well. This photo gives Americans Americans wrong, non-violent, unknown, better to smoke. Fudge (Ice Cube) and its epidemics continue to be concerned with others in dorm, not only white people, but also Asians, and they have never been punished for their actions. With all this persistence they continue to scream and cry over the rivals of evil spies who run their lives and stand in their way. In fact it is the influence of Fudge that causes Remmy to have securities with the heads of the skin, leaving the university, and finally killing the girl's Malik. Skin skins are presented as a low fake group who share Pepu away from the university and usually not be far from each other. They do not have a music explosion to persuade people or do not despise police. They commit serious crimes such as batteries and rape, but not as horrible or threatening as Fudge and Dreads (Busta Rhymes) are. It is a lot of material in this film that distorted me or made me giggle. Some of them are as follows below. <br /> <br /> Fudge and Dreads are classified as students at the University of Columbus yet we will not see them in class and it is unclear how they pay their studies. One is left only to think that their weeds pull smoke has something to do with their money. Although they are students in what appears to be a private university, they can't say one line of English correct. Their characters are made only by means of stretching and harassment. It seems that Kristen had been drinking (Kristy Swanson) knew why Billy had gone home to drink. He even asked him to get the ball so that they could start. The fact that he was seen without a condom was rape when it was just a big sex if he had one hand. Later, Kristen was reassured by Taryn (Jennifer Connely) that they do not have an issue in the matter, and in spite of entering a teenager's voluntary bed he was not ready for sex and had been caught up by a sexual pastor. Then a week or more he met him, and he slept with her, the most powerful and experienced man who knew how to avoid being raped and brought on a condom. The director strongly emphasized contraception. This game has been completed and litter that makes black people like trophies and women seem foolish and weak. Cole Hauser's work, and Laurence Fishburne's priority are the only reasons I can think of. The author / director is definitely someone with limited knowledge. Continue and set your own limit to check this trick if you want, but remember that the neurons don't grow again. Just follow the advice at the end and UNLEARN.
