I would like to say that unlike many people who did not like this film and they could not understand I was able to fully understand what it is. I don't like to beat this word around but in this case it is very appropriate. The first director presents the material through "very arrogant" and much worse, without adequate. It does not mean that it provides material in a non-destructive system, and makes us think that the director was too drunk to remember what event comes first, and proudly for 2 hours long expecting us, the CARE observer at the end of that. <br /> <br /> I respect surrealist movies for what it is. (to create a closer story of the real world that does not involve real life) But there is nothing to surreal about having a story set in modern modern times, and modern world landscape, which is not appropriate to involve viewers but more, just a series of events that are not connected together. The most accurate way of describing the experience of watching this film is like watching stories; maybe even the story of GOOD as it was based on the book, but confused by the fact that the camera does not seem to capture when necessary and merge together any way to connect. <br /> <br /> Let's compare stylistic movies. Compare "Seul contre tous" to Gaspar Noe. He gave us a deep, participatory and intellectual story. This movie does not provide intellectual inquiry, and when it is very stylistic in the split presentation, the director has carried out an important art of writing good news and all that we have left is a mix of events that are not connected together. It really is possible to have a sense of things .... for POINT. But as I said earlier the viewer will come to the point where they just say "Who deserves." It looks like watching the story of a man going to a supermarket and buying food in a non-traditional manner. Even with murder is quite surprising and separating. So many people today will give high marks for something that they cannot understand or be wise because of the fear of looking stupid, and in every way this film tries to make the viewer foolish. If you have a good time in your hands, then please watch this film, considering what I said. It is a story based on a book that can be presented in the most effective way and that's my primary reason.
