It is no wonder that I decided to look at STARLIFT on the 59th day of June in June 1950 when President Truman ordered US troops in the Korean War. STARLIFT, you see, has been largely put on the Travis Air Force in California in years where it was used as a staging station for soldiers sent out to fight in Korea. But you would like to do your own research to know this because not once during the film is the name 'Korea' mentioned. We see a plane fly out of the clean soldier and return with wounded soldiers but no mention of where these people will fight or injured. Which is the kind of weird for the film designed to wave the flag and greet the American men in uniform. Released in December 1951 by Warner Brothers, STARLIFT is a very definite attempt to overthrow the success of the star-studded star of World War II's second "Hollywood club". The 1944-year-old told the story of two soldiers using their third night to leave the club's most famous army squad in LA's expecting to get on with Joan Leslie. But in fact it was just the reason why Warners walked every star under the contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield, and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and more. STARLIFT hosts two soldiers of the Army Army hopes to meet the star of the story of Nell Wayne (mask-like Janice Rule) and lobby a group of Warner Bros star to put on the show for the departure soldiers. But instead of Crawford, Garfield and the best Warner of the brothers were able to increase in 1951 were Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris and a quick appearance by James Cagney, Randolph Scott, and a clear shame looking Gary Cooper. This strangled source, which has the power of the stars connected to lighting the usual light, is perfectly compatible with the production of crummy production. It may be possible to save some long-term money that was shot by using real-back projections. It's too bad? You can see joining where the screen meets the sound floor! To describe STARLIFT as a non-stupid, lazy and third-party movie film is to make film films that are not recommended, lazy and third. It's just awesome. Avoid.
