Whose boy. Did you want to watch a document about jerk megalomaniacal to destroy his own life and separate everyone around him? Well they exist, in many forms. But have you ever wanted to look at the document about a person who eventually succeeded in doing anything despite the reputation of an individual's "wisdom"? Well you can grab the camera and find someone like that in any local area (I know they are everywhere and I don't follow the location of the place), or you can save yourself by using this money to watch this. The column is good and, honestly, is not as the creators of the film knew exactly where it was considering that it was one of the problems of making the document. We are being followed by two groups, the murder of Brian Jamestown, headed by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, led by Courtney. I have heard of Dandy Warhols before watching this film ... it's not the murder of Brian Jamestown. Why? Well from this view of the document, because the dysfunction of the killing of Brian Jamestown's group rejected the ability to make it true in the music industry. However, instead of this being analyzed two different bands and how one could succeed, the trend becomes more on Anton and its deficiency. <br /> Because, look, Anton is a "professional." Because he plays rock music. In fact "he understands music evolution" ... because he plays rock music with many different instruments. His music is considered "retro after modern but later" ... because it is rock music. He wants to bring "revolution" ... through rock music. Well then let's say it ... twenty minutes and this is one of the stupid children I would like to look at. <br /> <br /> The document itself does not lend credit to any of the Anton Talon, because in the edit mode under 2,000 hours of material in the two-hour period we have no time to consider it. So instead we look at Anton, a “skilled,” a social host, cunning, to be a jerk for two hours and is told just to understand that he made real music. Although he did or I do not know, because it is not like the document had enough time to prove. What I know is that we are left with a story about twerp self-self-centered around the country that calls itself a God of music and does anything. Why do you even worry about that? People like Anton did not deserve the attention they want, hope and enjoyment for all different people, especially after the failure of the ability to lose. This film resembles a special VH1-hour because: it keeps on going on music, but it's about photos and precautions. Look at that person, look how he dresses, see how he does, see how he tries to create a controversy because he can't afford the markets. It is true that the only trustworthy character in this film is Joel, and because of anyone in this document, Joel is the only person who seems to be happy. Maybe it's because he's a man of dance. All others are "rock stars"! They deserve consideration, and interest, and interest, and cooperation! They are out there "save the rock and roll." What? Do you remember when White Europeans had to "save the rock and roll"? Yes, that was because of Anton, and "it is their selfishness that they did not mention me (Anton) as an inspiration." What a burden. People like Anton are better left forgotten. This document explains why ordinary music is slow - because music should deal with people like Anton to live and eventually you can just throw their help behind someone safe and passionless. Thank you very much, Anton. Your Antics has destroyed music for everyone who touched it, whatever his opinion on the contrary is. And if people "in knowing" about Anton disagree with was really knowledgeable, it still shows how bad this document is that it slows down it that way. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
