I still don't know why I had to stay all the way. This "movie" was not worth the Memorex DVD-R was required; I thought I was looking at the end result of a group of middle-class students who camcorder their parents. That is by far the worst film made. In fact, from the bottom of my heart, you want to accuse Aaron Yamasato for two hours stole from my life. So it seems to be bad for the purpose; However, if you have to end up in hell and have to look at this 90-minute doo-doo coil, you will see that Yamasato is actually struggling to make a wonderful flick. The characters are trying to show a great show of donkeys such as Crimson Tide but come closer to Marine. <br /> <br /> Work to decorate is the tip of the ice. Camera alarms are bad. The story is a movie of C for the best - the plot is not even recommended to be considered a caliber of the B-movie. The discussion tries to be strong and bold, but it gives us everything else. Rumor has that hard copy of the screenplay really attracts flies. More, the techno score scares ... not because it's techno, but because it's NON-STOP. That is true, music plays back all the time, doing as a subliminal memory of this thing is bad. I don't care what the charges of refusing, I don't get. BOTS was not made bad for the purpose, because it takes itself too bad for what it was: joke. This "movie" was a very small budget. But that is not an excuse for his keeping a record of sugar. The great film is the birth of the substance, not the budget. BOTS didn't. Allow me to continue explaining the great power of losing 90 minutes: if I had three ways with Jessica Alba and Jessica Biel in front of the TV and the blood of the samurai came, I'd like to be out more than Steven Seagal in Executive Decision . <br /> <br /> Of course, other people will try to protect the film. Two, maybe three. They will say, "is a chop-socky grindhouse!" or "cheesy in a good way!" or "it's so bad, it's good!" These people are lovers. The movie is good, or it's bad. There is nothing like a good bad movie. But there are such things as idiots that like crappy movies. Don't do wrong; there are a lot of video-based movies that are not available-out that are interesting and enjoyable. Slither is one. BOTS is not. <br /> <br /> This suckfest runs one and a half hours, and in my humble opinion, it's 90 minutes too. The best thing about this "film" is the DVD cover, so next time you are approaching the bin-bar DVD DVD, watch - don't put it, just look - and go quietly.
