I entered this film with great optimism. Normally, I am not also about my movies and the creation of the organism * always * enjoy watching, or so I thought. I will put a good list of this movie: - The effect of the creature. All creatures were made well, their movements were real, and they were good for other pictures. Being honest, the effects of creation are the only reason I gave this film 2 instead of 1. Now, bad things: - Acting. Good Lord, I have seen a bad act, but this film takes a cake. Not one of the characters is even * almost * reliable. It's like the director sent a call and took the worst experiments from him. I worked very hard not to scream, because I didn't want to accuse anyone in the theater, but acting really was BAD. -Theory of the story: The whole story is full of holes of the plot from beginning to end. You can take at least 5 holes from any 30 minutes of film. The holes of the plot, of course, are fascinating with cheese. This may be one of the most clichéd, not thought-out, and the most amazing stories I have ever seen to put on the screen since I was lucky enough to stay one night and look at the Parasite at SciFi station. -The dialogue: This is a world where everyone says a few and few things that are possible, every chance they can. In this world, it seems like every verse has said earlier in at least 30 other low budget movies. It is the world of cheese and cliché. - Special effects. While the effects of the organism were so amazing, special effects have failed too. Yes, they are much better than what was seen in other movies, but much of it is in presentation. And this film does not have any displays. It seems like a special effects used on the Power Rangers TV show, being honest. In general: dragon wars do not accept your time or your money. The concept is good, but it stands in the wrong direction, act, talks, and fun of the film. Wait until the next big movie of the monster comes out. It should be better than this, because the battle of the dragon is terrible.
