King Emperor will certainly succeed in Thailand where records of the box of the "Legend of Suriyothai" box are similar (but better). The film directed by Lek Kitaparaporn after screenplay and Sean Casey according to the historical fact in 1547 Siam has some of the most exciting features of the fascinating but has been destroyed by one of the foot feet and story development on the film. The event is related to the arrival of Portuguese fortune fortune Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch) whose revenge for the murderer of the father has chased him, captured and thrown into slavery and put a bloc in Ayutthaya in the kingdom of Siam where he is bought by a beautiful Mary (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of his father Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and past that is revealed as the story continues. There is a conspiracy to destroy King and Fernando and his new player Siamese Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after some independence of the CGI enhanced military art, is the first payment for the King to become his patron, just closed together once the Queen Sudachan ( Yoe Hassadeevichit is revealing his plot to kill the king and child to allow his beloved Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart) to take control of Siam. But surely Fernando and Tong are fleeing and are charged to fight each other to save their family (Tong and wife's children and Fernando has now done something of love with Maria) and the results mentioned. Acting (except John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the film is often seen as a means of becoming a camp. The great Thai struggle was designed and unintentional, and made us want to use their native Thai and subtitles. The music mark by Ian Livingstone looks like though it has been removed from the old TV soap. But if it's the beauty of the next picture after there is a lot of it and that it alone makes the film worthy to watch. It is a film that has definitely on financial aid for all special effects and civilians thrown and set and shows its good goals. It's just the grounds that don't exist. Grady Harp
