Okay, I can't reflect this film in detail. I see many historical reviews before me, and as I am generally like Maria de Medeiros, I have been scary for a long time to comment - and thus almost nearly a year has passed. But every time I see the DVD on my shelf, I feel an inner ring. Otherwise, let the political sounds bother me! But for other cinephiles like me - beware. It was shown in simple and dignified words, here's my position: <br /> <br /> Political shock and overtaking the past for this film also served as a backdrop of a lifetime my - through the magazines I read every day in the center of Europe-pub. At that time, I followed the media, but I did not know exactly what was being transported. Journalists liked to report either in non-assistant words, or in a conservative, which incited groups of peace-keeping or opposing rebellion against the establishment. That was the time when another chaotic wind ran through Paris, Berlin, Prague, and various places in the United States, which are their issues that I understand clearly at the time - but dictatorship or not, my papers liked to treat Portugal's independence - not as good A good "bad kingdom", using the words of the war-star flippant. So, a week after week, I read the tension, but I never found a mental editor that could give back to their history, or assess the social and economic effects of dictatorship, etc.. So, in buying this film, I had at least two hopes: to finally understand the details leading up to social chaos, and enjoy a good game. This film did not give me. <br /> <br /> The film shows that viewers already have a lot of knowledge and feelings about historical facts. And the celebration - well, as I said, I want to encourage Maria de Medeiros and the film industry of Portugues, but - it was so bad and unknown. I got a copy of the DVD from France - "The Cannes 2000 Elections - Un Certain Regard". The box shows the clean-performing actors, leading to the victory sign in the style that reminds me of more than the Bunny Playboy. Having seen that work, I was surprised at what French could think - although it is a piece of "verite cinema" that is deeply rooted in ethnic content, I can understand their natural nature of praise for its "trust". <br /> Look behind the box: "Un regard laleuruex sur la Revolution" - a warm thing? Try to describe the loss and murder of Allende for "hot views"! Try with Czechoslovakia in 1968! Try with the entire revolutionary line, and civilian rebellion! Another view: Maria de Medeiros gives her baby, her son and her story. "Dirty, trash, rubbish! I am small for me. <br /> <br /> I love Portugal In all Europe, Lisbon, Barcelona and Prague are my very popular cities but my love for the city and the country is not out of the film. I will continue to rely on my old VHS zones of Capas Negras and Cancao de Lisboa - at the same time, I have a 2 belt with a top head that can also go to the trash.
