As with most of the consultants, I saw this on Starz! On demand. After looking at the preview with my partner, she decided to explore it from observable observations. I, on the other hand, thought it seemed to be enough to ensure check. I mean, the program of Dr. The eye alone confirmed at least a short over this head. After looking at it, I can say that when there are some interesting things (ie browsing on a notebook and trying to learn an incomprehensible story), it's best to pass this. > <br * * o o o * Baada 3 months later, the band tries to decide whether they will go to the album or not. To try and see what Cassidy would like, they go to see her old friend of her mind, Dr. Eyes, and try to contact him through him. In his card readings, Dr. The eye returns four direct deaths to the other four remaining members. Bad times are ahead. (I wanted to do something that later in the film, explains that the Death Card represents only a change. Kudos for them at least.) Even without the approval of their dead friend, they decide to proceed to the album. But during the bathroom, Cassidy's best friend, Dora, takes a few of her dead friends. When another band member comes in to look at her, Dora is standing in the dark, begging her glasses. At that time the murder begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with films from the availability is that it appears to be heavy made by mistake. Many effects of fighting, unwanted zooms, and a lot of other harmful effects this film. Unusual stories do not have any help either. When the details come together in the first place, once Cassidy is awakened, everything falls. We have reduced-between Cassidy and Dr. The eye (which secretly entered the building is closed), which shows that they are connected in some way. However, within a few minutes of that revelation, we see that Cassidy is actually being free from the Eyes. Then he returns to the boy who was helping him to take revenge and he isolates himself in a way that reminds Jack Nicholson as The Joker. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> From this point, the place where Cassidy is displayed, but there are wonderful lapses as a character goes from part to section around the sequence. One place we see Cassidy standing on the desk, when the character comes in, is not available. As he walked behind the desk, we saw him at the end of the hallway. Then in another room that takes the keys (which Neil already has), then come back again. Not to mention that from one time to the next, Cassidy's feelings seem to be perfect 180 without a recipe. At one time, he wants to kill everyone (though he only injured 90%) - next apologizes to everyone and walks out of the door of death again. Confusion sound? That's because it's. It's a jumbled mess that I'm sure the author could not even think. <br /> <br /> For the exhibition, many are mainly wood. Some though it is interesting, but in general this is not a known piece for doing so. The story is the driving force behind this piece.
