STUDIO 666 (published in the UK) is another low-slasher which has a direct appearance of the DVD's. <br /> <br /> While most of the movies directly to the DVD are fast - interesting or uncomfortable in a bad situation — that's good, STUDIO 666 is a sad disappointment. At the time of writing, all comments on the first page include negative rating and inappropriate inspections. Each of these people has nailed the nails on the head. Two people (during writing) who wrote comments for 10 out of 10 should not be taken seriously. They have indeed seen slasher slides and have a little bit of fear. The only best way I can do about this film is that it is more suitable than CHOKE and ONE OF THEM, two slasher films that do not like my worst enemy! <br /> <br /> This movie program must be done hundreds, if not thousands times. The movie just has a little twist (and one that is badly addressed) for normal expectations. A problematic singer commits suicide. Recently, his spirit returns to possess one of his friends who live. The man said that a friend continues to be killed. One of the conspiracy is very strange in general. You will only need to see it, and give your interest still not to the point of disappearance of course. <br /> <br /> Work in the film is very poor for the most part. Migiza who played Dora was different for this. His character was always interesting and cheat when he was on the screen. Helps lift the movie on modern similar efforts. Unfortunately, some of the lines given to say were written badly to put it gently and thus prevent him from saving the film. It was very bad. The criminals did not seem to be worse, every murder was not worried or tension, the situation was not there and the function of the camera was very basic. Some special effects (if you can call that song) reminded me of a TV series, STORIES MAILING. Unfortunately for the producers of this film, the STORTS of the news were written in writing, reliable displays and made good use of camera angles. Maybe if the producers looked at the same television series, they could take some techniques that could save this excuse for the film! <br /> <br /> Music is not allowed entirely by the sound of the movie. It's just rock music and not the best models of this type either. Don't make me started on a terrible song that you played earlier! Some films, especially dialogue, do not suggest an unusual way. Unfortunately they don't have enough funny to transfer the movie up (or should be down) on a bad-so-good level. Generally, STUDIO 666 is a common slasher of mundane with very little known things. I recommend this only to those who are fans of movies directly with the DVD and have a desire to see every slasher ever made.
