I hope the viewer looking at the 'Dream Machine' as one of the best of Corey Haim and the “best-century movies” were giving birth. Is my anger not good? I am really hoping for that. The Dream Machine 'The first mark of the long line of mediocre capers which will blow the rest of the work Corey Haim (except' Rollerboys' prayer that was awesome respect). Here, Haim has a young university boy, Bernie, who claims that the winter car will attract her girlfriend's attention. Lucky to Bernie, a rich woman with the intention of returning to her husband's cheat, quickly taking decisions to pay her repurchaser of the faithful piano - Bernie - for gifts: Porsche Turbo. However, unbeknownst to the woman, and unfortunately for Bernie, it is that her dead husband was killed and her body was hidden in the trunk. Now, that in this film, bodies don't seem decaying or having funk instead of dirt, Bernie doesn't know this. In fact, the unresponsive boy doesn't know that what causes it is dirty despite unusual circumstances. Specifically, the grizzly person follows him closely, and desperate to find the body without consideration. <br /> <br /> This is the lowest level of compensation as many Haim films like this is (see The Double O Kid). Despite being part of the action, make a romantic romance, this film fails to provide a wide spectrum of interest for at least the first forty-five minutes that filmmakers take more time to show a quick problem (ie Bernie owns The car and the body of the corpse, and the man who found out that Porsche would be difficult to find). After this, and thanks to the worst actor and Haim (I loved this child too, but it is not too dirty to admit when he cannot do well) and the lack of immediate and emergency intervention between Bernie and the villain that makes a lot of unforeseen events and therefore , not available. In order to add a wound to the verbal, the voice of the voice was frightening and more appealing as the obvious songs you would like to hear on the American Team (see the "date" montage). Corey's Faithful Hairs should, however, should not be shocked to see their boyfriend in abundance. However, some understand that Haim's work is possible when he is 14 or 15 years old and has never been rehabilitated, it can expect independence, as viewers will only look at the early 90's b-comedy fluff pass time.
