There seems to be a number of films like this released during 70 years. And the fact that I can't remember the head of one of them is far from their effects. These are what journalists will call 'pot-boilers'. They are more difficult than a car to put a movie star in the public eye. We have Micheal Caine, Peter Ustinov, Omar Sharif, Rex Harrison and William Holden; more than enough names to find bums on cinema seats. Every taste in the hero is used. Although one suspect that many of the viewers still have gone disappointed. <br /> <br /> Their talents are simply thrown away, and I wonder that the stars and money and the same reputation can still be bad or missing in good sense. This type of movie is not recommended to add CV. Sometimes the executives should choose their director instead of other ways. It was very clear that it would fall even since the beginning. That is the best music of jaunty-jazz, which also lost every time the noise of the event was needed, had the atmosphere of muzak Muzak. Who thought of employing the Jazz band when the area of ​​the Central African forest, or sub-Saharan Africa and cameras and palms like back? Definitely big ball. Ennio Morricone would know what to do; and the result would have circled enough atmosphere and tension to increase my rating two good points. The director would have to take a look at the 'Lawrence of Arabia', or even west of Sergio Leone; he could learn a few things. But again, maybe not. Alfred Hitchcock played a lost wife theme for a good effect on her 'Frantic' film. It was later reviewed by the same size of Harrison Ford. In each case the combination around his loss and the tension of the eviction was seen. Here, when Michael Caine could be forced to hire a little brain and courage, Rex Harrison continued to go out of no-where as old old genii, allowing him to monitor at any time the story descended. At least the picture was beautiful, and the best use of the most beautiful environment. But then the dumb's music should blow up the pipe and the atom that has been made a little. Action events were also created and destroyed, and the process of struggle that could not be organized in the first way that could be carried out in the first class of drama. And, of course, players should fight the jazz monitoring - as you do. <br /> <br /> And that's about many views as this product deserves. Except to say that the script was too hard. <br /> <br /> Close your hobby on this. Even if you have given your favorite movie stars, you are also sure you are broken.
