So I took this from Netflix because someone gave me the Roger Ebert book "I hated it, hated it, hated this film" and paid this to a rare level of stars in the book and said the end of its previous review "Mad Dog Time should be cut off" to give liberty to the poor. So I saw from Ebert saying that I would see it as bad as he said. I know many societies say I don't listen to critics and judge myself but I can't explain how much I hated this junk piece like Ebert did and since the Ebert's "North" revolution of Rob Reiner where he said he hated that ten films I had heard of these reviews. The modern hatred of hatred. Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster which I don't think would be hard to see Dreyfuss as a gangster if the screenplay of this movie is well written. But on all other things it was wrong on this "movie" I can tell you that the script was not properly written. When the film begins with Jeff Goldblum saying that he enjoyed watching a girlfriend of Dreyfuss while Dreyfuss was in a movie crime movie begins with a good conversation after opening a credit. But after 4 or 5 minutes another 85 minutes only have dumb characters talking to useless rubbish for 30 seconds then someone gets shot. Then there is a whole bunch of jokes about Dreyfuss being mentally ill. Haha. It's not funny. Then we find the unhappy and unpopular area that has distorted the "Sin Sin" of Frank Sinatra dancing with Gabriel Byrne for a more insulting Dreyfuss. Of course because the screenplay is written on the level of the sixth grader Dreyfuss shoots Byrne more than five times by Byrne just will not die. What? We are like the attentive audience even caring or getting that gently funny? In fact I can tell you I was not worried or get it funny. Not only have I been misled by Dreyfuss (who is very interested in the actor) by producing and starring on this trip but I have also been ignored by Jeff Goldblum because this was released the same year "Independence Day" was an exciting film on the year and finally one of the successful films more in history. Did Goldblum feel that "Independence Day" would be located and then take on the next role given to him to make money if "Independence Day" was a bomb? Oscar winner and two silver money making money in history find what you enjoy so much about this? The opening of the "Mad Dog Time" says that the movies are installed on another planet. I just want now I lost 93 minutes to look at this litter that would have been left and opened on the planet where it is allegedly done so that everyone on this planet can never here this waste of 93 minutes out of my life that I will never come back again . Ebert says the movie should be cut not very good I'm afraid. Every copy of the "Mad Dog Time" should have gasoline poured over it all with fire. I have never been on the worst movies I have ever seen because this has won the title as a bad movie.
