It is a disappointment for Olivia D'Abo who plays the heroine of the film, Robin, having Keanu Reeves to be very great in the art of the film box (and at least on a recent renewal, having only Reeves appear on the box), considering that he was a star. I realize that it is his name which will eventually sell this old forgetful After School special, but at least give the woman a credit. In spite of this, this should be one of the films of youth games that I have ever seen, and it strives to add not only every young boy and films made from class wars between fun gymnasts. for the love of the boy. And, by striving to somehow save themselves as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with music in one of the scenes of the dance dance is even quite close to Michael Sembello 'known Maniac' which was popular with Flashdance, or was another way around? . It comprises the drums of the same as bad, even the 80s drums and corny drama games between the heroine and his opponent, who is involved in his achievements and his ability on the team. We saw this in Trashin '(a green shelf joust) and Rad (BMX playing on prom, although it was not a lot of competition, but for fun) for example. In fact, this film has become a very odd, such as a certain homo-erotic flat in the Army Army's clothing and Robin and his friend from the team. However, the film is about a young girl who comes from poor history. Then on the great need to reduce from the audience as much mercy as possible, she lives with her sick mother, sister who felt, and her careless (and less) father. Without saying, the homelife is not recommended. Add a mix, a talent of practice, but a few obstacles to join a team (including the problem of pride, snobby, and coach who is also struggling to do his best). And, of course, we can't forget that he has eyes for one of the boy's boyfriend who is a lover of concerned partners, and they don't have a permanent partner (though Keanu as Tommy later comes into the picture). What? Could this child be more concerned? And it seems that one mess after another comes along with his own shame in his long, redundant pain, and clichéd to prove that it is worth everyone. But, even when a great cheesiness that has a lot of films, it is not worth mentioning that a major barrier to this film is a bad acting and conversation. (I would like how a coach of sports exercises appears suddenly at dinner in the middle of dance-beat players). It makes the 'Wonderful Stories' looks like Shakespeare. I think anyone who can get this film and watch it today is probably attracted to the cause of nostalgic. Since you can be satisfied, but it's also enough game to be forced. So, Caveat Emptour.
