I accept the problem I have and many movies to celebrate Ealing now I can see. For my taste, either black and rippingly funny, or so light in the tone that unsatisfying as comedies or stories. That is a very important way to say that I wanted to love a "White Man" but I found myself dealing with his time to run. Sidney Stratton's servant (Alec Guinness) may be slow in a manner, but he is trying to make progress in his way of making his fabric with a broken or dirty fabric. Using a factory laboratory for its latest experiments, he works against all physical and human limitations - the latter being the head of the mill who do not understand what he is coming to, and then making it more determined to stop him. br>> <br /> "It's a small idea like yours that stands in the way of development," Sidney complains, making a mirror trying to tell a person. One problem with the "Man in White Direction" is that Sidney's vision of development has had very little motives, too, even more than that of older or workmen who also love his work. My problem is more important: For comedy, "White Suit" is not funny. It is a hard script that often tries to beat its effort in humor from hostage, it takes twice, it takes three times, and it tends to take. The best snake is the sound of the machine Sidney serves, going to "Bleep-Blop-Bleep-Bop" without keeping and keeping Queer looking from every visitor to Sidney takes away his miracle from them or blows it. If everything else of the lost humor works effectively in this film, it depends on a very long time. <br /> <br /> I've never seen Guinness under the influence of the film, although it seems impossible for young people and hard (however really in mid-30s). He appears so without blood, even more than the total face of wax played in the "Doctor Zhivago" He is a cool fish like him ignoring the sadness of the girl affecting the mill who offers to give her life savings when she lost her job (Vida Hope as Bertha) or The many bonds of youth of Daphne Birnley (Joan Greenwood), his true partner in the fight against "shabbiness and dirt", as he puts it, and make those words of sound as impossible as the sexy Greenwood only can. <br /> <br /> Help players make "White Suit" works as well as what. Ernest Thesinger of "Frankenstein's grandmother" fame plays one of the worst ranger who looks like Nosferatu and laughs like death. Howard Marion-Crawford as another factory leader is remembered here as playing a blinke officer "Lawrence Of Arabia". Then there is the incredible charm of Mandy Miller as a little girl who steals her little time from the camera from everyone else's. <br /> But many pictures are played correctly so that no one thinks director Alexander Mackendrick had ever worked for the comedy before (his old Ealing dance "Whiskey Galore" does not change that feeling, alas). Roger MacDougall's playback enables the idea of ​​scientific development as a tragedy, but it fails to submit a little Sidney to anything other than the most beautiful lights. Ealing comedies are remembered to capture the humanitarian side of the comedy. Yet the wonders that I have seen have never been seen to do so, working only when they are fighting against our own mercy. "Styles of Heart and Coronets" and "Ladykillers" (Mackendrick again, going to figure) are classics in this way. "White suit", on the other hand, is a useless leg that falls when you should consider, such as a bad suit.
