- can be a vendor ... but I believe, this film destroys itself from beginning to end. I walked on this film with great expectations. It was my own fault. I placed many stocks in Steve Carell's record today. 40 years old ... Little Miss Sunshine ... Office. And I also made the mistake of coming to IMD and seeing the rate of 7.5 users before going to the film. It has always been a very good predictor in the past, but something is definitely far away soon. At last I felt embarrassed and in this pain in the cinema movie was looking for "Blue Blue" in 1990. <br /> <br /> This flick was broken from beginning to end. Script was a flunky material. Write sad around. "The murderer of love"? "Love is capable"? Anyone who wrote this trick found the same persecution that struck American journalist ... trying a waaaaayyyyyy very hard. The whole Flick was faced with the time of the Third Company as a terrifying and mixed swimming area. Or an empty / confused area of ​​aerobics. Or the right area of ​​the laundry room. Right when you think something big and / or realistic is about to happen, it kills one of the most horrible moments. And it happens frequently. <br /> <br /> And what is the attitude of Carell? Does this meet the width of the blind in the book store and is suddenly head over the heels with love? Let's say. Their conversation was hit. Both would have to pay their payments after a few minutes. Beware of the initial conversation when you are unfortunate to watch this movie .... Carell's behavior tries to say something that is normal and surprising (I think the real line was "at this time when I was a child" ... that's a very carefully. ), but they all laugh so hard that coffee is about to escape their sores. The actors seemed like they had pain, wondering why they were directed to do what they were doing. Go back to the IMDb item ... you need to identify the way to keep the movie development team on this site. I know it is impossible, but it is very definitely the first 20 or so ratings / reviews were either posted at the age of 12, or for flunky employed by the label. Check out the rating of Stone Stone ... if it's mid-5, then this is quite appropriate to have 2 ... and that's pushing.
