As always, amazing and explosive tractors of Asian films increase even more than enough stories. Similar to Unleashed (which was good,) Dog Bite Dog tells a story where men are raised as angry dogs that make their master tenders. The main actors, the unsuspecting killer, a prostitute who is the same as an uncertain police officer, is far from ordinary heroes and criminals we see often. In fact, at the end, you lose the monitoring of who you should feel, and fail to feel even a little feeling for any of the men? if that was the failure of the director or perhaps the message that he was trying to tell you is for you to decide. Though the beginning of the film was full of confusion and uncertainty, and half-way describes the story of humdrum of life and revenge. The initial suspicions that were recently discovered were lost because of the unmistakable tracks of unmistakable music that has fallen. And at the end, you have left all the details of the history and the identity of the main characters in some way not needed. On the other side, the change in the story from the point to b was atypical completely compared to American films? so those who don't know Asian films and are tired of Hollywood forecasts should explore. The white balance was seen off in many films. It was like looking at a picture on a fluorescent when it should put on tungsten. Maybe I am the only one, but it has caused my eyes. <br /> <br /> The movie also enjoyed playing your technique? an amazing building gives me the hope of a slow moving story until it is turned into a low budget, the fast tracking location. And just when you think you are going to get an indie indie without completing and a combination of Shakespearean tragedy, you realize that it is not the end, but rather a transition to a country-music montage wacky for peace and stability. <Br /> <br /> Providing scenes from behind back-back, during liberation without being allowed to return to savagery and return again in another way, Asian 'fascination with body fluid and awesome music that does not match the film, and you get The usual excitement of the bland of Asia. What can I find every area of ​​war is covered by the lion's parts of the lion? I thought they should mark dogs? Finally, at the end, are we reminded of a true murderer who is still joining us? tetanus. <br /> <br /> 4/10
