After watching this film, I was left with two very annoyances on this film: why did the character of Chen this "McGuyver hit-man" and the character of Lee as an unknown idiot? The character of Chen's character is that he was raised in Cambodian children under the ground for a thirsty blood fighter where they learn to die as a wild dog. This information is experienced early in the area where he gets into the cab and when he starts driving, he shows how he feels the seat belt. Shortly after this area, he has the same situation in the general restaurant. Not only is he learning, he is hungry. This is not a record of the physique of Chen of laughter but for the two events earlier in the film where he chooses food, one of which, to be rice from the floor of the lower deck on an old ship. Not in the first ten minutes of the film, it has been established that Chen is a deficiency of nutrition, unknown, and has only something to go to, its "dog" to fight in some kind of style. Despite this situation, Chen can cancel all police (even manage to shoot at the iron pipe to defeat the boy's head, who had captured the girl of Chen) and somehow gained human power (swings 50 lb block of concrete, plastered at the end) by the steel pipe, by the head of the police chief AS he gets shot in the chest, and the prince said) <br /> <br /> Now Lee character ... okay, I get it, broken, has a certain load, but wow, can do anything right? One time, they are trying to make him good, he is ready and ready to keep the business, and in the second, he has been beaten again. The first part he runs Chen, and can miss him, from an average of 15 ft, often. Near the end of the area, Lee is looking at Chen as a close friend and a colleague being slapped on the neck with a long knife for 5 seconds, with a gun on Chen's face, with a 10 ft. Distance. Even at the end of the movie, Lee can be killed and defeat again. And my biggest problem with this movie is that it has been presented in ways that filmmakers try to get sympathetic listeners and character of Chen and that "kills just live." That would be much easier if I didn't just look Chen to kill innocent people in the whole bad movie. Among many people he killed, only two people were willing to try to kill him, the police chief and Lee. Some were just people eating, boat owners, taxi drivers, and police trying to catch him, not kill. In general, Chen's character is only a bloodthirsty killer who kills for what he wants, even if it is a free journey. (Did I mention she carries one hundred dollars in a lot of films?) My 3 stars go to the work of the director / attractive camera that got good shots. Less down: One given to the fans of Chen growing nut. For me, "Dog Bite DVD"
