I would really like to see this film, and wait for months to get it through our Blockbuster Total Access account. When it was displayed on the letter board, I dropped it directly into the DVD player. I was very disappointed, which therefore made me to. I will give you any opportunity to film, even if I want to walk out of 'stop' media. I looked all the way, but he had nothing from them but confused. <br /> <br /> Acting was very good, but it was about it. Nothing is explained; when we understand that Mathieu becomes depressed and the land in a certain state of the state, we will never be given insight into his 'drop.' When we understand that he and Cedric have broken, again, we don't see it happens or WHY it happened. During an interview with Mathieu's doctor, Cedric shows that he could deceive her immediately, but it was not a big thing. I expected to see this by decreasing, but nothing. We also get the ideas that Cedric brought to the hospital - but AGAIN, we don't see. I know that some movies are 'taking it as' basic, but this film honestly removed me. When Pierre, the old Cedric pointing to the club and began to trouble, we do not see nor hide his hair until the end, and take me a good time to know that Pierre's old. His self-interest in the club and when Mat sees him is quite different. I would even be wrong to say this, it was confused. The movie hopes to know everything and run along its outdoor, outdoor and confused. I can continue with the film 'Pi', 'Citizen Kane' and other films that have had a player / flash-forwards left and right, but CU was not captured and held on the fashion. At the end of 'Citizen Kane', you know what is going on and discover the answer in the main secret. CU just leaves you hanging. It has an air of deception in it 'we can't tell you something that is wrong, we should make it ourselves'. It's like reading a book and the chapters have been changed and pages don't exist. <br /> <br /> Good acting, as I said. I loved the characters, but the whole story was just a disappointment.
