Sitcom "The Lords League" follows the lives of several wonderful residents of the false village "Royston Vasey". Different attributes are linked together and set to normal. <br /> <br /> In the first series, showing a diagram, the main plot deals with a new road that will be built through Royston Vasey. Therefore, more visitors visit a small town. But Edward and Tubbs, owners of "domestic" shop, which is very far from the city, do not like visitors. Every visitor enters his shop, they kill him. In my opinion some events are of an odd type and not quite surprising, for example, when a couple gets two engineers who want to build a new road. Edward's dances, when Tubbs are playing half naked around the victims. Overall Pauline lives in Royston Vasey. She works at the Workplace Center. Although Pauline hates people who can work with her, she doesn't want to open her job. So, when an unemployed gets an interview like a fire, he does not allow him to go because he is still ready for work. There is Barbara Dixton, a taxi driver who goes into information about his gender "conversion". <br /> <br /> Over the vet, Mr. Chinnery, always kills animals instead of healing them. In one case, he comes to the farm and is taken to the bedroom, where the dog sits in his basket. The farmer goes out. By assuming that the dog is a sick animal, Mr. Chinnery encourages him. After the second, the farmer opens the door, holding the "true" animal, the sheep, in his hand. Some more residents are his husband and wife who are visited by their nephew (his friend is killed by shop owners, by the way). Couples are very good. They, for example, towels in different colors. Each color stands one part of the body. Besides, they have thousands of keys, with different colors and formalities. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, participants play very well. By playing women, events feel. Dress is the same for actors, too. Tubbs are wearing scarf and other female characters, eg Edward, causes black teeth. The show has a great deal of dark humor, usually UK. Setting setting shows the status of the series. The village and all the houses are gray and damaged. Close to the local store there is often a mist that enhances the threat of threat. Even the village sign is bad: "Welcome to Royston Vasey. You will never stop." Although I think the actors do a good job, this type of series is not my taste.
