For my "Kool-Aid drinkers" conversation, I mean that these are the fans of Pavarotti's volunteers that they do not attempt to rate this film. This offer 10 is similar to giving Wally Cox Award for Mr. Universe or setting velvet painting Elvis in Louvre !!! When this film started, I remember a savage review and head titles such as "No, Giorgio" and others said it was one of the worst films made. This is obviously overturning too. While bad and far from the great work of art, there was a lot to love about the film and a great shortage of film is not the work of Pavarotti nor its girth. Believe it or not, freedom of blame only sits on the shoulders of the authors (who, I believe, were chimps). It is rare to see a movie with a dialogue such as clichéd or goofy as a fight with food, but even not the heart of the problem. The problem is that the authors expect the audience to care about the "romance" which has a middle-aged woman and a woman who seems to be desperate. Perhaps the European audience may be more forgiving about this, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such a romance seems to be rough and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and "this is just fun". Wow, talk about romantic conversation! Unfortunately, if they had changed the little script and made a widow of Pavarotti or perhaps had his wife to be like a wife from films with the most popular Hollywood movies, such as ALL and KIMU, TOO or SUSPECT (where the wife was so bad and unforgiving you could forgive her a man with something or even to kill him). Instead, she is a loving mother of two children waiting patiently at home when her bed is prepared for the right and left - as Pavarotti admits to have a lot of things before meeting Harrold. <br /> <br /> Sadly, even good Pavarotti music could not save this film. Near the end of the film, there are amazing events in New York where the set is just wonderful and singing to Pavarotti. For this reason, I think the movie at least deserves 3. I liked to make the film more, but it was a very bad film - though it was not damaged as you hear it. Unfortunately, from what I have read, this film may be the art of life following life, as the life of Pavarotti later had a parallel with this film, although this is not exactly a platform to discuss this in detail.
