I have never heard this film until I read an article about it on an unknown movie site, which made me curious. As a painter and model himself, I am grateful for Richard Williams's work - I am testing the Ziggy Gift as one of the most special Christmas of all time, and even though Roger Rabbit stopped being one of my favorite movies when I was over the age of sixteen, I still understand about the amount of work, care and attention to the details that happened to create a picture - but it seems that someone has their mistakes, especially the possibility of going over the budget and more of the schedule, and this film is a teaching about how it is not wrong even a talented person like Williams can go, due to good condition. Raggedy Ann and Andy are a fantastic fun which tries to be wonderful and experimenting out of the wall inside children's bonds. Also trying to be music. Trying to be a thousand things and one as well as - it's freakout? What? Is a mental blow? What is the paean for lack of childhood ideas? - until finally fall under the weight of his own expectations and limits. Very well, in many places, though the nature of the bland would have had little attention, but even that is not very useful when faced with hallucinogenic ignorance that makes a lot of 'step' here. br /> <br /> There are several problems with the film, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy themselves. They are the stars of the show, but they have no reputation. In fact, we get a message that Andy is a tough guy of the wannabe ("I'm not a girl's toy", he sings) and that Ann has a special view on things because her owner, a little girl named Marcella, carries down, but that's all what we got to know about these muddy characters because the enmity of this film hits a short time later. I use the word "enmity" for advice, because some of the amazing films may have great entertainment, but this is flat out wonderful. Toys and dolls in the playroom should be good and recommended, but it is really wonderful and disturbing. The two buttons that make and say everything in sync is the prime example of this. But even they are common compared to the pirate captain of the cheat always, whose mustache becomes stronger and the visible groin grows when he gets first to see the beautiful gold gold. Yes, this should be a children's film! Then there is music, not one that does not remember, and all that sings with actors who can't sing. To add insult to injury, there are many singing in this film. When Ann and Andy finally make out of the play room, the first thing they do is sing a long time in the forest about how to be afraid, about how they will be with each other and ... yes, we get a message. This seems to continue forever, but at least it brings the situation as usual on the film. Not long, though, because the knee-wrapped and camel-wrapped camel leads us into a strange world where everything seems to be made from a denim-filled denim, and - very bad for it is schizophrenic of paranoid - it also begins to talk. But this is nothing compared to the following events. Sneaky, alive, breathing. close, delete, always eat the taffy beach, it is so trippy, creepy and finally distracting, you hardly believe what you see - this is as close to the experience of free psychedelic medicine as I've ever seen on the film. Then, after a l-o-n-g time used by Mjanja, as well as psychologist Sir Leonard Looney and his master King KooKoo, whose seat resembles urine. I can't believe I actually write a capsule caption of a real film here - I just needed to touch my eyes and remind myself that I'm not blogging on a big dream-out dream out I was. Part of the sequence in Looney's country resembles the old pictures of Winsor McCay / Little Nemo, because there is no other reason than someone who feels like he does, perhaps. All this would be good if there is some kind of concept or reason behind it, but it does not exist. These events are just amazing, and very, very long. Surgery works only when there is a strong idea behind it, or it happens against a particular situation. But none of these events shows towards any kind of reality. Remove this feature, and you are left for personal cleanliness. <br /> <br /> If the last events have broken down, even animation begins to appear less surprising (a pirate ship, with detailed knowledge, spinning on water in a way that shows some cels lost during production) and there is no The last event that shows that money has come out. Even for a short period of 86 minutes long, the film feels like an endless problem, and it is understandable why it has dropped on its initial release. The animation sessions will probably start their heads and wonder how Williams could do this carefully, but did, and nothing that a man could do about it.
