Due to just watching the trailer for Theodore Rex, you would think this is a bad friend cop with Whoopi Goldberg and a guy in a costume dinosaur. That is true, but this is a futuristic story, which looks much like Batman Forever with fashion trends and patterns of weird behavior. It was a mark without a mark, and it would have been bought as a future story, rather than just a comedy comedy. If this movie is not stopped, it's still a bad movie. In the future, dinosaurs are raised in amazing technology, and they talk and walk like people. Teddy is a dinosaur detective who has never been taken seriously, but after the death of a dinosaur, he has been given a trial to work, but he needs to be allies with a tough soldier, Katie Coltrane (Whoopi Goldberg). It is up to this duo to solve the murder, and it is for the audience to stay awake long enough to make it through this piece of socket. <br /> <br /> Teddy begins the picture as a normal act of behavior, but in the end she can't fail to listen. For some reason as well as being a detective, he is also a bad player and a bad caller. He makes divisions of famous people and accents, and has some very bad lines. Who is accusing him of wiping and saying, "It's not my trumpet!" Wow! What can be beaten, the sand line, even to the child's movie of this caliber. Who is also angry and worried for everyone. I was hoping Teddy would end his head away from all the length of the film. <br /> <br /> This movie did not know what it wanted to be. When future events and act occurs, no comedy or humor. In any non-action screens, the characters try to be as funny as they can, which only leads to an indirect boredome. Occurrences of work do not work as they are also strong and not strong enough, and as previously mentioned, the comedy is just a gang of killings. No work here. Try to have a dinosaur / duo of human intelligence looks like the original original film, if nothing else. Don't! This movie is a huge deficit of Who is placed Roger Rabbit. Just replace the dinosaurs and cartoons, and put in the future, and it's exactly the same plot. Man is killed, the dinosaur is killed. Dinosaur and detective solving the murder, toon and detective solving the murder. The wicked in the Rabbit Roger is Christopher Lloyd and weasels. The wicked here is a boy like Christopher Lloyd and the boys who act like a bunch. The club area in the Rabbit Roger where Jessica Rabbit walks under the action is followed by dinosaurs. This is the best layout of the best movie! Overall, this is a bad movie, even the same as the VHS standards. <br /> <br /> My rating: 1/2 of ****. 90 months. PG for severe violence, language and bad humor.
