However, one of the most incomprehensible of my country has been hit by the "Western Heads" who cannot understand the esoteric model of the Mother of God in its dark forms. Mother takes the kind of Kali Mata to destroy our local demons, and threaten our egos. And although Kali and Durga are offered blood sacrifices, the events shown in this film are wonderful. The mother takes the form of fury to be angry with our local demons, limitations, and ego when no other form will prevail. It is also in his angry form that he drives off all your Karmas in the "Smashan" fire that grows in your heart by playing with him if you love him, and he will bring you the truth and the truth. The truth and the truth have a dark side and light, which serves the purpose. Mother is an example of the physical world also, she is natural. The situation may be brutal and destroy the balance. You will not have growth and life without death and destruction. It represents the power of destruction for the purpose of new growth and the whole life of the world and the spiritual in the world. It is very angry with me that people who do not know anything about India or divinity can only take one of our beloved Muslims and use him as an affordable pastor to make a low-budget film, which is terrible. How can they take our dear Mother and show her as a fear that makes people cut their eyelashes away? He is just awesome for those linked to their ego and living in deception, lust, anger, and others-in the demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this movie should have a very bad ego of self-deception, and into the inside of the demonic see Kali as horrible and horrible. When ego descends, it becomes an attractive, beautiful, and young form, a fascinating beauty to see that it attracts the whole world. Kali Maa is an old mother, not being beaten for entertainment, let us just hope that in her mercies that will not take the form of wrath for those involved with this film. Waderman's courage to use religion as my own, or the Caribbean Islands such as Santeria, and Vodou which is very true, and other religions to mislead and spread the mysterious things that Western minds cannot understand, it is quite a concern. It is clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathing and believing when you come to this kind of flicks. Maa Maa is really a caring and compassionate mother, whom we have kissed good feet in dedication and love for. And I am glad that my mother is sometimes kind to protect her stupidity from herself and from outside forces. Many magnify the True Maa, who has shown many of God's ways and recognition.
