I watched it immediately after seeing HILLSIDE CANNIBALS so nothing would improve. On top of that stands me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 DAYS LATER and its series. Unfortunately the more I watched the more I found how Danny Boyle was in the past and how much this movie caught 28 WEEKS LATER <br /> One cannot help to identify how much of the franchise 28 that claimed this kind of movie of Italian fear. I strongly believed that ZOMBI 3 should be done in 1980 or 1981 as soon as possible - In this case I would have called my 28-year summary LATER (Geddit?) - but I did not reach this page to get it released in 1988. All production standards are screaming that is a splatter of a low budget starting from the very early part of the decade. I was able to enjoy this film as a fifteen-year-old school in 1982 if it had my partners but not now <br /> <br /> The main problem involves a lack of internal progress. For example some of the zombies are busy with the snail's speed while others can run very fast and have personal knowledge that leads to the last area of ​​ignorance involving DJ. Similarly, some may be killed by face-to-face while others are alive even if they are broken, waiting until you see the fridge, you can only die. Even the main characters faced with this type of scripting emerged where a sudden behavior shows he is a helicopter pilot that guides me to ask why the army has been used to drive a jeep drive to work / <br /> It's obvious you 'remind us of the film The original TRAINING which reminds me of the following 28 films. The terrorist group has broken the scientific foundation that causes all kinds of tragedy and the army that they are trying to kill all those infected by the survivors and long before the finish will do the job normally everyone has died. The problem with this will be reminded immediately how the UK Franchise did better in the big budget. Not only but the 28 franchise will appeal to listeners who think they may have fewer interests on the average movie. ZOMBI 3 will not appeal to anyone but the hardcore splatter viewers
