Head: Zombie 3 (1988) Directors: Many Lucio Fulci, but also Claudio Fragasso and Bruno Mattei Cast: Ottaviano DellAcqua, Massimo Vani, Ring Ring, Deran Serafin <evaluation: <br /> <br /> To fix this flick and get her beautiful background, I gotta start to start. With the beginning of this is George Romeros Dawn of the Dead. When Dawn got 79, Lucio Fulci decided to make a direct safe and call it Zombie 2. That film is just one we know as plain ole Zombie. You know one of which zombie wars and shark! Well, after that flick (called Zombie 2 in Italy) came and made a great chunk of money, Italy decided, heck. Lets make more zombie flicks! These things are made in flour! So Zombie 3 was born. Confused yet? The story of this is only true of the restoration of stories that we have seen in many American flicks that we have seen before this, the best comparison coming to mind is the return of the dead dead. Let's see ... there is a government trying to poison the experiment that will allow people to become zombies. Canister gets free from the population and shebang! We get loads of zombies wanting the human body. A group of people begins to run from zombies and end up in an old abandoned hotel. They fight against live zombies. There was a lot of trouble when playing this film. First and foremost, Lucio Fulci the godfather of a loved one from Italy was ill. So he could not finish this film in the way he wanted. The film was sent to the two directors of Bruno Mattei (Hell of the Living Dead) and Claudio Fragasso (Zombie 4). They did the best to create a film that was already not very good. You see Fulci himself did not have his heart and soul on this flick. He was broken by it. He gave them to the producers and said: "Do whatever you want with that!" And God loves them, they did. <br /> <br /> And that's why women and gents we have a zombie crazy zombie flick with Fulci great reputation like his "director". The main problem in my opinion is that it is such a barren bore! Nothing for anything! After the first few minutes that some terrorists steal toxic gas and the release of an accident, all parts of the flick are a group of unscrupulous characters who do not have any personality that moves from zombies. Now in this other case it can be fun, if # 1 zombie makes and zombie action is really nice and fun with # 2 there is plenty of gore and guts to share. <br /> <br /> Here we get neither! Well, there is a time that you have led there, as an example when some eagles are infected with gas and begin to attack people. That was cool. There is also the area of ​​the head of the zombie that breaks down (in a logical way with all the definitions) and the area where the zombies come out of the reservoir of the hotel left by connecting the feet of the poor girls. But apart from that ... all parts of the flick falls just the ass on his ass. <br /> <br /> Endless on endless events that do not make jack moving the missing plot. That was my main gripe and this flick. The set looks unfamiliar and the art of art is practically nonexistent. I hate it when everything seems to be perfect! I love my b movies, but this just goes down! It's close to the level of z, if you ask me. <br /> <br /> Zombie does? Crap clean. The zombies are all Asian actors (films made in the Philippines) so you can find a group of Asian watch zombies. But that is not the biggest problem since the movie was put on the islands of the Philippines yet. It's looking for zombies that love! They all died with the same clothes for some reason. And what goes through the zombie makes here is a group of black doing (more like smudges) on their faces. One or two applications were much more difficult, but it was still not surprising. Its only a group of goo unknown about the executives faced. So not only this seems slow but zombies look like trophies. These should be dead people! Anyhows, for those who expect a common cold in Flick's Flick don't give up here because this is more than flick someone else. And the two involved (Mattei and Fragasso) did not put the heart and soul in him. In fact, when you see additional on the DVD you will see that when Fragasso is asked about his memory and his feelings about here, he even takes seriously. You can say that she is ashamed and often says "they were just working and they did". And that's my friends, it's the last nail on this flick. There is no love, and no heart puts in this film. So you get half ass, fantastic zombie flick. <br /> <br /> Only for full or people who want to be or see every Flick zombie ever made. Everyone else, don't worry! Testing: 1 out of 5
