In 1979 Lucio Fulci gave his film Zombi. However, because of the early import of the Dead Dawn of George Romero, which had come out of that name for its release to Italian, it was given to Zombi 2. (That also had a bonus to allow viewers to think this was sequel for the second) Romero movie. Continue with this theme, the second film of Zombi, which would be called Zombi 2, was the name of Zombi 3. In England, the original Zombi film (ie, Zombi 2) was called "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue this theme, the second film of Zombi (Zombi 3) ​​was called "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for the release of the UK. (Are you looking for all this?) So if the Animal Beast is a Dawn of Fulci, then is the Day of the Dead? Although this is only a strict investigation, this aspect of military compounds, helicopters and plodding details actually carries the similarity of ethical equality. Some of the European leadership of Fulci prohibit the film like this, but acting, dubbing and text-heavy script is very bad. His ecological mission should be forced and increased power cannot be considered to be small, while there is a bird (without pretending) of hilarious worship. Combining this last element with the MOR 80 rock is not a good idea. For some reason I couldn't stop thinking of Apes (q.v.) all the time I was looking at this. That's not a good thing. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing here to fight dive, fighting the shark zombies and eyeballs on the splinter, Fulci's misogynistic leanings get to work out with mouth mouth mouth cleaner until it loses blood. The last year's chickens also see a weak hand. Both items are connected when the woman's face is removed, first for a single zombie, then the fetus's end of the pregnant woman's stomach. <br /> <br /> Wise production, this is clear from Zombi's point, coming five years later. (Nine years in release words around the world). But without the original charm of the key facing, while the music of Stefano Mainetti is useful and unfit for work. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things about the movie '79. Here the zombie attack is hit by what is seen regardless of Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out For A Hero". In the midst of this massacre we find the interest of love, and Roger and Kenny, two types of bland eyes that make everything for quick action and always show the obvious. ("We are out of the shot" for the gun was stuck to a certain stand). But where it also falls down is the zombies themselves. The bottom or not button, Fulci's original size was real, decomposed zombies. Skull faces, worms in eye bags ... actually were something to see. On the other hand, this inappropriate monitoring opens for many traditional people "with a little choice of color on their faces" option. The highest rate says many movies of Romero even being funny, while the use of DJ is a cheap media tool. You do not have the same features of anger and the first shortage, this is not possible to have the same reflection of worship. It turns out that Fulci actually walked out of the project after the information that only fifteen minutes, others were shown by Bruno Mattei. I am sure that even Fulci could spread to the “head of the head of the head” interesting, and thus give the director a good sense of departure. Unfortunately, however, his name is on the title of the film in the releases, so a large number of people will be left with the feeling that this is Fulci film through and through. At the same rate it is a great hindrance to it, since this film makes what you think Fulci could see as the worst crime of all: terrible.
