This movie was recently released on a DVD in the United States and eventually I had the opportunity to see this hard gem. It came with a preliminary review of other Italian scholars as "SPASMO" and "BEYOND THE DARKNESS". Unfortunately, the review was the best thing about this film. "ZOMBI 3" in an incredible manner is actually linked to Lucio Fulci "franchise" which started in 1979. Similarly compared to "ZOMBIE", "ZOMBIE", "ZOMBI 3" has a scope and A few of the worst actors who continue to erase this waste of "fear". Gore is almost nonexistent (unless a person is afraid of people walking around with green smoke on their faces) and English dubbing is summarized under shame. This program now includes some kind of military work with a group of unknown scientists (ie a male and female female) who develop some kind of chemical called "One Death" required raise the dead. Unless my ears need to be investigated, I do not even remember REASON for a "One Death" study. It seems only EXIST to destroy the poor soul who made the mistake of choosing 'stars' in this laugh-fest movie. However, "One Death" is a pilot on the corpse (which I swear it looks like Yul Brynner), and after being inserted into his system, he stays the same as his head rises! Sound effects are also hilarious - as the surface of the dead bubbles with green pitch, the sound of 'crumpling paper' can be heard. The "One Death" Toxin is run out and is a 'hi-jacked' and a group of thieves where one does that, but he protects himself after refusing to open the open door. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, the guy returns to be a zombie, but not before his escape time for a cheap motel, affects the small door and kills the maid by pushing his face in the bathroom mirror (!). The military force of this and immediately take action before 'remove' everyone who cannot fail to be within the 'dirt area' and turn the motel. They get an infected thief and burn his body, just have smoke infecting a group of birds that cross over the chimney (!) Hole. We cut for the introduction of a group of men who are on leave from the army, listening to the "groovy" music that comes from a little dinky box when following the trailer-load of girls who hang out of the windows and show the chest. Can someone say "zombie food"? We also have a small plot involving a girl and her boy driving where they stand to inspect the airline of the airline ... the same birds that were infected by the 'zombie' smoke! Airplanes attack a girl and a girl driving on a gas station to seek water. This is one of the most amazing moments of movies. He walks around this dirty, stiff and clear building where it continues to ask for a voice, "HELLO, EVERY HOME? He meets a bunch of zombies, one that is locked by the wall (!). around the bottom, he runs but not before hitting the gas station and its lighter. It is the same time, the airplane attacks the load of the corals and one girl gets pecked and infected. The first happened, and this is when the second hilarious film takes place. After hours of hours (one day for more), the same motel has been taken in the dust, it has the vines in it, and it seems to have been sitting for many years However, it is a better place to flee than this building? Without saying, the group begins to break down as a few people go together to engage in an extraordinary situation involving the attack. this is a zombie. The third term of a hilarious term involves a man and woman who explore the abandoned village, which the woman says, "PALA is a DUMP!" He keeps getting 'pushing' on the balcony and zombie into the pirahna (?) The affected water where he has his feet taken off and turns into a zombie within seconds! At the same time, his friend back in the motel who found the horn and catching HOURS early still continues to get into the zombie! Unfortunately, there are so many variations in this film that makes this movie very stupid in words. For example, the amount of time about people infected with 'zombified' differs greatly. Sometimes it takes seconds, sometimes it takes hours. Some zombies run away, others blow their feet and walk very slowly. Some even make up the kung-fu, while others hide under grass bags for people who are surprised. Some zombies even talk! The funniest time of the head is the head of the zombie in the frid fridge which 'raises' itself in the middle of the air and the 'attack' man who is looking for food. Happy enough, her lover gets her throat broken and part of "without head" (LMAO!). My great desire for me though it is a lack of lines of stories involving people who are actually murdered by zombies. We can't see them coming back like zombies, the only thing we've seen 'zombified' is those who are hit by birds and one girl who loses her legs. Besides, I was expecting a couple who were killed in the kitchen and / or someone killed on the bridge to return as zombies. It is also amazing that these zombies only take 'little bit' and then move their next victim. The best time was the zombie fetus. An infected pregnant woman lies in bed in the hospital. A woman who seems to have a lot of 'medical knowledge' is trying to give her baby (!) And her face is given by a zombie, before she has a head that moves into a woman's stomach where the hand breaks and relaxes her face. Not available! <br /> <br /> As always, all the characters are full displays of this type. A military military officer, attractive women who do not mean to be killed, open characters who want to be killed (ie, look for someone who chases chickens!) I think this movie is a comedy. There were many interesting events, such as a hand grenade with a hand (obviously the area where the whole budget was used) and the weather area where someone screamed, "I am THIRSTY .... THIRSTY FOR YOU BLOOD!". Dress is very bad - the same zombies occur at all of the film, wearing the same Asian-like clothing that can be found in the film Bruce Lee, and look at the blue skirt 60 girl on the motel is wear when she and her boyfriend come into the infected person . At the end of the film it opens the door as usual for the line of surgery. DJ radio who tells in the entire movie turns out to be a zombie himself and warns his audience about the 'beginning of the end' when the two survivors go to the helicopter. It is impossible to "DAWN OF TIME" if you ask me. <br /> <br /> Regardless, this film gives many emotions. Gore is small, and what is there, it's not too much, leave it alone. The most common blend of black blood, the white green goo out of crying sores and 'zombie make-up' consisting of moss green. "ZOMBI 3" makes a good rental for a sleepy night or a night of beer with popcorn. Other than that, awesome fans should stay away. Over 3 out of 10
