Zombi 3 starts as a group of armed men to steal experimental chemicals to strengthen the dead, while trying to run away from the person being hit on a chemical instrument. A person finds a green chemical in the wound in his hand which immediately turns into a meat cannibalistic eating. In a few hours the neighborhood walks through the body of Easting undead on looking out for the clean victims, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and its military partners find themselves in great trouble as they stand to help Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her friend Lia (Deborah Bergammi) who has been hit by a zombie bird (!). General Morton manages the situation and has prevented the death of a zombie spread throughout the world! But will he and his men succeed? The Italian film produced by Italy's Italian film star Lucio Fulci but the story goes to the stroke and therefore could not finish the film Franco Gaudenzi asked the director of the second unit Bruno Mattei & author Claudio Fragasso to enter and finished the film. It seems Mattei & Fragasso did more than just finish it really ignored a lot of Fulci footage shot & added their own own & Zombi 3 ended up as almost directly 50/50 split. The Fragasso script is quite a mess, no matter what is considered and is as stupid as it gets. Featured zombie attacking people are not only technically inept but the whole idea is just amazing. The zombies themselves have no position, look at the place where Patricia is on the bridge & the zombies are slowly sliding around but then look at the area in the early where they were attacked by zombie and machete because someone runs around as much as in the steroids, then for no wise about 10 minutes Before the film finished the zombies suddenly develop the ability to speak which also looks daft. There are many things that are wrong with Zombi 3, the scene after a very thoughtful and irregular step, unhealthy and unsuspecting English-speaking disconnect. Then there is a shameful place where the head of a zombie into the fridge suddenly is able to fly through the air and swallow a neck, a place where the boy is wearing a dirty white suit at the end is almost killed Kenny & Roger but instead of using their gun directly try and kill them by hand, even when Kenny blows himself yet they refuse to use their guns and when Kenny begins to beat all they refuse to use their guns and it is one of the most striking scenes ever put on the film and then there is the end where Kenny takes off at the helicopter but can't relax down down to literally a few seconds take picky up & then load the zombies suddenly rises from under some grass piles, what? Since when the zombies hid themselves still under the holes of grass? All of these can be 'fun' but you believe it is not, it's a very bad film that just appeals to it, repeats it and does not work at any level as entertainment except for its improper performance. It is difficult to know who is responsible for what exactly but no image has been smoothly. It has no sense of feeling about it and for some reason the actors have tried to swim every area in the mist, the problem is simply to have one machine of mist and you can see that on one corner of the mist screens it seems to be stronger than it comes directly out the machine and crush out as it spreads in the area. Since much has been installed during the day it does not add any kind of atmosphere and when they get right & mist is evenly spread across the screens it just looks like they shoot the scene on the day of foggy! The direction is poor without any position and it just looks & feels under the stuff of the barrel. Even the blood & gore is not very much, there is a gory hand separating at the beginning, an area that is missing out of the womb of a pregnant woman, a pregnant woman (what took her feet into the pond through & why did not take her feet away from the boy who came out to save him?) And good requests to look good are just as he gets. For anyone who expects to see the delightful act that Fulci has served regularly during the 70's and early 80 years he will be very desperate, there are no respectable feats, no bowels, no 'shots' and a little bit quite a year. . In fact the film is inadequate, the special effects are looking for cheap, the movies are lighter, the music is awesome, the sites are bland and has a low production value. This was actually a bullet in the Philippines in order to put down a minimum cost. The whole film is so great, acting still seems to be bad though the English version seems to be written by someone who doesn't understand the language properly. Zombi 3 is not good for Fulci Zombie zombie fest Zest 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it at all without the head of money. Sorry but Zombi 3 is an amateur mess of the film, it's boring, useless, not funny enough to be entertaining & does not lack any respectable year. One to avoid.
