When I finally had the opportunity to watch Zombie 3 (Zombie Flesheaters 2 in Europe) on importing 2 Japanese dvd, I was beaten off with how this epic epic entertainment is.The transfer is just about clean, as good as it's ever going to look except the anchor of the Anchor holds it.The cloud really looks like appropriate and you can really appreciate the best makeup and the fx gore. Sounds are also strict. It's just a 2 channel dolby but if you have a receiver with Dolby Prologic 2, you can really appreciate cheesy music (in fact a very good score), and effectively though they have sound effects. It did not have a very good voice, and the best transfer adds to the overall enjoyment. I've never noticed how much blood gets into this film, it's very brutal by shooting the head, blowing puss to fill the breath of mega, the rejection of the throat of the zombies, the woman being burned away (how it was not and stimulate the boy too), stomach intestines, children of zombie and much more i track losing. This is not a doubt for fans of the difficult Zombie action, especially the Italian type.There are the best pieces and movies available, I think people don't get enough credit, if you see clean printing, and not a copy of The terrible pirates, it's all the other experience altogether. This film has not enabled you again for a second time, and I see it is against practice, acting is hard, and the dislike of being celebrated is in good style, but that is part of the charm. This is one of the best scary films, you can't make this bad, good, deliberate film. It is a brilliant crash system. They played for laughing would have been a tragedy, but played for it directly as an arrow and the result is a cult of cult worship which thumbs are nose to normal and traditional levels. <br /> <br /> Tons of operating procedures, foreign sites, excellent design, good, sometimes gre at the amazing performances, with skill to work, and unsuitable conspiracy, but still an interesting plot, serious consequences of makeup, beautiful women who can run fabric, better music, and sometimes pleasing, sometimes pleasing, but always pleasing to zombies. How you can go wrong with this film, it has all, the classic worship that stands the test of time.
