Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this film, and I did it. Still, I wanted to be happy to have another film of a zombie that was worth losing me, and it was notnt. This was a kind of fun. This was not safe, it was not the worst that I participated in one of the many films of Id's yet. And I don't care very much because of any excuse of Fulci, he had no excuse for this film to go the way it was. This was a bad film every way, but I can't give less than 4 out of ten, that's what I did, because it was well ... at least I could laugh at this film's misfit. <I was thinking these zombies, which were on the ceiling of these buildings everywhere ... they had to think that they had disrupted as hell so they crawled on their fingers, and they put themselves on top of the stone erections, or felt the fake of animals living sheep to fly around, so they stepped up with several bombs of the sky. Hell, what else to do when you are dead? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh at some zombies to do what seems to be martial arts swings, kicks, and jump, and some shambling about like traditional meatlovers. I liked my eyes on an overhead head that has never been described. I looked at the horrible joy as the country they had, Phillipenes, was completely closed with a mist, a huge amount of mist, and that the ponds were like boiling pot. I should have even moved when I saw that the treatment program of this epidemic was hit on the board as an octagon and rows spread from each horn, and "One of the Dead" written in the middle. I had to ask myself ... if the science of healing zombies is simple, then I wonder if I could come up with a little thing to start a zombie breakout here! All in all the effects were so interrupted, as they stumbled, I am sure natural nature like the poor, mysterious story, zombies are incompatible, even in the worst way they could be equal, and women are bad, but I enjoyed this. It was an enjoyable look. It turned out to be a very bad film, and I would not recommend this thing unless someone has a bad films on the instructions, but still, again I say ... it was worth a good laugh. I crave zombie movies no matter what, but this time it had Fulci's name connected to it, it should be better. I would dare to say, Zombie Holocaust was the best.
