Although identical to the person who views these views among others 80+ for this movie is low, I feel I must say something about this. I am not a type of film player who gives priority to the value of productivity, stimulating dialogue, or acting brilliant and leading. However, I say that this film is coming. I don't know why I do not like ... I mean it has everything that is needed out of a terrible movie: blood, disgust, senseless humor, etc. According to this evidence I must love. Still, Zombi 3 is a movie of the barsad. There are too many things that encourage you to scream on the screen. As a girl departing with an army when their car declines to get water (this thing is uncomfortable). He walks in what I see as a abandoned hotel or something. Did he not see that there was a sea of ​​friggin in the middle of the building? Yes he looks at the water and climbs the lake. Why? Cuz she wants to know why people (who do not have cuz place is abandoned) do not answer when she calls: "Is there someone there?" Oh this is just a little, a little piece of big picture I draw. There is a reason, however, why I have given this film more than stars 1. It is one of those movies where you forget that it is very bad, if I have a few times, you want to look at it again because it's over of each element. I called the blood in the first paragraph, but this film does not have blood, it has a sea of ​​ice. Also, it has a well-being in it as well as: a child of a zombie (usually normal size) and a head of magic magic with just two names. Do you know when you try to think the worst and most fun movies found and you come with 50 movie physics? I believe that Zombi 3 and such movies should be on those. It has all the elements: scientists compete with the government, apocalypse warnings on radio, anti-monsters, and so on. This is the 9th '80' Plan! While I can not say that this is a waste of money if you want to buy, hope is just worse. And when you realize that expecting to be worse is to despise Zombi 3, not to be all bad. You can really like it, I didn't say it is impossible. Do not think that I hate this film, not ... really. Oh, P.S. Kill the Birds (aka Zombie 5) rules! (Can I just blow my loyalty?)
