I am a bright fan of Lucio Fulci, and yet I must say that "Zombi 3" (aka "Zombie Body Eaters 2") of 1988, who did with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was quite disappointed. Especially compared to its great predecessor, Fulci's Gore classic very "Zombi 2" (Aka "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie") of 1979, this is very great. Indeed, the lowest level of 4.5 already states that it is not a good film, but, often these low-down comes from people who are not in the Italian zombie flicks, and as a fan of the Italian movie of Horror and under-budget movies to explore, I love many films that are just given at a very low level. Also, many of my fellow Italian colleagues Horror seem to think this film as an underrated, which I sadly can't agree with. Not that the film was a complete disaster. It has certain features of redemption, on all the effects of deleting Fulci's nausea, which always enjoys watching the horror of Italian Horror / Gore. The basic idea behind the film is also not bad (even though it is far from nature) and I loved the military image of evil. Sadly, that's about it. When the chief pastor "Zombi 2" was very good, but more than that is also true, unavailable or scary for a minute, and the year of despair and often severe is the only true reason to check "Zombi 3". Movies sometimes enjoy watching, but only for a year, and as an unintentional comedy. I think that it was exactly the year that came from Fulci, and the rest of the despair from Mattei and Fragasso, which was first involved in a cult-flicks group (such as "Holocaust" D'Amato "D'Amato) , and the second which is responsible for one of the worst movies made, god-rough "Troll 2". In general, this is obviously visible for the year, but, from all films of Fulci I have seen so far, this is more obvious, and I have seen many of this popular film repertoire. I am a fan of Fulci, and I will always be, but this is definitely not a magic time. It can be fun for a year, but I recommend watching any Fulci movie before this!
