I have seen this film twice, and I must say I liked it twice. It's fast and fun, but finally daft. After saying that it deserves to be closed because of rejecting what can follow well on the original nature. It is obvious to those who have seen the 'Meat Meat' that are the worst films can be paid to Bruno Mattei, and that little that is proposed on it can be paid to Fulci. This is not the effectiveness of Fulci sycophancy, the styles of directors are quite different, and you can tell who is directed, especially in the case of Mattei. <br /> <br /> The film focuses on the outbreak of the virus (oddly known as the 'top secret' by the scientist, the mystery is more obvious than its potential apocalyptic effect to humans) somewhere in Southeast Asia. HIV causes a zombie as a character in those affected, and the virus quickly spreads in an amazing landscape. Our characters are not aware of walking in a dangerous area, and they are fighting for their lives against the infected Asian forces. <br /> <br /> The movie seems to be halfway between being a zombie gore flick, and out and out adventure action, and this combination is captured more clearly by the zombies themselves. They don't seem to have a set of common features for all. Some of the most common types of shuffling, so well rendered in nature, and probably creation Fulci here. Another large group includes those who were infected with the virus that lost their own feelings, but found the savage brutality and the desire to get the black belt in the ninjitsu: By focusing on the uncertainty of whether to continue with their advanced circles or collaborating with their relatives in what seems to be a very small quantity for their innocent victims. Military art is not just their talent, they know very well the guerilla techniques, they hide on pipes and under buses, and sometimes they may suddenly fall from heaven but heaven itself. That is definitely the work of Mattei. <br /> <br /> There are three, more chat, a kind of zombie. This type seems to have a sense of hurt like 'I'm very thirsty… FOR YOUR SAY'. The deviation of ignorance at the end where DJ returns to the zombie but continues to preach ad libbed gibberish on the fate of mankind, only serves to strengthen the WTF factor and destroy any hopes of a big resolution. there is a head with a shadow of a zombie that drifts slowly through the air, a skeletal grin of a skeletal made by his face, as to say 'yes we know how this looks bad'. <br /> <br /> All characters are one dimensional one if you would like to expect. But his extraordinary and dubbing conversation hinders us from leaving their trouble seriously. After saying that the first dead soldier puts a very powerful exhibition against the danger of an unsafe zombie. Surely this is the first and maybe only when we hit the real zombie agro, and one of the only effective scenes in the film. The boy who played the great scientist has a heart, but no talent, using the pauses in his lines completely randomly, so he ends up as sound as a confused asthmatic. Scientists 'on the screen are trying to get enough medication' now puts these two molecules together! '<br /> <br /> There is a short time that keeps out effectively yet. In the original area the female protagonist is looking for a left garage. After entering the room we are faced with an angry view of the figure that is changing on the corner and a huge collection on the floor, all were beaten in the light of the sky. Silence has been interrupted by the appearance of a quick match that uses a zombie who loses everything in his wife in his desperate despair to be with him. His violence is one of the shortest moments of real fear in the film. The pre-and post-made theme of the hotel that attends the beginning of the outbreak, and later as a refuge for our characters is solid and thin seaweed. There is a place where one of the soldiers carefully approaches the planting room that really builds the undead houses, and this is the whole time. Things are better when they go to the hotel without knowing about what's rising up. But this has been dealt with diligently and not as efficiently as it could be. All in all I would say this film could only be called a royal crown on a possible tropical zombie, rather just through the film and bad. If nothing is so loud that I have not tried to come to expect from everything Italian and gory from eight years.
