I can't stay separate from the Lars van Trier films. I think 'breaking Wave' is not under the jewel. I loved the 'Player in the Night'. I enjoyed the ideas in 'Dogville' but the general exercise has been shown to me is also dry and also shows, under the movies. 'Europa' which I see just now was a popular film at the time, succeeded by the American successful film of Europe and get Oscar for the best foreign movie, but it did not live well in my opinion. It is also a very clear and exciting exercise in the art of the cinema for my taste. The story has a controversial level that cannot escape the viewer. Taking a period that followed after the second world war is not black and white winners and winners, killers and victims but as long as the people of both sides fought for survival after a tragic event that changes the lives of nations and individuals are still a source of conflict even today, much more so was novel and bold two decades ago. However it is a way of saying that it is not appropriate to be equal to work. The film appears to include many of the low-density films from Hitchcock films, especially its pre-filmed films - Europe, and British intelligence spies are fighting with the German spies on the trains of very fast on the continent in the dark. The trains were the symbol of the world and its conflicts to the extent of their power. Here the train also becomes a symbol of the first round of German birth after the war, of its potential, of its deficiency and order and control, time and stability. The characters who fill the train should not be stories of good or bad writers. The American main character of the German descent comes after Europe accepting that part of the support and reconciliation process finds itself in a world free of corruption and corruption, and the more privileged librarians as rebel actors, and the losers have not resigned to their destiny but rather than the intention to continue the way of personal destruction, with love for the mix is ​​undoubtedly mixed with rebellion. <br /> <br /> This is still a physiotherapy film that deceives the director in this case. The actions of the actors, especially Leopold Kessler played by Jean-Marc Barr seem to be confused, and they do not trust. The total general exhibition does not seem like Hitchcock-but it is due to the bad imitation of Hitchcock at the end of 30s. The use of colors on the black-and-white film that is often used during emotional power also shows. It is not that Van Trier does not know his artistic ways, but he also shows the performances, he seems to try hard to show what he likes the film. He is very good, as he will show in some of his future films, but it will remain for the audience to decide this alone.
