... but I expected the best from Caroline Munro. He has made some good films, and I was hoping this would be very good. as a matter of fact, she and this beautiful girl girl (the girl who received electrocuted I think) were just two of the 8-11 executives who could act. This film has the worst work I have ever seen. almost as bad as 'Psycho' (1998). The true part of the dumb was when the woman was having a shower and marty was injured to shed the battery of the battery there. he begins to scream, and his shouting may be the most sad voice in the world. she tries to leave, but "accident" comes again. I will admit, violence and stories are good, with the wedding music manfredini, but acting can be better than LOT. there were two other characters, open and joe. I don't know about you, but have likened the similarity to the play and akyroyd. Also, when they found the body of the coffee wife in the bathroom, you would think they could shout and blow barfing. No. Caroline Munro and the blonde woman are the only ones who respond. Frank and Joe hardly show any signs of fear or hatred. I don't know about you, but I know that if I see the skeletons of one of my best friends, I would like puke. also, when joe begins to say things like "happened to marty was an accident, it was not our fault." he says it is like his fear or fear but it has to show any face words. then the blonde girl begins to cry and says "I'm really afraid!". and he takes the egg. I think the actor really did not know who it was. The end of the film is a very confusing thing I saw. The more confused than the peak of "jaw: revenge". All eight friends are dying, marty kills them all, but then, you can see something that looks like he was chased by their corpse corpse, and then just cuts to marty still in hospital due to an accident, and then when the last film, marty's dress as a nurse trying to persuade him, but then we see that marty has entered into his clothes or somethin as well as the doctor kills, and the film ends with the skin of marty peeling off his face. which guides me to the next question. WHAT IS THE WRITER COMING WITH IT?!? !!!!! What? really expected people to understand just what hell happened? The end was left me confused. were the characters still living? is marty still having hate? What? The events we have seen will not happen yet or not? I don't know. in general, this film was not dumb. The act was hit, the music was right, the story was very good (except for the end). basically, this is just one of your boyfriend's average of 80s. just look for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the release of the film due to drug abuse. I think he was the only one who knew this film was what really was. PILE YA SH **
