The movie opens and flashback Doddsville County High School on April Fool. A group of students plays prank on Marty's class of nerd. While being punished for playing prank said, they follow with a great prank which (for course in the slasher film involving pranks on the nerds class) goes ridiculously awry to leave Marty at the same time burned and dissolved with acids for being perfect. At five years, where we find members of the body of students to assemble in the current school left for their fifth-class class. We find that it is not unfortunate that everyone in the meeting was a village of pranksters from the flashback area, as all attendees are beaten and killed by an extraordinary killer of the jester, who was wearing holes in the hardening and hard fashions. It will not take Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the identity of the killer, as it seems to be no other than the injured Marty who seems to be using his nerd anger and the great sense of law enforcement and engineering laws to strengthen school for retaliation. Film takes a wonderful place as Marty ends completing vengeance on its former victims, just being haunted by their spirits. Marty finally incorporated perfectly on the edge and takes his own life. Finally, the film explodes with brutal abuse that does not include whether the whole revenge is revealed that the first dream as Marty gets up in the hospital bed, breaks his prevention, hits the nurse, and finally isolates himself. <br /> <br /> Script tired and facing the terminal case of awesome movie logic. The originality actually comes from the intellectual mechanisms that the victims are sent. The deficit-of-all-a-dream end up feeling prone. It's almost like the person showed the nature of the film and the author decided then and there that was a dream. <br /> <br /> By saying technical, the film is angry. Other events were given so dark that I had to restrict the film and play with the paint on my TV. Acting is small-par, even with a small film. I can't help but I think the casting is part of the problem if all actors look at least five years more than the characters shown, which makes the flashback area more broken without fun. Their lack of commitment to movies is made clear as half of them can not bother to keep their voices directly through the movie. All this is said, if you like bad horror movies, you can like this, too. It's not the worst movie of the kind, but it's far better.
