I don't know if this movie problem is a Mode or Script error. As you will see in many reviews the editorial style is the way to cross. It is quite exciting and without substance, which can be considered a good thing if you look at some quotes from the movie. I don't write a lot of instructions here, but I saw this film was so bad that it deserved the comment. Films like this in the Movie that makes Art form. Movies like this show more and more clear that the current Reality focuses on movies is revealing the quality of the characters behind them. People like there is a trick, there is a sense of 5, and there is a sense of business - there is a local life. However, I don't help them about it, it's the worst case of this time - characterized by this film. But for the agent These manufacturers would like to call artists there is a lack of internal life or focus on the screen - separation for everyone. The story of bounty hunters, gun guns and more guns, heavy loads of sex - to the famous actress oh (wrote a dance picture after signing?), More than filled, on the spread, the stadiums. All different and still are the same. Interesting music that stimulates the feeling under your throat. Stories? character development? or simply stop, lack of information, revealed at the end to create * the * effect of the story - as that one was done. There is absolutely nothing like the trick. It is a caricature of discrimination and type. Where are the movies and the understanding? What? About the falsehoods and music that you don't even know there? What? What about the depth of check? What? About editing and uncertainty about mind and understanding? Even in practical films that may occur. They have indeed honored the trick; but what use is without the soul or wisdom? of understanding about the human condition? Do people who say and say that this is an art writer, or compare this with Picasso and others - I tell you to keep this next to Gandhi or the godfather, even the original trilogy of the star wars or the master of the ring; then see me in the face and say again. They are good workers, but they need extensive help and story. I hope they get it because I like the original work of the staff. good luck next time.
