My partner lost this film the other night, so we watched it together. <br /> <br /> The first impression is really straight, because the whole movie is shot in this color, genetic, after MTV. Quickly, cooling angles, camera action emerging - at a time when you feel like you look at another "Snatch", at a time .... \ t high. things don't mean anymore. I would like to destroy the pleasure of looking at it for some events, but again, the film is so bad that you are better off without looking at it. The first thing you think is a crime story described in the dialogue between Keira Knightley and Lucy Liu. WRONG. These conversations do not provide related information. On the contrary, Domino's lesbians come upon Lucy Liu's behavior during the second part of the movie only gives us the audience in more confusion. Then I thought it was probably a movie about a girl from the rich but the unworked history that grew into a hard hunter of virtue. In any case, that's the message sent by opening events. But after that the question of Domino's behavior has been completely lost for a criminal plot. In short, NO this is not a film about Domino behavior. <br /> <br /> I thought, maybe it's a story of one robbery. Good blood transfusions. 10 million did not disappear, courtesy hunters expel the perceived fools, the children of mafia are killed, hands removed, Domino is trying to understand why this time they do not have the certificates, etc.. But this feeling is soon given by another U-U plot. At this time we are faced with the sad story of the most beautiful African-American woman, who makes a driver's license at MVD's inside and at the age of 28 is the youngest grandmother. Lateesha stars on the show of Jerry Springer, try to announce a new theory, wacky racial, and at the same time striving to earn money for his ill grandson. <br /> <br /> Is this related to the main plot? Rgh, well, nobody knows. Unless the director told the audience where the bounty hunters would set up their 300,000 collectors fees. Then when you begin to think: "Oh, it's about our society and the way of destruction of the media news". There is the truth of the TV crew walking around with the patrons of the virtues and making brutal pictures. Bounty hunters are also faced with a group of Hollywood actors, who are always looking for having their sores broken and themselves drawing close to a number of crimes. But no, this is not a film on the media, it just appears in all the films. There are many other things: an African man who likes to liberate Afghanistan, a love story between Domino and Chocco, a part of mescaline, a FBI monitoring operation ... <br /> <br / > What? all the things mentioned above are full of 2 hrs movie? Judge yourself, but my conclusion is clear - it's a real mess!
