We've been served - a terrible film. Well, I will admit that since I was white and I had no practical experience in the "world of play-stage competition," I can not actually be the authority on this type of film. On the other hand, I know the bad picture when I see it. And, boy, I just saw it. Published in the Vision of the Budget below and directed by Ian Iqubal Rashid, ("Touch of Pink"), "How He Move" tells the story of the importance of following someone's dream - even if these dreams are with a great clapping, irritating the hip-hop music and talking a normal person can't understand if he had an international translator. <br /> <br /> I try to try a small synopsis of "plot." First of all there are two actors who appear as LL Cool J who works in a motor shop in Toronto (Makka's color contrast), but still has time to practice playing for eight hours a day. There are a few other people in these "workers", including white dude and a man like Denzel Washington in "Malcolm X." There are also two women in the movie - one resembles Serena Williams and another looks like Geraldine from the "Flip Wilson Show" of the past. One of these women was selected from the university because her parents used all her training on drug traffickers. Another girl, a member of Salt N Pepa, of course, is quite clear. There is another person who looks like a buckwheat of Eddie Murphy, while another actor who is Huggy Bear has declined. These are players of the opponent's action. Obviously, this activity is very complicated-based in 'hood, and all are practicing the giant jam of "Step Monster" in Detroit. Since I could not understand 90 percent of the discussion (perhaps some of the most helpful titles, like in the Bergman film or a single music video with Snow), it is difficult to describe what is happening, unless there is a lot of resistance, girl Serena Williams (who has not bothered, for The way) becomes a stepper of self-relocation (moving from group to group), there is a certain bridge - and a lot of hip-hop music. <br /> <br /> It is a common story of rags-wealth-story; such as "Rocky" with a loud voice, "Rudy" with a rap rap music in the background, "Freedom of Righteousness" without laughing. But why the film - which may have a great impact on the black audience - should have drugs, bad parents and head looking like the first advertiser saying the words, "How does he go"? <br /> <br /> I "transferred" to this film, however. Moved to leave the theater as soon as possible.
