This was the title of the so-called Christmas, the low-cost Mexican budget from the filming of Cardona (NIGHT OF BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]), what? as many natural efforts from this country ?? was released for U.S. and K. Gordon Murray. Looking at the two already mentioned efforts, Cardona had no vision? and, this has already received its share of flak here, certainly not the best! The film, in fact, is the redest of the weakness that had the characteristics of Mexican fears from that time, but due to the increased trends because of the garish color (which, because of the popularity of reds? has a great role in all cases, it was necessary). In short, however, the plot involves Satan's attempts to close Christmas Christmas Christmas to the children of the world; there, however, the most wackiness along the way: to begin with, our portly, white-beard and ever happy life-red life in the heavenly palace which, apart from accompanying toy toy maker from around the world on his piano when they are singing (hard for the first reel!) in their native language, they visit Merlin ?? The famous magician in King Arthur's court, here bafflingly but amusingly prone to child-like hopping and mumbling gibberish! ?? once a year to get potions that can bring concern to young people and give yourself an invisible (by the way, the presence of the Ministry of Anthronistic here is less possible than to be his group of Dr Frankenstein in the Son of Dracula [1974] !!); usually, at this time, he always seems to have gained extra weight? so Santa needs to work in order to get into every proverb! The Antics of the Devil (hardly grinding his hands to each side and generally reinforce it up) hold the plan of St. Nick's delivery, then, it is fully puerile: in fact, their tit-to-tat shenanigans are as old Laurel & Hardy most common than anything! To overcome the flight time, we take into account three sets of children: one, the only son of a rich couple who do not want anything more for Christmas than their company (thought as a fantasy wanting to want where a boy finds his parents bound for extra money!) , a girl from a poor family who wishes to have a doll of her own (the first fighter tries to try one home, then invades a little one's dream?) without a profit) and a trio of brats who, who tried again with Satan, did not think of anything but cause evil and eventually fall among themselves. There is a definite idea in the work here, but it is used for a little concept or reason, while the technique of infants continues to be entertaining (unless the person who reads the film is a pleasure of guilt) well clock!
