This movie of Santa begins amazing and I think Santa can be near. Instead of the casual elf makers, this Santa seems to have kidnapped children from all over the world and makes them sing a song as the characters from "It's a Country Country"! I think there are no rules for child labor on a fantastic flight that he lives (it is definitely not the North River and not on the earth) !! None of these children are very happy and I have wanted to see the breaking orders and save tykes, although I think for some of the three children of the world, these working conditions have been improving more of local sweatshops. I am sure that all who do is sing and make fingers. Then, the area suddenly changes in hell where lots and lots of demons play like in the Busby Berkeley music. This is fun in the suspension of Satan who commands one of them, Pitch, going to earth to destroy Christmas! Personally, I thought that this film has already done it! The devil and his imps are really kind of cute - like Hot Stuff from Harvey Comics but for the cold goatees evil! Or, if you are a Puerto Rican, like a mask vejigante and goatee! Somehow the Mexican child was injured poverty called Lupita, a group of jerky children who want mug mug and some rich child is an important battlefield for the devil and Santa !! So, as the King of Darkness (not Donald Trump, the GOD God of Darkness) can make him steal and become evil, he will 'win' - what, we don't know! In fact, when they bury him, he feels that the filmmakers want Santa to be Jesus - if he has all these great powers and he is fighting against the devil over the souls of children! Later, Santa meets his friend, Merlin. He asks him to make a special powder that makes people dream a good dream. Considering how Santa laughs in the film (like a closed chipmunk), I think he should use this medicine! He will immediately see the farmer who makes the key to magic that opens ALL doors. Considering he places children as his personal assistants, this important aspect of magic is very troubling! On Christmas Christmas journey, you see Lupita makes like a little angel - one problem below. Santa then takes a moment out now to take care of a rich child whose parents are jerks of selfishness. He gives them some kind of cocktail of things that magically solve their problems - two problems solved. This is a common case where alcohol / drugs helps children to solve problems! And for the little mad, he gives coal! She is disappointed with her loss to Santa, the pitch then tries to steal the sleigh (which is pulled by creepy animatronic deer). When this fails, he destroys Santa's 'magic powder'! As a result, Santa can not be invisible to avoid dogs and gets. Indeed, oh ... how could Santa take an inquiry to the clinic of Betty Ford if he found a tree? What? Holy Nick will descend from the tree and find a monkey behind him or will the demons win? If you care, sign in and see. However, the impression that the film is bat-crap crazy! <br /> <br /> By technical speaking, the film is yecchy. Although it has color, it is true. Music is made on the instrument - which, with the bad singing from the children, provides perhaps the worst sound I have heard in recent memory. And the story is incomprehensible and very, very much. Devils and Santa who pick up children are just plain-tastic. It's a film you should never show children but it makes a good film to watch with friends so you can cut it from beginning to end!
