This should be a very popular holiday film that I have ever hit, and that says something. I know that the people of Mexico have an unusual view of religion, combining the ancient Aztec beliefs with the traditional Christian theology. But their Dead Day is not a horrible part as they take Santa Claus. So..Santa is not a jolly, red-colored oil from alcoholism (see those stomachs sometimes!). Instead, he is a young sexist who lived in heaven (or heaven, whatever), as well as a group of children who work harder than Kathy Lee Gifford. They are singing traditional traditional traditional songs while wearing the clothes so amazing that I was surprised to be a young African and American boy in black singing 'Mammy'. Santa is Peeping Tom who is misleading who looks and hears everything that everyone makes from 'his eye in heaven'. That's how she can tell who was naughty or good (with emphasis on those innocent, I'd like to bet.) reindeer is wind-up installations! This rotating shadows circulate over the cloud, perhaps standing with its silver cloth. The Santa of the ... is the devil? What is this, our Lord Lord and Savior? Weird. Anyhoo, Satan sends one of his colleagues, blowing the sand, leading the devil called Pitch, trying to give birth to Christmas. Let me do this directly - the power of pure evil is trying to destroy the holidays from business and quite tired? It looks kind of destruction, isn't it? <br /> <br /> Step is invalid. She tries to talk to the children bad, but they are not very lucky. I was hit by the story of the little girl Lupe, whose family is very poor. All she wants is a doll for Christmas, but parents can't afford one (they spent all the money on the card that they built their house). So the pitch tries to encourage him to steal the doll. True, it is the only way that a girl who is poor will find forever, because that saint and pray to God and Saint Santa does not work. But Lupe refuses the temptation and tells Pitch to get you back to it, and so it's a reward to give it a doll so creepy look that just know that it is a Chucky sister. <br /> <br /> On the way Pitch will get Santa stuck in a tree (uh-hh) from where he has survived by Merlin! Merlin? You need to be hit me! Since the Druidic historical figures are seen in Christmas stories, or have anything to do with the Christian religion? And does God not accept magic? They would have been burning Merlin in a few hundred years ago, not asking him to save one of God's Things (or yes I think Santa must be, going up against Satan). This movie is a long huH? from the beginning to the end, and it will make you wonder if the yaioog that you have broken is not hit or something. Probably it was, because this film is like a very large DT.
