We can't have vendor questions for this film, the director beat us too and destroyed this film in many ways. Clear removal of items like Critters and Gremlins, this film fails over many levels of restoring the humor and fear of the best films. It is about to lose time, where evil practitioners give bad talks in front of the idiot director, who regularly searches for stitches. They are fighting with young people in the same way as the old Tarzan films used to use rubber crocodiles, whispering to them while screaming and trying their efforts to make it seem less threatening. It is painful to watch, and was not supported by 80 fashions of the closure and cast. <br /> <br /> Typically, some of the young visitors who have been locked up by aging guards in a lot of films eventually get free after the umpteen years of imprisonment, and start telepathically screw around people with intelligence. New guards recruiting, fighters who leave them despite constant warnings, find a group of 80 friends as well as go and have small adventures together when trying to return to Grem ... Hobgoblins. All life here, with a group with a knucklehead jock, her lover of 80 slut, a fridge girl and a prissy partner, and a little hero, lacking courage and wishing her girl to give out. The first comes the fight against the war zone, where the former military jock shows how he was trained in the army to be a bully, blowing a nerdy warrior with an improper end of the search for what seems like hours. Then there are some running around, completing a realistic fight with a pie living in a nightclub of a scuzzy club with a grenade grenade bombing everything but people standing around them. Then the trick of the film is approaching, and all well that ends well. It is not. This is like watching the problem of the train, you can not take your eyes off, it's very bad. Full benefit for Theater Theater Theater, but the god-god should try to look at it alone and not. Fashion Police still have a number of permits well for the cast, and I try anyone to laugh at a good shock during the fight. These marks 2 out of 10 more, for a good day.
