The deficit of 1984 "Gremlins" is the most likely of the fall of the developed movie trailer. Even for the 'B' of the grade movie, all non-low-cost movies on the same platform have come to the fore in the form of conspiracy, act, and goodness. It starts with the former security guards and limited security of punky security whose name is important. Why? Because a few minutes on the film comes into a 'blocked' window, and he is killed while living out of his fantasy being a rock star in an affordable pub. <br /> <br /> This is an interesting attraction - filled the main course. The main character, KEVIN, tries to often show that it is more than the total pussy. Perhaps he succeeds in the film, but for the audience he demonstrates that he is nothing more than a bad actor. Kevin gets a job with former guards, and is guided through his security changes in (waiting) left studio. That's why you are worried to do when you can use the label itself. Back to the film. Kevin somehow opens the blocked block and provides Hobgoblins. Hobgoblins convince people to live out of their usual fantasies and then kill them for some reason. You must return before the sun or another ... or what else? Exactly. Other characters include Kevin's 'eyes' NICK, DAFNE's 'lady' of Nick whose character does not have more substances than a bitch-slut outfit and prostitute's dress. There is a girlfriend of Kevin who has been translated and 'saved', whose deepest desire seems to be similar to Cher looking for fish socks and a pair of blue youth on the skin. Don't ask how it works. It is quite possible that all leisure behavior is KYLE. How these groups of friends are made on the question. Kyle is a misguided person who cannot go at an hour without boasting. His practice includes telephone sex conversations from other people's homes and the possibility of hitting the underwear. The story reveals whether the heroes seek Hobgoblins: knee (hands of puppets), which, for some reason, try to travel more than the surrounding boundaries. Each of the characters eventually lives their fantasy fantasy that is not available and has millions of dollars ... or the film has a huge budget. WARNING SPOILERS AHEAD: The twist at the end of this movie will leave and the player asks "What?". Hobgoblins return safely to ... their free will. Perhaps they lost patience while waiting for the sun to destroy it, or maybe the storytellers got a sketch of the author and decided to worry about the end. After a safe return, the former patronage reveals "What he learned in the military" and eliminates the bombs that destroy it safely, reflecting at the end of the worst Hobgoblins and the end of this car ride; Ideal locked on the ride on the escalator. The evil evil of this film is enough to send someone right. If you have a plan to look at it, I recommend a few drinks before examining this mental film.
