"The House of Evil" aka "The Death Song" of 1968 is the first of the four worst and unusual movies with the star Boris Karloff's great and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. Unlike the "Snake People" (1971), "Awesome Invasion" (also 1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972) which were all released after Karloff's death in 1969, "House Of Evil" was released in 1968, when Karloff was still alive. "The House of Evil" is considered by many as the worst films of the four, which are no doubt that they all love, but they certainly have their entertainment value as uninformed. I personally prefer "a room of fear" and "house of evil" on the other two, just because the lack of a little logic is worse, and because there is no doubt in any movies, the lack of logic increases the reason for not having fun The matter. Mythical story (I don't know if I can call it 'a plot') is placed somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After other girls have been killed and have their eyes, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an instrument player of passion, he welcomes his few remaining relatives in his wonderful home, full of beauty centers. His brother includes Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is involved with one of the police investigators. <br /> <br /> We will not give you more stories, but I can assure you that it's absolutely amazing every movie. There are some very short moments, especially some of Karloff's things. Boris Karloff did not doubt any of the most brilliant and useful icons of the Horror type who once lived, and can give only an unusual film with a little bit of his greatness, and though (or because) his role is (due to poor script and lead) in any scary way, it looks like he deliberately plays with a sense of humor. Like the filmmakers "Snake People" and "Fear Party", female leadership is played again by Julissa. <br /> <br /> The bulk of support support is hilariously amateurish, the movie is awesome and places and events are subject to contempt. The story of the story is not good for a little logic and the conversation often has little feeling. It is a bad story and conversation, however, which makes this movie a fun look. "The House of Evil" can be a great attempt to the movie, but certainly it is (without pretending) funny as it is bad. Ed Wood filmmakers should be very worried, I found myself to be hilarious. Crappy but entertainment however, and definitely worth watching since there was Boris Karloff in it and because of the reason why. 3/10
