The fall has started with an archaeological expert Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert discovering the remains of a hundred hundred feet of 42 foot, now there is something that you can't see every day. Matt works for a manufacturer of Morton's property (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a holiday break in the country and calls for his colleague Angela (Kristen Miller) because I'm sure. Yet they all try to figure out what they have on hands while some missing team, Morton calls for safety Amy Ammon (Navid Negahban) to handle the situation. At the same time the old text writer Teacher Schmidtt (Tom Bosley) interprets the ancient text (as much as possible) and is proud to learn the bad prophecies that these will rise and take the world for the fallen One, or something like that. It's up to Matt to save the day and the whole planet ... Written by Kevin VanHook, who also plays a small role in the film as the former leader of the hero, I personally thought the fallen were bad films and it's simple and straight ahead like that . There are many things that are so bad about the Falling technical and intellectual level, the script doesn't do much of the mind and it doesn't really go up to the last supernatural moment of time and when I had lost the will to live. Character is bad and as clichéd as you like, talk is as bad as in the very, very bad & the whole film is predictable, I mean it will not come as a surprise that Casper Van Dien will save the day is? It is not surprising that the great animal will come to life or why then wait until one hour on the film while most of the spectators will be in a state of good condition. This is bad, very bad. You have been warned. VanHook's director was not interested, the events of the fight are so bad and why do you wear your bad people in the shade of purple? They look naff. In order to give them a little credit special effects on the great mummy itself is good though not many of them since she's not making the appearance of more than an hour, there is also some Mummy's size that look coming directly from the Mummy set (1999), for luck The worst is not used with any great effect and is actually lost as a comic aid. Mummy's mechanics was a good idea but it said lies and no way in the world that all people inside can work by balancing each other to use it, actually more I think about the more ignorance the idea is. Forget about any terrible situation, tension or atmosphere and don't think about any year or violence because there is nothing. Really fall is not anything special and far from a very good mummy. The effects there are her little get excited about. CGI's soul and the effects of water are terrible, made-by-TV and shows. Acting was bad, Wagner seems to be embarrassed & this is perhaps the only thing that Dien & Bosley's loved ones can find these days. <br /> <br /> The fallen people are a bad film, no two ways on it so far as I'm worried. It is not recommended for any level or in any way, one to avoid.
