What I think I probably like the best on the new Star Wars film, "Phantom Menace", is that it will be difficult to blow "Titanic" out of the water, if you forgive the pun, when it comes to a major office office box, and therefore isolates out number one. Every time I hear someone announcing "Titanic" is the biggest film that they've ever seen, I think myself, "You don't see so many movies, you?" What's wrong. You can make 50 beautiful films that are much better than "Titanic", and with the same color price. "In fact, he won many academic awards, most people liked it very much," if someone can say in his defense. Well, many people like Spice Girls and billions and billions of people eat McDonald's, but that doesn't mean it's high quality. Yes, millions of Elvis criminals can be wrong. <br /> <br /> I'll be the first to admit, that part of the problem was mega-hype on the film. I waited a month or more to see it and finally, it did not live according to the expectations set out on it, which is well known to the story of stupid love. It is true, "The destruction of Phantom" will have such a situation. but. The Titanic of James Cameron is. a) cheesy act flick thinly hiding as a piece piece piece. b) an epic hour of three hours which has a very good time given in the trailer. c) The story of love of sappy beyond belief or entertainment. d) something that was most left for the document document, which I would have enjoyed most. e) a proud film that extends to the point shown by the actual ship. f) 3 hours of robbery that I will never come back, so a great drive for the time machine that I can think of. When I meet someone who has not seen yet, I say, "I would like to do business with the place." g) hanging to the face of any characteristic of hypothermia. How long should we believe that people can be baptized in cold water and still make understandable judgments? h) thanks to the film which has not been recognized for any success in the Oscars. i) technological achievement in film creation, and something else. The only reason I write this as anonymous view is not to accept the revolutionary of Leonardo DiCaprio of thirteen and three years who will no doubt come to his defense, and I don't care to hear the stories of Titanic stories, act or length.
