Once upon a time there was a director in the name of James. He brought us to the amazing, amazing science-lies such as Terminator and Guests. These movies were objects to block things and appeared to have a wonderful future in front of him as the morning of the special effects of the computer caused by the film industry. Terminator 2 showed us an explanation of what is possible in this new era. …… /> <br /> ....... then ................ ... 1997 ........ many awards ... ....... large amounts of money ................ gray advertising ...... ...... The highest amount of profit ........ Titanic was here! I've never been (one) to be one of flying on the bandwagon and being very bad for really, I've often taken the opposite position and most just get the move going. The Titanic however was a film I took only one of the positive - of Kate Winslett to be perfectly good! <br /> Occasionally - discussions were like something from Beverly Hills 90210, acting was more timber than my brother's tree house, the horrible pictures were coming up (someone falling from the ship and blowing propeller), a false history ( they don't even have to start because there is so much), there was a great theme music (there there with cheese guards) and a useless story of love was exciting, feeling and feeling because it did not respect everyone's concerns (I was happy when when he died and faint when he did not have). It was clear from the word to go that this photo was planned to reject MTV watch, bubblegum chewing, boy-and-drive chasing, young girls (DeCaprio himself resembled something less than a hero than a young boy boy ) who would drag their sex- Staff workers out of the third Half-hour flick expect to get lucky later! The worst feature is that it didn't stop at that time. Millions of wrongs, rural culture went to see this costly cellulodi waste because "it costs a lot to produce it must be great" and "Steve and Barbara said they are good and know their movies". The title of the crown came when Titanic hit the board at the Academy Awards. King James of Hollywood had a sharp time of silence for the victims of the worst evening which his third and half hour farce was based. It seemed to me if he prays for forgiveness after making a distance away without showing a situation that causes many deaths. <br /> <br /> However, if people are ignorant and enough to buy in this type of garbage they deserve to get ripped. Fortunately for Hollywood as they want to make money, I would like to do if I had those chances in life! It is certainly on my list of the worst movies at all other silly, historic fiction / humanitarian interests as "Patriot" and "Pearl Harbor".
