The Titanic disaster of a damaged ship has encouraged many books and movies. The conflict between nature and technology often gets the human mind. A recent film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and led by the famous movie star James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" involves two false characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo artist, another is an aristocrat) and how their love overcomes the social barriers and the shipping problem that may arise . First and foremost, although you are using a historical name, this film is not very concerned about history. The plan was built around two false lovers, French diamonds, and treasure hunters. The deaths of more than a thousand people on the most prestigious ship of its time became background. Historical truth was forgotten. Where was the radio who ignored the ice warning? Why was he not mentioned by the ship that was only 5 kilometers from Titanic but did not come to rescue because his captain failed to recognize the sign of distress? Stopping this fact is insulting to disaster. And what motivated the historical and romance disaster when the story has been prepared as sad. The overall plan was very poor; The rich is the same as greed and corruption, poverty is equal to mercy and courage. It is not surprising to spend $ 200 million to make films about how money is lost. There was no human side shown in the war heroes. It seemed like Billy Zane was playing the devil's part. Composing was also very bad. If DiCaprio had 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear it was his child-sitter. The length of the film was not required for more than 3 hours. The hour and the first half lost the relationship between the characters who were known to the audience before going to the theater and the discussion used to make it worse. To hear the korny line as "I see" and "This is my side of the ship" has produced more pain than the sound of people drowning. Also, the joke was too much and rather bad. Titanic included some of the moving events such as the places where musicians were playing when the ship was sinking but had no way around the original. The best thing about this film had its special effects, and that's the only thing that deserved the prize. Though this film was not present with the value of art in the general sense, the public could not resist Romeo (DiCaprio), and the movie succeeded. Now it's safe to say that the industry will be less reluctant to invest a large amount of money in one motion motion, so it seems that "Titanic" did something after all.
