Elephant's way was a very unpopular film and I was very happy when the elephant group finally hit the house and ended the film. Considering money and casting, you would expect that the film would be very good, although I am also interviewed for Dana Andrews as someone who loves Elizabeth Taylor. Not only the age difference but I can only see the pair as a couple. Perhaps some of this could be a mistake to change Miss Taylor to Vivian Leigh for the last minute (due to the mental state of Miss Leigh's fall) - although I also have a hard time seeing Andrews and Leigh as well. In addition, for the English woman, Miss Taylor will not be trying to use the smell. The film begins with the meeting of Peter Finch and Taylor and married in England. Their plan is to return to the Finch tea fields in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and for the first time it looks like a good life. However, no women talking to house workers seem to hate him. On top of that, once you return home, Finch acts as a jerk of boorish and Taylor is sad. Neighbor Andrews can see this and announce his desperate desire for him. However, Taylor is still ready to leave his marriage. But, through the Finch film works Liz more and more like something and finally ready to leave ... when out of blue, Cholera hits the fields. So it's up to Andrews, Finch and Taylor working together to save the day - though at this point I don't care, since there is no fully chemistry among the characters, the conversation is very good and you can't understand why Taylor did not remove her weasel husband within the days in this unfavorable hell. The film does not directly involve or proves and despite a good budget and Paramount, the film is an unpleasant mess. I was particularly surprised that although the film seemed to have been installed in the area, many exhibitions were easily released in a well-designed (and grainy) studio. In one area, for example, Taylor, Finch and lots sitting on the veranda and grass is green. So, the picture is reduced to people playing before them, the grass is brown! It is obviously not now in Ceylon in this area or area with a large Buddha aligned. My advice is to fly one or at least to put a pot of coffee around to promote. With his budget, not only a very good or leading film. <br /> <br /> Way, do you? Miss Taylor would be pregnant during this film? In some cases (especially at the beginning) wearing gray clothes, he has two shields and looks powerful. This is not resistance - after all, women get pregnant! But if you carefully examine, you will see what I said. <br /> <br /> Also by the way, the basic plot in many ways is similar to GIANT - the best film of Taylor really! It is amazing how good and respectful direction can do.
