There have been some funny movies about coming spirits from Hollywood. Cary Grant was an angel in "Bishop's wife" (1947). The best course was the Topper films at the end of the 30 'early' 40's. And, recently, "Heavens Can Wait" (1978), which was remake of 1941 "Here comes Mr. Jordan." These were good, interesting, entertaining, all of which focused on unusual creatures like ghosts and angels. Now comes the author of the author Jeff Lowell, doing the beginning of his film and the story of the invisible. , a young woman, Kate (Eva Longoria Parker), who is killed on the wedding day and then returns to bother the spiritual man, Ashley (Lake Bell) who is the collapse of Kate's boyfriend, Henry (Paul Rudd). One thing that is clear at the beginning: Longoria Parker is not Constance Bennett (Marion Kerby in the first two "Topper" films, which is the extent to which all female ghosts are tested. It is the first line when Henry's sister, Chloe (Lindsay Sloane) tells Henry, "you will not get up." The best described my situation in this film. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the film is that the right script is not very funny. But it is caused by the presence of Longoria Parker who bothered me in the wrong way every time she appeared on the screen. To just start with, and strengthen its lack of comedic talent, she is covered with a lot of makeup pancake, who knows what it looks like? Kate is killed when he puts it for his wedding and a stacked image. He is very wise that the angel who teaches him about what after his life is on his walk (well, he comes out), so Kate finds himself on earth as a soul without knowing what his goal is. <br /> Chloe wants Henry to move out of the funk which he naturally declined after Kate's death (from what I saw with Kate, he should have felt good forgiveness), so he introduces him to Ashley, who has no truth 'We know what he does as spiritual (he is also the key to the end), see if he can get Henry again contact with Kate. There are many meshugaas developing. The films are filmed by the "B" story around Ashley's assistant, Dan (Jason Biggs). This is thrown around to the end, but Ashley's approach covers shows that she is like a boob like Kate. Since Dan seems to attract both innocent women, he deserves whatever he finds. <br /> <br /> Finally Kate looks Ashley and the fun should start. It does not, and more is compassionate because with this other hands this can be beautiful funny. Like, Norman Z. McLeod, Constance Bennett, Roland Young, Alan Mowbray, and Co should turn into their graves to see what their transparency in the first two "Topper" films have been done.
