Two achievements ahead: I really think Joe Don Baker could be good or even good with the proper material and good director (remake of "Cape Fear", a small role in "Goldeneye", "Walking Tall"). And I also loved Baker in "Mitchell", because he was playing a hero who was SUPPOSED to be different from. Yes, the MST3K vaccine was hilarious, but they took many cheap bullets on Baker - which they did not deserve - to put good things and entertainment - was right for the standard and sound of the film, and was the best part of the movie. <br /> <br /> "The last judge" seems to be the same, but in spite of the exotic places and "the theme of the cowboy frontier right", it is a little less than "Mitchell". And the main reason is that the behavior of Baker, as written, is idiot. The movie has fun that because Baker comprises the old fashion frontier machismo, he challenges his rival style old-to-teeth competitors quickly. And because he is very tough and eyes, he always succeeds, even though he has the effects, has been hurt, too, etc.. It is a lot of pride and power (work for Gary Cooper), even if it condemns the film for "B" film. But Baker is very ignorant and obsessive that he without problems challenges three of the worst guy's guch to showdown in the public market, as well as all civilians place. He can only hide them from the bad boy's headquarters (that's why he followed them in the first place) and they could never see. Or he could get a drop on them and force the volunteers, and get one of those who want to take him to the headquarters on the gun stage. But no, he must be a hot dog of the league and the head of the eyes, and so he gets a child taken as a hostage to follower! Is this a man we should praise? <br /> <br /> The entire movie is basically like this. Most of the best actors are somewhere between OK (mad) for the good (old man and his father, who are two known European actors - only walking in the way, but it is worth it and even converts it to honor). But in all this way, the character of the Baker draws the secret, non-reproductive styles and errors that find at least two innocent people killed, along with two evil men who could be taken alive without the power of death. On the positive side, since the 90% film is installed Malta or the Mediterranean, you can see lots of prestigious lots and lots of extra and exotic lots. And in fact, Baker himself can be on the side of the load and a little dyspeptic, but it's not bad ... it's really not a bathroom sauce that critics of this film (including Mike and Bots in that big vaccine) seem to think. In short, this film is good for video wallpaper, but the viewer should not pay attention.
