In short, the film had a little 1-step weak and compulsory act with a sound and interesting sound, the 2th act of honor that has created tension and humor in spite of a distinctive walk and poorly cast, and the act of three ... there is almost no third act! About the third act, the film is coming soon. There is no resolution and no way down from the peak of the second act, so there was not much of the third act. The wicked die and that's what; The final credit card. There is nothing to show what happens to the protagonist and helpers and so on. The audience could possibly have left a reminder after the movie, asking "is it?" Realistic reduction. <br /> <br /> Music was created by David Bell who worked enough to serve the film many times, but certainly no better. It works only, but it achieves this by being just generic and derivative. It is also obvious that the same color is dated with the use of the synthesized printer for some series. What I did not have on my mind was that some of the tension in the world announced the sound of the sounding sounds that were broken by James Horner from "48 HRS." and "Governance," especially copper. All, the film was capable if the basic story itself was good, but the implementation was lacking with central leadership, weak efficiency, and some degree of walking. br /> <br /> There was no third action to end the story, and this lack is great and unforgiving because it does not allow the movie to be completed satisfactorily. This may be a screens or, perhaps, the production had to cut a picture or edit the third act on a film completed due to budget constraints (but I consider why there is no third action). For any reason, the sudden end hurts the entire movie. This is good to view if you have a curious and you can find a movie for a simple VERY and also learn why WHY you need to have 3 actions (beginning, middle, end) if you write screenshots and make movies. Otherwise, you might want to waste your time unless you can get a MST3K version for at least get some laugh.
