Joe Don Baker is a ... Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, an ignorant madman, who had killed a stupid cowboy suit that Roy Rogers would laugh at. Somehow he still has a badge, maybe because he lives in Texas and will let anything be law enforcement there. <br /> <br /> Loser greasy is a sheriff deputy near the Texas border. Not surprisingly, once he was a healer of Texas but he ran out because he seemed to think that the law was his own self-bouncing to play and his awareness. This includes suspects of ammunition on the international border to Mexico, hitting the defendants, cheating on gunfire, threatening women, starting fighting that can be avoided and regulating the life of a child threatened in the process, allowing women to promise to help and protect the killings just to get out of jail, etc., etc.. This person makes LA cops look like supporters in comparison. When her boyfriend is killed by a pair of Italian fraudsters, the behavior of Joe Don drives them and kills one of them. Then he takes another to go to Italy during Mr. Wilson, who really thinks that Joe Don will reduce a lot of time. During the record, it loses Italy and the cabby trucks that were beaten in the process. This is the first of many deaths and massive destruction that Joe Don leaves in the way behind him while losing Malta by looking at Palermo (Italian killer). It begins the part of the movie mobius, which our hero gets arrested, mentioned by Malta police chief, goes out and causes more trouble, gets him, gets trained by the police chief ... and so on, and so on. Until you want to clap your hands out with the corners of Joe Don and carry it with fear. Joe Don shows his vanity is not only the first time Palermo is running, but in the next boat after which goes down with just one horn. Then it is taken by Palermo after threatening a woman with a hanger of the coat. You are hoping that Palermo will come to torture him in the bottom of the apartment he enters, but no-threatening attacker came and brought him out, because he promised to protect him. His throat finds a rejection (great surprise) and Joe Don runs at night. <br /> And here you'd expect to be put into the boat (another). But even the sea does not want him, and take him to the beach where he is kept by the poor Malta family (what did they deserve to be?) He returns to the city, where he has been arrested by the police, who told him and the police chief ... arrrgghhh! The female officer who has taken her to him is free to get to Palermo. Why would he do anything so the dead brain as to destroy his work with this great slob is beyond me. It's just an amazing head. <br /> <br /> Going to the villa where Palermo hides, and starts shooting. Joe Don blithely cheats, and kills Palermo. Then he explains the last and amazing line of the film: "This great one has my badge. Can you go to give me?" Thank you for the eternal line, Mr. Baker. That will drop down the history of the film history as the most amazing, amazing, amazing and used feature of the film. It certainly falls according to everything else about behavior. Bravo.
