The human chances are the stars of Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL) in this inappropriate, unusual 'action' action as the Geronimo deputy, the slope of oil, gassy who sits next to the cowboy suits, listening to country music and eating many donuts . At the same time, a non-criminal named Palermo (played by a boy who owns a drill in GATES OF HELL's Fulci) is arrested in Joe Don district and dismissed sheriff in an unplanned area. Joe Don- slower after removing the brother of Palermo after saying his recent catching remarks is your argument. Think you can pick me up? Yes, continue '. For some reason Joe Don, a Texas lawyer, must transfer Palermo to Italy ('Mr. Palermo has been a major source of shame to the Italian government,' says Mr Wilson, another unknown character played by Bill McKinney, who was MASTER NINJA 1, SHE FREAK, and many movies of Clint Eastwood. Anyhoo, Joe Don's flight should be on the island of Malta, where Palermo runs with the help of the region and someone who looks like Jon Lovitz. And that's where the movie breaks. With the remaining movie, Joe Don looks at Palermo, lost Palermo, ends up in the prison cell, shouted by Malta police chief, and then is allowed to go with a warning to look for Palermo again. Then Joe Don continues to find Palermo, lost Palermo, ends up in the prison cell, shouted by Malta police chief, and then is allowed to go with a warning to look at Palermo again. Then Joe Don is looking for Palermo, has lost Palermo, has gone into the prison cell, shouted by the police of Malta, and then is allowed to go with a warning to find Palermo again. This is one movie provoking. One time Joe Don is considered dead in the sea. All the other characters are wondering whether he is dead or not, finally he is. But then he shows (saved by poor families) and no one says the truth that he had lost the sea for several days. Even her beautiful, Julia Louise-Dreyfuss-esque sidekick did not accept it again. However, it provides help to get to Palermo, so Joe Don looks at Palermo, has lost Palermo, he has completed the prison cell, shouted by Malta police chief, and then letting the warning not look for Palermo again. <br /> <br /> Highpoints include, a wonderful carnival and floating amazing color, some sexy strippers, outdoor shot involving a child dressed as Napoleon and a tomato car, scene after involving a guy wearing like a monk, and any area without Joe Don. Low rates include Joe Don threatening the player and the hanger of the coat. It should be noted that this comes from Graydon Clark, the director of ANGEL'S REVENGE, who looks like a sheriff. Ick! <br /> <br />
