I was pleased to hear that Cesar Montano had decided to make a film in Cebuano. (Not the 'language' as most of the Filipinos say in lies such as Cebuano and Tagalog are similar to French and Spanish.) But I was shocked when I saw this film. Being a Canadian, Cebuano parents, I was optimistic about the revival of the Visayan film industry when I heard about this film. I was thrilled to hear that it was not a stupid film or melodrama like Filipinos likes these movies. But alas, I was changing a little. Panaghoy goes to ego to Cesar Montano. Montano of course plays the hero of the movie. And when I say 'hero' I mean in the stereotypical character; His task is to win the heart of the girl and lead Bol-anons to win against the Japanese. His character has no depth or complexity. He is only suitable for the war hero. Other characters are directly; they all fit their roles for laughing. <br /> <br /> I am all with motion-slow movies / meditation but this film was moving. It was not a reflection of anything. Just because the movie is a historical theme, a drama and slow-moving game does not make it a well-made film. <br /> <br /> Especially angry is American actor Philip Anthony. His work was shy. If Montano wanted to revive the Visayan film industry he would have to really have this idea. He said he wanted to make the Visayan movies that could compete in Cannes and Toronto but, in fact, this film would have been hit and expelled from the ceremony. In order to get the Visayan movies in common understanding it should have at least made a film that would have attracted the audience, even if it meant the quality of the sacrifice. It is obvious that he did not think about or get information on what kind of Cannes film awards so the spectacular film viewers would have at least a foot at the door. I'm afraid now that the Visayan Style will not be made longer for this film. If I told Filipino that I would like to see more movies than Visayan I would certainly have the answer like, "They Visay have no good movies. Have you not seen Panaghoy Sa Suba?" Of course this is as hard as one example of the Visayan film and probably the only example that anyone today can see. <br /> <br /> The image of video-based movies, not just slowing down, is a Blackout TV or David Lynch's Story Straight. I hate the development of the Tagalog language as it is developed and abused by the rights of non-Tagalog Filipinos people but for the spade call I say that Blackout is a very good movie. These movies rely heavily on what Hitchcock called 'clean movies'. Images without words are used to describe stories. But I have a little clarity for these two movies because these films use images without words to show the status of the movie. and they do very well. Panaghoy thinks that if only they take shots of the scope of the environment then soaked mood. And what has many Filipino movies that involve mom or grandmother die?
