Yes, I can honestly say that this was the first time I saw a film that had no meat or potatoes in it. The entire film felt like it was just a salad without a great course. The story line was destructive and appropriate, the characters were one-dimensional, originality was outside the window, and animation was done for children of four years. What? That covers it? I have never been more embarrassed by the concept in my whole life. I have never read readers or seen other programs with this character, but thanks to other reviews I am not off the basis and my inquiry. <br /> <br /> To get started, the story moved very fast. For a new person with this character and condition, I needed more to build a cause rather than to find a solution. I have seen other characters (if you can call this Anime) who does good things with their characters because they take time to develop them. Nothing has been set for the Death of a Woman. In a few short events, we see his train and Cremator and immediately becomes this fierce beast of Hell. This was difficult for me to swallow, considering the time before being brought as this weak and weak woman who is led by her father. All of a sudden, he has stumbled with hatred and can make war with the existence of life that has been around for millions of years. This was incredible. The presentation of the Death of Lady was poor, to say the least. I felt it was nothing more than an animation character instead of a desperate woman for retaliation. For me, it didn't work. He was nothing more than an eye candy for the old boys who wanted to decrease the large amount of skin that suddenly grew on his chest during training and Cremator. Oh, I felt sick. Similarly goes to the character of Cremator. Who was a random person? The information they provided was not enough, and instead I was left to scream more than real progress. It is a very sad day in hell when we leave the characters to show more violence and actions, especially in the animation feature. <br /> <br /> Then, there was Lucifer himself. Let me just say that I think I can make war with the King of Hell and live. He was weak, his voice was interesting, and he had no image of the image I had in my mind. It was like Disney had control and wanted to make him half a PC. He was not dark and the nature of the destruction that Lucifer includes. He is not the ruler of hell, but rather the lackey only has a greater chance of survival. Speaking of living or dying, how can you die again in hell? That was a concept that needed more information. Many of the characters were worried about dying, when they didn't think even the option that they had already died. Thus they found hell. I think it was this level of thinking badly film me. I did not catch quite the idea that your soul was still in a strong body in hell, but that could only be me ?? or maybe it's because there was no progress in this story. There is nothing built, just organizing. The battle plans were very serious. Animation in this cartoon felt like it was done in the early 90s. There is nothing interesting about the way this film was organized. Why do we, America, are behind the animation? It's so great in Asia, and it goes hard here because we're holding a film like Lady Death which is not challenging or using any part of the mind. We have cheap, and this film shows. Overall, this film was bad. Animation along with the awesome sound function was cheaper. I had a certain place where this film is in production for a long time, which is hard to understand because I think I would make this film on my credit card. The production was bad and the story. Nothing was set up, leaving the huge holes of the plot which almost everyone fell. The power of the characters was not present, and nothing was explained. I lost my time with this and you would like to warn others so that when death comes, you find myself in my situation and feel the fact that you have lost 80 minutes on this waste. <br /> <br /> BLAH! Bridge: * out of *****
