Witch. Quirky. True. Surreal. Battle of Butterfly? One can ask what these words all describe well, and others (those who have fuse and the international film community) can quickly say Success, but others can jump into the train over America and right once, the Butterfly Effect. Surprisingly, I would like to be one of those who cry for a sci-fi movie of the scientist especially because there are no words that I mentioned at the beginning of this verse correctly show the Tautou element that I witnessed. Indeed, we all loved Amelie and we thought she was the daughter of Jesus in the Da Vinci Code, but in this first film director (the film at least at least) Laurent Firode does not give Tautou a chance to shine. Unfortunately, he doesn't get a chance to show himself really because he is very good to find during the "random space" to bring this film to nothing but just a shimmer (never really boil). Firode has a lot, and I use the “perfect word” as a small word, all the time in this film where he could create a fantastic story, a true story of love and misfortune, but instead fell the first face in mud and responsible for The chaos caused by the chaos that destroyed us and the storytellers and stories that stopped giving us down. thinking that this would be another wonderful journey in the French movie Tautou. Tautou is in this film, don't do me wrong, but one can say that he is not in the middle of this story. The work of Firode is to create a series of random events which will eventually lead to a friendly audience (including frustration) at the end that shows the meaning of the enjoyable melodrama. He completely, totally failing. Firode fails to throw, viewers, many characters. In many letters he gives us many random ways, and ultimately does not care who is, or what, or how; Your main goal happens to be based solely on the last credit and destination of arrival. Tautou could save this film from the tragedy that was just like Firode would give the station. Alas, he did not, but he tried to appear to have a strong 12th group through the theoretical hole about the size of a penny. It just didn't work and we were left with a jam that we had already stuck. Firode does not succeed because it takes into account 'careful consideration of the small details which, for one of the most common events of the film, he actually forget the main goal. I can say that there was no ultimate goal of Efficiency. At first she tries to create one with our two main characters who are discovering that they are sharing the same birthday and their horoscope deserves love and moon, but we don't know it in the film. Instead, again, we are bombed by new characters, emerging events, and inputs that are chosen to lead us away from the real and more stories in a world filled with "ifs, ands, and buts". I couldn't do that. I couldn't believe this film. The author Firode (yes, a man who leads this garbage) uses this interesting technique in this film which I once felt like finishing once. He should have been thinking that most of us could not follow the true story (or the emphasis of science) because he took the help of a homeless person to really fill the relevant attachments. I didn't have this need, nor do I think Firode is needed to reduce his audience in this regard. While there were other features that did not seem to work for me all the time (again, I felt like a cluster of the Parisian church paper), this was icing on the cake. I don't need my hand held through the film. <br /> <br /> I'll give this film one star on a loan. This is the most difficult type of success. Travel travels are difficult because of the number of unlikely numbers that have never been counted, but for Success it works because Firode is half to explore different ways. When I am faced with saying that it doesn't work well, it did for at least five minutes to enjoy. I liked where Firode was going with this film, he had a real story of the artwork, but only the final implementation of this film was the film. Philip could save this film if he could strengthen its characters, reducing his strength and story. I think my general image of this film would change if these two simple instructions are taken. O, how I just want to get back to the production of this film to show Firode wrong of its ways. Overall, for the first time (and perhaps the last), this was Tautou film which I must say completely. From the key to the choppy end to the unpleasant end, I just felt that Success had failed because of the leadership of Firode and the amazing sale. Markets are something that I have never mentioned before, but why someone could buy this film to think that it was Amelie 2 (by name given Hong Kong), and why you can set tautou graph on the cover to achieve that he did not carry this film when all. I believe that since the first minute on my DVD player, this film was in shambles. When I screamed his lesson, everything else was under the level of mediocrity. I can't recommend this film. <br /> <br /> Bridge: * out of *****
