I am a fierce fan of the abuse of movies, who can't attack the film for being violent or distracting. I think of the "Death of Cyclone" and every breathing and defending controversial films as "Woman's Day" or "Last House on the left" as real classics. Anyone who says through my other user comments will see that I am really violent / year when it comes to film. However, I think that should have at least some action of violence. This piece is not sure. The first film in the "Pig Guinea" series, "Devil's Trials" (1985) is very controversial, but, contrary to many controversial films, this stinker is never available. I must say that, before I see any Guniea-Pig film, I had a feeling that I would like this, knowing what it is. Because of his status as one of the most controversial films around, however, I decided I could see. I am so glad that I did not lose any money on this pile, and I'm sure I would never waste my time with it. The story of this (I don't even want to call it 'film'): It doesn't have one. Three Scumbags thrive a woman to die for 40 minutes interesting. That's right. There is no artistic value, the 'awesome' story, no emphasis; no. Not just believing that the film shows NOTHING except for a woman being abused for any reason she enjoys the next great service. It's exciting, I give it. Of course it is disruptive to watch a video of torture for 40 minutes. It is another interesting thing, however, it is the fact that many people seem to be like a bunch of trash as some sort of elegant. In fact I can't think of why. The fact that the effects of appearance really can not be the reason, I hope. The girl who plays this role is not a very good actor, and it takes a lot of peace and suffering. That makes the film appear less real, which is, in one case, good thing. This is a film that is a disease; not for his year, but for his destruction, his existence for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of suffering. <br /> <br /> I strongly resist any kind of controls. Since this is 100% fake and no one has hurt during its production, it is legitimate to make the film. However, I can't think of one reason why anyone would like this, except the wrong desire to watch the suffering and joy of suffering. The view of the film "Meat and Blood" came to mind when actor Charlie Sheen inserted it into a hot film and told FBI. From time to time, the film became fake. In general, the "Devil's experiments" is a mock / fake film which seems to have the sole purpose of looking at as close to the real flaming film as possible. The "Devil's attempt" is one of the worst films I've ever had to unfortunately sit. Do not do yourself by giving this piece a try for its complexity. Make yourself clear and avoid. Star zero out of 10, I would have a little bit to measure accurately this level of craft.
