David Mamet's movie film is protected by many as a real-thought movie movie, a movie that makes you question everyone and everything. I saw it for the first time and could not understand what should be so great about it. The movie is about a female psychologist named Margaret who is also the best writer. Margaret is desperate for her professionalism and the inability to help anyone. He is trying to fix this by helping to deal with the debt of a patient with a shark named Mike (played by Joe Mantegna, who is the only reason to watch this film). He knows that Mike is a self-confident specialist when he is near the scandal he takes after meeting him. He is wondering, returning to see him and ask him to show how the artists work (he has a plan to use this as a subject of a new psychology book). Then it falls for him and adhere to him for a long time that he and his associates have started. I do not feel like going to the details, but at the end of the film it is revealed that all the events of the movie were a good deal with Mike and his players beat Margaret out of 80,000 dollars. First of all, a great loss towards the end was very sure. Any area in which men performed work has been made clear by the design process. Not only, but the audience (and the main character) know that they are dealing with men, so is it strange if we see that Margaret has been bound? Besides, Margaret claims to be an intellectual psychologist who is an expert on reading people, however he allows himself to be very easy - and remember, he knows well that Mike is a con artist. Secondly, we are led to believe that Margaret was bound from the beginning, but in order to finally work, she had to do a few things that men could not predict that she could do. First, he had to decide to help cope with his patient's debt, to allow him to meet with men of the first place. If he hadn't done this, the whole whole could fail. I need to say that it is unnecessary to think that a psychologist will take himself over to deal with debt debt. Not only, but what bad situation is that sex men will be on the right spot that night they decided to be shown? Did you just show it on that bar every night, hoping that he would come and see them? Another thing that had to happen was that it could not be predicted is that Margaret returned to see Mike again and asked him to teach her business skills. What? This bad situation happens? And yet the whole concepts are based on this premise. Another problem I was with was the end. Margaret finds that she is bound and decides to take revenge on Mike. At first, Mamet leads us to believe that he will come con, but that's facing, so the last end is his gunning down Mike at the airport freight area. Somehow they just felt like an unfamiliar and unfamiliar way to finish the film about con artists to do their business side. Not only, but he did not even return the money he stole. Finally, the film lets you hear it empty and not filled up. And if you, as I, predicted before Margaret would be bound, you will find this revelation if you are happy.
