I had a strong desire to see this film because it seemed to promise them from coming attractions: Jim Carrey and the power of God was an idea that many worked for me. As a big fan, I was sure she would be more powerful in her feature and the promised premise, and what could be corrupted? Yesterday, my bubble cracked as a whole, boys and girls, because I saw movies. The first act (which is initiated and that he hates his life, he is a broken worker and a very happy girl with a grinding wheel against God) is used, the second step (where he is called by God by phone and receiving all power) is GREAT - Carrey enjoys 'new toys' and is pleased to look, really funny. But the third act is worse than faith. Evil begins to enter after the dinner area between Bruce and her girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston, who comes very fast in this film considering her part is just a plot of conspiracy, even her names NAME's safe) - she thinks she will come 'question' but instead, she tells her (kneeling, still) that she finally gets her anchor work, and not very exciting? He doesn't think so. He wants to be given to him, you see, so he jumps off, see, though he still loves him very much, you see, and all the parts of the film are used to throw us on the head and patent one, more-heavy- given spiritual-sounding cliche after the next, until The last I was praying, too. . for it will end. I had no idea of ​​a trick in the first two actions (one example - in action 2, after getting his power, Bruce Credit in a room singing "What if God was one of us, just slob as one of us", blah blah blah), and I was even willing to ignore the amazing amount of contradiction of our cast (by freelancers, Morgan Freeman - a / k / Son - tells Bruce he may 'T violates the will of anyone but does it, a lot). The election was forgiven - this is Jim Carrey's comedy, headed by Tom Shadyac - this is the Day of the Day. <br /> <br /> Or suppose it was SUPPOSED to be a comedy. When the authors of the script lose the song (in a terrible act 3) and try to turn charges into some sort of (gag) Modern Message, what we find instead is hell on earth. Bruce knows the fault of his selfish ways, he knows that GRACE is his salvation - he must say - grace, and that his priorities in life were very wrong. All this could be done in a low-load way, however. Film was not needed to go to the dumper to make these points. Unfortunately, the authors and Shadyac did not know how to solve the story in any form of cunning, thin, so they went through the bang-over-the-head in hope that we did not realize. They got even amazingly surprising-takes at the end, hoping that this will reduce the bad taste. It didn't work for me.
