Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and talented narrators in the film today. With his shortage and his face of the ball can go just things, and we love him. He has the ability to make mediocre comedies (ala Ace Ventura), and converts them into a good comedic exhibition. Or, in the case of 'Liar Liar', make them some of the most modern modern comedies around. Carrey has also proved himself able to cope with the dramas. He was the best in 'Man on the Moon' and 'The Truman Show.' The boy is wonderful. <br /> <br /> Then comes 'Bruce Force,' the best car for Carrey, and the premise that would have worked; Carrey, after complaining about God and how his life has been broken, has been empowered by the power of God. However, the script is a clean trash recycled. Now, no matter what the bad script is, the invention of Carrey alone makes the area of ​​unfunny funny. The problem is that there are very few opportunities for Carrey to open because many comics depend on the special effects of fraud, and some are amusing. Carrey is rarely able to improve because she has to work around special effects. The authors seem to have thought that all these effects and the power system were strange, because all the film is just filling to give Carrey anything else to work with the whiny character that does not have a completely humorless. It looks more like 5 years' desire for our attention, we want the viewer to find something that he is doing funny, when it just hates. I have enjoyed Jennifer Aniston regularly on 'Friends' and she was good at last year 'Good Girl.' She also has a gift for the comedy, but for the script as a linear as it is, she just given part of a girl's girlfriend. He comes riding, with a grumpy, and no chemistry between two stars. Bruce Force 'must be a comedy that works. But they do not even guts off the issue which says; religion. The little ones (its web is Yehweh), but instead it has just become a comedyic superpower comedy. Not to mention that the change of tone from lust to a heavy load, and even black sometimes. Movie fails almost every level. That's not to see it completely without a laugh, but it's close. Any movie that feels the need to incorporate scenes of dog peeing to get a laughs has trouble. But hey, if you get a joke of funny pee, go to. <br /> <br />
