When I read the summary of the movie, something like what happens when someone gets the power of God, and how he later learns that having a common authority requires a great and powerful role, I though that was a concept and a natural. Composing also promised, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... Do you? Film may have a good idea with good actors, not to mention the cost of concealing the image, could it be bad? It can. The way is good, but the script and the story itself is awesome. Bruce Nolan is, let's be honest, a good journalist, and not a good story (like a great cookie story, it's faux pas, and the Niagara report has been completed fiasco!), He is a very active person DESERVES (he's not a writer good news, he is a player), taking into account his possibilities, and beautiful house, girlfriend's sugar, and OH HORROR !!!! Dogs who are not home training !!! Yes, just Bruce, at the beginning of the movie began to begin to handle GO in "God, why do you hate me!" The way, the average viewer should think: "Why, what is wrong with your life, Bruce?". Bruce is not, and certainly not a real person in life. Many of the problems that arise to him are small and have no value for everything that he incites, and some of them are just the result of his ignorance. Many people have a lot of trouble, very much needed, many people understand more and that Bruce, who does not seem to be human after all, is not even looking at the truth, too angry and neurotic, but God still tells him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks good as God, I can't help just ask what he does in this worst movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his strength? God in this film can give its power to a child aged 5 years and there will be no difference. No, be patient, an intelligent child can use God's power than Bruce. What does Bruce do? It pulls the moon around the world to create a romantic atmosphere, part of the red soup, lifts a beautiful woman's dress on the street, answers answers via e-mail and makes them all true! No longer, Bruce, please! What Bruce did could finish the world, but in the movie, that's not going, because this is a "good, family, movie a small" and it doesn't mean any !!! It's not the feeling of fear, of real humor, of wittiness, of the least of dirt at least !!! Nothing. Just Carrey play silly, which begins to look pathetic in the middle actress actors. Aniston here is standing. He loves color, unknown character of the girl of Bruce Grace, and sits completely in this film. No intelligent person believes that these two have chemistry at all among them. When Grace says prayers for Bruce seems not only disabling and heavy, but lies entirely. These two are not meant to be together. I would like to give three stars, but I doubt the movie fits one. Wrong script, blind dialogue, lack of real humor, wittiness and modern nothing, with non-developed and reduced characters and Freeman and Aniston roles, lack of courage and cruelty, all makes the movie inappropriate ***. But okay, there was a short time to cool, and Freeman is always good to see in any movie so, lets fly three stars.
