I dug this out and watched it tonight. I honestly think it must be 20 years since the last time I saw it. I remember being a very bad film. I don't remember this is bad! I found out that the most likely project would be caused by destruction. Who am I blame for this? Two boys who wrote (and I use that word freely) script? The steering directors are caused by the 3 main characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are among the "surprisingly 5".) Director, who refused to take it seriously, and continue to run a sharp music on bad writing & do bad work everywhere? (I LIKE the theme of the theme - but it should not be used all the way in the whole film!) Don Black, who should be ASHAMED in some of the words he wrote for that music? It says that I must get rid of this out, less than a week after reading a comic book review. The first 15-20 minutes of more-or-less films (actually, LESS) parallel the first issue of comic. As I was looking tonight, I was wondering - why was everything ALMOST changed? Doc is shown, then use its remote control-remote control to unlock securely, and the sniper shot has been lost for 5 inches because the refractive glasses, was only about the same things left. I mean, if you do "change", WHAT DOES GOD'S name change everything? Once you leave the Doc's HQ, almost NOTH is like the comic (which, released Roy Thomas, I follow the following follow book). I read somewhere where they actually connected the 2 different elements of a single movie. Again - WHY? I've heard it changed because they couldn't find the type of budget they wanted. I am looking at the film, and I think ... THE INVESTIGATION OF THE MONEY The word describes what I saw on the screen! <br /> <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they should look true for this. The best thing I can say is, I think it would make a big feature twice with the BATMAN feature of 1966 - and probably it's the third largest bill and that with FLASH GORDON of 1980. All 3 films are "deception". Perhaps we can "blame" the 1966 film (and TV series) for this. Some fans have complained over the years that BATMAN's Adam West had destroyed the pictures of comic books in the minds of non-authors of the fans. I think that can be said for Hollywood. I am reminded of how many, true BAD videos from the "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (it seems to me) at the end of 70 years and early 80's. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, Destroyer Lone - all "killed" by a variety of Hollywood who think, "OH, comic books! So you know it must be STUPID!" More if they are "stupid". What to lose capacity. <br /> <br /> I would like to say good things ... With the script and leadership, Ron Ely is MKU. When I read the DOC SAVAGE story, I don't think about the image of James James, I think of Ely. Bill Lucking (formerly on A-TEAM) is strict. Eldon Quick (whom I have seen elsewhere, but can't remember where) is severe. Paul Gleason - who I was totally struck with a desire and revenge in BREAKFAST CLUB ("teachers" as he played had to be banned from teaching ever anywhere), could be the best of "amazing 5" in the film. Pamela Hensley - although part of it was almost uncertain from the original story - it's strict. Before letting her hair down, I realized that she was looking for HELL's much like "Ardala Valmar" from the bad John Calkins BUCK ROGERS that prompts me to read the other day. He has a big nose like Ardala - just not as it was known. Quests Ardala really looks more like a movie 1936 Princess Aura - or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take a pick of yer. (Ardala really got plastic surgery in George Tuska strips - after, was stunning!) <br /> <br /> Paul Wexler, funny enough, I saw last week just in GET SMART piece. I wonder if he was something like the character he was supposed to play? I don't know, because this character was not alive in the film film takes its head from.
