I was fortunate to meet George Pal (and still have my DS DS: TMOB introduced himself) at the meeting after the release, and asked him why he chose to make a film "film". Before answering, two studio studios have stopped and have learned about how the label "knew well" and how "nobody will take the film seriously". I was reading the names of Bantam for a few years to a friend (ComiCon who attended the 1970s will remember Blackhawk and his band? by weight, and thus making 'camp' was the only way. Several other fans jumped on my side, and Pal listened as he could. At the end of the event, Pal came to us and apologized, if he wanted to do more and better. <br /> <br /> STAR WARS sets false to flacks, and a year after the death of Pal, Spielberg and Lucas has shown that Doc Savage could be a simple franchise of the film ... if it was not of flacks. <br /> <br /> Removing the document or history of Doc, and the film would have been worth a score of 6/10 as anything more than an unreasonable popcorn seller. But destroying such a heritage was not a little disgusting than killing a child in a pot. Doc Savage may still come to the screen, and keep it comparable to the inexperienced and inexperienced to Indiana Jones, but it will be done with all the rigorous and harder to get the glory that we should expect from the First American Superhero. <br /> <br /> SIDENOTES: Yes, there was a second script for ARCHENEMY OF evil, and it's much greater. Yes, there was a photograph of photography at one time, but especially to set up shots and very little with actors. And, yes, there_there_support one of Ron Ely coming on a brick wall and hit something on his shoulder and a special gun made of brass. Ely wearing the duster on the button under the white shirt and the tie of the brass, with the words "DOC SAVAGE: ARCHENEMY's Evil ... Come to the next Summer!" POSTSCRIPT: If anyone knows who the studio label was accompanied by George Pal in 1975 to San Diego for that convention, the fighters prophets on the head and call those who live. At that time, they were doing dorkknobs with Fu Manchu in pants and baggy canvas pants, and making Paramount portfolios.
