When Ben (Red Foxx) finds his wife Beatrice (Pearl Bailey) has fled with her own brother, he runs his son Norman (Michael Warren) to open his story of woe - just to discover that Norman has a secret partner: Garson (Dennis Dugan.) say, Ben is not well-off, and many problems follow - including Ben's attempt to get Norman on having homosexuals to tie with a hooker (Tammy Dobson.) Unfortunately, this movie's movie looks more than entertainment than the movie itself . <br /> <br /> Written earlier for the theater and Ron Clark and Sam Bobrick, NORMAN ... WHAT? was a great tragedy in New York's stage. In order to give its position, I saw that it was done in the 1970s as the production of theater games - and when no one could accuse him of anything except a detailed location, the player played so much and that it proved to be quite exciting. It is a pity for the cast of this film did not do the same. <br /> <br /> This is a picture of the motion used. Red Foxx, one of the most 20th century car artists, is about funny here if you washed yesterday, Michael Warren (who later appeared on the HILL STREET BLUES for a better effect) he struggles with Foxx to see who can give the worst performance, and Pearl Bailey is not back; told the truth, only Dennis Duggan, Tammy Dobson, and comeo and Wayland Flowers have a spark - and sadly, that's in comparison with all the cast. It is not just a film made badly, it looks bad. According to the film's film, this was the first major effort to show on video video, which was transferred to project cells for the project - and believe me, it shows. The movie looks like a bad sitcom of 1970 to below the emerging skyline visible through the windows of Norman and Garson's apartment. <br /> <br /> Some films are very bad to be bad, but NORMAN ... IS WHAT? not one of them. I can conclude my answers to this film in two words: if you lose. Do not give it, do not borrow it, do not take it with ten feet. Just return slowly and then run like hell. Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
