There is nothing amazing about 'Mr Amazing' Williams'. Part of this film problem is its first actor Melvyn Douglas. He was a good and lazy actor. For his many works, he allowed his beautiful appearance, the glib and (usually, but not in this film) a good writing document to create his ability to act. I didn't like Douglas as an actor before knowing anything about him as a person; I have learned enough about him to know that I also despise his politics. I will give Melvyn Douglas credit for one thing: its chromosomes produced an amazing talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. Melvyn Douglas made this movie after the 'Ninotchka' brilliant ... city! 'Mr Amazing' Williams allegedly be a comedy, but I did not laugh at it. Douglas has a detective army in the squad, named Kenny Williams. I've never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but they called Kenneth Williams ... well, what is going on. The whole city is in fear because the usual killer continues, killing women. There is no reason for this; just loves to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams to the seat to consider his failure to kill him. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS APPROACHING. Joan Blondell has a low cost, bad, unpleasant member of the mayor. (He doesn't feel writing to read the letter, a very low type.) Blondell and Douglas faced like a cat and dog, so it's obvious that they will end up together. At this stage of the film, Melvyn Douglas decides to draw the murderer as a woman. You don't want to see Melvyn Douglas in drag! He is more than six feet, and even lowers off the mustache. William Powell, who had done the same, was an actor similar to Melvyn Douglas (but more talented). When Powell revealed himself as a woman in 'Love Crazy', he had a perfect stretch of his mustache: a true sacrifice, as Powell needed to grow again for his second role. But Melvyn Douglas brings anything to his role in this movie, even knowing. He plays his drag and smirk similarly used in many tasks. On the other hand, 'Mr Amazing' Williams has several of these amazing players who made the Hollywood film '30s are very happy. Edward Brophy is a brilliant here, touching with amazement as a criminal who gets an impossible furlough from his life sentence. Dyspeptic Donald MacBride is as good as the striker who misses the killer, and is close to the round. Ruth Donnelly is a princess: as usual for her, but here she gets an opportunity to show her talents away from her orbit of the usual Warner Brothers backlot. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and Dave Willock are all the best in small tasks. Barbara's pepper (which I never like) is good here too. Maude Eburne very badly gets screen time; I always hate her, and she offers the same performance in every film ... but other viewers enjoy the performance of one note of Eburne, for reasons I can't understand. If you know of the Hollywood actors of the 1930s, and the roles they wanted to play, one view on the IMDb cast list will tell you who you are a murderer. That's a problem with 'Mr Amazing Wiliams': everything is very obvious. I will add that this 2 film shows between 10.
