Even if you are a big fan of Sandler, please do not bother with this desperate comedy! I bought this film for $ 7.99, thinking it must be at least half of the respect since my husband Sandler is in it and because I think some women would get naked (based on the R-rating women and very covering on the lid). Well, there are very few women cover themselves, but there is no even getting naked. I don't know what was in the work of the Sandler, but I think it was before his SNL days. I can be wrong. This is like watching one of his home movies. He can look back on a happy movie like this and remind you of good times ... but we (the audience) are still going to dry. This is not a "movie"! Sandler speaks very much with the camera, and even admits at the same time that this is "no budget" movie (that's actually, not a movie under budget, NO movie budget). So our work is very good to laugh AT quirky characters. There is not enough plot, it is like a photograph of a beautiful picture - but it is not accurate and unwritten. The boy who played the best player was very interesting and it was implausible for the first place that he would receive a large audience. And Sandler finds a comic impression by saying one classic Henny Youngman line "Take my wife, please" and the audience is down? I don't even try to do anything here. Indeed, the most recent and recent films of an unknown Sandler to make many senses (penguin in "Billy Madison," midget in "Happy Gilmore" Happy Place) but comedy works. This is a very tough job, and even if you are so eager for the early days of Adam in the film - you are still not interested. You are better off looking at her start on SNL or maybe her place under "Mixed Nuts." Of course, Sandman is not just a lost actor in this unapproved car. Billy Bob Thornton also makes a short appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a role to help with Young Young Burt (from "Rocky" movies) plays an important role. This bad comedy will probably collect dust on the rental section of 99% of your local video store - and so on. <br /> <br /> My logo: 3 (out of 10)
