In Hazzard ward, Georgia, Bo's cousin and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) fled decades with their members Jesse (Willie Nelson) while avoiding local authorities, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). Their problems with Boss begin only if they learn that he has been planning to plan the metropolis for the most important ores found under it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen a TV show and after watching the movie, I'm not going to start anytime soon. I love stupid comedies but this didn't give you a lot of laughter. It was a very good picture and at first it was very difficult to stay. The second part was better but this film was still a lost chance. The film focused on Bo and Luke many ways. The characters in general were not very attractive and the participants they did not did very good work. It was not very good. I did not expect to be good at first place but none of the leadership was very interesting. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville both give less than an exhibition. The end was very good as Stifler but he tries a very difficult way here. The end only appears to be looking for payment and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is unknown to her acting or she is known for her singing. He is famous for having his real performances and by saying things of silence. He is good but he is a weak actor. It does not matter whether it is really good for the film and the character he plays is not hard or nothing. Willie Nelson also has a small responsibility and does nothing special. <br /> <br /> The photo publisher was written by John O'Brien and made two films before the Dukes of Hazzard. The first was Cradle to the grave, which was the same. The second was Starsky and Hutch which was very good. It doesn't work here though if the story is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that could make this film work well. The movie is also very good for comedy. Well, 106 minutes is not long but it feels long because there is very little humor at first. I think the comedies should be placed short or maybe they should get a lot of material to achieve all the time of running. Hazzard administrators do not have enough exciting titles to continue with thirty minutes without stopping 106. The mechanism of the car was normal and they did not have a pre-prepared film. At the end, Hazzard's Dukes can appeal to a few people but most people may find it and it is better if you jump. Testing 4/10
