Film makeovers of old TV shows appear to be a common issue in Hollywood these days, but this is not polite, toilet humor, do-you-kiss-your-mother-and-be-mouth dirty language, rip-off is open in the middle finger for all the Dukes fans of Hazzard both north and south of the Mason-Dixon Line. From the opening of Bo and Luke Duke's opening of dancing to uncle Jesse (no shine is run in the show because he could put boys back in jail because of a parole violation) and install a sequence of Uncle Jesse cigarette weed with Georgia Governor Jesse was a moral condom in spite of his previous transfer methods this despair of the film is an insult. I can't tell you how many parents I saw got up and removed their children from the hall within the first 15 minutes of film when they realized they were horribly fraud. The original Dukes of Hazzard was a family show with basic moral values. The original Dukes of Hazzard was a safe child, Hemi powered, showing the joy that parents did not worry about teaching their children seven words George Carlin. I have read reviews that show that the show and movie are nothing but discrimination. Those employees can be correct on the film. Those doing it are ABSOLUTE wrong about the show. The show, like anything, was about how to get together and be friends with anyone. Hollywood has finally come out in open about their violence to those of us, Yankee, Rebel, or otherwise, who still believe with respect, honesty, honesty, family, and doing the right thing even if it's not popular. Hollywood has finally brought a creativity to believe that those of us in the heartland are stupid, uneducated, beer swilling, foul mouthed, garbage that will buy any piece of garbage they are willing to sell. Confirm the Elitist of Hollywood that they are wrong. Don't see this MOVIE. Trustees. Complete the Advisor Advisory Boxes and snails and complaints that we do not like to destroy one of the major T.V displays. of all time. Save your money and buy a DVD of the original show, but whatever you do? Don't see this MOVIE
