Dr Hackenstein begins at the end of the last century, '1909 morning of modern medical science' to be correct. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of his recovery to the tissue of living tissue, Dr. Hackenstein can bring a mouse mice which proves that he has succeeded in raising the dead ... Now 'Three years later' & Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) is all around the house of Doc for dinner. As Dean Slesinger & Dr. Hackenstein eat talking about hackenstien attempts that Dean Slesinger has been against, Dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesinger his laboratory in his attic where he sets the head of his wife Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker) who died in a 'accidental' accident and can talk to telepathically with him (Christy Botkin offers the voice of Sheila definitely). Dr Hackenstein also shows Dean Slesinger leather skin around the castle and explains that for the process he has made it will bring Sheila again. The teacher has some kind of catch and seems to die. Meanwhile, Wendy Sister (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) & Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) with Brother Alex Alex (John Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) drive around the house of Hackenstein when they are lost, looking for shelter and support & get to the entrance of Hackenstein. Dr. Hackenstein invites four travelers who were moved to stay at night. Later Dr. Hackenstein is visited by two robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) & Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey) who offers male body when Hackenstein needs female parts for Sheila. Dr Hackenstein became a professional that decides to lose the opportunity to have a good little specimens found and start to 'borrow' pieces of bits 'n' which he needs to complete Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Written and guided by Richard Clark I was so surprised and Dr. Hackenstein, I will say right now that it is not brilliant to stretch any imagination but why I liked it so much. It goes at a good speed even if it makes a little drag in the middle if things are living. Script tries to combine the slapstick humor as a place where Dr Hackenstein tries to stop Melanie and tries to remember the brilliant house of his blind house Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn) for running & Hackenstein putting Melanie behind behind Yolanda who seems to feel for what is happening, by touching gore but I'd say Dr. Hackenstein is more than comedy than fear in birth & feel around. There are other interesting violence and sex acts that are also good to laugh, Dr Hackenstein for Wendy "would like to see my instruments" as an example. I also thought about the situation when Mrs Trilling (Phyllis Diller) told the lost daughter Olin (William Schreiner) was a good splendid circle around the circle pointing to why she does not want even though she has just been told, why the cell has no prisoner in it and that if she didn't seek cousin worried about it. There is not even one shouting loud but I must admit I found it exciting sometimes & I saw the film as a whole being amusing silent. There is not much on the screen screen, a few feet cut, the head of Sheila played, the combination of treatment with those skinned animals who are obviously fake by way. I liked the characters in Dr Hackenstein too, which was amazing itself. Acting is not brilliant but giving everyone a loan they are struggling with, much of the movement of widespread and widespread failure means that it is never enough, oh and the three birds in Dr Hackenstein are good if you know what I mean. In fact the film is the same, and again it will not succeed to win any Oscars but it should give at least one film maker to try to try to turn off the period of the century. It doesn't work all the time, the clothes are against the other times, girls seem like they are from Victorian England when boys seem like they are from the west. The house looks like all filmmakers removed anything modern from the room and stick a few candles there! It comes as a bit to the cheapest side but in fact it's not a bad film to watch at all considering. It can do without comedy music though. Overall I have enjoyed Dr Hackenstein much more than I thought I would like, though that's not the recommendation. It is certainly not the best comedy film that has been made and certainly not really bad. A sufficient piece of fun.
