There seems to be a very good reason that I have never heard of "Dr. Hackenstein" in front of me and my husband and wife have been injured by an accident and in ignorance they decided to give them a chance. The reason is: it takes! It is very insignificant, dull, ignorant and very frightening. True, being honest, I don't even know if this was meant as a comedy because sometimes the script takes itself completely and tries to really hard to be truly an ultimate attempt to the original 80 of fear. In 1909, in the morning of the new era in medical science according to the opening procedure, Dr Elliot Hackenstein especially needs three women? no more, no less? to fix his beloved wife who was killed by an accident. He is just a living head left now, but stupid body artists only offer male cadavers. So, when Dr. Hackenstein explaining "I need three female bodies to bring my wife back", his words are not cold and there is only a miraculous appearance of three young people (with one bitter child) and car problems showing the door. Why didn't that happen? "I need a group of women with sexy trick to fill my empty harem !!!" ?? Look, no! However, a good doctor sees his wish to be completed, but unfortunately ?? what is that science? continues sympathy to one of three girls. "Dr Hackenstein" is a burning film that tries to earn money in the success of "Re-Animator" and even deliberately stealing some of the comical features of the classic, as the title given one-time liners. It is easy to see why this film is not mentioned anywhere, as it does not reject fans or fear or kind of comedy. The funniest character is undoubtedly a great voice to talk to Ruby; shown by the rivals who fought with Anne Ramsey. The 80 items of fear will remember him from the "Crazy Friend" of Wes Craven, where he played a young Hagg neighbor who gets cut off by basketball. "Dr. Hackenstein" says it is happening at the beginning of the 1900s, but there are hardly any attempts to re-create the situation at the time (except for some cars). Dr Hackenstein's laboratory is a small piece of 80 set, with all kinds of smoky cans and tubes full of fluorescent colors.
