I don't know why I love Dolph Lundgren. I think seeing him on the screen makes me feel that anyone who works hard can succeed regardless of talent. That's a good feeling for all of us who do not have talents. Some reviews describe how detention is detected, but many ignore the positive signals. Any movie which at least one angry guy is killed can not be bad. Why are so many movies that have been beaten by young people always need to involve young people who have no views? Is there no other kind of youth? What? Every young man has a black black man? One skillful nerd that no one likes? One girl who is very good and (in this movie) pregnant? One who opposed a white child from a broken house that everyone agrees is talented (but what talent?). And one black-colored child who has lived with the Universe and so cold that all other ignorant children believe in him. Then add a few young people who use any color. They don't have much but shot at some time. The prison would be better if bad people got to hit school. Preferred by local authors. Negotiations are wrong, and the plot is worse. When bad people (and a girl) finally grab a van full of drugs, then it sits in the van. They drive to school because they want to re-color the van in the school color shop, but never get close to re-painting the van. By the way, it would have been simply easy to put all the drugs in another car or two cars or another van or truck and drive away without repainting Police Van. They will also not take drugs or sell or do anything for a bigger score. For some reason, they will decide to kill the children and the teacher (Dolph Lundgren) even though the bad guys take no one to school is by far aware of it because it is after school hours. Few people still in school have nothing to do with painting cars, why would you follow them? However, the best part of this film is that all the bad guys are armed with various machine guns, and they continue to meet young (including a guy in a wheelchair seat) and shoot hundreds of bullets for teenagers and usually lacks. Near the end of the film there is blood. Every time someone is shot, there must be at least three hundred shooting missiles. Stunts are very bad. <br /> <br /> I read one of the comments about saying that this film and the budget of $ 10 million, and I am amazed. When I saw the movie I figured maybe Lundgren had done so as some kind of love work for some school school where she is a teacher. If perhaps this movie was their end of the year test. It was a test to look at, but I passed.
