The 1963 edition of "The Haunting" has been one of my awesome films for many years, so I expected the release of this 1999 reference for a good deal of fear. It was not found that any track can exceed or equal the original equivalent. Unfortunately my concern was started well: this movie is increasing. I don't know what people who participated in this film thought. Jan De Bont, who appeared to be flooded when he described "speed," does the wrong here (or maybe worse) as he did with many-hyped duds "Twister" and "Speed ​​2: Cruise Control." Hey Jan, stick to movies, would it? Liam Neeson is enough in his role as a doctor-doctor-pretending-as-a-sleep-think he can turn into a very bad performance - but even he can not save safely with a weak story. Catherine Zeta Jones confirms again (as she did in the "Door") that they are not able to work on devices that are provided. Female leadership, who did well in the section of "X-Files," seems to be lost here as Eleanor, who appears very at the edge of the sanity. And the blond man, whoever has, is more wooden than the statuettes of the children that are covered inside the wood near the house. I don't think he changes to mention once during the entire film. (SPOILERS AHEAD) <br /> <br /> Because the first movie worked well is because we were not sure if the house was really haunted or if the exhibition was the result of Eleanor's mental state risk. There are no visible spirits, leaving many to the imagination - some of the awesome films like "The Changeling" and "Witch Blair Project". In this translation, we undoubtedly get tons of CGI ghosts, which are essentially (in the face of a weak / conspiracy script) makes the film not quite possible. F / x is not too big, considering that it has been done by ILM. Saved breath seems particularly fake. The effects on the film under Peter Jackson "Fear them," which I saw before this, was better. Children's pieces of wood, which should appear to be angry, just look silly (especially when they shout), and CGI leaders are not something to write at home about. Instead of offering assistance from bad acting, bad trends, and bad writing, the effects only add to this films. Other dumb events: When three other characters are dropping into Eleanor's bedroom, and not one of them seems surprised to find a great storm rising over the bed. The area where Eleanor "sees" the old woman house hanging on the shelves ... The work here is very bad. And lastly, but not the least, the senseless thing that Guy Blond produces is unconstitutional of what is supposed to be sad, it passes on the furniture, and begins to lose on the painting of an old, wicked man who built a house. In fact we find satisfaction in this area, as a second after his assault, Blond Guy sweeps in a hot place with an old man's spirit and immediately eliminates his head and flue. It was the only part of the film I enjoyed. <br /> <br /> Overall, stick to original original 1963 "The Haunting." Star 3/10.
