How viewers are touched by this new "renewal" of Shirley Jackson's book, which was produced as not the original movie's 1963 movie (actually enough), will stand, I think, for the following: those who were great fans of either book or movie initially will not think a lot of this ... and those who have never been known to either, and where are the fans of the current trend of Hollywood towards "special effects" that the first and last word in how "good" film is, they will love it. Things I didn't like about this accident: <br /> <br /> 1. It was not appropriate for this book. From the articles I had read, this film had to cover other things in a book that the first person had never been. And, that seems to be reasonable, no film can cover the word word for word unless it is a STAND length! (And yet) But, there were things in this film that had no way mentioned or even showed, in the film. He reminded me of the way they decided to kill a black man in the original version of the SHINGING movie. I didn't like it, either. What the press release of the media should say ... "We have a basic, fundamental idea from Shirley Jackson's book, we have placed the same names of houses and several (although not all) of the leading character names, but then we decided to write our own story, and, what it found, we looked at CHANGELING and SHINING and GHOST first, and we decided to give a little bit, too. ”<br /> <br /> 2. They lost all the theme of the pastor of parapyschologist carefully took a stranger who all had raw and paranormal in their pasts, examining the house which actually seems to be "bad birth". No, instead, the "doctor" had each at home with a false ignorance of their "sleep" (invited them there to scare them to death and then see how they did with their fears ... like the labs of the lab, whom he never mentioned was not told that is part of the attempt ... good man). This doctor, who did not have the same name, by the way, was different from a dedicated professional film like the night from the day. In contrast to the information that was used to promote both movies "other houses were bad", this house was not bad but it was bad because of what happened there ... and, this time around, Nel gets unlocking secrets (CHANGELING shades). The only problem was, the secret was said in secret that I am sure that it is still secret to many viewers ... but, then there is no secret in the first place (not in the book), because the house was bad to start with. It was the first "survivors" before they put up eyes on it. Luke's way of showing it was absolutely ignorant. He had to be a gold player who had one day inherited the house (and had a real doubt of his "history") ... and in this he was just a wine-showed, who had a nerd who could not sleep (sleep remembering) and was a liar. forcing. I also was angry with how the movie came from trying to try to restore the original word to the word (the family of Nel's sister's family, and the idea of ​​a small opening of Mrs. Dudley ...) to A fancy aircraft that has made me think more of other movies than TRAINING. It's like it couldn't create his ideas that he wanted to do. <br /> <br /> 6. I loved Nel's description through the entire movie. The content was like a gothiki novel by the way the story was explained to the first person, through Nel's eyes, and we always knew his thoughts. Absolute touch completely lost in the new version. They also tried to make Nel more of the heroine. Nel of nature was not a bad person, but he was a bitter man (he could have been another after the 11-year-old sacrifice of his life to an old arrogant sister and an angry sister?) And he loved it, and he lost his temper. .. This was very close to the truth. This was more evident than in the top of the movie where the author had been looking at GHOST too many times. They changed the house history and did a lot of work. There was no Abigail Crain (Hugh's daughter whose story had found great in earlier versions), there was no "friend", and there was no nursery. There was no "Grace" (wife of the previous doctor) and Hugh Crain's wife died in a completely different way. This change, changed the way of the story. I don't know if the producers of this movie should be happy Shirley Jackson don't walk again on earth or should ... BE SORRY (if it's getting my drift !!! In conclusion, I would like to leave you in other words from the original Luke (the proper use of the word "house" to "movie"!): "This movie" should be burnt down, and polluted ground with salt! still. There is no competition from this.
