Somewhere in his false book, DANSE MACABRE, Stephen King shows that one secret to writing awesome stories is to avoid showing your readers exactly the horrible thing that is waiting behind the door to get. If the door is finally opened and a ten-foot worm walks, the reader may be a little bit scared, but he will also think, “Yes, I can cope with it. , on the other side of the very closed door, waiting to find you. It is completely lost to become a director Jan De Bont more or less to start his movie to resemble and open the door yourself and cry: "Look, everyone, look! It is a long bug of ten feet! ? " The return law returns once it goes. At the end of the movie, the director is, by saying, jumping up and down, banging CGI pot and madly pans, and hoarsely shouting: "Look, everyone, see here come ten-leg-foot bugs! ... And now, here come one hundred-legged bugs! "<br /> <br /> The creators of the film seem to have special effects alone to compensate for all other shortcomings in this effort (and there are many). They can't and don't. In fact, interesting as it is, special effects are so insistent and obtrusive that the observer concerns the wind up their staring - as in congratulations or resentment - rather than sinking in the story. <br /> <br /> For me, nadir of this stupidity films comes when the image, and "blood" around from his mouth, tries to strengthen Liam Neeson (like Dr. Marrow) in the fountain. The film traders did not know what to do with this assertion idea once they had it, so Neeson just locks it into a little water, shaking hands and going to glug-glug. For the next area, a good doctor has found himself away from, hum, he forgot all about the offensive incident. Shirley Jackson's novel has been dropped down on this ignorant screens to the IQ-based stoners committee who thought the way to fear people was making every big impact and louder: "Well, next, let's, make it low , you know, looks like a spectacular face, and uh on it ... and all these spiky things, like, pouring a trap in bed. ”<br /> <br /> The only grace to save HAUNTING is that it eventually becomes worse in fact it's funny. When Owen Wilson (as Luke Sanderson) fell to the ground and then went on to his death of a magic-carpet O, I came close to the floor myself, laughing. , grotesquely handed, quite unpredictable, and filled with clunky conversations and infinite scenes, this void HAUNTING is an example of how to not make a horror movie.
