Haunting, if you have seen nature, you know the great story of the soul, it is perfect in the film. It is a fictional story of 4 people who come into the haunted house and with the simple craft of voice and movement, feared people. It still remains effective until this day if you appreciate the film. So when Haunting was made in 1999, many people had the same response "WHAT?" But in my opinion if remake is of honorable and just wants to reinvent the story to a new generation, I'm pretty cool with it. That is not obvious, this is a disgraceful disgrace that will waste your time and I make sure that there will be no guilt? pft! PG-13, where do they think? It's not clear. When her mother dies and her sister dismisses her, Nell gets a phone call, telling her about a sleepy research announcement by Doctor David Marrow on Hill House, a secret house. After arrival, Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, the wonderful ministers who did not stay in the property after dark. Shortly afterwards, two other participants in the study arrived, Theo wild and "bad executive" Luke Sanderson with Doctor Marrow. Neither the unknown, the true purpose of Doctor Marrow is to study psychological responses to fear. Every night, observers open the door outside the Agriculture House, preventing anyone from entering or out until morning, when observers open the lock. No mobile phones within the Hill House and the nearest town are several miles away. Doctor Marrow reveals the story of the House of Hill. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built a house for his wife, hoping to fill a large family full of children, however all Crain's children died at birth. Crain's wife was killed herself before the house was completed, and Crain joined. On the first night, Theo and Nell start to find something amazing inside the house, including strange sounds and change of unusual temperatures. Nell is facing after the hallway is destroyed by the words "Home Welcome, Eleanor", and it becomes very problematic, releasing confirmation that the house is facing the spirit of those affected by Crain's cruelty. She learns that Crain built her fortune by using infants for the work of slaves and killing them when they had no use. Then he burned the bodies in the fire of the house to hide any evidence. She also learns that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn, whom Nell came out. Everyone thinks he is mad when Nell has confirmed this is where he belongs. Hardly, I tell you to keep away from this film, it's stupid and useless. Without naming the actor played Nell, Lili Taylor heard me completely, his performance, look at him, everything about him, don't let me start on things that I could do to no longer see the film again. Catherine Zeta Jones was not sure in her position with Liam Neeson, an amazing actor lost the talent once again. The effects are on the top and the computer too, I can only believe that they will remove a fantastic classic with this crud. I don't believe, if you are afraid of something, the fear of seeing how you can turn the story of a great soul into a fragile piece of stupid? Ooo, this film has already hurt me, don't see it, it's bad. </ 1/1 / / 1/10
