For anyone who has seen and fell in love with the music of the CHORUS stage LINE, the movie is an alternative player. Not just songs are cut, but unnecessary events have been added, a series of new drums have been taken, and, say, Richard Attenborough doesn't know how to play players. Onstage, Michael Bennett's CHORUS LINE was just: Michael Bennett. His concept, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of hard, hard-to-face realities that made you a bit of "boys" and "girls". The movie, however, has no mercy and depth: executives seem like they are investigating for CHORUS LINE instead of actually inspection. Every move, every line of dialogue appears to be weight and planning; Michael Douglas, in particular, as Zach can also control us that he is a wonderful masterpiece. Even when he gets angry, you can't believe him because every sign, every acceptable word, every desire is explained. And if he is not playing: Kevin Kline claimed for the role of Zach on Broadway. Michael Bennett liked to read, but Kline could not play and eventually lost that part. How I'd like to do that for Douglas! CHORUS LINE is supposed to be a show on nobodies, and away from several recognized faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, like Sheila and Khandi Alexander, of NewsRadio's TV, as one of the many screening players) you are not to be known any of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in any role is a bad decision: when you consider Michael Douglas and resting it instead of girls and boys in line with their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> The real unfortunate that the best sequence in the show (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Tumi and the third, Hello Love) is a sharp cut to make a way for a new awesome song with the title "Surprise, Surprise" amazingly received the adoption of Oscars. "The Cassie drum" has a new song and a horrible choreography - someone is wondering why they struggled to beat the film version when they all want to mess with this form of work. <br /> <br /> For fans of musical performances and those who loved the version of the action, this movie is a sad shame of everything that they wanted and loved. For those who have never seen the original production, either on Broadway or on the tour, this film is the only note that they will have to go with. They will be amazed at how much longer it is to be the music of Broadway's history - until a small show called CATS found it in the late 1990s. But that is a different story, and you don't get me started there.
