Broadway Music, "Chorus Line" seems to be the best music in the theater. It is about the experience of people living in drums; the joy they find, and the sacrifices they make. Each player tries to explore partly in the chorus Broadway line, but what comes out of each other is a story of how their lives led them to dance as a wind. The film version, however, does not share any of the enthusiasm or beauty of the action show, and certainly is the worst transformation of Broadway music, because it does not exist and without any love of dance, nothing. The biggest mistake was made in providing the job of director at Sir Richard Attenborough, whose focus was only given the correct touch and pacing for "Gandhi." Why does anyone in his right mind ask the director of the epic to lead the music in the right place? He has brought us the next problem. "Chorus Line" takes place at the stage in the theater with no real setup and costly change. It is a little flashy of Broadway music, and its simplicity was its glory. However, that doesn't translate well to the film, and no one thought that it would. For this reason, the movie should take us into the lives of these players, and should leave the process of theater and review. The singers could give their songs in other settings and even gave them a flashlight for their first ballet, jazz or pipe class. Heck, they could play on Broadway in their fantastic ideas. However, there is no single sketch of the ideas entered into the making of this film, as a variable for Attenborough for dance and show itself is evident in its lackadaisic direction. Many events have been bad as players tell stories to the director (Michael Douglas) if he wants to hear them or not. Douglas's behavior is important for choosing who adds the ear of sympathy, and who has no patience. <br /> <br /> When the filmmakers pretended to be true to the playing mode, some false changes were made. Very good "Hello Twelve, Hello Hello Three, Hello Love" - ​​the number of grinding steps that took the players back to their youth - was removed and replaced by horrible, "Surprise," a very bad song chosen by Oscar. Add insults for injury, "Amazing" just repeat the same story as "OK, Love" but without wit or pathos. <br /> <br /> There is no reason to see this film unless you want a lesson in what NOT to do while transferring the Broadway film to the film. If you want to see the film's show of this show, the closest thing is Bob Fosse's brilliant "All That Jazz." When Fosse's daughter is in the "Chorus Line," HE is Fosse who would have to share, as a director. He would know what to do with this material, which deserved more honor than this sad effort.
