I do not purist the action. The film could be made to play this, and it would almost require change ... like ci, like ca. But the most common display of this material has been lost or misunderstood by filmmakers who are in full "target blockbuster" feature. It's hard to think the worst director. Maybe only Josh Logan & Jack Warner could destroy this in the same way as Attenborough did. Chorus's Onstage Line was a winning training as a production method. The players responded to the cast call and found themselves sitting next to the applause on their experience of work (70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, gave them a song and threw them like themselves. ... amazing! Modern Modern. ACL's 'story' (in turn) is about responding to a cast call for play which we do not have full view, because play does not matter. It was a meta before the idea was found, 25 years before the adoption with the same idea. The ACL was also the other in the trend of reductivist which remains alive, & which is a symbol of modern innovation: the same technique is compelling ... that there is more drama in the life of an ordinary person than you could connect with the created characters. What is the idea of ​​grace. Action action had one functional area (empty action) and three different ways of changing the background, to slow down the feeling, not to put the audience concerned. The opportunity to return to the story of the actors is seen. It just worked. That was a thing. All these ideas are oppressed or destroyed. To put wisdom, there was no one, and no clothes even until the players came out of their final bow, where “Enjoy” directly, with power, fully held (gold) hat and tails, with the feet we recognize because we have looked at them in practice sessions . The pent-up doubts of play are offered --- and the audience went to nuts. After this grampa fabrics, it's like a hit, planned flight. In fact he has an early, revered All of the Jazz (and Fosse of Dancin's piece) in mind making his choice. The results of Hamlisch were interesting and interesting at the time, but when it was never good. It's like schmaltzy as "jazz hands." And so before Attenborough never touches. He is wonderful in searching for anything that remains, and close it. A simple question may have helped Attenborough when publishing this, "Will I be able to spend even a few minutes with people like these?" The main issue for dealing with any play is how the 4th venue of the theater (important for the absence of the theater) will be considered in the format of the film. Never played more "front". The answer they came was, "Sorry. What was the question?" Healing has been caused by a number of manageable details, for the crowd that lays each other with the audience, and combine their own mix. I had passed my despair when a small refugee was disturbed at the top of the string, playing for the audience (absent). Playing made you able to understand people of sports games. This movie makes you want to stir. <br /> <br /> Maybe Broadway's faint walk of the characters walking straight to the action center and singing their stories to the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of having other characters start here. But the greatest revival of the play will make them feel better than this movie. <br /> <br /> Line of Chorus is a clean schlock.
