In Broadway, the Chorus Line was a clean magic. From the second show it was opened and a burst of amazing power to the great finale, the call to enjoy the pleasures of all the chorus members we grew up and loved during the festival, we were involved - fascinated by personal stories, some funny, some clever, some stirring, of this chorus line. Movie is quite another thing. The current view is on the director - AND what ogre he is! Every time the film takes Michael Douglas, there are words pain and pain, asking questions and instructions, screaming and crying whenever he gets an opportunity. Yikes! It changes the dynamics of the story. In Broadway, the director was actually the presence of an offstage presence, but also was a kind of exhibition device to allow this wonderful story / strong volatile / surprising / hilarious chorus members to be told with insight and clarity. There is a reason why the work won the Pulitzer Prize! And in fact one of the only time the director looked, he was with the comfort of the little Puerto Rican Dancer after hearing the story of a broken dancer. He appears again and finally shows his love / concern of Cassie. But in the cinema, from the second director of Douglas to start the pain of the pain, the stories of chorus members are secondary. It is like in the lousy profession, where the jaded director instead of expressing joy when creating a new show of exciting performances, it is jaded, tired, angry to have inspect members of chorus. At the point, there was an excitement of the show. Here in the movie practically from the word to go, you feel for everyone involved. During the music period, we wanted each of the members of the chorus well, and we would be glad to have it all if they got a job! But of course that could not happen. But in Finale all the time they returned to the magnificent clothing and amazing amazing mirrors on the stage, sometimes our reflection in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, also in the hearts of all members of all chorus accepted and rejected, they were in action The ever to play in the work they loved so much, and bring magic to the theater. In the film, after all the lines of the story are not caused by the emphasis, the magic becomes completely confused. All that we feel (even with the actual call of the curtain), is that some members got a job with a strong director. So all come to the screen and play again. Main item.
