For those who have never seen the CHORUS LINE onstage and they just explain to the story was this film, this film is the same as music music, nothing special, just the same. I have seen a show on Broadway 4 times and even stepped to the show's company's show once and for someone who pretty much memory of the original production, the 1985 film version is bad on many levels that I even know where to start. First of all, for those who have never examined the production of exhibitions, I would like to assure you that IRL during the inspection for play, director, producer, and choreographer never ask personal questions and do not give an insight into why you want to be an actor. The actual inspection of the exhibition, whether for play or music, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you listen as a player, when you are shown a mixture of the bar of the bar once, you do it, and then you decide once if you're in or out. The origin of Michael Bennett's show was out of the life of players and set up for uninitiated desires to make and why so much sacrifice for very little. Play is about these players. First, director Richard Attenborough took many positions for players by making Cassie / Zach's relationship with Michael Douglas as Zach. In play, you can not see Zach ... he is just sound behind the theater and his relationship with Cassie is not related. Cassie was shown on the cabinet in traffic trying to reach an inspection and a chat room with Larry (a non-play character) all added for the film and took a lot of attention to the story. Big music numbers were disconnected or hit again. The opening number in the play "I Hope I Get It" shows all players to make a mix of jazz and ballet and then people eliminate. In the film they beat three hundred onstage players and show them close to hide the fact that they have hit people in the film who can't play (you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Good 12, Good 13, Hello Love", the brilliant exploration of the sound of childhood dancers' children was made again as "Surprise, Surprise" especially the late Gregg Burge car like Richie. The most popular song of the song, "What I Do With Love" which in the show was the most touching song for all lost on what they stop playing, is just another song of love film, they were tired and Allyson miscast Reed like Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography of the film is light and thoughtless and does not use a candle for Michael Bennett's original staging and when you make a film about players, choreography should be special. There are two good players in the film, Gregg Burge, formerly known as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe, and Janet Jones as Judy, but they do not get a chance to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who may be walking and chewing gum at the same time , given one of the best number of show, "Dance 10, Looks 3." I will admit that the end, "One" is amazing, but you wait two hours for it. I would say that if you have never seen the CHORUS LINE onstage, this film can be worth looking at, but if you are an original musician of Broadway ... scared ... be very scared.
