*** This POST faces SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him in all other ways. It also has its own fan website and "the truth of Chuck Norris" which is entertaining. But this movie looks like someone was laughing and the audience put "all the truth" on one film. I don't remember when I lost my time more than this "action". I don't know the worst films that can give you: a bunch of terrorists that they have never thought of thousands of times that try to nuke the United States for a trick in the American soil or maybe a good "chat" and beat the words of wisdom about life and everything else. One can get so bad that terrorists actually speak English in everyday life. It's the last list of stuck. Do not specify a large number of memory pictures that are used in films, which are interesting. The head of the terrorist sends his message to the media through the media when he is taken by the only person who is able to see the cure: Chuck Norris, of course. No one else in the US is not smart enough to see it! And all the steps in holding the head are just stupid. One person is sent to walk through the entire UNARMED terrorist camp (I'm lying, had KNIFE), running his stalkers with JET PACK and then goes to a few hundred, maybe even a thousand kilometers near the nearby coastline (the border of Afghanistan to 450 kilometers away) and the nearest beach) where he is saved by the submarine. I hoped that at least to fight the events would be good, but that's more wonderful than the plot. If you did not know, 85% of the terrorist are chief of military art, but Chuck and CO beat them t * out of them. Not only kill them easily, they can beat and throw them away with one move and bad people jump a few meters like dolls. Can you ask me I watched this film at the end? I did. Why? Because I wanted to see who, among these two powerful heroes, would bring a nuclear bomb of a few hundred megatons of MICROWAVE. Then I crossed the fool. Of course, it's a movie Chuck after all. And it's not just that he did not destroy the nuke and tweezers, but he did - TWICE !! I was able to write a book about all stupid things in this film, but I will be able to use my life. Therefore, the filmmakers of this film made another fact of Chuck Norris added to its website: What? Chuck Norris cut a nuclear bomb? Yes and can do twice!
