I have to admit that I was laughing a few times during this unfinished 2004 holiday movie, but you have already left my short-term memory. In the work that takes place rather quickly to the tabloid watch, Ben Affleck, once told a comic actress who once strengthened the Hollywood broadcasting machine to repeat himself in a romantic guest man. Based on this film, the change does not seem to be taking, because it keeps missing the gravitas that can make him faithful in those areas. When his friend Matt Damon takes a job in the film as "Syriana", Affleck looks at this kind of business pap. Of course the characteristic of the successful but highly self-spontaneous advertising Drew Latham suits Affleck better than other roles that he has tried. Guided by Mike Mitchell (the most popular film of 1999 is "Deuce Bigelow: Male Gigolo") and written by less than four publishers (always a bad sign), the flimsy plot refers to the need for its character The "rental" family living in his childhood home to live out of his fantasy of old Christmas age was not. The concept is really amazing because there is something that says about the cathartic release of the impression we are all directed to feel between the frenzied commercial around the holiday. The real problem, however, is that the movie feels like an extended artwork has no logic or real emotional resonance. Affleck seems to be on an experimental experiment trying very much, but the trap result is a steady motion with the actors who have a more disgusting habit of playing stupid people in the worst films. Fortunately, he has the experience of James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara playing Valcos, a couple who decide to accept Drew's pretending to be his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini has Tom as a gruff, non - a personal family of Tony Soprano, but he does what he can in that role. From his usual SCTV days to Christopher Guest monitors, O'Hara is always a comic gem regardless of the car, and certainly he finds the best laugh as Tom Christine's wife, if it gives one dry or put in a inch - up to shoot the image of dominatrix. In what happens the normal role of the screen, Christina Applegate tries to trust Alicia's daughter, who really becomes the interests of Drew. Despite some good moments when he enjoys the illusion of Drew's sister in front of his girlfriend's family, his behavior seems to change with flashing strokes that make it hard to see what Drew would see in him. The story circles completely without control and the last three and one situation emerges on the other until the merger of the plot is briefly included. It is corrupt that many films were made well since there was no script to finish. It shows, but also I must admit it to the pain of pain.
