I feel that those involved in making "Christmas Live" did not have much thought in the movie. The characters are not found and the conspiracy makes a little impression that the movie played as a rough draft of the script thrown along with a little but one concept of a rich guy of the rich pay family to allow to spend Christmas with them. Ben Ben Affleck shows Drew Latham, a typical Hollywood picture of rich, fashion advertising advertising who buys his way through life. Her girlfriend, Missy, forgot before Christmas because she was disappointed that Drew wanted to take Fiji for Christmas, which calls "family vacation," and the fact that Drew has never brought her family to her. Finally we know that Drew's father left the age of 4, and his mother died, so why is he not just saying that he has no family, rather than letting his girlfriend believe that he does not care for his family. <br /> <br /> Because of the fear of being alone on Christmas, Drew monitors down Missy's (a drop in what I do not know), who demonstrates the practice of forgiveness at her home. When he meets a family living in his home, Drew's child, Drew gives $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family, so he can remember his childhood memories. He gets angry when he later finds that he has a daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because "she does not have a sister," and even goes to write a script for the family to follow so they can do more like her "real" family. There is nothing that confirms immediately when Drew reveals that he grew up without a family but his mother. It is also unknown is the character of Alicia, who is angry that her family accepted Drew's money, and refuses to play with her fantasy. But for no good reason, he suddenly begins to love Drew, and in a matter of minutes he may hate his guts to do as his lover. Drew is a perfect jerk in a movie that even his sad story about Christmas alone his childhood does not give mercy; I almost want to finish, "Just paste! The real reason I don't see my family is that all have preventive orders against me!" (2/10)
