There is a good time at * * Live Christmas * which almost makes the value of pain: James Gandolfini clarifies the shovel on the stupid head of Ben Affleck. This movie is still another example of James Gandolfini's misfortune to prove what a good actor at the same time was hitting his work by working in this film. The little and rich player, Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) is encouraged to believe that one should not be alone on Christmas. (And then, from the beginning, it is a basic problem and suspension of this films: how many people stand for Drew's community, in 2004, are concerned in one way or another if Christmas uses alone or half of the family or and the pastor of fifty dollars?) The story finds Drew to buy family using Christmas and, with a pretense of self-indulgence, by ignoring all the voluntary indication that his money did not buy the feelings he wanted! 250,000, the suburban truck driver, Tom Valco (James Gandolfini), and his lost wife, Christine (Catherine O'Hara), agree that Drew's family, against the protest from their son, Brian (Josh Zuckerman one female) ) and daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate who was very thin). Drew then uses all the films that seem to be recapturing his youth or - something. The message in this movie is as it happens and is unknown as its dry-mouthed story. Faced with many psychological, Drew plasters fake smile on his face and with blindness rests in refusal against every transfer that he was supposed to buy the Valco family to avoid. Which asks for a question: If Drew is paying these people to have a sense of family feeling happy, how he should pretend to be proud to make fun between their obstacles and mental illness on his presence ? It is not the Valco family's family to hide their true feelings and pretend to be happy at the close of Drew - three of the four members make it clear that they despise him. What? He does not know very much that he cannot see that his money did not buy the "family" situation which he was standing in believing was the first place? Like all these movies are rivals, one is wondering how * four * publishers can be able to walk very much in their narcissistic dreams of appearing in a credit chain that will forget any possible situation, or mind. Director Mike Mitchell, who was responsible for * Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo * - standing there. Nuff said. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini and O'Hara somehow manage to shine, and confirm their mettle between this mess. Christina Applegate is a willowy and cutesy and blond and hot in all right places, to despair Drew into small pieces of carcass to many movies, then make close-face and fall in love with him because the script tells him. And I can't go to say that Affleck is a bad actor, but John Schneider will look better on his shoulder. There is a new level of Talent Browsing Search in the city.
