I think this film has been hit here. There are other interesting things in it; for one thing it deserves to get credit to be a science fiction film (ish) which depends on its story rather than the special effects and process of carrying the day. Handling is good, design set and movies are good, and ideas are enough enough (although they begin to appear a little tired after many Mediore Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones of recent years). But the film is not suitable for odds, wooden displays from leading administrators, and end badly worse. The main problem I was was that the protagonist was not interesting and cannot be seen. I realize that part of the story mentions that he should be a bit (waiting for ...) cipher, but I was not quite able to work on any understanding of the behavior that seemed just like an unknown, unknown unknown person. The change of behavior in this sad sack is forced to work on a plot. Leader Jeremy Northam is successful in presenting that the protagonist is frustrated and unconcerned, but fails to encourage any sympathy for him. Conversely, Lucy Liu does what she can with a non-personal character, except that the image of a movie-film film looks like personality. <br /> <br /> One of the greatest desires of this movie is the end. I will not give the destroyers here, but I will say that the last end in the telegram was telegraphed easily at least 45 minutes before it happened. Additionally, having the pleasure of having a movie to consider the ideas for the first hour or so, the end of the sudden and sudden events occur in the worst form of Hollywood film, complete with a great explosion and special effects. McGuffin's film revelations at the end is not done, and eventually the characters seem even less than they did before the main plot of the film was resolved. <br /> <br /> The movie is not all bad, though. It can maintain a low level of tension in the middle of it, despite a slow pacing (although I think I have a high level of tolerance for slow movies). And there are some moments when uncomfortable emotions, surprise Vincenzo Natali was trying to encourage on the face. But in the end, these things are not enough to overcome mistakes in acting and script film. There is probably a good movie that deserves the theme and ideas, but it isn't.
