Let me begin by saying that I often do as the leading style of Renny Harlin, for the most part, and that the movie writer should be praised for some shots. Unlike "Elm Street 4" of Harlin, and "Die Hard 2" that I liked so much, there is something that is not offensive to this film. That, my friends, is a script. Talks in movies like this are always very bad, but this takes a gold medal for folly. There are very dirty lines in this film, I don't even try to remember any of them. Not only that, but the implementation of the lines is interesting and seems to be more suitable for a bad video video than an adventure of action. It's almost like Harlin thought that if they descended the words said, they could improve the script. Instead again. The sad part is that there are talented executives who are thrown into bad roles and bad conversations. Stallone has never loved me, but when he makes circles near Lithgow, Turner, and Rooker worse, there is something wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best offenders in "Ricochet", but comes as a man who cannot act to save his life here. What? How is that possible? I've been a big fan of her and she gets an education in acting with Stallone, who herself has still called-in her performance. The Turner section is small and useless, but it can still appear to be lost on the screen. Michael Rooker can act. I know this because I have witnessed in the "Day of Thunder", but it looks like he is reading his line from interesting cards. Come here? When Rooker and Lithgow have the same events when they talk, I just wanted the movie to be finished there, or to have all their ability to gain their ability to act. Unfortunately, none of those things happened. It brings me to Harlin, who may be the only one to blame for this mess except the screen authors. It is his fault that I have never been into this film, because he would have to make people act. The script is not very good, but the actors are still destroying this film and which should sleep with the director. I don't care how much is paid for special effects, which in many places are good, you can still offer the film and acting badly. <br /> <br /> More, the speed of this film seems to have left. The opening of the opening was good and the airplane was made very well, but you should take into account how the heist results are. I mean I understand that they were trying to create tension with all the bells and films of the airplane, but I wasn't worried if they had money or not in the area. If a wicked person could win earlier, perhaps I should not witness one of the worst movies!
