Okay. Who is it? Who gave 10 Revolver 10 out of 10? Are you coming to your head on Ecstasy pipes? There were many of you. Did you dare to do so? What? Is this a form of worship? Or Guye himself registered 788 times under different names? Before I say anything else, I will say this. Because you can't understand the film doesn't mean it isn't good. Maybe you've got a bad day at work, or sat down to see the film after you had a line with your wife and then you didn't feel. Perhaps there is a greater barrier - if you are not able to mind or a sufficient sense of philosophy to consider. But. And this is very big, but great. The XXL elephants of the mega-but to stop all obstacles / tiles / PLEASE do not break down the hardness of the hardness, and please keep up with this non-square hour for an interesting film. True. You may think you're very smart. You can even think of yourself as a certain romantic figure: an independent viewer handling a jewel against the chorus of sheep-like wassayers. Please do not. You are ashamed of yourself. <br /> <br /> Revolver is losing everyone's time. If you have been thinking about whether for a few minutes, you would like to note too. It was a loss of cast, losing staff, losing pastoralists, and definitely losing a precious moment (you can't stop you knowing) of anyone who was unable to stay in this unsuccessful way, the wretched mess. <br /> <br /> "Stand up," comes the voice in the dark. "You can't understand, its NON-LINEAR." That means that the story does not work in LINE STRAIGHT. This is really a complete work with the SUBTLE of AUTEUR.To talk about difficult questions to avoid. CLUB when you first appeared - didn't you hear it? -They could not cope with the MISSION. They ate the pie of humility now. "I hate to give you a desire, but I am a big fan of Lynch. I'm rather like Memento, so the story told in an unusual way doesn't necessarily fill me with fear. And though I've learned for a few years ago, the philosophy is very interesting. I don't like the Revolver for. I don't like it because it describes being on a big topic, with a big head but it deals with them in such a terrible way of being fun. I don't like it because the characters, without exception, were completely involved. "Aha!" laments the pride of Richie. "Guy is binding his hat to Brecht!" Maybe you're just the same. I think most likely that he can't write a good script of toffee. The Fight against the Revolver and the Fight Club really is true. you have a lucky cookie to reject one towel that makes your ears blood. The combat club has lost the beauty that makes you renew everything that happened. Revolver has, as much as I say, several misunderstanding that provides satisfaction because ... well, they don't mean. If you continue to connect the rug from under the people, you finally get out of their house. And then they lock all the doors and windows. And they never allowed it to come back. Forever. <br /> <br /> Guy Richie seems to think that being a filosophone involves repeating the mantra of a few buzz words. Many of them are spoken, but often they shine on screens and roles. It's almost pathological. But what makes this film so important is the way that something unknown is able to get married correctly with all the clichés of the world. Finally it is enough. You don't care about anything. You don't understand anything. You're going home. True, there was a little that I loved so much: a lovely killer who has a crisis of confidence. He is great. But I can't recommend you to see the film just to see him. He just in it for a few minutes. <br /> <br /> Please believe me. It's awesome.
