After seeing "Running" on a plane towards America 3 years ago I really believed that I had seen the worst movie ever created, and I could relax safely in the experience I never suffered very much in front of the screen again. Unfortunately I found last night this was not. Revolver is very bad I am thinking about suggesting friends to go and see, so I don't feel like I am just one ignorant enough to get in this look. In fact it is quite amazing this film is constantly facing its face, and I mean a loud voice of the main characters, with a complete breach of anxiety! I was really angry at the movies listening to Andre's droning enough for what it looked like a half-film, while all thinking - Turkish would have been doing with this full gangster / con man, whatever he should be, when he did "give" him ? I'll tell you what. He would have told f ** k away, he slumped his head off, and looked for desperation as his non-walking companion as soon as his small chubby feet could carry him. What do I mean we should believe is through Jake's head when they give him a "solution" for his trouble? They are men, so they must also have the ability to treat anonymous blood diseases! I mean ffs. What? Does he start to wonder why his symptoms don't get worse? What? It is not a debt of a debt on the third day that happens instead of Richie to present the audience to a phone call from Avi to Jake to inform him that he is bound. However, I can add good information to the film by moving to a good sense of humor if it provides, thanks to the same level of the previous videos ???? cow ** t! This film does not try anything like smart as liberating itself through pleasant lines while, oh no. Somehow managed to be very bad no matter I don't really hear as titter from full movie packed ?? and anyone who knows UGC in Sheffield knows how the main screens can get, and not the 1 person that is interesting. Maybe he didn't want the film to be funny, and just enough to still make a good film gangster without a comedy, but was made up of hanging this film I can ask? An unnecessary plot! I'm not real hope! At the most satisfactory time I went last night I had heard a loud voice from all viewers of the audience as everyone prayed fervently so that the film would be finished. It was also quite exciting to look at how quickly the fighters fought and ran for leaving after realizing that it was over, and they were not free from their punishment! I will go around this (I 'you should finish, this writing makes me angry again) to define "end". I mean sh ** t! Last .. .. no, sorry I can't, it should just go and see it. Can't put it in words, just can't, and after seeing it you will know why. Uuhhhhh? shudders ??
