Film "52 Pick Up" does not work. See if you are attracted to Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or anyone who has been hit hard, especially John Glover who has proved to be wise. But the book - to stimulate the slow, interesting and the color of the pulp - should be translated into an attacking Oscar film instead of this dud that did not know if it should be trust the story of the hard boiling, of book crime, or opt for Schwarzenegger's years of 1980's shot-em-up spree. Removing the area from the original location in the book, Detroit (the area where Leonard has lived for years and knows well), for Los Angeles makes a big problem that Leonard tries to fix in his script, but eventually can not. It was, for example, a clever device that made Mitchell's wife a City Expert (did not work in the book), if you think about it: it is the only way that you can show anyone in the sex city like the 1980s in Angeles for adultery, or any kind of sexual scandal. However, it seems more in the East conservative situation as Michigan believe that a) small "porno" industry "is a terrific panic, money-grubbing hell where three lost can be put in a hurry not-so stupid on-middle-class class. their peers through the mid-life crisis, and b) adultery alone can be something that you can accuse a person who, if their top job and the old elders could not handle the shock. The Mecca edge, stylish, more like the "Boogie Nights" film than the dark dark world of Leonard, the shadow of the tourist tourist buses, grimy rooms, and drug trafficking in urban Then again, Los Angeles could be a model of the story if someone planned the environment carefully - there is still a lot of dark crannies and psychopaths there. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider of Harry Mitchell has come in the film as a beautiful Uebermensch, playing with his problems without even working for sweat. In the book he was forming an official union of the union while struggling with a business that was impossible. He also had bones in the closet during the war related to a friendly fire who had their responsibility, but never was found to enter. Elmore Leonard's stories contain a central theme that includes a new citizenship between criminal and legal citizens. Here, Harry Mitchell is sitting in his office with his partner, Alan Raimy, changing his financial books to him and discussing more practical compensation, making the same picture. Glover's blackmailer plays the area with a persuasive mind, but Scheider shows the victim here as "good" of "cocky", being responsible for the situation if he is Rambo more and M-16 than everyone who continues to stay as his world is falling apart. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst conclusions of evil ever, based on all the ideas that came into the original story and then the film. Putting Raimy into the Jaguar of Mitchell and striking music and attacking band music with sad hopes and Mitchell, plays for the audience wishing to “revenge” the end of Chuck Norris's movie, not the intelligent, balanced book of Leonard's book, where Mitchell can't run away from the battle between good and evil can go any way easily. I left the theater shaking my head and sad. It is losing a talent.
