David Chase's "Sopranos" is probably the most popular television show in recent memory. It is not just an intellectual and ambitious series, it has no soul. If anyone who can read knows already, James Gandolfini * is Tony Soprano, a huge hole of the master's oil attack and a damaged bch for the wife, and two-color shirt, sh * t-brained children living - you have become - a piece of America (that's New Jersey, by the way). Not only that Tony is a female prostitute, she is also an unresponsive to kill scumbag, and the staff of "Saturday Night Live" caricatures deserves a skit for assistants. It's not the fact that Tony is a piece of sh * t mobster which harms me (and it looks just me). Allowing the characters to be and what, without judgment, is something that the American TV can't allow. But Chase - and its financial partners, the Emmy-gored locals - not only allowed to recognize Tony and his employees as they do, nor did they attempt to give any insight into the action / response (even plain fictionalized) of the crime (the "Godfather"). ). Instead, Chase honors and approves the behavior of people who are greedy, violent, and destructive as Tony, his wife, and even a psychologist who has a weekly head weekly (or should I say a month after a month. if the 13-season show season is usually the same as the monthly decrease. Much has been done by rejecting a series of links to the "network" structure, and lines of non-moving, and the characters that emerge and disappear as the vermin back. But if the show is brilliant in its lack of structure, why do you always feel like I watch opera soap? The fatigue of people who are tired, exhausted women, who serve themselves, who cannot be excluded and plots that are not anywhere. Over any time, I see why many Americans of Italian heritage are p * ssed in this show. It is enough to make you want to compete with a good book (fountain of Dern "Inferno" to mind). People on IMD want to claim that there is nothing good on television, and therefore "Sopranos" is a breath of fresh air. What? Are these people involved in paying their bills to watch "Shield"? (Includes the Foundation, you know). How (still good) "West Wing"? Or did it well (if properly written) "Boston Legal"? Is the possibility of the best player of the past few decades, "Progress Development"? And let us not forget that we live at the age of DVD - no one has * look * anything new. I would strongly beat $ 40 for a set of the highest price, well, pretty much * whatever *, than to give HBO $ 10 per month (or $ 80 DVD set!) Continue to confirm the amount of the hack factory can be. Do you want a good television? See "Killed: Life on Street." Or "kill one". Or "Picket Fences". Or even the show of the Chase before, "The North Exposure." If you have already been among the "Sopranos Army" of the fan-brain fans and critics, it is too late for you. But if not, leave Tony and his useless family where they are all - rot and fish. ("Sleep" will be a very good way)
