For those who love horrible films and proud letters and stories of evil, this is for you! From New York City's arrogant climate, which comes as a very harsh and hopeless scene, for two leading guides without a lot of moral values, this film is a real downer. Why he won the Academy Award was because it was so frightening at that time that Hollywood, a new brand of freedom to show whatever it wanted and all moral principles left, wanted to celebrate the fact. The authors of the film were then six-year-old with an unlimited cost account in a local candy shop. Thus, Hollywood gave the viewers of the theater (perhaps the first time) the level of rape, adultery, homosexuality, child failure, homelessness and other strange things and the only voices of her broken brain would think you like ... and then you have worked. It also hopes, I'm sure, to shock the ordinary audience. Yes, it succeeded at that level. The audience was amazed at what they were saying and hearing with the University, boasting of having the ability to show dirt and making money at the same time, could not help but give respect to this piece of covered waste. Seventy years ago, as a young boy, I got this interesting film, too. However, seeing again in the 1990s left a very bad taste in my mouth I never look to see again. <br /> <br /> Acting was good, but so what? Working is good in many films. No one has ever said Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight could not act. Hoffman was very good in his small days in playing lost people. He was like Johnny Depp of his age, playing guys like "Ratso Rizzo" in this film and then going to be "Rain Man" later. Yes, "Ratso" is a character that you cannot forget, and "Joe Buck" (Maximum) is one you want to forget, but the story is very bad, it exceeds the good acting. <br /> <br /> This movie is not "art," and is not worth its many awards; it is only a long-term enrichment in 1969 and that's why it is remembered in the hearts of film and critics. It is two hours of dirt and evil, religious cheap religion, glorifying weirdos (Andy Warhol even gets into action - not surprising), and many people despised. I did an interesting song, "Everyone's conversation" that helped make Harry Nilsson famous, but even that was bad because Fred Neil wrote a song and sang it well, before Nilsson did .... and a few people have ever heard Neil (which is losing them). And - as described - the name "RZO Rizzo" type to stay with you! <br /> <br /> The film is a symbol, but for the worse, I fear: this mark as "official" which Hollywood had dropped toilet, and has remained in the sewage since then.
