To a large extent, I can easily abdomen on the screen of the screen, gore and overlap, but what makes this film worried and worried is to see how the doctor's behavior continues to run over physical damage done to women who are being raped. He, John Cassavetes of "Child of Rosemary", speaks of the rupture of the uterus, dry sex and heavy loads of red seeds (?) If they are the most common diseases in the world of medicine. That is said, "Incubus" is a terrible effort to STRANGE finally. Not necessarily is bad? though not very good, don't? but it is very clear. The abuse and abnormal script refers to the beginning of the killer of the meat and blood killer (though the head shows the inclusion of a natural organism) and does not seem to stop the introduction of new characters. None of these characters, especially the main ones, come with respect and for some of the reasons that are not all explained they seem to keep the secrets of darkness. The doctor mentioned earlier has an extraordinary explanation of the love of the daughter and the persistent behavior as she is the defendant, the city sheriff (John Ireland) seems to be in a state of intoxication and does not care even who cares about who continues to rape and kill women in her district, The female journalist is also very old with words and Galens (old witch and granddaughter) is just gray. Together they are struggling to solve the mystery of who or what actually destroys women's cities producing ingredients. The building process against rape and murder is admirably the atmosphere and the wrong actions themselves are blood and unsettling. Basically these are the most beautiful things in the awesome movie, but the story of the story is not the foundation and the characters do not like the most "Incubus" to be a very good film. Also, there are a few parts to stimulate striving through (like the artwork of Bruce Dickinson!) And typically John Hough's reliable approach is almost unknown. The last shot is an effective night, though. For myself, "Incubus" was a little disappointment, but there are still a number of reasons to suggest this amazing piece of horror 80 for clear-type poets.
