Two couples Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) are enjoying the beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing the joke of each act. Mandy has hidden in an old cabin, mobilized and raped by an unknown defendant. Roy tries to help her after hearing she is crying but she is killed. Dr Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new to Galen after Sam's wife's death. Sam is called in action by Chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy are found. He makes autopsy on Roy and takes Mandy to his terrible injuries. Once a farmer in a local museum named Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) was also attacked and raped. A journalist Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reports these events and tells Sam that the same string of murder and murder occurred in the city 30 years earlier. More rape and murder occurs. At the same time Jenny Tim Galen's partner (Duncan MacIntosh) has had fantastic dreams and dreams and believes she has something to do with evil deeds. Tim's story and digging in the past cities make Sam sure of the existence of a so-called Incubus - a dynamic creature and a demon-possessed creature that just exists! Guided by John Hough this is one of the most awesome films. The script of George Franklin according to the novel and Ray Russell is slow to say at least. No interesting or exciting occurrence and finishing with one of the boring no eventual rejection I ever saw and frustratingly just to finish suddenly. If the story continues on the snail speed there are a few rapes, but nothing is shown on the screen. There is only one prison in the entire film as well. Monster itself is shown only at the end and has all three short events. Everything about the production of this film is static and flat, the film does not have energy or speed. Acting is lighter and you feel no care for anyone. Check out the location in the autopsy room where you can see the boom make on the screen several times. The kind of terrible films that you will forget during the day. Real-time loss, do not worry.
