Stephen King is generally known for stylish, and that's the same, but this story is very bad. Some movies, at the end you feel sad for characters or situations that are set ... here you just feel sad. The movie has a good feel (for the first time), with family migrating to the country, and the old creepy Fred Gwyne greetings and warn them about the pet cemetery, but this plot causes anywhere. It starts with a very great potential, but in the end, it loses the possibility of becoming a good movie of fear, and becomes corny, very stupid, and ultimately sad. Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage, and their cat moves to a new home in Maine. They warn the neighbor of the farmer loony Jud (Fred Gwyne) about the cemetery of domestic animals and how to be cursed. Louis doesn't think this thing and everything fine until the family cat is killed. He puts it in the cursed tombs and returns to life, always dismissing the family and wanting to be left alone. One day, Gage's babies run on the road and are beaten and killed by a truck, and Louis knows that he must bury him in the cemetery. When Gage returns, he changes and wants to kill. With most of Stephen King's works that do not translate well into the film, I charge both directors and journalists. In this case, Mr. King was the author of the text, but I will blame him for his bad story. In the end it is so useless, and though we do not like, the firm is laughable. The little boy comes back from the dead and can kill people for what appears to be a few tragedies, and not only, but he can lift their bodies and in one condition, carry the body from floor to floor! ) I know this has not been set up but really, how can this get folly? The place where Louis injures his dead, now living again the cat is killing is very strange, because the cat did not deserve this. All that was done was to talk about his own business and killed it. The area in which he injures his newborn child is close to failure. It is not sad, but the whole situation is just bad to think. After the introduction of the Gage patients in a weak state before the fall of the dead .... why did they need to make a live film with the death of the child? But ... even worse, the end of the film involves Louis to put someone else (without going to give him) in the cemetery after Gage to kill .... what was he expecting? Why did King King write this terrible story and why was it released? It is sad and useless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * out of ****. 90 months. R for abuse.
