Family and father Louis (Dale Midkiff), mother Rachel (Denise Crosby), 10-year-old Eileen (Blaze Berdalh and Gage 3-year-old) (Miko Hughes) migrate to this beautiful house in Maine - apparently does not know the semis which plays under the highway in front of their house every 90 seconds or so! neighboring neighborhood (amazing Fred Gwynne) makes them feel at home… and shows them the graves of pet where children bury their pets. it is a holy land that can raise the dead ... but the dead return to a bad situation. DEFINITE SPOILERS ** Novel and Stephen King was good - it was for a long time but it continued the characters and situations that made you look at what happened. This tries to develop all behaviors and enjoys only violence. KAMOTO (I know it's faked but it's still ignoring); hit by half and his casket pops open during the funeral (in the area completely ill), he is restored to life and attack and kill people including his mother (I DO wonder how old 3 years was able to depend on); The jogger of the soul (don't ask) tries to help the family for any reason ... The movie works for viewers on hitting every violence or violence in your face. It comes out of its way to surprise you. ** PRODUCTION PRODUCTION ** <br /> <br /> Acting cannot help. Midkiff is just as bad as a dad - he's good and buff but absolutely empty. Crosby is not very good. Two children are just bothering. Gwynne one-handedly saves this image with its improper acting. This picture shows a general contempt for viewers to take big rocks in logic and have characters doing many foolish things (especially Midkiff at the end). This movie was (of course) a huge box office in 1989 which led to the worst end in 1992. I saw it at the playground at the time and I was worried about how the audience was happy about the violence and were very surprised by what I saw. A terrible horror movie. A 1 all the way. <br /> <br /> When you think it is all over and you can't get worse Ramones singing song name !!!!!! ("I don't want to be buried in the tombs of the pet"). More than faith.
