Paul Armstrong is a debate, a Scottish born, a law professor at Harvard, known for his opposition to the death penalty, who is employed to take Bobby Earl's case, a black black man from Florida who has been convicted and raped by Joanie Shriver, a girl who is eleven years old was white. Earl says that his confession of crime was found under the face of a sad police officer and that the real killer is Blair Sullivan, a common citizen who has already been sentenced to death for several other killings. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell on the death row, hoping to persuade him to confess to the murder of Joanie, thereby saving Earl from the electric chair. It all goes well. Sullivan acknowledges and Earl has been released from prison when the court appeals his judgment. If these developments take place only after half through the film, it is this time that alarm alarms will start shouting at the viewer's view. "Awareness! Good luck will disappear!" And so it proves. Recent experiments include. Earl, it warns, is actually guilty of a crime that he just bound, and maybe a few others too, but made a diabolical plan with Sullivan to gain his independence; Sullivan confesses Joanie's murder as Earl will kill his parents. (Why did Sullivan want his dead parents not explained correctly). Armstrong now sees that he himself is in danger from someone whose life has been saved only; Earl is hostile to Armstrong's wife, a lawyer, who acted as a counseling case in an earlier case when Earl was charged with rape. The "Reason" is a symbol of the damage to the auto which Hollywood may sometimes like to do, connecting one film to publishing the theme and plot material from the number of others. The first half is allegedly indebted as a film like "Intruder in Dust" and "Kill Mockingbird"; The only difference is that Sheriff who blows out of Bobby Earl himself is black, while in the original films he would be white. (Police violence is now the same opportunities). From the middle of the plot was borrowed from Costa-Gavras's Music Box, although in the film the revelation does not make it to the end. Finally, where a lawyer, his wife and their young daughter are in danger from an old client, it is a clear preference for two versions of the "Cape Fear", which also takes place in South American ponds. Ed Harris's attitude to Sullivan as the religious maniac of biblical quote is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro's version in the Scorsese edition of "Cape Fear", which was made four years before "Causes". (There are publications such as "Just because" very borrowed from several other movies, seven years later his main design effort was, in turn, to be transported correctly in Ashley Judd's car "Crimes Top "). The problem with this type of film text is that the conventional films are less known than those that lead them. It is all very common under the total part, and "The only reason" is a much smaller film than any of those that were cannibalised to do so. Harris is usually a gifted actor but this is one of his weak performances, largely because he is not playing too much character like playing de Niro playing Max Cady. Blair Underwood is similar to Bobby Earl (who says) the innocent boy of the earliest events, but feels like Bobby Earl's psychopath's future murder. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as a black Sheriff is much better, but also not enough to save the film. (Connery and Harris had to work together in other films, better, film, "Rock", the following year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with "Reason only". The first half of the film looks like a typical "liberal" state government, death penalty, anti-racist and key police officers. The second half looks more like the work of the hard worker, preaching the message that all criminals are evil, that the only way to deal with them is to find a seat, that independent lawyers are very important crime crimes and that police officers The assailants should be praised as heroes. Traders seem to be happy that they do not know that the plot of the plot developed in their film had the effect (which is not needed) to change its political status, or if they were aware of the problems they had ignored. Indeed a successful plot was more important than a political position. 4/10
