Sexo Cannibal, or Shadow Hunter as well known among English audiences, begins with actor Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) looking at his new movie sites with his assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After long days Laura is delighted in her bathroom when two very beautiful names of Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans) grew up and took advantage of her aunt Jane. Laura's agent gets a brilliant lease-winner Peter Weston (Al Cliver) who understands the situation, the Laura's on-one island and claiming 6 million compensation. Peter has been told that he will be paid 200,000 to secure him with more than 10% of 6 million. he brings it back, faster than the mouse to run pipe Peter and Vietnam Vietnam Vet buddy helicopter attempt is on the island and decide how to save Laura. Therefore, butchers have Laura & Peter has 6 million but they don't want to give it over that amount. In order to confuse the most of this island alone is the home of the first tribe (hell, in all generations they lived there have only created one leaf, now the first one) who worship some monster dude cannibal (Burt Altman) with eyes like God and human sacrifice & this cannibal likes young people, white meat and female bowels ... Spanish / French and German - written by Jesus Franco who also gets credit for music too . Sexo Cannibal has found a certain amount of recognition here in the UK as installed on the 'Nasties Video' list earlier in the 80's under the name of the Devil Hunter and is therefore officially officially detected and forbidden, said that I do not know why if it's a film one of the worst and even Franco, who is not afraid to be associated with Turkey, decides that he wants to hide under the illusion of Clifford Brown. I would like to think even the most fan of the death of Mrs. Franco will have a difficult time to defend this. Franco's script, erm sorry to mention Clifford Brown & Julian Esteban as Julius Valery who is definitely another less emotion and finished product & wanted his name removed, it's bad. It's simple and straight forward like that. At the beginning the film is boring is not true, the kidnap's plot is one of the dullest I've ever seen without a bit of tension or excitement to share & the horror on the side of things not improve as we get black black man with a combination of stupid eye eyes stupid with two scenes of cannibal. If the awesome movie Sexo Cannibal fails and if the adventure action is not more successful, this is one to avoid. Franco's director shows his usual size, the decline head has been found and the mattresses are lying on the ground with large leaves placed around his neck to try and give the impression not to anything! The events of the cannibal are poor, the actions are lame and have fewer incidents of people randomly walking around the jungle to get from 'A' to 'B' & not do anything when they arrive. It becomes very complicated and sad to look after 10 minutes & don't forget this going on for 94 minutes in an unusual situation. I must also cover the area of ​​the hilari when Al Cliver should plant the plant, this succeeds with Franco turning his camera on his side & having Cliw crawl along the floor! Just look at how his coat is embedded and the way it never took anything as he wraps himself! Gore is not so big and far from the Cannibal Euro movies that this may be very tame, there are close sores on the mouth of the sand as they are looking for bits of meat, someone tied to spikes, there is blood and a few of the intestines. There is the right to fraud in the Sexo Cannibal and the wrong place of rape. Sexo Cannibal must have a low budget and I mean less. This is a non-duplicate film with special effects and low-quality production standards. The only thing to respect about it is the jungle environment which at least seems to be true. Music takes and sound effects become angry because there is a heavy breathing at any cannibal screen on the screen. Acting takes, anything was well known in any way but nobody in this matter can act. Sexo Cannibal is a horrible film that makes a bad mistake of being as boring like hell. The only good things I can say is that it has at least one and the closest of the cannibal meat chewing is very good. Anyone who is looking for a better movie experience should give the Cannibal of Sexo as wide as possible, one to avoid.
