I bought a BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few bucks without knowing what and all I can say is that I have not been disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of these awesome European films that do not have the quality of redemption except for having a totally entertaining, for all bad reasons. Opened alone there was a DVD worth: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, comes to the fortress where she deserves to help the scientist, Baron Dalmar, who is experimenting on dead tissue. On his way to the fortress 1) The man tries to build Ivanna. 2) hosted a castle house with him. 3) The servant wants to be dead. 4) and finally, Baron Dalmar almost visit him and asked him the next day. Hmm ... something tells me he was not welcomed. With such a sad arrival, you think Ivanna would leave that place in NY's minute but no, as many film surveillance, our heroine's "head" decides to stay set and even enjoy candle and Baron's grumpy food on that day. that's interesting. The intro is on top-trashy (it's bigger than the first few minutes of Canadian records, JUNIOR) that I knew I would enjoy this. But it does not have that end. Ivanna is repeated often when she goes to bed at night, just waking up from loss, naked, bound and tortured at S&M sessions with an invisible person. Even after receiving S&M sessions for the night, Ivanna resides in the castle, dully confirmed by Baron's anger that what he sees is not more than a dream. To be expected, even after being treated very badly from going, Ivanna, likes to Baron. Ivanna completely denies anything wrong about him, including the fact that the populist Baron is famous for young women. Every woman in the castle (apparently only women working there) is in love with a bad chump, who does not care to take advantage of good things. Things get even quiet as someone around the property and kills (and has killed) women. Basically, Baron's deformed brother, Igor is responsible for everything. In the windy area, the brother warns Baron not to get involved with Ivanna or will suffer from the consequences. So what do Baron and Ivanna do about this? Well, they are undoubtedly married! During a very short wedding ceremony, Baron is shot by one of the angry people (the father of one of the dead girls). But all these do not prevent Ivanna, who, among all the young women and the tragedies around them, comforts Baron to hurt that "it is a physical wound" and the two can continue to enjoy their honey life in the castle, where the killer / offender / brother of suffering is . The whole thing quickly emerges in the triangle of the night's love, between Ivana, Baron and Igor. Curse all for love! However, you get the idea: the trick is not. Almost everything is on top of ignorance in this film and when it is not OTT, as the probable peak, things get tad boring. But for many films, the director or author appears for one time after another. I like these types of films, everything like a trick like being hit on the head with a sledgehammer, and they have characters living in the eclipse. Even those who made the Retromedia DVD realize this and when you go to the location of the location selection, we hear one of the funniest bits of dialogue from the remaining closed film for an indefinite time. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are beautifully reflected. Loans opening and closing, with these candles and red curtains ... ah, supçon of the class. Sounds are sometimes seen as something from Tim Burton's film, which only adds to the failure of all. With these kinds of films, when young women remove their clothes, they only ask to be killed. As a typical film, I beat the level 2, but if "it's too bad it is a good" film, I weigh it firmly 8 stars. If you enjoy the trashy films, please check this. You must see. The only thing left for me to reflect on: would it have taken the woman to leave the fortress of freedom?
