(various criminals follow) Not Georges Guetary, who sometimes criticizes for being very young and not French. Not Leslie Caron, who sometimes criticizes her very green performance. Even Oscar Levant, who is often not angry, appears from me. No, it would be obvious that Gene Kelly. There is something on his screen appears to be brilliant and is determined to have an influence as an ignorant artist in Paris, the content of stopping critics for an indefinite time, with young children and old women and street painting. That is what made him more effective in SININ 'IN RAIN and other movies where he played powerful characters, with transparency. Jerry Mulligan is in a certain way cousin to Tommy Albright in BRIGADOON, another story of Lerner and Kelly miscast as the end of American independence that falls in love with a beautiful European place with a innocent woman who shows her qualities. <br /> <br> Except that Jerry is not as good as Tommy was poor. That's another interesting thing about this film. Jerry is sometimes cad for Milo, and even worse for Lise. When he first sees the club, he is making a trick to make him go with him. When he resumes he pulls a trick even dirt to get his phone number. He calls him the next day he relies on him, which he takes as a cue drop in his workplace. And in all this it is clear he wants NOTH to do with him. When he starts laughing at his joke in a perfume shop, it is up to reliability as Milo's interest in his pictures. Certainly he is very good and playful, but why should he attack him when he has Henri, who looks like a gentleman of note? It really comes very far because of the actor. As a role as Lise played and, say, Judy Garland, he would have to take Jerry with insult and rage. If he was played by Cyd Charisse, one could delight his guts. But when he played with the first timer Leslie Caron he looks and makes like a shy, dangerous, and as a young man looks like it goes. And why did they choose these other executives (though personally I would like to solve things by changing leadership) when the whole story focuses on the romance of these poor sweethearts young people defending themselves from their promises without love for rich people? Not just Geneelle a few years on Guetari and Foch, he is old enough to be the father of Caron. In short I think it would all be improved by forming a small aid type like Jerry, a kind that usually turned into music roles ... for example Ray MacDonald in NEW GOOD or Bobby Van at SMALL TOWN GIRL. Maybe it is not necessary but a person who loves. A person who could dismiss Lise and make it appear to be a player; a person who seemed to be truly happy living in the hole of Chaplinesque-in-the-wall; The man whose humor and naivete would have been different from the good condition of Oscar Levant's sarcastic. Probably also would have made ballet appear less ponderous. And it can be a voice that can sing Gershwin the best. <br /> <br /> All this can give the impression that I'm not like Gene Kelly. I do like him. He was rough in most of his films, not only this (well, and a few others). I do not despise the AAIP itself, either; has good points, like the art of art. And Leslie Caron, who despite her skills is charming, and actually looks like she has left out of painting. Georges Guetary does a good job with "Stairway for Paradiso" is my favorite number in the movie. Nina Foch is good and touches and you should end up with SOMEBODY. But it's not Jerry Mulligan. I don't want to be that.
