N.B.: Spoilers inside. Putting the artistic director for normal operation normally and no doubt means you will get a piece of thought from the director. But the Wagner's opera guide is a very difficult task, because he was probably the opera composer for the things that should be seen and how it should be opened. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg carries this film "Parsifal," the ultimate masterpiece of Wagner, with enough outward thought to cause a burst to close on the seams. You get more than a piece of director: you get all the fat pigs and then some. Syberberg should be interested in his penchant to eliminate the coverings on the negative aspects of German history. But does it remind you that Wagner's appetite is already full of his own ideas? <br /> <br /> Events with knights of the Holy Grail in Acts I and III are especially depressed with knives and comments. These are available from Wagner's own time, from the past, and go better. If you know what these mean, they can strengthen Syberberg's vision (but not add to Wagner's vision); if you don't know what they mean, they're just mixing, if it's not angry. I won't bother deleting the opera program here. It is worth mentioning that it is an early example of the Gnerians of various things, in this case combining the story of the Holy Grail with the principles, practices, and pageantry of Christianity. The theme of redemption has a major role here, as almost every opera of wagner. I had to sweep so I could go through the first Syberberg act (in the middle of the jarring release, music saved the day). But II Act takes the speed. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil wizard, out of seizing the "stupid fool" Parsifal. The largest Seductress of all, Kundry, will be used to persuade him to the dark side. After the initial fellowship and more symbols, these are taken away, with a long, beautiful duet, and a change between a little fool and a girl tries. Finally the film began to make real magic, and it is mainly due to the choice of Syberberg to put things in common and easily. Suddenly acting begins to work (an amazing actress Edith Clever and a luscious soprano of Yvonne Minton team to create a wonderful Kundry); Suddenly the music seems to have life and make a clear problem within two characters. The camera function stays simple and quiet. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story more about his own issue. And it works well. For me it is part of the most concentrated film. With the re-entry of the Knights in Part 2 of the III Act, the exotic signs of the strange out of coincidence come in again. Other ideas of Syberberg: use the great Wagner death-mask as a large piece set (resulting proboscis compososcis composer to loom comically big); wear the III Law of Knights for all kinds of clothing, weeds and shapes (what does the director say?) What? Knights is a buffon group? Do they show more or less useful rows than their surface work? import? after the wonderful baptism of Kundry and Parsifal? The video behind the operating performances, in the originality of modern days, its orchestra in the studio (this has completely deleted my great thread, which requires a few minutes to connect); completely avoid having any time between Acts II and III (when we meet the knight and the "author" Gurnemanz again, he should be an old man, an old man, and Parsifal should be seen again as a mid-strong but intelligent middle-aged man) ; but the most serious stroke is to break the parsifal character in male / female components. Some find this brilliant stroke. Of course I can bring back Karin Krick, who plays "Parsifal 2," to perform power and respect (it also happens that the best-syncher mouth of both cast). But please ... Wagner's Parsifal pregnancy is already very hard. Its growth from an innocent boy who does not know anything that has gone by, with its realization of the Law of the Aminesas's eternal wound and the meaning of his own, his return as the Great Savior of the Law III? this is a characteristic journey built with skill. The emphasis on bi-sex is just bad and strange. (And what is uncomfortable about Gurnemanz and Parsifal homoerotic? Can we just accept the relationship of the counselor / student, who has changed so much in the III Act?) <br /> <br /> The Monte Carlo Philharmoniki under Armin Jordan plays with enthusiasm and beauty (though chorus is awesome). But after watching this film I just hit the recording of my Solti (proposed) and got my Wagnerian professionals again. The experience of the film to me was very strange for relaxation. With Syberberg's loan, he has created a job to complete the exhibition, and it certainly offers a unique pick on the opera key. But instead of connected to "Parsifal," it seems to have wanted to bring all items to the Wagnerian: man, life, influential ... all in abnormal code. "Parsifal" opera is already full of great signs: Grail, Spear, Sacred Sacrifice, baptism, the blood injury of Amfortas, independently for Klingsor, Kiss, Kundry's Curse, and continue. This will not mean * the * color symbol * which always shows in the logo, in the form of leitmotif of Wagner. "Parsifal" itself is one great sign! To return to my first question, all of Syberberg's panels are so many ways for me. But if this project looks like something to attract your attention, then go to it. I will not only recommend staying away from this; you can enjoy it perfectly. Or if you need something to prevent your Wagner restriction, try ... but please, please, don't leave here. "Parsifal" is in the last league, league league.
