Recap: According to legend, Valkyrie Brunhilda mocked Odin and was bound to a rock surrounded by eternal fire. The only fighter of the heart can go through the fire, free Brunhilda and leave him to Odin's claim, and be with himself. Now, the war is brewing in Norse countries, and the King needs cooperation with Berserkers. Berserkers are fighters allegedly by the valkyries of Odin, like war, blood and meat, and so refugees, but they are fighting a war. The leader of Berserkers is the King of the King, Boar, and the price of his union is his brother, the future king, Barek. But after the King has won the war, he refuses to release his only son who remains, breaking his oath to Boar and betraying him and killing him. Boar is reserved only by the Barek phone on Odin. But this is just the beginning of the war between the brothers, and their last battle is about to start now, a thousand years later ... <br /> Comments: I was hoping that this would be a movie based on some of the Viking lands, the movie very small about Viking made. It started very well too, for a long time with deep weapons, good and appropriate things and proper war. The basics of Aesir's stories are thin and seem very bad to me. Odin is more revenge, angry and absent than reminding him from school, and valkyries have been turned into some demon-vampire. I am not an expert, but that seems to be quite bad. But the worst mistake made by this film is to transfer when setting from previous time to date. If the two brothers had fought it at the right time, and the war was good, this movie would have been better. Now the environment, suddenly transformed to present Stockholm day. However, Odin yukopo and the Boar sends and berserkers to Brunhilda and Barek which offers silly scenes while armed-clad and painted the berserkers placement and Barek between the industry. Good mountains and forests have been changed to cement. And when allowed to focus on one fight, instead of a great war as at the beginning, I realized that the fight with the skills of administrators is slow and uncomfortable. The end result is a thin story, sometimes hard to follow and sometimes just a bit of foam, and the only one that can save it, that step, is given from a slow, sharp and infinite sword. It stimulates very little from Aesir's story or Viking tradition. So the story and all the works failed, and the movies are just bad. <br /> <br /> Finally, like the Swede, this film is a little mess. It is known that it is completely closed in South Africa, it still has the most common Swedish passages, dishes and what looks like a real police car. However, the effort is poor and only goes so far, like putting it in Sweden. There are no Swedish names (perhaps with Anya as discrimination), there are no ordinary Swedish events, they (they think) say little (old?) Norwegian, not Swedish. And uniform, police and medical, it is obviously not Swedish. If they do not even try to do it correctly - and actually give the illusion that you have been placed in Sweden, why are you so worried? <br /> <br /> 4/10
