I am fully aware of statistical data that facilitate the balance between video games and violent real life. The movie is a lie and deception because it is the exact opposite of itself, which is what I tried to emphasize in my previous review. The movie fails, not necessarily because I really think these kids had influence and video games, but because the movie will set up as "random" and does not follow. I would like to explain it. In Aileen: Life and Death of the Serial killer, you can see his claims on the police and controlled by the radio waves are worried, but he is worried, he believes it is true. The viewer can make a difference however. Zero Day, the two children continue to say how they do not influence any circumstances, which are obviously false since everything they do against this. Neo-nazism, talking about going to CNN and Wolf Blitzer (which is not only suitable because they know his name, but his attempt to embarrass the film manufacturer to get the cover of his bad movie) .. etc. This movie is not suitable for 'truth', does not show anything except the verification of verification. Unfortunately it fell to the bait and did not see this, and you searched it from my opinion either. The whole movie takes only a hypothesis of Michael Moore and uses it for something "real life" in the hope of confirming and failing, not because the hypothesis is correct, but because the movie is correct and does not support. Of course I don't think children who play video games are more likely to kill people, but if they are not mistaken, there was no video of the Columbine children's video (or some young killers) in the forest claiming how many looked or acted like weapons in the penalty? Hmmmmmmm, the difference are children who are very well-known media, are affected, but are open to equality or enough intelligence that is not a matter. Zero day is a bad movie not because I believe the ratio exists, but because the film manufacturer doesn't know what hes is trying to say, and the movie makes it more resistant to its action and support it. It is almost like the new voting given to video games has made the person so recommended they came with 'Zero Day' for revenge. If you want to see a 'useless' idea of ​​killing young people have been removed fairly, walk the Expert.
