This review applies to cutting a film that is generally available as "Fury of Wolfman". I understand there is an outline there with additional details, and I would have hoped that it contained at least eight or nine key features that seem to be unavailable in the wards known as the "Fury of Wolfman". In short, movies make absolutely no meaning. It is useless, and unknown for that reason. Waldemar Daninsky, that honorable lycanthropic show is shown by Paul Naschy in a series of endless films, seems to be an ordinary boy who just dropped out of Tibet's trip, where he was attacked by yeti. In this way he has sent him to be a guard. Daninsky is a doctor, a scientist, and a teacher in what seems to be a college. One of her female colleagues, Ilona Elmann, has been linked to an unspecified form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes", a meaningless word known to a wireless group linked to the victim's head. Ellman feels that this will enable him to "change the human brain's mind", usually to enable him to dominate the world, since he can find us all in these holes without trouble. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also within waswolves, because he is taking Daninsky and taking him to his secret laboratory. He has a group of other people tied there too. Some of them seem crazy, and are bound, in different forms of merit. Others are open hippies. Elmann feels that one day he can “help them become human again” (?), But at the same time he controls them with his chematodes. Waldemar becomes a black-colored man, walking around like a hobby zombie - until the filmmakers decide to use what was published from another film Naschy waswolf, "The terrorist terrorism of Frankenstein" (do not ask), at that time Naschy's werewolf makeup has changed very much and he surrounds as an animal. <br /> <br /> What! this makes any sense? No? Good. That's grace to save the film. It does not attempt to involve you in any kind of intellectual level, it comes very fast forward with any trivial dialogue or movie awesome alarms can inspire. "The wrath of the Wolfman" can be the best movie of the Halloween party ever. Surely you do not need to pay attention, and in fact if you do, you will be totally confused.
