I saw this magnum opus for the first time recently, on one of these DVDs that seem to be anywhere today, and it's highly motivated and that I can't get in. For those who have never ordained this importation of the Mexican pain that is very stressful, and want to see it without being affected by someone else's clarity, there are skeptics who follow it. So if you are one of those who are not worried, they stop reading immediately and go and look at yourself. If you are getting too early, you may be lucky enough to finish. Get started on the basis that one can become an animal after a bite of yeast. No one in the film explains how this type of crossing can happen, and the rest of the movie is even more than a lack of loyalty. But make another glass of wine (or whatever it is offered), and let us continue. Paul Naschy (our waswolf) looks like a man fighting with toothache, in a city where only a dentist has taken his Novocaine distribution to a cheap whiskey, and has been snatched since then. (Isn't it lucky?) The understanding of Naschy's face is not intertwined, either in or out of shapes, and no one has given him any guidance on how to act like waswolf. He often tries to imitate Lon Chaney Jr., but most of the time he just walks in his black mafia shirt, like just one dude with many hair faces. Be fair, makeup is better than the actress in it, but continue to be worse. Werecholf's Naschy is the only one I can imagine that the shirts of these changes are twice in the middle of the issuer. She comes from a black shirt and a red shirt, then back to black, then back to the red, then back to black, all in one night, full. Surprisingly, she does Chaney every time she is wearing a red shirt, and a cool dude goes while wearing a black shirt. And it's just when we put on a red shirt we see a lot of the wrath mentioned in the head. There may be something about that red shirt that only gives the animal into it. So, after being bitten by a cross-pollinating yee, the poor schmuck returns home from Tibet to learn that his wife has been sleeping with one of his students. Two unfair partners try to kill him by fixing the brakes on his car. He lives in the fall, and makes it home for just a month for a full month. Then, after chewing his wife and lover, he goes again, and somehow he can separate himself. But that's enough? Can they allow these poor people to grieve for peace? It's not a chance. He is raised by a woman who has a hardcore S / M fetish, known as "Doctor" (and certainly not a new body of Doctor Nani). He strikes and takes kinky kastle, takes him to the shaft, tied to the wall, and gives him a good throw. It is possible that the rope of the fury should be enough to put a little rage into any wolfman. <br /> <br /> After the rampage of his two shirt, our wolves spend most of all the movie walking around the castle, trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) During his walk, he meets an extraordinary clichés, including a man with a medieval armor, an unknown opera phantom of the Opera Cancer (who claims to be Doctor Doctor), and hard - to include the slave of slaves. So what about, one can ask wisely? Someone gets an unconscious feeling that it has something to do with controlling mind, and involves something Doctor calls "chemotrodes." (Best I think. I certainly do not know how it is written, if there is such a thing.) Compassionately, the attempt is failing, and most importantly, before it's time to beat your own foot. Of course, one does not expect any emotion from a film like this, but at least it should be good to laugh. This is not. Forget, buddy. There is a kind of chaos on this film, from a round-together, a tequila-featured scene with its delightful movie and bitter music, which refuses even the sozzled attempt to get any kind of MST3K laughing. If it is not right for it, what is hell good? If Montezuma's revenge may be worldly knowledge and keep DVD, it would look like this film.
