"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" makes a stand-alone story that does not seem perfectly suitable for previous Waldemar Daninsky movies. Some said that this film should be done before the events of "Werewolf Shadow", although it was released later ... can be the same, I don't know. However, in this film Waldemar Daninsky is beaten by a yeti in Tibet (a good conversation here - "It was a gene. But that is not possible. I am a scientist and these things don't exist." That's all. ") And although the sign pentagram, he can prevent the change to become a wolf till he realizes that his wife has been cheating on him. He changes the animal one night, he kills him and his girlfriend before entering the storm and having electricity. who is doing an unintentional test and mental control. He is taken to the bottom of the cage where these experimental studies live like improved animals. It does not matter whether these movies are good, you can rely on each other for good performance. they have a minute-over voice to dubbed on all their lines. And that was a big problem for me ... many of the artists they used were just bad, bad, bad. Whenever I was beaten during the film it was an unusual way that they gave their line (they always seem to have a hero like "Waldeman"). But unfortunately it is difficult to find a small copy of Naschy movies, although they are sometimes available in native language without subtitles. Jose Maria Zabalza's leadership looks kind of hit-and-miss. There are some good visual ideas in some cases, while others are badly built with bad obstacles, especially in the last events when counting . Because of this, it was that Zabalza had been drinking more time during the set. He allowed his 14-year-old nephew to rewrite Molina's negotiations, using extra without his permission, and chose several shoots from Molina's first film. All of this has ruined any position of this film was one of the best works of Molina, and it is not surprising that two have not worked together again. But not all bad news, as there are good ideas here. Other stories of the story make the psychological game of interesting and waswolf as an example of envy and anger. 'Waswolf' idea 'yeti' is one that returned to the future work of Molina. Some of the most beautiful and surreal things go down in the cellar, and there is also a very memorable sequence about half way through the film where Daninsky runs the house from house to village, slaughtering or abusing innocent people while going - one place is especially intense, but actually dropped directly from the first film of Molina, "La Marca del Hombre-lobo" with other few shots. I have seen this movie in general being very entertaining, although there are some problems with the version of Front Row Entertainment, as well as clear cuts (although some of it can only be due to the lack of continuity of the director). Muslims know the damage - I probably try to get my hands on the wrong version sometime later. This is a decent piece of Naschy's harvest that got the fans to enjoy, but it would be better and probably would make a big introduction.
