Evil vendors, bad pictures, choppy conversations, unknown characters, but again it was a bad premise at first place. Basically, a 11-year-old who has been abused because he has very little money is given a blank check with legal criminals. Of course, the age of 11 happens to have enough technology and intelligence to buy a home, cash checks for $ 1,000,000, and even removing three shifts, and reminding three centers. Preston Blake is wrong, bad, young man, who decides that, while writing blank checks and guest visitor, he will benefit from the situation as he can. In other words, he walks into the bank, <br /> <br /> puts the checks he does in his printer, and goes with the money with the money in money. Preston also seems to be able to reach a remarkable speed on his bike, due to the fact that the man who carries Jaguar's car after Preston and his 10th speed could not find him, even when Preston struck the line. <br /> <br /> Of course, with every hokey movie of adventure, there is a need for a heroine of fire. In this case our hot heroine is a FBI agent who threatens a child who is eleven years old Preston, and promises another date when he swims 17. However, the worst feature of this film is not hit, nor his stupid conversation. , such as "The only way I could think of the cat's skin is to hold the hose on the butt and then take the fur". It was, in fact, all the fact that no one in the whole film appeared to realize that the FBI does not give people about non-random people. What I failed to explain is that Preston uses "Macintosh" to put it as a kind of entrepreneur. Of course, the FBI finds this amazing and send our heroine boy after Preston, who uses his 11-year-old wizard when shouting when lobsters is faced with his face, then treating him with hamburgers, ending with screaming through the scene torn cemented where jettioni water from below. Our heroine fails to realize during this whole adventure which the FBI is trying to hitting the slider and interfering behind the two, as they have their way to the Preston limousine, complete with a 1-dimensional driver who never fails to provide cheap, 3 standard laughs that family The whole can be interesting. <br /> <br /> Total: 1/10 is amazing for grace for this film. I don't see how it has only 4.4 / 10.
