I really had no idea that Notorious B.I.G. (Director of Bert I. Gordon, not a murdered murderer) was still working in 80 years! I always thought of the unhappy "Ants Empire" that stood up as its last resilient in the form of fear, but that was before my dirty hands in front of the old VHS titles and "The Coming", totally hidden and the incomprehensible film of magic which actually happened the most beautiful or less surprise! What happens if the modern skies of the recent Covenant of Darkness takes a turn of silence when the 1692 villager can be transferred to the present day Salum, Massachusetts and attack the girl at the history of history. For you see, this girl is a reincarnation of Ann Putman who was a good girl in 1692 and charged with lies about twenty people of witchcraft that led to their murder in the state. The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter and wants to take revenge. But the poor and the three-year-old Loreen is just a guilty girl, ?? or is he? "Burned in Stake" looks like a mix between "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" consisting of a little tad of "Time Machine" thrown to a good measure. The way to go, Bert! The program becomes quiet and useless and every new effort but at least is not quite available in full patience, such as often in other cases of modern magic as "Horror Dunwich" and "Devonsville Terror". The film comes back and forth between current events and 1692 bonds; which takes a rather exciting and fast-paced. Girl Ann Putman is a very attractive character, remembering the character of Abigail Williams in a casual game known as "The Crucible" (also shown by Winona Ryder in the photo of 1996). There is a death cycle of cold, as a teacher at a cemetery or a journalist in a library, which is made by the spirit of a bad pastor who made an agreement with Ann Putman and perhaps even the devil himself. The film gets very nice and incredibly close to the end, but in general there is a great fun. Further, the little you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that it actually builds the skills of more than years.
