I remember on Tuesday, the morning of 18/6/02 being correct. When I was lost, trying to get out of the bed when a terrible blast heard. I went to the kitchen where I had a view of several neighborhoods in southern Jerusalem and saw the smoke of the smoke coming from a distance, the smoke of the smoke was followed after a minute to clear it. I remember running into my bedroom, taking my binoculars, running back to the kitchen and photographing a bus cracked in the glass. The bills were still near the station where the terrorist station climbed over it and with the same device on the TNT device, killed 25 passengers, most of whom were going to school. The friend of my good friend, sat on the bus in the back row, a seemingly objective and unimportant decision that saved her life. I'm sure that every Israel has at least one of the terrorist-related records he wants he never had and was just a matter of time before someone made a film on it. As it changed, the film was almost to be a self-recorded memory. The film is about writing-playing on the run, Haim Buzaglo (shown by, hmmm, Haim Buzaglo who also wrote and guided the film) that uses the best part of his day to make a star race with his non- with a word processor. At the same time, his girlfriend, the farming business of the Israeli business center, decides to make a piece of the former army officer who gave birth to the debt. Buzaglo, bored with a little paranoid due to what is known as physical "what this world is a bright child is dating me" syndrome, asks a private eye to make a guarantee on her boyfriend. <br /> <br /> As a detective examines in his investigation, his investigation goes on to play and later, for the lives of its actors. At the same time, play the metamorphoses from playing the comic within the charges against the transparency of the Israeli society. For the film, well, the movie becomes an editing exercise of frenzy, incorporated into its card characters and unreliable conversations during stimulating miles away from something that had to be addressed first. When I say "cardboard characters" I tell the characters who are under the senior author / director of "meaningful" film, there was no realistic conversation with any reliable. I can't define much about it. It is worth mentioning that I am sure that homeless prostitutes are rarely going to the theater. With the intent to see the play, that's it. <br /> <br /> This movie, according to Haim Buzaglo himself is the first part of the trilogy of the current agenda. I really hope that two other films will come from experience like the one I wrote about the beginning of my opinion against the world of those who have nothing but a conspiracy that is anything but an exaggeration. <Br /> <br /> 4 out of 10 on my fashion movie. <br /> <br /> PS This movie was a symbol of cruelty. It was shot in ten days, everything used for free and the total cost of the film was around $ 12,000 (no, I did not remove zero or two, twelve thousand dollars). It makes you wonder why it took $ 34,000 to complete the Blair Wizard project.
