My beauty is this bad film. I was completely lost by my movie review because this is a certified trash. Yes, yes, good people wear white, bad people wear black .... and good people win. Now go home and embrace your children, and feel how Hollywood has made you proud. Blech! I can't believe this dead movie of the brain was made by Wes Craven. I think I would need a little money to pay credit, so he made this piece of ivory. It is a kind of production that makes anyone who sees the film regularly believe they can do better or better than an experienced director. See, bad man wants a beautiful girl who loves his father by doing something little or something wrong or hurts his father. But that girl All American girl-close, we know she will be able to save the day and beat the evil ... last. Power of the girl ROCKS <br /> <br /> So now, the only idiot could get this recreation ... "The fastest trip to the basket," let's just something new or new. All the "super-duper" reviews you see on this site are from hack factories that can erase this money, restore it, or sell their soul to the devil. <br /> <br /> Rachael McAdams is good .... yup, that's it. It's not good performance, it's not bad ... he's very good. He would need to show a lot of skin to save this film. He is not hard to be a good guide to the female step. Cillian Murphy was at least approved in 28 Days. But here she plays dumb villain pretending to be smart. He climbs his ass playing with 5'5 '' McAdams, because after all, he was cheerleader ... and a camping hockey player ... and I am sure he owns all the tapes of Tae Bo. for rental. I will not hope to steal a gum pack from 7-11. See, this film was done before, unless you did well. Go again to rent any movie Hard Hard. You have loved them at risk, international terrorists, unless the characters are better and more reliable and the wicked are WAY more capable and attractive. I don't know how Hollywood could continue to do so if they didn't know the appropriate models for the copy. No incredible movie income has decreased. Save your $ 6 down to the toilet and save up to two hours of your life you will never return. <br /> <br /> ciao, FreddyShoop
