I have seen thousands of movies and never wrote a review, but the Red Eye I saw has been against the advertisements posted here that I have to give my two cents for the demonstration - and to score the lowest possible only to bring the average closer to the truth. This is a red-colored stinker, which is not only memorable for its apologist's goal of the terrorist apologist (John Bolton-esquire to reassure the diplomat who is really a good guy, you don't know) and the gold oh-handsome and famous (his most purchased book, learning, reading and jumping around the world). The only red eye I had found was to blind my eyes for unbelief. Before the cancellation of $ 10 or so the dollar for this movie B, read "Quotes (from trailer)" selected above, and ask yourself if you will enjoy a real movie that these were a sharp line found. Unfortunately, nothing else in this film is better. The basic foundation is goofy as hell; Acting is bland and is not suitable for work, was not actively in pro / antagonist chemistry; the possibility of the case has been destroyed on every side - except in the last five minutes - by destroying the poor and waiting; The script is closed with incongruities as: earlier shows the heroine as a star university lacrosse are called a question when he will later fight with an opponent and stick a hockey stick; and the holes of the plow are broader than the first Class (while promotional behavior is Coach). And then there is a time of extreme ignorance, as when the daughter of the highest civil servant was not given directly to the security of the airport, at its first time, to warn them about the murder plan against the head of State Security and Fathers her. Or when the woman runs on the skin of the crack-skin beside the linoleum airport, pistoning weapons and nerves in her neck, wearing 4 inch stiletto heels. Or when his follower is also influencing the wound in his trachea. Or when terrorists use fishing pole to bring their weapons from under port port. I have always decided to stop unbelief, but I will not come from 30,00 feet without a parachute. One good thing I can say about this film is that it shows women who are capable (even in a stick stick) to address the most urgent emergency - a type of sex image that is not so much in American movies. Other than this, this film is not quite suitable, and is not more suitable than a red eye bird from Boston to NY. Remember the last time you were drunk with trick tricks and advertisements - in this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those times. Wait for Red Eye video, and just look at it, either.
