Wes Craven, you are ... at our expense. The red secret of the eye is proud ... We are dealt with by a boy who has seen 8 weeks looking at a girl, who then returns to the airport behind him, makes flirts and talks to him successfully, somehow puts a seat next to him two seat seats, not in the middle of five columns of the chair (communication during entry?) and is a good cheezily during building too much. Then, once on the air, in a closed space, surrounded by aliens, he immediately begins to threaten those who leave, if they are very powerful, Rachel McAdams and saying if we 'got a father, we will do what I say, or pop it gets'. Well, forgive me, but he wasn't ready to have his father ready for a slaughter-so-you-better-aughta long before you pass the airplane and therefore would not oh, sooooooo very easy to hit just the gal off the street and his terrible in the room somewhere, forget hard hard and safe father, pull his nails out or nothing until he made 'necessary' key calls required? Or even - this desire is a cinema and we need a few unpleasant problems - to put something that is dumbly clumsy if you have to, but to beat it better to hold him in a bad way until the closed plan is concluded with some emotion, without flight? Otherwise, not wanting to feel like a real terrorist / assassination - it could not have a great work of a bazooka-missile thang that had been used more easily, say, a car that drove the highway, and a local politician, rather than a 50-story hotel in Miami Sea. , from a fishing boat (thought you, as we know, security in Miami is lax, so they will come off)? I know, I know, it's more fun to go through a beautiful girl for 8 weeks, sleeping in her father's house to steal her wallet (somehow - the way of a star journey - it gets transport from Miami to Texas once) to - maybe - to make her arrange a politician to change the hotel room and, and, and ... Well, a thousand things can move here, each one completely destroying Big Plans, why not reduce the low-down features, such as - 1. bazooka. 2. Car. 3. boom! My 50 minutes drive home from the cinema used to show the destruction of the obstacles and hard-hitchcockian, which sadly was the most fun of all the experience of the pole. And on security at Miami airport ... we have a young and warrior boy who runs the airplane, expelled and there, who during the track sits under the coffee, may go elsewhere to read the newspaper on the bar, then runs again like the The top and bottom of all the terminal ... currently also chased by Cillian Murphy who loved (no CCTV then? - I had a gun pulled over me for parking in a bad place for 10 seconds in Miami Airport a few years back). So instead of talking to the fighters - its allies - or getting a blow to a direct call to his father to show him his life is in danger, McAdams prefers rather than stealing Assistant People to take away the family at the airport airport. (call security ...) and run home to the father, lifting the killer and car in the front garden house, in a wealthy neighborhood in the neighborhood, crushing in front of the hall in the process - an act that is slightly aroused from day to day , after a minute, but somehow can not register with the neighbors who do not even curious, so make sure more than 15 minutes to hide and seek shinanigans as duo run around the big Hollodeck home. Dohhh, it really hurts to keep thinking about all - Cillian (certainly his name Silly 'un for doing this?) It may go to the wind from ice killings to be killed (and inept) at the end at the end, this weakness of weakness The human life n ow to allow the father to live so that he could look at his daughter to get her wild cooked. I would like to stop, because the drivel drive I write here should sound like unordinated as Red Eye script. If Ms McAdams was not allowed to get a flight when the first name would be changed, from the 'Red Eye' to 'No Eye, Dear'. RR
