The main reasons for seeing "Red Eye" are Rachel McAdams, who provides stellar performance, and Jayma Mays, who is as wonderful as the Hotel Manager Assistant. On the other hand, Cillian Murphy triumphs because she becomes cartoonish. Other parts of the film are full of holes, which will expand. <br /> <br /> Please don't read more if you don't want to know what happens! <br /> <br /> Here is a parallel plot. Rachel McAdams's behavior (Lisa) manages the hotel where the Director General of State Security refuses to stay that night. Rachel returns to Miami from the funeral, but she calls out from her assistant until the flight stops. Meanwhile, a man standing outside his father's house, Joe (played by Brian Cox), ready to kill him as Cillian Murphy (Jackson) calls. Lisa should all do a hotel call and the Director's point to one where Jackson's rivals are making a fire-driven missile (from fishing boat) to kill the Director and his family. So, here are some holes of a conspiracy or an extraordinary partnership: <br /> <br /> 1. Jackson finally persuades Lisa to make a call, and in the middle, airline phones lose their relationship. Lisa tries to cheat that she is making a phone call, but unfortunately, a boy on Jackson's street gives her phone and begins to call her to show that she is dead. Jackson takes and grabs a call from Lisa. <br /> <br /> 2. One time, Jackson's head-butts Lisa and he, of course, is knocked out ... but for 30 minutes. The mirror in the lavatory (very unusual), and strikes it slightly. Surprisingly, the only person who hears anything is a 11-year-old girl, whose word, of course, is reduced. Lisa strikes Jackson with a pen in the throat as a flight runs, steals his mobile phone, and makes a dash of shade for departure, making aisle between chairs and 18 rows of passengers standing. Despite knowing there is a passenger with a pencil on his throat, airline crew activate Lisa by opening the door of the aircraft. Well, all of these are wise (if not very likely). But here's where it gets stupid. Lisa enters the terminal at Miami Airport, and no mobile phone signal (every major airport in America has a large mobile phone reception). <br /> <br /> 6. He runs through the airport with Jackson following fire, and no security officers even delay. Jackson, who lost Lisa at the airport when a train from the doors had gone to the terminal, lost some of his voice from the pen in his throat, but can still be understood. However, it is worth not to call someone out of Joe's house. (PS: There are no trains on the Miami Airport, but one that they showed seemed very bad as Orlando airport.) phone, cell phone says "low battery" and will soon release (when will they stop using this conspiracy device?) <br /> <br /> 9. When the phone still said "low battery," Lisa had reached the assistant his time to save the Director and his family from a targeted missile launched by a fishing boat on the window of the room on the 40th floor which the Director had moved. The first, and thus reject the whole need of Lisa-Jackson's program. just gets out before the missile stripes. Lisa gives the house of Joe to save her father just to see the killer out. Although he runs away (if he kills) by defeating his jeep in the house, no one in the neighborhood looks or bothers to stop. Jackson / home. She explains to Lisa that she did not kill the father yet because she wanted the father to see Lisa die first (Give me a break. What is this? Saturday morning cartoons?) , Jackson dismisses Lisa close to the house, and he fights with him deliberately. Of course the real killer (ie one perhaps played with Jason Statham) would have made Lisa (or for that person anyone not a killer of training) in the first 30 seconds. During this track, Jackson walks at Joe at least once without bothering him. 13. Finally, Jackson is winning, and he is about to kill Lisa when (you think) is being shot by Joe. So, here's my opinion ... tell Wes Craven connected to fear. Or maybe he should share with Michael Bay (who led the same fool "Island") and make "Red Island."
