I wonder that everyone (even critics) seems to think this was a good movie. It was the joy of the clichéd which I have ever seen. We have a 'bad guy' who wants to force 'a good man' (or girls in this case) to do something or to cope with the consequences. 'Beautiful girl' in this movie must use its direction and skill to win the 'bad guy' and save the day with his loved ones. Use charisma, courage, and even luck to save the day. Where to start? Youth, a young woman named Lisa Reisert meets a young man named Jackson Rippner (good name) at the airport. One of the unfortunate leads to another and soon seems like the fate brings these two together. Share drinks, stay close to each other, seems to interact with each other ... Do you? Is there more attention to this? Can these two mean to each other? Does 'finally' have a reason to meet them with amazing and unusual? <br /> <br /> Well, if it turns, unfortunately yes. Jackson needs Lisa to help him kill the Country Director for moving him from one room to another so that his people can launch his attack. Oh, if it doesn't do so then his father is dead. Although we do not know the exact reasons why and who caused this spirit, more Jackson then explains how this will happen and why it is better for Lisa to help her. <br /> <br /> Of course, Lisa defeats its evil plans and its smarts and in the process of bothering on the neck, makes a trip on chairs, and beat him with a stick hockey stick. O, and before that, he leads him to the urban pilot to Miami where he passes safety 9 and steals the vehicle that he later uses to run away from the man ordered to kill his father. Well, right. Before all, I wonder that someone like Jackson who can get his hands on high tech weapons needs help with a hotel manager. What? Could not just hit a bomb inside the building? What? Isn't it right to be safe for him and his team to stop all three sides? And why do the characters like Jackson also describe everything they do to the person who lives? Isn't it easy to stop them and the same people? The executives did better with the film given. The player McAdams and Cillian Murphy are still actors. Also, I believe that Jayma Mays (who 'Cynthia' who loves') will be the most we will see. It is all so bad that this was done. <br /> <br /> 2 out of 10
