Rajinikanth is born again after receiving magical power that he can use seven times. There are several problems with this movie which is obvious to ordinary listeners: Rajinikanth's 50 is still at home with his parents; the girl's father next to the house thinks it is a "boy" ("vaseekaramaana paiyan"); Rajinikanth suddenly stops the movie and its sermons, the worst case than the old women did their exercise through homework - but we should believe that he is not a major; though he had read well, he left six of his seven jurisdictions over a stupid kite; I can continue, but you get a picture. There are people of God, there are gods, and there are Rajinikanth. The list has a problem with Rajinikanth in one of these categories. In the beginning, Rajinikanth is only Rajinikanth to make the Tanzanian heroes - stand for criminals and, despite being older, beaten by the most beautiful girl in the movie. Rajinikanth makes it very good and some of the trademarks of Rajinikanth are truly enjoyable - "dad's count" is of beauty. What makes this movie impossible is that a few minutes earlier are just the text of the worst book of interruption. Even these preparations are used by a particular comedy that is compulsory and obvious. The director does not describe the purpose of the hero; we see that the hero is faced with several obstacles (from politicians, as usual) but we cannot strengthen the hero because we do not know what the ultimate hero is. At the end, when everyone wants to be a leader, the hero gives one of his sermons and goes away to be the heir. The director provides a solution to the problem in the peak area. <br /> <br /> A. Rehman's mark is very interesting. Perhaps he shows the instructions of beauty or was not worried to invest fully in this film - who can blame him. There is one area where Rajinikanth enters the van of one of the pigs and then gives us a knife and starts his father's count. Music is suitable at this time and works as a catalyst to increase tension. All these songs are political, no one can smell the songs from this film after a few years. Unfortunately, 1 is the lowest level you can share in IMDb. This film has all the features that prove its right to the lowest place of IMDb.
