There is a time in this unique cartoon of pure beauty but generally not very good. A small animation with low-quality design and history will reduce the appeal of the mass market. Design character looks like a cross between the natural Star Wars Clone Wars with Kim Disney's possible, (Brendan, the main character in this also baan unanny bares for Ron drop in kim possible) Background design array away and wider as going from being bland and suppressing for stylish and decline, but for today's standards, generally still poor and cheaper look. Much of the same nature is similar to Eastern Europe or Nordic animation from mid-80s, good in its own way but with modern viewers, used by CG slug and dog talking with every piece of fur on the body they circulate in the wind, are sure to despair. The story is not too busy with most of the sound participants, and it is usually Brendan Gleeson who is familiar with the phone who seems to be calling. There are also a few secondary characters who come as few and racist. However, some of the characters are good, the Viking inhabitants, although they are used well and especially in the look and voice. There is one time that involves the main character and its advisor saved by Wolves from Viking attacks that are very well placed. Appearance and sensitivity also seemed to be strongly influenced by the Fishing Fishery film as well as the stopping / worshiping of the Inlay Rabbit. Checking is also clear and transparently guided by the Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo Saxon art so if you are in these studies can be implemented with his look. The film also has a very good shots that lead the eye through the artistic art, including the cutting of good match matches and a great Viking attack which is very amazing and awesome. Ideally though it is music, a lot of back music is exciting and moving, especially song and girl of spirit which is very good and haunting and works well with photo covers. If the whole film was like a poetic like this time, (and it tries,) then this would be a very good film and poetry which unfortunately still can't reach a large audience, but instead it will not be embarrassed to reach broader audience because many of them are moderate and priced cheap and not standing for modern animation standards. In general the film that defines my views in many ways, but all together is not great but it is important to watch music and song and regularly good or scary. Oo and the cat seemed to live for a long time, without sure how it was possible.
