IN WORK / (2001) * (out of four) <br /> <br /> And Blake French: <br /> <br /> "Under the World" is misleading and desperate comedy makes stay home bed looking at act comedy of Chris Rock on TV look like heaven. Speaking of heaven, the film depends on the 1978 film "Heaven Can Wait." That was a good movie, and this is a good-to-show how a group of journalists wishing to take good materials and turn it into garbage. Directors Chris and Paul Weitz miss miss every target. From the concept to tell the story, "Under the Earth" fails with sadness; this is a very good production. Chris Rock is a good player, both in his place in this movie and in real life. Lance Barton, whose manager, (Frankie Faison) even feels sympathetic to him when he was taken on the night of an amateur at the theater. Once the script initiates its lack of talent, the character is killed by truck speed. Death, played by Eugene Levy, has made a mistake, taking Lance before his number. God's Helper (Chazz Palminteri) is very angry and decides to allow Lance to create his last time in the world, as long as he takes the only body of a million years old 60-year-old. The old man is Mr. Wellington, whose life has its own problems. His wife (Jennifer Coolidge) has a relationship with her assistant (Greg Germann), who borrows her money. But that's the same because Lance, in Mr. Wellington, has fallen in love with a young woman named Sontee (Regina King). At the same time, there are well-known stadiums in Wellington, Lance trying to get a better body, and Sontee's feelings of frustration dealing with The state of the hospital involving Mr. Wellington's funds. "Under the World" has a good idea, but it is in a fiction and non-romantic story filled with information and printed material. The biggest problem that comes in is how we see Lance as Mr. Wellington. Chris Rock is an actress and popularity, so he will not be far from most of this film; All the characters see the new Lance as Lord Wellington, but we see him as Chris Rock. This is easy for love stories; we believe a young woman would fall to Lance, but in fact, she's a geezer old, gray-angry. That's not very persuasive. The one joke situation is supposed to look at the old man doing the wonderful things that have actually been done by the little black man. But what stimulates laughter is when participants get into conflict without their knowledge. Just look "There Is Something About Mary." In funny characters scenes are open to awkward experience, and not to their will. Here, Lance knows he is in the body of an old man, and makes things for the elderly without usually doing. If Lance was not aware of the body he was in, it might be possible. Another problem with the concept: we never knew Mr. Wellington the first place, then how can we compare Lance in his body when we don't know what he was like before. On everything off, Chris Rock needs to be the center of attention here, and makes a character like Rock. He reads an easy-to-use simple text of the right and bitter; His conversation is clear, wood and straight. I hated the feeling of humor film. There is a lot of bad jokes and bad comic conditions. It's like watching Chris Rock that Chris Rock, not a character in the movie. Let's emphasize positive in "Under the World." Mark Addy did not do worse than he did in the "Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas." Eugene Levy and Chazz Palmentari are thrown down, but it's in the mercy of the scalped script. These are all the good qualities that I can mention at this time, and if you give me another week to remember, it's not likely that I will come again.
