Chris Rock deserves better than giving himself "under the world." As directed by Brother Chris & Paul Weitz of the popularity of "American Pie", this uninvited remake of the 1978 Warren Beatty War "Heaven Can Wait," itself again of 1941 "Here comes Mr. Jordan," it is not worth the pride of winning winner Chris Rice Emmy for his first HBO first. Predictably, it gives the words to swear from A to Z, but cares about the word F. Anyone who has seen this African comic and American talented in "Lethal Weapon 4," "Dogma," or "Betty Nurse" knows the most amazing and the word F than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy have included. Sadly, in spite of a few of one liners, "Down to Earth" faces a rock down as a comedy made by an impossible romance romance. "Under the World" completely destroys any good love that Weitz Brothers produced with their wonderful outdoor face "American Pie." This adequate driver describes as a comedy and a comedy and romance of an unimaginable spinning circle. Unfortunately, beyond the ability to cast among them "Monty's Full" Mark Addy, Chazz Palminteri's "Analyzing This," "SCTV" Eugene Levy, and visitor Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr. can be lost in a flat-foot, roles of sketchy. Rock Hardcore fans will undoubtedly accuse their player of love and try to fix something that has never been broken. Basically written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK, and Rock, "Down to Earth" announces Chris as a messenger who climbs a bike for a day in Big Apple and gets blows away from the night point when Harlem celebrates Apollo Theater. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) has a great fear of action. However, his assistant manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal") puts him with a thick and thin. After the Lance learning Theater Theater will make one of the last amateur night extravaganza, asks Whitney to find him in line-up. Forgive me, but if Lance is a practice of death, why does Apollo continue to invite him? At the same time, it finally has something else stored for Lance. While calling home on his bicycle, our protagonist looks at a beautiful woman, Sontee (Regina King of "Jerry Maguire"), crossing the road, but he does not see what is involved with him and kill him. Wham! Lance Barton allows skyward and wreathed halo around his head. Heaven, which resembles a nightclub, Lance learns that the most powerful angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy's "Stay Tuned"), was killed his 40 years before the schedule. The King (Chazz Palminteri's "Analyzing This"), the right hand of God, apologizes and escorts Lance back to earth. Snag is Lance can not restore his body, so he must be in another body. The best that Mr. Keyes can come up with is a slick, white-colored, 60-year-old Charles Wellington. Jennifer Coolidge's "American Pie" and Wellington, who is a Wellington pastor (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and Winston (Greg Germann's "Sweet November") have tried to seize poison. Unfortunately, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance accepts the situation as a loan until Keyes can get the most appropriate body. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington meets with Sontee again. She is a nurse activist to resist her decision to privatize Brooklyn hospitals that serve the poor. While Regina King brings a charisma shock to her role as a health care worker, she drives a characteristic that flows with reliable inspiration in her issues with Wellington. Although he is a black hay again, Lance is not only trying to woe Sontee but also win gig at Apollo. "Down to Earth" shows a rock in its unpopular role. The reason for the player to make this film seems to be of course. He said, he ate lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original script which Scenarist Elaine May wrote to Beatty. At first, Beatty tried gimmick running-fixing himself in his own version by trying to throw Muhammad Ali in the title of "Heaven Can Wait." The program declined, and Beatty mentioned the movie himself. According to Mwamba, longtime journalists have thought that they can 'destroy' this classic. Additionally, he confirmed his choice of "Heaven Can Wait" according to his philosophy of "Doing something that you can do only when you are hot." Earlier, Rock refused the script on the bus's tour of the tour, because he saw a small opportunity to stretch his image into such a walk. As a lifeless player in "Under the World," Rock is not much expansive of its image as it reduces it to the worst! This semi-episode of an episode of an offensive video has a lot to edit comic attributes like Weitz Brothers! You know the film about the player is in serious trouble when the nightclub area is played so you can't hear the joke, just laugh. Similarly, the production of Mark Addy as a Wellington pastor who speaks English of Queen but in fact it is common in Michigan makes sense, too. Addy is the right English, and have no valid fake; His emphasis is true. The biggest emerging and "Under the World" is over again-off-off-again, looking-like-switcheroo which characters make it so Chris Rock does not quite exist from seeing for a few seconds. Although Chris uses a half-film as a white white Wellington, the audience sees him as much as Lance, reducing the comic noise of watching his colored, white, white-colored, white-colored Caucasian, anter-ego ghetto play and sound hip-hop sounds. Surprisingly, Mwamba served twice as a film producer and one of his four authors. The secret is how the richness of the talent as you can move in the wrong way, is corrupted by the comedy. About the only part of the "Underground" redemption is a film of Jamshied Sharifi's laughter.
