I think "The Best of the Times" was the reason why it was lost to get going. The first cluster (the player reduces the winning victory against the high school team, he can never be seen on it and then tries to reunite with the two teams to play again) is one of the worst I have heard. As Ron Shelton continued to write the best films I am wondering if there is more to it. I hope that this film was not a green-cut by Shelton that includes the stories I have written above. We have a foundation. Leaving there would like to think, or hope, that there may be a number of changes when setting things well. No such luck. This script follows every possible cliché you can imagine. There is no time in this film you will see coming kilometers away before the film opens and finished .... well if you can't imagine the end to the end of the first reel then haven 't please or see any movie of the games in your life. Robin Williams and Kurt Russell star (and birth) in the direction. Williams is a poor schmo who has dropped a great deal and Russell is a roboback who threw out the rage. Gee, do you think Russell would agree with just once to see if he and Williams can right off the mistakes that the city has never forgotten? This is a delicacy shop and a script of duck itself that one can just shake their heads as they wonder what might be. Certainly there are a few few and, being honest, there is one realistic scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems and wives invite them to dinner to solve the issues. Neither does anyone know that they are invited on Monday and, yes, Monday's Football Day is. Remembering that two teams are playing one victory, men (Williams especially) are trying to resist the temptation to know how this game is going. The area is included in other pieces of hilari as Williams is going to look at the logo using a bathroom visit as ruse. When he returns he misses a mark for Russell. Later, Russell began to act on his wife Williams driving on their TV from another room. <br /> <br /> It is a leading and amazing area on an uninspired and stupid movie.
