A few checks are one of these children's movies that can be fun for children but it is only a lethal home alone that is not worth the dime. Quigley is a criminal who came out of jail and earned millions of dollars from a big score and then we met Preston's troubled child whose room is being taken by his brothers to start a business and obviously the father does his best brothers because they make money on that day he goes to a birthday The child and since his father is going to the young children as they go up when other children are going to the birthday hats then he gets a birthday card with 11 bucks checks how is this family cheaper? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets the beautiful Shea Stanley were his parents washing the fans? he sees 200 needs to open an account at the same time quigley gives his million to his bank friends and sees that bills are marked so he will send a lackey called juice to get unmarked while Preston left his bike gets run by a quigley's about writing checks when he sends the fighters to return at home, his parents rebuked him on his bicycle and what does he do? their child got around to run and are worried about a bike? So Preston hits a million dollar checks on his computer and returns only to the bank's assumption that the juice gives Preston money but the real water came and realized that they were beaten by the child! So Preston buys a house called Macintosh gets a limo driver who says an unwanted joke and goes to the epic shopping spree and puts Shea and is talking about opening his baby's account and talking about opening an account? Recently we found Shea is actually a FBI agent to track down the quigley and her two other partner then told her cheap father she works to do for Mr Macintosh and uses that day to go to karts to play games vr and executed with her friend's dime bus driver she goes out with a date with Shea in a fancy restaurant what wining 10 years and eating 20 something of the FBI? He then takes her to the road geyser and plays near the water in the $ 300 shea she is still taking good care if this was really true she could throw her out of her expensive costumes so quigley and others still ask young children and quickly lose beans. Preston is expelled by the quigley in the area taken from the original script and after he hosted Mr Macintosh's birthday which is actually his birthday when he discovered he could not pay for the party he sits in Chairman and the father talking to MacIntosh who does not know is his son who speaks and is talking about Preston must be a real child and has his childhood before him and wants Preston to go home early? one hour ago you were laughing at his money! so Preston asks everyone to leave and stay alone thinking while quigley and others go home to make Preston pay and so he faces and then in the end who comes home alone quigley gets a spun next to the ball when Preston runs the kart juice on the vine and The most antics are registered until the three can get Preston and when it seems hope has disappeared Shea and a group of SWAT people come to save the day and so quigley and its staff are used in jail but there is any hope for Preston and Shea? there and kissing in the lips? what? what? The adult woman kissed the baby's mouth. come it he is mentally disabled? I mean the FBI agent who knows the laws of the country could threaten his job kissing baby? he could be arrested instantly! and most of all that is not working and he will see 6 or 7 years! oh dear and so returns home to his family celebrating his birth so that the story of the story is love and respect can be bought? What? What are they smoking? The bottom line is that losing time values ​​lose is flat if the tortilla child disrupts criminals is a comic aid comic is not funny brothers can not be seen the father is even worse the romantic subplot is creepy of grace plot and the only grace to save is movies from sharks The bill that shot the trilogy of matrix and two spiders films so that people do not lose your money and go home alone. This has been the solution of Samuel Franco.
