I don't believe, I wanted the "Spirit". The voices of the voices made during his release on how it was difficult to see the old animation, man-made again, as if the last pencil of the printed pencil was released twenty years ago, with more voice comments about how computers are now doing in the past, they had my blood to ... but then, the ban, the negative feeling that I needed to endure in the first ten minutes of the "Spirit" got my blood even more. Characteristics of the character are typical, animation (part as a result) only the ability, the leadership of the general art so completely, the borly lackluster that you wonder how it can be up (we know, from "Egyptian Prince" and "El-Dorado Road" , that there are talented artists in Dreamworks), and the modern use of CGI is in every instance not to be judged. (Why are they bothering?) There is not one thing worthy to look at. In the animated cartoon, this is bad. <br /> <br /> But it gets worse ... <br /> <br /> Horse can't talk, but they're more anthropomorphised and unknown than the quest in "Bambi", which can. And it seems that, by the way, horses can talk. The Spirit himself gives prologue (voice to the whole world as a 21st-century actor took from shopping mall in California), and since then on his left, the notification of an unimportant decision was not there with a voice of voice, though he never tells us anything that we do not know already, or it shows the impression that the sketch, though poor, was not able to show twice as much. This app, by the way: (a) contains information that the Spirit, we later discover, had a way of knowing; (b) describes the ideas that the Spirit will not be able to explain even if he can say; (c) includes a new litter of such age, "This story may not be true, but what I remember"; and (d) will provide children with a large number (the production is beaten, I think, at the age of six) the impression that the horse is coming from North America, which is true, for a common ancestor of local horses, donkeys etc. was born in America North - but all kinds of horses on the whole continent have disappeared before the first people have not arrived, and the mustang of the Spirit group (which says "here is as the grass of the buffalo") were from horses brought by Europeans. Therefore, the predecessor heard me. As often as Spirit talks, Bryan Adams sings, sounding as usual as he has a bad throat infection - and not singing or even how he sings, what he sings: the ballads of the bullying story which it contributes even less, if possible, than the story of Spirit Speech, and which looks like that all have the same tune (though I was very careful, and was able to realize that maybe they were not). If only Bryan Adams and a boy-pretending-to-horse could have jumped for a minute or two, the film could be allowed to take its true form: mediocre and derivative, rather than jaw-droppingly rough.
