For anyone who prefers movies that can be predicted and sound sounds, a lack of discussion, photographing an idea, and also an exhibition that just happens to be a typical American film, don't see it again. DreamWorks if you wanted to save money to get a talent of sound, or really wanted to create an animated part of National Geographic; any way, they succeeded to produce a bland film and boring. Spirit: Stallion of Cimarron is a festre which provides a mixture of combination with children and adults, and also fails to be happy despite the oh-cutesy theme of animals to win over humans. After looking behind the amazing drawings, what you left is nothing but a great mess. <br /> <br /> The Spirit is about stallion that since the beginning of the film looks like very few, if he is a horse can not be stepped, calming, not controlled. For this reason, he rises up and becomes the leader of his high-horse, which includes his mother. But, his life of independence and walking almost comes suddenly as he was captured by a group of Americans in the process of integrating Western Wild and all countries. At this time, the Spirit (never mentioned the name in all the film around) being a Native American friend of courage, and his female counterparts, and also has a lot to run with military men and brutal nonbelievers stop. Why does movies combine computer and traditional animations? It comes off looking look meshed, something Spirited Away suffered from too. The best example is when the train is looking after the Spirit; you see the Spirit from the hand that moves from the computer train. It would be better if one or the other, but not all; unless you can actually pull good effects. The beauty and the popularity of popular dance uses computer animation, but it is not close to clear as a train or snow in this film. The opening of the opening was the best part of the film, the sad kind of seeing some of the slide slides slightly down to the issue of quality. The small parts are many; I mean many shots similar to the general face, repeat again and sad in my opinion. <br /> <br /> Children can enjoy this flick, but for lack of conversation, song, and motivation, it can be perfect technique in making strong children sleep. When Disney is offended for its animation music, they send it more entertainment than the most realistic way of telling stories like this. Bryan Adams have no place in this film, and why Hans Zimmer has left off using Western landscapes in this film, while the story takes place in Old West? The voice sounds little if you ask me. At least they use the horses' noise, two points for it. However, if you stop the discussion of the horse, why do you even have a writer denying it all the time, which happens to be the main character? Native Americans are good, and West people are evil, Native-murder, horse disruption, rowdy, psychopathic monsters that must be destroyed. More or less, this is the Spirit that shows us. It reaches a point that they are trying hard for viewers to hate Western Wild Travelers; they even had a number of horses riding a big train on a hill, and another area destroying the whole village. Now, that man that had a girlfriend come to betray him, for more than one occasion, but that's a pardon, because he isn't a soldier; that or because she has a female sassy horse. The Spirit is not the victim especially we should feel compassion; The viewer should have mercy with the Spirit despite placing his horse in danger, destroying, and perhaps even leading to other deaths that are being dragged alongside because oh no, the Spirit is in trouble! This film is quite available, as we see in many cases of the Spirit flee from chains, beat people around, destroy property, open horses, and then cut again — all in the same order as well. Authors also seem to have a deficit and falls because they are all absorbed on the movie; for an old Western film, surely they have very little space to walk. The bottom of the bottom: There is absolutely no Disney movie, as a matter of fact is a bad thing, though what they were looking for. Therefore, instead of normal music, we find a stimulating film that is predictable, unavailable and decreases in many cases. Even decent animation becomes the opposite when the computer work is ignored. Everything about this movie was wrong; from the values ​​behind the unborn Americans were the worst grass, with the sound of the sounds and musical symbols that seemed so far away. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which is not widely available to the West, has more to feel West than this movie. Stone and clearance and go completely through all the required methods. Thank you.
