It is good to see the love of Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino, and even Michelle Pfiefer makes one big piece of cinema. It is good to see people becoming rich and 'succeeding' to waste their time on one of the fragments of the film, forgotten and interesting of all time. This movie represents the most Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is this? Is the basis of a true story. Well, it begins with biting the basic information and facts that they read in America today. But then the movie goes to the world of fantasy and the refugees of 'cuban' will do it in American herbal medicine; kind like rocky on cocaine. What are movies about Cuba or Cuba? For my life I do not believe there is one Cuba in this movie. These words are quite fake, and the situation with Antonio's mother looks like a poster to the middle of America's values. The whole section looks like something out of Dick Van Dyke's show. Is this a film about Miami? It looks more like L.A. shipped to Florida. Later, the palm tree is a palm tree. What? This is a novel of romance. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is very evident from the getgo, and no one of the possible possibilities that these two characters can ever embrace. What? Is this a drug drug? Yes, there are no distortions or addicts mentioned. The behavior of the actors after the coke line is not different and if they had drinking water. True, the acting is awesome. <br /> <br /> Let's get to others. Music is disgusting and looks like a latin elevator or something given on the Lawrence Welk show. I think I've heard polka? The function of the camera is shoddy with multiple movements and cranes than it can be effective. Obviously, the photography budget was abundant. Sounds are bleached in several places, and the conversation seems to be done in the warehouse. Writing is amazing. This is one of those movies was the script itself. You come from one part of the discussion to the second, each taking a plot as a brick sack. So I will ask you, Will you? This is a movie? It can be a series of series of games put together for two and a half hours. But at least a series of drama has some kind of target. Perhaps it is just a group of events that were done well. Whatever it is, a movie or not, it's a piece of skin.
