This includes the Publishers. <br /> <br /> I've seen an unfamiliar film like this is. And to be French, it is trying in detail to be enigmatic ?? nothing makes any sense. Léo is gay and has announced only at breakfast for his family that he has HIV. The youngest brother, Marcel, has not yet come to breakfast, and the first thing the family is doing is to decide that at the age of 12 he is too young to be told. Maybe if you had four or five, but twelve? The very first thing is that the family does not even ask where or how they got the virus, how long does it know about it? nothing is asked. Just bother about Marcel looking. This is a very close family family, but although they decide to allow Marcel to know Léo's status and the fact that it is homosexual, the whole family accepts all these information without any questions or traces. How many families do you know where parents / brothers did not have at least SOME answers to one of the members to announce that they are gay? Here, no. Léo decides that he needs to go to Paris to see his old girlfriend. And he decides to go with all the people, Marcel. Do you know anyone who will bring her little brother to go to see a partner? Again, it is not quite possible, especially since Marcel should not know any of his medical or homosexual problems. If this is the way the family has given him permission to know, it is rather cruel and no longer possible. Léo is going to look for his girlfriend, Aymeric, working at the Paris bar. The owner says that Aymeric will not be there until evening. But why Léo would like to see him working? Why don't you phone and check to see him somewhere more privacy where they can talk? Why not go and see him at his home? But no, Léo shows later after a day (with Marcel in tow) and is shocked when Aymeric does not just leave everything to go with him for 5 minutes. its any. Léo says "But I love you" and then you look. But if he loved so much Aymeric, do you? Did he have at least told him about his HIV status, to show him the test and perhaps to get the medicine? This would be at least he could do? but not peep. She comes out and even tells Aymeric that she can be infected with HIV. This is absolutely no matter what? and the filmmakers; This film looks for a French TV series for young people? it is a perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, isn't it here? I think "Everyone's own" is still the French way of doing things? Another feature of the film that was totally impossible was a "touch-up" feature. Everyone is dependent on someone, putting someone or kissing someone. Within the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France to be a physical body, never to think of the whole family. Seated at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother had a leg laid on his brother's brother's rope, and the older brother checked his foot while talking about something. Do you know how many brothers are close to physical? In another area, the 17-year-old enters Marcel's room asking "What is it, you can't sleep?", Then he takes his clothes, and sleeps completely, gets into his bed with his brother and goes to him if they were lovers. This and another similar area between Léo and Marcel gave a certain feeling to the film. Sorry, I don't believe that this is a common practice among young brothers. The only thing I can say about the film is that all actors are exactly the same? especially Marcel in the main role. But it wasn't enough ?? HIV and AIDS are too big to be exposed to an open and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family has gone to the grave to bury Léo, but again, Marcel has been left out? he is left in the cousin service (I think). Yet he emerges and sees funerals from afar. Is this the most connected family? It is not possible that they did not include in her brother's funeral. It was the last area of ​​the film, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
