The most recent display on the image on the U.S TV screen has reached the lost pitch since the first part of the "Assistant." Negative viewers have been under countless clones and differences, including "Bachelorette", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love or Money", and execrable "Marriage and America." The hope of financing in this trend, and at the same time knocking and using new industries, Bravo has provided a "boy boy" in the world. And they have no pity on us all. Cluster is simple and designed to have a good heart: a worthy person is scored by several voters, given a show and show up to one left, but there is a move. Half of men are exactly the same. This is not a big thing, but the evil nature is beaten after hearing a charge: if, at the end of the show, a gay man takes a good man by hiding, a good man earns money. A homosexual person gets anything, or at least anything more than a small gift of sharing, pat in the background, and a heart of "Do you have no shame? Well, thanks for playing!" <br /> <br /> Just like the "Queer Eye for Guy Straight" (another Bravo program), this show is another example of the running code of amok. What makes it worse, however, is the fact that direct men play UP this fraud with money. The producers of this show believe that you should do it to keep the hair gel enough in the hair of a person, wear up to Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer shoes, stimulating all the hair of the body and fat and voila! It is similar to gay and put a white player in blackface, and as well as anger for us - like me - who is actually gay and not wearing / acting like that. It means that homosexuals do not have a separate or independent position, that they cannot live as real people, just as witnesses. Don't worry the fact that the bank of the prosecution does not exist in any kind of diversity. They are all gym-toned, many are white, and all look also scrubbed and cleaned. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how, instead of promoting homosexuals as strong people with different strengths and changes, Hollywood has taken again the discrimination and run all the way to the bank. I feel really dirty to look at this show, as to show any gay person who finds this exciting anger of soft-core graphic that builds as a legitimate television. 1 out of 10.
