I liked to love this show. In fact, I did it faithfully. For the first time, gay viewers get their version of "Bachelor". With the help of "Hag" his duty, Andra, James, looking good, doing thirty and something there is the opportunity to love with 15 mentors (or "widows" as described in the show). The only problem is half of them as James does not know this. If James takes one gay, they go to New Zealand, and if he takes one right, a good man gets $ 25,000. Could this be fun? Use my hand, lets you: <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with this show is bachelor yourself. James is a young and effective boyfriend of a gay and nice smile with a body, who would like to give two sides towards your inner bar before eating green feed. Why did they choose to give us James as the leading man is more than me. God knows there are many other people who are hot and gay who die on TV. <br /> <br /> In addition to its natural physical shape, James is about interesting and exciting as a piece of chalk. Even though, he has this arrogant, pride exalts an hour upon it. However, if James was standing on an empty wall, a white wall could enter into it. Honestly cannot remember one interesting or interesting thing James said during the show. He is an exciting and forgetful thing. In fact, one of the married men advised him that he did not feel the relationship. I thought it was the best part of the show. Also, James speaks with a very striking lilt. Male voice or male voice, but not **** ing segue tones in the middle of the sentence ... so painful to stay. I hated him all the time of the show I kept thinking, "Please choose a quick person and despise yourself with your unfortunate anger" <br /> <br /> Then we have managers. A wonderful group of men who don't seem to take care of any way is happening. Similarly the parasites, seem to be unknown from one person to go except but, "Hey that one has the highlights of a blond or oh that a man has a hair head" Also, making a wonderful miracle is seen as the goal of this show. Although it may be hackneyed for a variety of cast roles, it would be much more entertaining to watch than these amorphous drones. However, in the ban all of them still join the upstage James (which is not hard to do), a little. You know you have a problem when some of the heroes are more interested and more attractive than someone who leads. And the fact that fighters seem to be more happy with everything than the person who led? Very sad. Also, I thought that the idea of ​​Id mentioned in the message boards that I felt really true: direct men are more hot than gay boys. Do not do wrong, I do not tell all gay boys who were ugly and interesting, in fact I saw some of them are very good. It was generally only the BLAH compared to men who can see on shows as a Shot In Love and Tila Tequila or Bachelorette. <br /> <br /> I don't know how many I hit fast before this show. I can accept the leading behaviors as attractive as a cardboard box, I can accept ordinary, uncomfortable heroes but PLEASE for God's love to please me just a little. No such luck. If you expect a drama, controversy, selfishness, or excitement you will be disappointed. The great "actor" comes from the fact that one of the managers can still have a partner in New York (How to scoff!). Considering whether this can be sure to you, that's the only thing that is similar to any conflict on this show. Certainly there is a moving, but if you have any Gaydar status in you, I will easily recognize who (it wasn't quite difficult, I was just once wrong.) This show includes many of its coverings on misleading that fails to deliver anywhere. We should look like James & Co plod in exciting activities such as learning how to play Western drums, buying gifts, visiting a petting zoo, and gay. PIGA MIAYO. Certainly you have a super-minute but who cares when everyone tries to. That's one of the main problems and show: no one seems to enjoy himself - they're just going through the hardest effort to seem to have a good time. And you can't actually tell them since all the events have been unreasonable and crippled. <br /> <br /> Finally, the physical feature does not exist. No sleep, no stimulation, no kissing (!), No love of any kind. It's "Ok we were a happy date, I will be back on my evil, you want to be Sydney Operahouse based (peck fast on the lips)." This view is so **** ing prudish is ridiculous. I can understand those who don't want to play a known non-social game, but come ****. People who watch the realities of the television need more than to be asked and wait. This show refuses to stop. Sorry if this was a long time it was dropped but I felt that these were issues that needed to be addressed. I thank Bravo for the first time to show this nature of the nature, but in a non-sufficient way that this approach was addressed is an emerging mind. In summary my three points: Boring + Boring + Boring = going to do something else. You will be more happy to wait at the office doctor for an appointment, at least they have interesting magazines there.
