I looked at the perfect house when I was young and I can't understand why I did it. I don't really enjoy the show. I think I and many Americans look at this were hypnotized by its evil. It will put you in the form of actions and no return. I'm still wrong but I am trying to continue. I know it's a family show but that doesn't mean it's very bad. The show is SO cliché with every living area and "talking" from the father to solve everyone's problems. The characters on the show are all disgusting. There you know all, cleaning the centered, the corny father who wants to clap the face every time it comes to the screen. So we have a "rock" uncle who says that it is only there to seem good for a mother who should look at this trick. We have another uncle who doesn't really know who is losing Bullwinkle's opinion (need to say more about it). There is an old daughter that can't do and always shouting on something. Then the middle daughter who always says, "HOW RUDE!" for anything everyone says. Finally, there is little daughter Michelle. Don't make me start on Michelle played but awesome actors known as Twins Olsen. If you believe in Christianity I think you are cooperating with the antichrist. He always claims things, trying very much to be "cute", is always saying "DUH!" and overturning his eyes which makes you want to beat him. I'm not a great fan of physical abuse as a punishment for children. But in his case, I would like to accept. He needed it every day. He is the most selfish character of the television transmission. One example of this is when his rocky uncle works in bed. Brat decides to accuse him constantly and demand attention. He asks and he gets angry. BORA BORA! All parts are catering to his emotional needs and the uncle asks him to plead. UGGHH! The show decreases your IQ as well as slowly destroying your live will. I am wondering not to hear about the perfect house playing back when police find people who have committed suicide. Are you a grace and a reruns series of show. You will love me later.
