What was the most powerful film made? The generation of 'Mlio and Lung'? Psychodramas acid of Fassbinder? The comedy black comedy's' Last House on the left? I am sure for that part of the film's love that closes their masts on Buster Keaton, there is only one answer - one of its sound films. I do not know what motivated my soul more gently in this film - to enhance physical and physical art for the fabric of the booth; the abuses of the painter of this film and talk - not that it does not have a beautiful voice, of voice, or that it can not make a funny conversation; it's just that the label doesn't seem to give him enough takes, and so it seems to be trying to remember his lines before giving, which only makes him - Keaton, not his character, looks silent; or is it a shame to see Keaton when he went to sex, when he gave us many more accounts of romantic sex in the film? No, I know what was causing so much - to look at Buster Keaton, the main player of the cinema, sitting next to see Jimmy Durante doing his job. It's such a fear that finds Yante Dantes doing the Infernos yer. <br /> <br /> MGM seems to have an amazing idea that the best way to deal with Keaton's hearing was to send him to Brother Marx, complete with pedantry of words, clarity, 'clowning', slapstick shambolic, environment The exhibition, victory through chaos, and Thelma Todd. Keaton did not have that kind of comic, and Groucho's language goals and improper preferences could only be doing this work, Professor of Buster's lack of community can, he also studied and predicted. <br /> <br /> What Buster is required to be allowed to attempt as Lang in 'M', or Rene Clair; he never did try to prevent the wave as Chaplin. When the film as 'Great' is described - to announce about the train - the loss becomes more apparent. And that is, in the middle patches of the flat direction, the film is not all bad - there is a good jolt when the camera on the bus leaves Keaton alone at the railway station; and the denouement, if not the original, is at least more than the previous. There is something almost pleasing on the way Keaton decreases down the plot that requires all the zip can get. <br /> <br /> There is a film here on solitude, an emotional paralysis, loss of education, etc., struggling to go out. The best way to understand this film is to look at not the Professor TZ Post, but for mental intelligence Buster Keaton, who is imprisoned for freedom, concerned with new technologies, undermined by a bad fate (in this studio studio), remain stoical favor . To look like that, it becomes a kind of jewel.
