Being a fan of Buster Keaton is that your heart has been broken constantly. Most of us meet first with Keaton in one of the most brilliant featured films from its great production period: 'The General', 'The Navigator', 'Sherlock Jnr'. We recognize him as a huge figure in the entire history of the comedy film, and we want to see more of his movies. Here begins the heart. After 'robbing Bill Jnr', Keaton's son-in-law Joseph Schenck put pressure on him to enter into a contract that put Keaton under control of MGM. Keaton became just one of the lease actors, doing someone else's writing. Then his drunkenness became worse. After 'grab Bill Jnr', Keaton did not make the first film. Many sources describe the comedy would be the hub that Keaton claimed * * almost to do in MGM: the parody of the 'Grand Hotel'. The journalist Tom Dardis has confirmed that the Keaton created this story. Heart heart increases because, over many years of long-term decline in Keaton, he just came with a good film ... like his 'Grand Slam Opera' game. I am looking for the lost image of Keaton and Spencer Tracy's 'A Mad Mad World' scene: a sequence that reminded the phone's Tracy mobile retirement phone (Keaton) and tries to get her help by stealing the Smiler Grogan money. That footage is almost completely going away forever, but I keep watching. 'Speak easily', ala, is one of Keaton's films since the beginning of its decline. MGM were trying to build Jimmy Durante (who, unfortunately, played Smiler Grogan decades later) as a new comedy star. Unfortunately, MGM tried to create Durante by sharing with Keaton, whose comedy style disagrees with Durante. (I am a fan of both.) During his career, Durante was a bad player: in fact, he knew he was built at Keaton's cost, and Keaton is the co-star who Durante did not try to strengthen ... Keaton was often sent as a very strong moral striker. In 'Conversational Conversation', he works at the University of the University of the University of Wasactic and humorless University called Post (because he is like a single timber) who receives a letter informing him that he earns $ 750,000, which must go to New York City . Does he make the phone to verify this? What? Even a mark marker post? No; takes his life savings out of the bank and run to New York. Once you leave, the Post Officer admits that he wrote a letter (fake) by joining Professor Post out of his fertility! Post, who thinks he is a 3/4 mountain, cross paths and Jimmy Dodge (Durante), who tries to produce a musical revue but does not have any money. The characters of these two brilliant comedians are playing on the screen only fail to intervene. Keaton plays one of these maheheads (such as Mister Logic in 'Viz') who knows everything. Durante has one of those irreplaceable hepcats that cannot provide any direct information because the script needs to always tell him in the slang. There is a very negative discussion that Durante tries to talk to Keaton about money, but - instead of coming directly with it - Durante uses the words used as 'old', 'cartwheels' and so on… when Keaton certainly doesn't know what Durante's up. I will give Keaton loan: his dry and dusty horn, his Kansas talent, is perfect for the character he plays here. Sidney Toler, looking at a more elegant and more beautiful elevator than he would be only a year later, it's amazing as a good director of bankrolled revue (on tick) and Professor Post. Henry Armetta, who has never been getting funny, is slightly less than usual here, offering a run for stupid profits. Thelma Todd emphasized here, in the most arrogant version of the role he played in 'Horse' (movie funnier). Edward Brophy, one of my actors, is lost. The part of the problem with 'Speak Easily' is that the characters involved are doing the wrong way. Keaton's lawyer shows at the Durante playground with a quick message to Keaton ... but it does not exist, so the lawyer continues to open Keaton's private business to the first visitor. (Fire that lawyer, Buster!) In another area, Professor Post - a boy who seems to write this music - includes a room for changing girls, and all the girls of the organization immediately cover themselves and cover themselves. I really know that * modern girls * who can never respond to this way, and I am very doubtful that 1932-year-old girls did it that way ... certainly not to deal with 'angels' who control their pockets. > <br /> SPOILERS TO COME. Almost half an hour to say without saying 'Conveniently Speak', Jimmy Durante's head sits on the piano, he gets into the camera, and he does the little bit of his head starting to play. This is when I thought that, finally, this film will eventually continue to solve for the purpose of our pleasure. Oh, no. The most alarming of it is all at the end of this film, which uses one more hackneyed and implausible cliche in all comedy: one of which dimwit completely failing becomes star player through its own ineptitude. (Keaton was obliged to restore this cliche in 1955's "Screen Directors"; Chaplin was already used in the "Circus".) It was crying out loud - with anger and sadness - for lost opportunities in 'Saying' easily '. Many due to the respect of the work that Keaton, Durante, Toler, Brophy and Miss Todd have done elsewhere, I will measure the rate of this 2 movie comes from 10. <br /> <br />
