For many small viewers out there, maybe they have no idea what Buster Keaton had. Therefore, because of this, they will probably not feel sad when watching this film as I did. I happen to be a circle of silent comedy - after seeing almost every Keaton film is still located. Being a great fan made this film very painful from the beginning to the end. This is because during his quiet days, Keaton was a very powerful and creative player. He was strange in his physical state and his films were almost never diminished. However, the film historians are still faced with, at the end of the silent era, Keaton left his independence and became MGM stock exchanges. Instead of being a great power creation, MGM now saw Keaton just as an actor - and they wrote scriptures to him who had no respect for what made him superior. At first, these films and MGM were not bad (such as CAMERAMAN) but for talkies, the studio hit it - giving him several films and Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor was derived from his gift for the gabe and was established. Keaton, on the contrary, was silent and based on action. Two more different and non-compatible actors would be difficult to find. As a result of this combination of death, Keaton made the really awesome films. Now this does not mean saying SPAAK is a bad film. No, rather it is more time-consuming and very surprising for it. In fact, if you're going to the movies you think it is comedy, it will be difficult to make the film difficult to enjoy. Instead, it's kind of like drama and a few comedic things. SIo film that will produce stomach cramps - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> Movies begin in an unusual environment. Keaton is cast as a college professor whose whole life is teaching. He does not know anything of the world and has his nose stuck in his books. In a mysterious argument, Keaton's servant leads him to believe Keaton has received 750,000 dollars from a dead relative - hoping that this will make Keaton come out and enjoy life. This is surprisingly derived but somehow it can work. Not very good, but it works. Keaton immediately leaves school and goes to New York for fun. On the way there, he meets a very popular squad of games. Because he does not know anything about the world, he does not seem to know that they do. And, because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to use them all to go to New York to do on Broadway. However, before being shown, his friends know that Keaton is not rich. Therefore, they decide to tell Keaton and try to stop him off the process server that requires installing the show. They think that if the show is hit, then they can pay off debts and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the show itself stinks. What to do? And, Jeaton will get a beautiful girl, will be hit by a gold timber (Thelma Todd) or have a flat break and alone? If you care, watch the film. Keaton, has a few stunts in the film, though there are some dandy near the end. Instead, Keaton is the only kind of a walk that way through very failure. There is very little love about this film or hate. It's blah .... when you should be very good.
