I saw this film at the end of the weekend and when I had a feeling like always with the beauty of the film produced by the Church, I gave up the desire that this dropped too much, not knowing to inform members and leaving the investigators with many unanswered questions. > <br /> The movie is 70 minutes of vignettes from the life of Joseph Smith. It's not a biopic of truth because there is no real story of proportion. Many of the events involving Joseph doing good works, playing football, running society and laughing with children, often in the course of sloooow. What good man, just kind of guy that Joseph was, huh? Look out there clapping for his wife Emma. Well, jinsizbout rugs of his 33 residents? There is no mention of anything made to the local. Clear access. <br /> <br /> And it's in such omissions where the film falls. It gives very few details and leaves a key audience of listeners asking WHY is Joseph getting tarred and feathered, WHY did he get thrown into prison and why the group want to kill him? This film's course is certainly a trip to Joseph and Hyrum to the Carthage jail (while going ahead of the United Nations faces looking at the doors of Nauvoo). But no mention ever made about WHY. Nothing about Smith prevents the Nauvoo Expositor newspaper and ordered its media to be destroyed by revealing the secrets of polygamy. The audience is left to ask themselves to think that they are more suffering than the Church's core. There is no mention that Joseph is judged for the rebellion of the military command and to call the Nauvoo militants. In fact I had no expectations of this film presented by the Church to present the recent biography of Joseph Bushman. Beat it, but I was surprised and amazed at how little of the substances released. Even worse, what was presented is often incorrect. Two examples gave me. First, the translation of the Book of Mormon. The film shows that Joseph reads off the gold plates in their two binder, which the true dishes are hidden away from the site. It is known that Joseph made his interpretation by covering his face in his hat, looking at the monastery. The second inaccuracy occurs in Carthage jail, where the group blows the cell. The Church's history says that Joseph had a six shooter and even expelled several circles before jumping out of the window and giving the Masonic sign of distress (as reported in the Times & Seasons). Perhaps showing the reality of the gunfight would have caused the heartbeat of the film's creators, but to stop being unfaithful to history and failed to show Joseph as he was true: it gives the gun and can protect himself. In fact, the idea of ​​the film gives is that Joseph was very good, but also something of milquetoast that everyone blew, was thrown into prison and was finally killed in cold blood. He was far from it; Joseph was a disciplined and thoughtful person who endured many hardships and tried to make a profit that he believed. <br /> <br /> See the film, but know to go in that candy candy. Then get your meat and potatoes to read a copy of Bushman's biography, Rolling Stone Rolling <br /> <br /> PS: Film produced by the church is not available, but planned eyes can occur two faces. Rick Macy is best like Joseph Smith, Sr. and Bruce Newbold, loved as Thomas in Finding Faith in Christ, here has a reduced Methodist servant who failed to show Christian love for a young player after Truth.
