This came during the last genre of Ghana; unfortunately, it seems to be a very small and inappropriate effort - even if it is done by the former army! In the beginning, the plot does not offer something new for a long time: James Coburn is running from a chain, committed to killing someone (now retired) who put him in Charlton Heston. At last seizing the trap, Coburn shows Heston for catching his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Typically, an old lawyer - accompanied by a Hershey green boyfriend (Chris Mitchum) - appears in Coburn's search with his supporters, all who were arrested in prison with him. Instead of dealing with his case McLaglen goes through Sam Peckinpah - which is not quite convenient: injury-related characters, multiple violence, and sexual tension resulting from Hershey's presence among the Coburn lusty group. In fact, Heston and Coburn had appeared earlier in Sam Peckinpah Western - MAJOR DUNDEE with a problem (1965; in fact I need to take this version of this on DVD, although I recently used the display version in the pot and scan making TCM UK ). In addition, the film is very common in the context of elegiac which is trying to open (it was also suggested by the head): then again, both stars have already paid for the most suitable forms of this type of American type - WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY KID (1973)! However, at least, Heston continues to be glorious here - his old age habit trying to stay in front of Coburn's half-birth by expecting what his next move would be; The latter, however, is faced with a common brutal responsibility and actually finds himself at the peak (retiring his retaliation time by forcing Heston to preach his Hershey group members). In addition to this end, this long sequence sees Heston trying to coburn Coburn with a trick borrowed from himself C CID (1961), that ethnic group is locked into a forest fire beaten by Heston who worked with the deaths of '' characters' (like as it was his style, the destruction of Heston takes the form of free offering!) <br/> <br /> <br /> <br /> Assistance included including Michael Parks as a sheriff of an improper city, Jorge Rivero as Mexican Lieutenant of Coburn, and Larry Wilcox - the CHiPs TV series! - as the youngest member of the Coburn group who gave the job of looking at Hershey (as he struggled to remove his captives!). Jerry Goldsmith contributes to flavor but, at the same time, uncommon signs.
