First of all for my heart conversation from anyone who bought a cinema ticket in hopes of seeing a film in one mold as a wonderful girl of Gregory and Hero Hero but finished leaving the playground to feel desperate and of course deceiving them. Although it is true that sequels are common, hitting a few different ones, the fault and the existence of only providing the laborers and the opportunity to finance the success of the original film by giving us either gently hide the original story or line of laptop far from The nature of which the film causes useless. In the case of two Gregory girls, Bill Forsyth has a great honor to manage all the sins - on the one hand reviewing the Gregory girl's plot, at the same time attending a wonderful and ethical story involving Scottish hand traders. Gregory's school pupil is now a teacher at the school where he was sixteen years old, had a passion for soccer to play Dorothy. Although now fifty-five, Gregory still tries to be hopeless but now playing Frances, also sixteen, despite the fact that the music teacher, Bel has clearly said he is interested in him. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress him leads to his involvement in the opening of a local arms trader who also becomes an old friend. There is no further progress if all the stories are remembered and the latter does not make the real sense. The main problem lies with the character of Gregory himself, for there is no six-year-old Gregory who is happy and very happy who believes that he will eventually win. In the thirty-five years, Gregory has been presented to us as a depressed and unfriendly creature whose life does not serve neither comic. Outside of the time you are working to watch videos of Noam Chomsky and read newspapers about global abuse. As his friends and family from the previous film seem to have been lost, forget two unimportant events with his younger sister, who never gave him advice or seem to be interested in his life, we have been confused about what Gregory really wants, who he is why he that's the way. Why for example is a friend? Why didn't he see his father, who is still alive? Why did he come back to the school he attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why has he been concerned? Why was he impressed by Frances? Why didn't he attract Bel to the end of twenty minutes of film? Does the name of heaven do Bel or Frances see in it if she does not die a good die or even attractive? Why does she continue to try and impress Frances even after she and Bel become something and when their party threatens to destroy her life? Do we really believe that the Scottish weapon agreement clearly sells weapons of torture to the dictatorial regime can manage to avoid media surveillance but the collapse of two school pupils? Does Gregory think that losing a small computer in the sea will change anything? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair tries to fix his performance as a boy Gregory certainly up to the face and body language. Unfortunately about thirty-five years old comes as odd and incredible. Additionally, it is difficult to feel any sympathy, or understanding by a teacher who has sexually intimate sex and one of their uniforms to wear students when both are sleeping in a bunch of gymnastics. Instead of being just exciting drains of pedophilia. It is difficult to know what went through the head of Bill Forsyth when he wrote this script or why he thought the original movie fans would agree with a story that does not exist entirely in charm, wit and heat that turned the first movie into a common one. I can only assume that the plan was to make a film about a man who refused to grow up and commit to an adult life and perhaps his happy memory was sixteen and looking for a better girl at school but who by degrees are forced to admit that life in the past is no life at all. This at least may be the basis of a film that was interesting and intelligent. Like the two girls in Gregory he adds 116 lost and useless minutes without saying anything and even indicating it. Gregory's girl was responsible for the launch of Bill Forsyth's work, here is the hope that the two girls of Gregory are not responsible for sinking.
