On the day before the year and the sex took over, the real horrible films were made. The Fortress of Blood is, in my estimation, one of the most beautiful, although some retirees have given the mixed parameters. In a rare way they remind you of more recent Others, which were on the movie in the last few years. Director Antonio Margheriti gave his own picture in 1970 calling the name of the time of the Spider Web (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno). Why did I do that I did not understand, although the star remake Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and it was very good for his own right. Perhaps he saw a good story and wanted to make it more for the American audience. I don't know the truth. It's amazing that you made the original in black and white and remake colors. Castle of Blood is the best Italian Gothic. La Danza Macabra is said to be the unpublished work of Edgar Allen Poe, who "looks" in this film. Poe and Lord Blackwood, the owner of the haunted castle, bet American reporter Alan Foster (George Riviere) that can not spend all night of the night in that castle and live. Foster admits hard bet but soon sadly, for he is a witness of the series of killings made by ghosts. It seems that ghosts are raised once every few years but they have to make again the crimes they have committed in life. Mr. Blackwood easily forgot to tell Foster that his blood is needed to wake up the second night of all spirits! It does not take Foster and beautiful Elizabeth Blackwood (shown by Barbara Steele with no power) for a long time to fall in love, although their love is punished, because Elisabeth is one of the ghosts. I will not give you an end, but I will say that the Castle of Blood is every romantic tragedy as a terrible story. Comments /. This film is very atmosphere, even with the best Italian standards. My personal opinion is more realistic than anyone, and small black and white movies only shows this. Rightly, the Spider Web was right for its right, even for color and more brightness. I liked the strict shots, some modern-day directors have no patience. Indeed, when Alan first enters the ruined castle, we are treated for a few minutes without doing anything but walking around from the room to the room, panic causes to build on his face and ways. During the first spirit appears, the audience is well organized and ready. There is good dialogue between Alan and ghosts, something else that is not often done in common stories. There are also unpredictable images, very visible to this type of film. Elizabeth's "murder" and the dance scene (reminiscent of the same 1962 of the 1962 Carnival of Souls), were very good. <br /> <br /> Sadly, a few viewers of interest will ever hear, even a little to see, this film. That's a shame, for this is cutting on others. I've received my copy from Sinister Cinema and I don't know if it can be purchased anywhere. For people who are interested in this kind, they must see it.
