Jochen Hick wrote and led this exciting film to emphasize the idea that the HIV virus was a sheep-virus from the government to eliminate the homosexual world and it seemed to be tested for prisoners in years before the outbreak of skin disease. It was not the gentleness of the concept of the film, this would be in the category of many films about the destruction of the world for the many non-discriminatory organisms. Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate the scientific issues of his father about the effects of the offenders. He meets some resentment and criticism on the dead theory, but also meets some people who know the theory and help his investigation. At the same time with his series of casual killings takes place, every victim was killed in such a manner and every murder seems to be accompanied by a variety of music from the Opera 'Turandot' of Puccini which appears only to open San Francisco Opera. Police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her boyfriend (Kalene Parker) are following the murder when Stefan makes a round of sex clubs and bars in San Francisco trying to find people who can be guinea pigs for his father's theory. He meets a wonderful young man Jeffrey (Jim Thalman) who is attracted to the cat and mouse and the famous Doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti) who seems unable to cooperate with the suspects. How this has been completed is playing for the film, many stories about the search for personal identity between Stefan and Jeffery as a case of murder investigation. When Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti are doing well with their roles (the only three who have any pre-film experience in the film!), the quality of these films is largely and less acceptable for small talented Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker: when the loyalty screen of the story drops below zero. There are some small watos and other actors who shone the screen for their time living, but in all the films are sinking with an incessant replay of 'Nessun dorma' as singing with Mario del Monaco from o opera recording - and that seems to be a reason to make a film! Good for filming and good quality actors, but no resolution of the original premise that started the whole thing. Grady Harp, February 06
