The program "Astronuat returns to the world as a mutating monster" died outside the 1950s especially under the fact of science that travel outside the Orbit of the Earth is not the human cause to turn to mutated monsters, and that the first film to use this QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT plot was only the sole sci-fi movie using the idea. So the idea of ​​a return to plot plot seems to be destroyed from the beginning. Ole looking THE MONTH MELTING MAN looks conspiracy is limited to its problems <br /> <br /> Before all this is an incredibly bad movie. The budget is in the same figure and I am talking about lira not a dollar. There is no movies talking about and there are many editing blunders. For example the photographer takes his / her typical (photo) photo shoot. Cut on the shooting where the sun is directly behind the model, then cut to the shot of the photographer where the sun is directly behind it, then cut back the image where the sun is ... <br /> <br /> Lack of budget draws the film in other things too. According to the trivia budget page was very poor producers could not find any image of Saturn's stock so when man Steve Steve will show how good Saturn is seen we get a picture of the sun. The sun actually provides a very good performance in the film since humanitarian practitioners will not be employed by a porn studio. If I was seen in this I could not be afraid of the eponymous monster - I'd be afraid of splinters from all others. Maybe we should forgive them even though the lack of a definite budget appears in things like artists should wear their own clothes. Great for instance wear his beautiful uniforms of full fancy dress and medals - wearing a denim jacket and a baseball hat <br /> There must be stopped for unbelief of the film like this to work but it fails every level. Tone installed earlier in the film where Mr Melty kills the nurse and avoids the hospital. Instead of police getting calls saying that there is murder Dr Nelson decides to just monitor his own patient if he could watch the missing cat. It is also amazing that a homicidal animal completely lost can walk down the road without anyone seeing it, but this is an example of a film where 70-year-olds leave their black road road for quickie and people without mentioning their wife is pregnant. when he forgot to tell the police that there is a monster free. MELTING MAN is a Z-rubbish waste. In fact I can understand why people enjoy this film because it comes to "It is so bad it is good" but apart from Rick Baker sometimes interesting to do harm is nothing more than a lot of pleasure
