I think my favorite part of this film, which shows that it is useless, ignorant and unanity of the case, comes to the peak of the film. TED NELSON and her unmarried friends Members have finished the Manting River on the landing at a certain level in the power plant. Remember that Nelson has been looking for MM next to the entire film, and that MM has killed and eat several people at this point (including his boss), and Nelson knows so much that MM is the abuser and starve to human flesh and blood. Sheriff has a gun that spoke MM, who is, and I offers a movie with Rick Baker props for this, something very disgusting and horrible in the human form that we have ever seen. And he asks a very important question to MERLINE TED NELSON: "WHAT DO WE DO?" The camera is reduced by TEL NELSON, and it is clear that Ted does not know what to do next. It seems that Ted was interested in the problem of getting a mastered man, he had never thought of bringing other equipment, lasso, or basket, or crocodile, or some of the tranquilizer arrows, or perhaps the New Age tape and Vangelis to convince the wild animal. So sheriff is surprised by the trunk, the melted person goes berserk, and hilarity insues. <br /> <br /> Maybe this explains why NASA has been around the Space Shuttle program in a small space of stars for the last 30 years instead of returning to the Moon or out of Mars as everyone knows the deliveries have to do. I am dunno. However, that is a kind of text, lazy and instruction that passes every element of this movie. It's hard to say how the actors are right, because the movie has full contempt for their characters. Another series of acute pain also reduces the folly of events: There is an area that includes the lumpiest couple of the world in the world trying to steal vegetables from the field, just bursting with the Man. This area is nadir in the 70s movies. I can assure you that you have never looked at the useless and unhealthy layout with people who have no bad behavior throughout your life. And the assault of a woman who lives in a house where the horses look at the walls makes every attempt to do it. (BTW, I think the famous director of the film Jonathon Demme has to walk in this area as a redneck husband who goes first to look at the house and never come out again). The only thing that makes me a modern actor by cheering the strange situation is that, as I have said, their horses seem to have loved it. And we are forced to check its hysterics for at least two minutes longer than any SANE film director without holding a shot. <br /> <br /> Burr DeBenning should blow out the director of IMM's director and photographer. I remember from the former Columbo period where he seemed to be better than he does here - no idea of ​​the leading man, but firm and unobtrusive. But no one can be tough in real life if his director makes him look here. Everyone else comes out better than the old couple (and closed, I know they are playing with laugh, but I'm not laughing!) but not too much. It really falls into 'Very Unlikely You Can Look Away' of the movie disaster. Still, I would like to check it again before watching the abortion of 70 and 80 ("Moonbeast list" and "Live With Night" comes to mind), and MST vaccination is great fun, so if you get a chance, see MST version.
