With a 10-minute discretion of the HB Overseer on the train of heaven, this was 94 minutes of a terrible jaw! Acting was angry, but the story is what I saw losing. Acting was a timber and closed, even with the first levels of talkies (except Lee Tracy and HB Warner, nor those who could not do wrong). Rose Hobart was very good and uninformed as Julie (as well as she was also in 1932 Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, flick better). And all the others lost were worse, without the words to describe their wickedness. Worse than acting, however, it was a story. For an unknown reason, Julie loves Liliom, cad and user of women who do not have the characteristics of redemption. She puts Julie but she does not serve him, but she is lying in bed all the time or hanging with her donkeys. And, eh, he doesn't have a good word to tell Julie and he beat him regularly. Julie loves her yet and always makes excuses for her, which seems to only make her work more. What even the patient is that this film gives us this story as a love story. Somehow we have to see Julie as a good character that love clean answers Liliom. WTF? The last 3 hours of this movie takes place after Liliom's own suicide (theft of theft goes awry and Liliom hits a knife in it instead of being taken by the police). When he died, he tells Julie "I have beaten you all the time, but I don't know for it." After he dies, he finally tells him he loves him. (It is not the habit that he once said "I love you" to others when they were alive.) After his death, the Chief Justice of God gives Liliom one day on earth so that he can "do good" for his unborn child. This price is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is allowed one day on earth to see her daughter now 10 years old. She approaches her home and tries to force her to "do something good"; he tries to give him a card, he tries to give him the Gabriel's horn, but he doesn't care and rebuke him. So they beat him. He. He blows. His. And then it goes back to life. Look, we see her daughter tell Julie about this. The girl says the bottle did not hurt, that seemed like a kiss. This should be a magical time of film. The girl asks her mother if this is possible, and Julie answers that "someone can beat you and beat you and beat you and never hurt you." Then music climbs and Liliom climbs into heaven on the train. BLECH! It had one grace saving for this film, and that is the interview between the Chief Magistrate (HB Warner was very good here) and Liliom on the train on heaven. The defendant had very good things to say Liliom about life and second chance and death. This part alone has made me score this rating from 1 to 2 stars. For Liliom's suicide as a way to escape its problems, the magistrate says "People think that when they die, their problems have been fulfilled." In the world your name is still spoken, your face remembers. For as long as someone waiting for you who remembers you, for a long time the issue has not been disconnected. some of the worst trash I ever seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story appears often as "Liliom" and as "Carousel" of music.
