Universal answer for "Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film provides bland, a non-minded approach from Michael Winner who loses the best of the glass size holes. Not to mention, it is very difficult to explain some important things in the story. The image of Cristina Raines comes into the high-rise owned by the Catholic Church and the lovely priest, blind John Carradine, who walks up there every time on the window. He begins to suffer from fear and nausea. What's bad is tenants he meets in the building like the Meredith Burgess (and the cat and canary!) And Beverly D'Angelo a little as lesbian. Ava Gardner (over 55) is a Realtor who showed Raines place. Cristina's partner is Chris Sarandon, whose wife has “committed suicide” after knowing that they had something. José Ferrer has a small role as "Pastor Pastor" who informs Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to be careful when he leads to a very advanced residence not just Carradine but Raines too. Sarandon sends a hired hand up to the top of the climb by looking at a room on Cristina's apartment where he heard the iron protection and other major chairs. When he dies he died the same night Cristina "kills" her DEAD father in a dream. Shouting on the street, Cristina actually has a blood on her that leads the investigating police officer Eli Wallach and partner Christopher Walken to investigate them in fact that every kind leads to Sarandon who is a fire-shooter who immediately hits soldiers in court over suicide all the wife. The case is the motivation for Wallach's discovery to find out who his blood was true to Cristina and if Sarandon has nothing to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a professor who understands this kind of Latin Cristina to understand the wonder and non-working actors like Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as someone interested in a particular room that has been available in a very room (now renovated) that Cristina once stayed! What breaks me more than anything is lack of clarity. Near the end of the film Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we are left wondering why they just up and stop investigating. The characters are just left on the fire-back. How the priests know that “now is the time” when someone is going to die and he should give a chance to protect a certain door in the high rise and why Cristina is suffering from the problem she does not explain. How some ghosts appear to Cristina and disappeared when she tries to show Gardner the rooms they took during the birthday of the cat (see herself) is not explained enough. Not to mention the role of Gardner in a great deal of things ... it brings people to the top, but what exactly is the reason for it in the film? It seems like this film should be a long time to delete the items on the left lost to the rush conclusion that is just laughable when it should be scary.
