Prison has been set up in Wyoming where the new prison work has created a problem so that the government board decides to open the former government jailed prison for 20 years, Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is in charge. 200 abnormal prisoners are used and have been appointed to work in the jailbreak, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen) who has ordered to break into an old discharge room, he really deserves but when he enters the bricked door is a large beam of light provides out & all electrics, gas and fire around the prison goes for a few minutes. Burke has done without the power of deadly evil that is in a state of murder and no one is safe ... <br /> <br /> Guided by Renny Harlin I thought Prison was hard of the late 80th genius that seemed to be forget about the small steps to have a story. The Script was with King Photo regularly C. Courtney Joyner who was responsible for writing 'classic' as Class of 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) & Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys (2004) among other low-budget budgets that even I have never heard and seems to take it very seriously. The major problems I have with Prison are that it is very slow, more than 30 minutes on the film before the 'bad power' release though the speed takes up to the end but at that time it was too little too far as I was worried, then there is really no discernible storyline here. At the beginning it does not try to explain why there is a 'strong force' made in an old action room, it does not explain why this force takes to kill non-random prisoners when it should be out of retaliation messages or why not just 't kill Warden Wala Sharpe once, there is no definition of release where Burke fits into it even though it looks similar to a prisoner who was electrocuted & has come, there is no real explanation of how Warden is connected with everything going on far from the early two early series where he seems to remember something though not revealed what or why. Being honest I couldn't give you a conspiracy document if the film doesn't have a hard story that follows all the way. The character is lighter and unforgettable, killings are few and far in the middle, walking is far, the whole film is a mess & even ghosts can not hit directly when it comes to trying to blow the hero. The less satisfactory way to spend 100 minutes unusual, there are some better things you can have. The first Flick American director of Harlin is doing a good job and there is a good condition but after an hour of regular, lighter, dark prison & corridors I started getting bored. I think just looking for that film is very repeating, bland & without life. I did not think it was scary and gore was very good at the best time in the entire film when the police patrol is killed when the wire load of the wire strikes near the body and its face close to its throat burst. Other than that there is a dead body and a body held that falls from the ceiling and a little bit. There is a place where Warden burns all the hostages in front of them and then puts them all night in their underwear on the jars, I was looking at this place & I think that you can never leave and do something like that. Over here the prisoners have the right and if Warden did such a thing there would be a national outcry from all mankind and every prisoner could accuse Warden, prison service & Government for everything they had and they could win! <Br /> <br /> With the budget allegedly around $ 4,000,000 Prison actually had a good health budget though it doesn't look like it on the screen, surely there is a decent cast and a few effects that are incorporated are good but are generally installed in limited migration. The jail had been jailed in the state of Wyoming, so it certainly looked business. Acting is good, Gerezani confirms that sometimes Hollywood stars are not just a horrible movie scandal in their bonds but in the case of Mortensen it has two and this horrible return of the Texas Chainsaw (1994) all that I have surely he would like to forget about ... <br /> <br /> Prison is a bad, unpredictable, non-colored and unpleasant moment of 100 minutes, despite one very beautiful year's favorite year if I really like my movies to be and the story instead of obvious events and events have been hit with any sense of story.
