I am not, but unfortunately this is one of those movies that are very bad to be good and very good to be bad, which makes it quite meaningful to waste time. There is nothing more amazing than an unfamiliar movie, and My Name is Gentle: Whatever the head takes freedom to a new level. It is full of B executives but is not recommended because it takes itself to weight. It sets itself as a thriller but then turns into a certain type of up-up drama, flashback style. Alexandra Staden good, lost recognition less efficiently, more resembled the member who was beaten from the Top Model than the Blaise Glory. I am not one of those described by the comic book that wants every change of "novel" value to be perfect - in fact I have never read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a good movie to watch. But this was not so. The film feels half of the finish, with a weak and surprising conclusion to a very weak plot. It also takes its listeners to idiots, revealing all the details of the plot to us and showing the flashbacks of things that happened three previous events (I think they think we all have Alzheimer's). <br /> <br /> Now I would like to b-good movie - it's better than turning your brain to swallowing the same video Calzone? - and "Gentle" dominated by none other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us a wonderful splatter crap flick From Dusk to Dawn 2: Texas Money Money! I loved From Dusk to Dawn 2 because it has brought everything bad B should bring the table - dirt, gore, gun, call it. "Gentle" is very bad. The latter on the life of the poor was not interesting. Acting is not bad enough to laugh. In fact, I've loved Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau (his friend, the fraud is your friends!) Performance like a baddie. It is generally just a limp. It has become weak. Not recognized. Call what you want. Don't look at anything because Tarantino offers it, people. This is just very amazing, with a half heart, and never tries to be more than that. Allow me to overthrow these reviews with a very relaxing punch (for weight, even for the cause): my name is mild: the simplicity of time - 4/10
