I enjoy the films that fill the news barriers in the world. So after watching the trailer for the "Water Water," I expected to make this film because I thought I would be hit by something special: a movie that shows with the love of a boyfriend's love - a female type of "Thing Beautiful." The main characters are French youth women of 15 years. Marie is quick, good and beautiful in the way of tomboyish; Floriane outgoing, effect and good; and Anne is honest, ignorant and unethical. The relationship between Marie and Floriane always photographs in this film, if not on the face, then under it. <br /> <br /> "Water yields," however, is not about the beginning of lesbian love on two young men; it is about sexual confusion, torture, ennui, young people working on the cross and - at least two cases - unhappy, mechanical sex. It also proves that filmmakers and filmmakers make their own creation when they are also harming themselves. In the additional features on the DVD "Master of the Birds", director Peter Brook says, "French play begins with a wake up of sex," because French sees children as angels when they look at young and adults with great ignorance. Part of the collapse of this film is a film manufacturer Celine Sciamma has made a huge amount of reluctance. <br /> <br /> "What is fun?" I wondered when I watched this film. Yes, the first love can be painful and bitter, but you can also be happy with a great victory in a clean, living way. These good things do not come from this film; there is no balance. Physical, this movie wants to be an interesting celebration of the first love. But Sciamma is very surprising with his own ignorance and cunning and destroying the film. First, what to show just a beautiful girl? I know that there is a culture of the youth's youth abuse in European movies, as evidenced by films such as "Slingshot; The Rascals; Devil, Probably; Thief player, Murmur's Heart, Friends, Beau Pere" and "Europe, Europe" ; but this example is a small importation of approval - "Look, viewers, I can make a film where I just show a person who doesn't like nude." Neither is dirt or dirt split evenly you would have been the way to go. <br /> <br /> There is a place in the club where Floriane and Marie are playing. What follows next is not just Floriane who leads Marie; is a film manufacturer Sciamma tries to look at her audience. Perhaps the greatest revolt of the trustworthiness of the trustworthiness takes place when Floriane warns Marie is about to ask for something that is not "normal". Marie understands well, "Who cares about being normal?" Then Sciamma lies with her listeners and the speed of the film, because Floriane's request is a question, a derivative and alternative question - not a true, heart-searching question from the film, Marie's attitude and viewers who have allowed their time to deserve . Here is also two times that are tied to lies on the nerves of the viewer: 1) Why the French - of all people - drinks baths wearing bathing suits, and with a string to go boot? 2) What? What boy - of any nation - would fall on the apple base that was thrown into the garbage to get the taste of the loved one? Three third-party executives promise and, if they get the best cars for their talents, they can be the best actors. Louise Blachere (Anne) is the best actor in terms of techniques and can have a successful career in supporting the roles. Adele Haenel (Floriane) can be a leading woman, or a bomb, or both. The shortage of Pauline (Marie) has power and magnetism that is unknown. In the future, he can play everything from an emotional victim reader with a secret secutiress to a reluctant politician climbing a meteoric plant for gratitude. All, "Water Water" was very desperate. Would a professional film manufacturer please make a real film about two young women falling in love! No - not for this middle - but young girls can have something of quality that they can see and recognize. And yes, fill the gap of information in the world movie.
