Ulli Lommel's 1980 film 'The Boogey Man' is not a classic, but it is on average budget chiller that has a look worth. The same view, 1983s 'Boogey Man II' is ultimately a waste of time, but at least it is recreation if not taken very little. Now I left the open door to another good, and I for one would not be willing to see at least one more. One day when I was browsing though the video in the shop I found a film called 'Return to Boogey Man'. When I realized it was a sequel for the first movies I enjoyed freezing a few bucks for it ... I had to know more. Although the opening title is 'Boogey Man 3,' this is not good for two of the most advanced films that are called above. Well, it's not at all. HQ: / Hufadi: Ha! That's laughter. What? Is there a good thing about this hunk of bull calf? Let's see ... has a picture from the 'Boogey Man' and, um ... it's short to gentle. Well, that's about it. <br /> <br /> Cons: Where to start? Decisions, decisions. First of all, this film is the total weight. It goes from one place to another without anything that is interesting or awesome. Acting is more complicated. "Actors" are the potential friends of the director who had no experience before, and maybe no since. The program is non-existent and script written. The direction is very clear. The director tries to make the film appear and all the fartsy of the mosty by making it a camera around, fire lights, and for filters, but it does not add anything. Music is limited and difficult to hear parts. Preliminary relationships were beaten. Suzanna Love's character was the name of Lacey, not Natalie! And the events shown earlier were not done in 1978. Also, if this has 3 in the head, why is there no mention of what happened in II? Finally, this does not add anything new or interesting to a series or type. <br /> <br /> Last thought: People behind time and money should see themselves. It was one thing if that was the original film that was the first and the player's player. But instead it should be a sequel for a film that is not a masterpiece, but it is damn more sure than the most interesting and entertaining than this. If there is another, I doubt, then it needs to forget this once it has happened and dealt with either Lommel or someone who has at least the idea of ​​how to make a good film. <br /> My rating: 1/5
