I would just say I love Boogeyman's original. Indeed, it's a movie of horror cliched of 80s, but hey those kind are fun looking! And with us we gave something a little different. So I bought with my pleasure this movie came along with (just a copy they had in fact) so I thought "Eh, hell what" and bought. Errors # 1. So that night I felt the feeling of watching the film (I bought a ton that day) and I found this was the shortest of all I bought so I will just look at it and hit the sack. Errors # 2. Yes, I've heard how bad it was but I wanted to take the opportunity. Just a few minutes on the movie and there is a first flashback. I don't think anything before. Then the new picture and forecasts of chick in the bathroom and I'm kinda love the direction it enters. Then the next flashback which is a little longer and I sit there thinking "Yes I've seen Boogeyman first I know what happens so you can go along!" Then the last (perhaps I used it through the details but why he was lying on a mirror? At least he could show them!) And I will decide to develop that way and then the peak and the movie is over! WTF? What happened to predictions? What happened to a long long dude (Does he tap that or what?)? And most importantly what kind of weeds was the author and cigarette director when doing this bad POS ?? !!! And what was it? Did Annie have publications of what happened in the first movie? Or are the things that come out of the first movie at the same time? The latter can be meaningful because the Pantyhose face disease took place in 1978 according to the characters in this film and was 15 years later. Wait a minute, no matter it! Because Lacey (whose movie is called Nancy's name! Is this too dumb to remember the names of its filmmakers?) She will be 20 years old since she was 5 years old when this happened and not just being married to someone 30 but also has a child who looks around 7 and 10! What? Did he get close to middle school? And also why Pantyhose after Annie? What relationship does he have with the characters of the original movie? And the big BIG of MOVIE MISTAKE I got it in this film that when a doctor writes in his notebook does anyone know that he is just SCRIBBLING? Wow, it's a professional, Doc! So, what is the explanation of all the questions I asked above? ITI MOVIE without meaningless entry into it! I'll try to get a copy of the original movie that comes with the same movie and that's yes (maybe several extra features, any current version?). Then I will return to this DVD and hopefully have this review and all others will stop those who did not see it by seeing it making films to wipe it and this movie can't exist again! Please let it be so! Sorry this review is long. I just got angry on this film I had to fly somehow
