The sad men migrate to the cabin on the mountain after losing their daughter, knowing that there may be ghosts that mislead the place, the restless soul of the previous inhabitants committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames her husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for the horrible death of their daughter due to leaving the door opened and marriage dropped for that reason. Julie sits in a zombie state, close to no feeling, remote and numb, just photographing the prison left behind, looking for the amazing picture of the ghoul girl admitting to cell phones. Although Allen doesn't see anything out of the ordinary, Julie keeps taking pictures and we can realize that something is not quite right. Mr. Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a distant colleague who is hidden is a dangerous threat when his dead mother may have something to do with haunts occurring Pykes. At the same time the neighbors who bought the Pykes cabin find themselves also victims, the abuse of Mr Booth's abuse of his wife to return to disgust. Allen will investigate the history of his cabin, trying to cancel the secret on the place. Many ghosts are moving back into this unfamiliar nature story and usually every sad character. The Cheri Christian continues to be void and lost, it is very difficult to connect with him despite the fact that he understands his problem. Acting, as explained often, remains because no particular characters are easy to stop. I think it should be so, under their circumstances, but the trouble I had never was able to embrace Pykes well because of their regular condition. Cheri comes out as cold and closed, since I am a mother can be a time when you lose a child like that, but nature has left me to pray in order to hug that I have never been. I think the right artists, even if the characters go through a emotional crisis, can grab the hearts of their audience, if humanity reaches us .. in this film, the heads can't do it, for any reason. It may be to me, I don't know. I wanted to deal with them, but there was nothing in the characters that was being hit on my heart. However, as the film goes on, Allen slowly clarifies some facts and must protect himself from his wife who is confident that their daughter is among them and cannot lose her girlfriend again. Jim, neighboring position who believes that stoping hauntings around the area should kill Pykes, becomes a significant threat. Ghosts remain the main part of the movie, their presence, especially Jim's mother, the deep inside, far away. The end shows them all as Allen should get help from his wife while trying to stop Jim's message. I had a hard time getting into this because of my opening and heads with their characters.
