Well, now what is this hell supposed to be? What? It's a movie of a fantasy movie for more money for the great Spielberg's "Welcome to Three-Day Conference"? Or lose the glorious days of historical events such as "When the Dinosaurs Was Made" and "World Lost"? Perhaps it is the academic and philosophical hub we all fail to understand? Yes, you must be! Whatever it is, the creators of the "Time of the End" (formerly John 'Bud' Cardos of "Kingdom of Spiders" and author David Schmoeller of "Tourism Trap") must have been gaming a lot when they wrote the ideas of this hodigepodge grade type. The story does not make a bit of meaning and the structure of the story is not as good as hell but, he, who cares for as long as he has a few few papers, miniature positions, headaches and laser displays and for the wind mixing supernovas! Introduction to the top sound is inaudible, but no worries if it's all gibberish! What? You know that the definition of 'time' is not just the one we all think is? Time does not need to pass on time, it is one big time! The words that were added thousands of years ago are still moving around and even things that will happen in the future are already around us. I don't have any idea this means, but it seems to offer a simple excuse to gather visitors to play midget visitors with beautiful dinosaurs on the screen together. I deliberately say good dinosaurs, because at one time one of the prehistoric leaders knocking gently on the front door before risking his goals. The plan of things involves the family of weirdos living in their sun-powered home in the middle of anywhere. Grandpa is very annoying, grandson even more, granny is walking & talking billboard advertising for plastic surgery, a very young child is similar to Prince Valiant and a little mother are ?? incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum for some reason also disappears next to the actors like the mother of the mother in the traveling business. Special effects are completely clean and sad (I really hope that another inspector who talked about "special special effects" was excited), but the most intelligent aspect here is the conversation! Just read this wonderful example of amazing text: Grandpa: "You know what this is, not you? This is the time to spell!" / I will never know if I know what it means, father. " br>> <br /> Grandpa: "Well, I think nobody does" <br /> <br /> Make your mind, gramps! Do you know what it is or not? And stop talking about "Vortex" if you are Some kind of professional in the field! "Completion Day" is a very fantastic and worthless - for fantasy movie, although I can understand quite that some of his fans enjoy the film because they saw it at a young age and were impressed by the effects of The latter did not come out completely, if they had lost money or as a result of the mushrooms that they ate were unexpectedly dressed.
