I must say that I had the idea of ​​this film. I have never been a big fan of BNL, I see their religious and old songs (this is me in grade 9, if I had a million dollars, a shoe box, etc.). However, I have seen parts of their live show and I have loved the most effective and interesting trend of the show. I was hoping that this film would show something that unfortunately, the most interesting part of the show because their music is also played in some way bland and not forcing (there is just a basup in the middle which was useless and boring, despite how much Jim Creegan created himself. The film does not have only a few minutes (and you know they have had a good time, like at the Afgahnistan Festival "Anonymous Koffee, he is a responsible person, my name is Steve Paige and I am very big"). BNL is kind of like I went to Europe a few years ago and heard the "Blue" song with Effeil 99 or every 2 minutes, I came back to Canada and a month later that song was over place * again, I searched around my own hand. BNL is like that, years ago I remembered a lot of fun memories of staying near the church stations in Canada listening to people playing "If I had a million dollars". The BNL was a matter of worship in Canada, with a lot of good humor to Canada (Kraft Dinner is a staple for many students here, and the name "Gordon" is quintessentially Canada) a few years they went where they were lost in calm and I was very happy. Then suddenly it becomes big in the Nations, and everyone down there thinks this new fake (yes, they are a new brand, but it's all in their 30 years!) While the rest of Canada are going "Oh Geez, I thought those people were planned for years many years ago, should I hear again 'a million dollars'? <br /> <br /> The photo of the festival is not bad, but I would like to see their part more often, shooting not big, and things like periods from their show The great free in Boston is being glazed very quickly. The interview is very amazing for the group of wonderful guy, I think they are both old and family with houses and things and they have put it down a little. Tap, where it provides a deadpan satire, then breaks in and laughs and destroys. Interview with Moses Znaimer (Canadian journalist) and Terry David Mulligan (Dude Music) are very active and enter the Tap area without having fun. This video is not very much recorded, or, primarily, one show and at the beginning of the movie, it's already big and has a great round of visit, not as we see them increasingly due to the attention and known “surprise”, it is The planned event was planned, so the end is rather than life, the half-life festival, half of the document, and not much of either. <br /> <br />
