I am a true fan of the original Cracker series, and you have all on DVD. Cracker had a tendency to be higher sometimes, but Robbie Coltrane and other members sent, along with the authors, always seemed to take it on their own. I count the original Cracker among the great series of Brit TV crimes at the time, and there is a fierce competition: Chief Prosecutor, Frost Auditor, Morse Auditor, Mr. Jeremy Brett's Sherlock Homes, and the rest of others. Cracker, with the General Defender, was on my list. Which makes "New Terrorism" more sadly ... <br /> <br /> Finally, this was a great imitation of the old Cracker glory. I had to stay in anything, I believe it can't be so bad, and that some spark finally will burn. I was wrong, it was bad from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> Few complaints: First, just to get any preference in front of the front: I had a fight with the US, fighting the screed war that continues to continue all the time of the show. Thepper: The killing of two American people is not guilty of crime and British Junkie is, in the words of Fitz, "understood, but not fair". I thought "I passed two hours to decorate just a little bit of driving?" So I had a bad feeling against the fight against the war / America brought by my faith ... More politics, I had a clear impression that this cracker was just prop propanda, and actually helped to undermine the already weak script. /> <br /> Secondly, how much of the air time did Robbie Coltrane get? Fitz was close to a small player in this, as if he had entered a certain story previously written without any thought of Fitz's role. Coltrane could have a show on his whole shoulders and still good flabby, but the writer was thinking about other things, and missed the opportunity, and significantly. SCRIPT! There were some wonders, and a few of the development of a real character (Fitz's son wishing to Fitz could not stay at his home if he missed his Australian plane, Detective who wanted to beat the poor renowned on their backs, and some old dirt between Fitz and his Missus) but not close enough to bear the strict storyline. Which, where hell was Panhallagan? Now that would be interesting ... It was Manchester after all, and 10 years on he would be on the rows. Another lost way (or perhaps the actor was not interested in it?) <br /> <br /> Well, there is much more (it is wrong) to say, but I will tie up with curiosity: the end of the show (as described on BBCA), while advertising announced that "Ward Director" was available on BBC On-Demand, I thought AH-HA! Director of the Director, which, perhaps, someone should pay, may have all the things I expected to see tonight but I've never done, as an interesting, interesting story. Unfortunately, after making sure to stay through the horrible version of the "New Terrorism" and hope to see something, anything, to look, just to despair, I have no hope left to insist on paying for a second, long-term and more exciting. In addition, it distorted me to think that BBCA was broken and mentioned, and offering an endless time (every ten minutes or so) broadcast, and then turned to ask me to pay for what it might have been open tonight. I will describe the first paragraph of a review of the "New Terrorism": it says the whole truth: "The initial excitement about Robbie Coltrane with its role as a BBC, caused by the exploitation, of a criminal psychologist is a snow under a journalist. The heavy political Jimmy McGovern has decided to give into this vidpic of revival.Jolting first in his message - that is, Americans are a group of whiny namby-shoots who did not care about white on terror before they fell on our door - the McGovern Gateway clearing emphasizes the story and makes fun of seeing Fitz back on the case.
