For those who have never heard (or seen it in A & E), Cracker is a British TV show about a burglary, a chain-smoking, a psychologist named Fitz who helps the Manchester police department to find violent criminals. It is considered one of the most beautiful exhibitions that took place in the UK (and that says something), and it was very successful in the UK and around the world back in 1993. Now, the original stars are shared with the original author to knock out more than 2 hours . I loved this show since I would see it first, more than ten years ago. The box of the DVD box has a place of respect in my collection, and I can mention a good deal of Fitz's interrogation events by word. The idea of ​​Robbie Coltrane to join Jimmy McGovern for another television movie about Fitz has filled me with absolute joy. <br /> <br /> I'll start with good. One of the many things that he emphasized about the original series of Cracker is how quickly Fitz was defined as a character. Five minutes in the first place? and his speech (throwing books into the air), drinking him, and asking him a guy after him in the queue of gambling machines? and you knew, just knew, whose character was. You can hear him “dancing” in your mind, a type of click that only happens when a good actor gets a great responsibility written by the great author. <br /> <br /> Coltrane, of course, remained good at all of the show, but always felt that some of the future sessions? those written by McGovern? he treated her. So the good news is this: Fitz is back. Once you see him in this show? make the most improper views in the wedding of his daughter? you'll hear "click" again. It is he: a very good time and real sadness of the second, always of the conscious, realistic to the point of ignorance but very surprisingly in the process. If you like this behavior as I have done, you will be happy with the way she is shown in the film. And this goes on with Judith and Mark: in fact, everything related to Fitzs is fully run. The problem I have with this film is about crime Fitz tries to solve. In the usual style of Cracker, we know exactly who the offender is in the first five minutes? The lie is a fiction of seeing Fitz. In this case, we have a serial killer who is out of the US blood. And the reason for this, unfortunately, is not due to any psychological problem? Instead, it seems that the murder here is to allow the author to express his political beliefs. It's hard for me to write this, if I really believe that Jimmy McGovern is one of the most writers in the world. Then I have problems with movies about current issues, or movies taking a political position. But in the Cracker world, we hope to see the characters they do as human beings, not as caricatures. Instead, Americans in this film are all displayed in a completely fashionable fashion. They do not know anything of the voice that complain about everything, treat strangers as a seduction and cheat for their wives? one of them could do all the above in less than 5 minutes. I really believed I would like other ways to change or something. It does not stop there. Do we get a constant reminder of how the war in Iraq is going? remind them who have nothing to do with the story and appear without disappearance. The murderer is more concerned about how Bush is worse than Hitler that he forgot to continue killing; but more to the point, he is one mouth in the opinion of a political author who he forgot to act as a reliable human, and so we? as listeners? do not use its sudden change from a happy family and a spirit of torture-murder. Can't I say that this has destroyed my show? it was still a good television, better than almost everything else in kind (mainly due to, once again, Coltrane). But his regular politics has made it impossible to be as good as the real classics of Cracker as "Being a Man"? The part that was like "issuey", but one that was addressed to more knowledge and psychological skills. Two other small things: The rest is not close to lust, but it is the worst is its position. The whole police department? which has long been filled with many characters - now filled with vanilla. Traders who have not been able to interact with each other and everyone (how you can run Richard Coyle's Relationship Relationship is over me, but in fact it's missing here). Also, there is a short time when the show loses its faith for me. A similar example is about Fitz to reduce all of Manchester's population from 1 million to one hundred according to some strange parameters (French windows? Does the computer know if I have French windows?) ?? he is not only succeeding in doing so, but is succeeding for less than an hour. I don't think so. So, all in all, I had a little disappointment. It is recommended to watch, but remember to leave at least some of your expectations at the door. However, if there is a new series coming after this, it would all be beneficial: I believe that McGovern can write great things, and maybe now that he has his politics outside his system can return to write about people.
