Man, I find it hard to believe that the Alan Ball of wonder had nothing to do with this mess. After seeing the first two events so far, I think I can say this safe without being on me should see the list. It has had many things against him. Not one of the characters prepared is very good. Anna Paquin as a guide to leading Sookie, is just bad. I remember that it is the best in many things I have seen in it so perhaps it's just the scriptures. It's not very fun to watch either, there's a time when being honest seems to be bad. The actor who plays Bill is a little better, as long as his behavior is supposed to be a wooden and unusual type. Some pastors are doing a good job but with cliché letters that are difficult to make the accents given to them are hard work. Tara is a trouble of looking at, Rutina Wesley kills the impression. It's like nails on a bad board. Almost as bad is Nelsan Ellis, it's hard to understand what he says even sometimes. Both character with Tara also seem to be a racist to me. I don't know, having a character say 'whycome' on the HBO display which is not The Wire looks just odd. From the outside of the healed so far is the grandmother of Sookie's doddering, her brother's sexual brother, and just a little of the cast for creativity I saw in William Sanderson as a sheriff. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be moving towards the destination for this point, without real concern about setting the viewer interested. Romantic things are Dark Shadow-sy. Although this shows the reasons for the camp due to something like the former Shadows dark ten times. Sometimes it seemed to be a camp to me, that we must think it was intended to be. But unlike the show such as Buffy, which pulled the camp off, this show does not. From the place with congestion is a strong sex and sex show. I don't know anything when it has been successful, as they have and many other HBO displays but here at least they enhance sexual intercourse that involves Jason Stackhouse to seem a bit up and useless. Only about the only thing I can think about this confusion is that I loved the series of opening headings. HBO has had a string of unfortunate and their exhibitions recently, I hope to delete this after the first season and try to find something better on air.
