For each series that makes television, 100 ideas are made, 50 scripts are written, 15 pilots are made, and one, only one, makes it productive. From this process of selection, we lead to believe that the final product should be a vegetable cream, for what other reasons may have many rejection ideas to give us a single television series. <br /> <br /> And so it goes with the Blood of Truth; all the stars were connected to what began as a series of novels were turned into an idea, playing screens, experiments, and finally a series. Unfortunately, sometimes it can be a long journey and on the way there are many turns that change what is good and clean and show that producers feel better for testing. Oh, what are the most common mistakes that are ...../> <br /> The true blood is a symbol of the concept of creation that includes one of the poorest lines of stories, the worst acts, and the silliest streams like anything in The latest television history. His international trap of unidentified actors are struggling to get their voices but they continue to move on to their southern south lies. Alan Ball's ambitions, Ryan (Jason Stackhouse), gives us a red shot every week though they are often not connected to stories. The behavior of the black-fashioned woman fails to unite and you find it secretly in the hope of vamps to take her quickly before going to another speech on white oppression while attending the Confedercy Glory celebration. Sam finds a lost love for Sookie and suddenly we should believe he needs to look in the morning, night, and night despite years of working with him and avoiding any such relationship. <br /> <br /> About the Vampire Bill, its high moral values ​​are quickly surrendered to the first opportunity to make love with Sookie and does not have trouble making a quick snack (though still caused by a certain amount). We see other vampires are not the same as Bill but we want very much to be accepted by the public as they look at life as the Life of Life and feet / tout. you will look a bad show, it's still bad. Life dies because, even vampires. Maybe this show should.
