This show had many forms but I had no information about it until midseason (season 1). Someone even suggested my advice. But I decided that if I wanted to look at it, I would be waiting until the end of the season to look at it in bulk. Due to the structure of the show, I am happy to wait. I think it would have been very angry and almost every last end in the hanger some of the cliff then wait another week to find out what's happening in the next second story. Somehow, this show has been able to beat too much. Jason will have sex with anything going on. After seeing that a woman had sex with her, she was in bed with another woman next night! Then Tara and Sam continue, although each of them knows that Sam likes and Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie gets mad when later gets information about it - though she sleeps with a vampire. One of the problems with the show, is that it doesn't do a good job to care about the characters. I did not take care of Jason completely. Despite his long pursuit, he was cautious to people who were really concerned for him. After a few events, I had no idea if he was killed in some way. For this reason, I was not much interested in the murder until Sookie's mother was affected (since the first two were more closely associated with Jason). Then Sookie and Bill once they have sex, the story gets a small part. Tara's mother wants evil, then the exorcist woman tries to persuade Tara to have one to remove her own demon. I was not too worried about anything evil as I know there are people who really believe in these things. However, they lose a little time in demonstrating that it is the right farce after Tara uses 1300 dollars on departure for her and her mother. For other points, some developments are taking place very quickly. Jason continues to be a jerk, trying to sell his grandmother's items to buy a vampire blood, which appears to be a new crack or something. In his search gets this girl who will make V (blood of a vampire) with him. They get on, and within three days they love each other and catch a vampire for a regular source V. Another example is when Bill should go to the vampire court. She has gone for two days before Sookie starts to feel abandoned and start to wonder if she thinks "the vampire politics" is more important than she. <br /> <br /> The lie is not a strong suit of display. It is not worth thinking to think something going on with the domestic dog. Although my idea was not dead, it was not very strange. But at the end of the two events is where it was so bitter as it just hit all the progress in your face if you could not possibly make it out. When Tara gets in a car accident, the woman's face is naked and the pigs are exposed, and it is easily recognized when she appears in prison for exile. If it is not enough, then show the woman again and the pig at her home. Then it's time to close the murder story. At the end of the last period, it has been revealed that Renee is not the one who says she is most likely to be a murderer. In the last part, they beat Renee to be a murderer in your face. Sookie's words that are amazing that Renee's ideas are not inspiring. I thought it was good, because it adds Renee to be a fraud. But the following area is full of evidence from Renee. They show that Renee has a Maudette tape and a vampire and her boyfriend finds a tape in one of Renee's boxes about how to clear the brilliant Cajun. At this point it was only ridiculous. I mean WE GET IT !!! So blah blah blah things happen. Bill almost commits suicide when he can't save Sookie, who can still kill Renee. They begin to set up the 2nd season by dropping out of non-specific issues. The lady of the hog and Sam has a history, Lafayette has gone missing and can be killed. Jason is in the process of having brain brain being a religious nut and a combat-vampire church - which makes me care about him even less. <br /> <br/> It's amazing to see how many people really like this show. I think I just expected this show to be the best. I am determined to see what is happening in season 2, but if I investigate it, I will be waiting for the completion of the season.
