After looking at some of the great things of HBO - Brother Band, Rome, etc. - I must say I had a very good expectation before looking at the first part of the "True Blood". Jeez. Often the script was written written by the age of 8, some parts have been done very badly, (the place where he “saves” Bill, meaning to come. He gives us a chain to that person and goes around the neck and defeats him by magically! That was a very embarrassing if you want my opinion or a few before the area, when he sees that the couple has gone with Bill, worried. They hear they plan their affairs, and if 5 seconds later, magic! 3 of them have gone, and without any war or noise or anything I mean the idea of ​​the show has seemed to be amazing, amazing, exciting, existing and human vampires in our modern society ... but honestly I don't think they wanted to do more than this small show soap, that the average teen girl looks at the moment all but no one else cares about ... Unfortunately, the script is written badly, largely for the best. Very well known and predictable. This common was a kind of joke or something. <br /> <br /> Officials provide realistic non-interesting displays, if you want my opinion. They seem to take a very show too much, if it's some kind of a common budget family budget budget (perhaps maybe what, if you take part of the family). The only actor who seemed to be good to me was Stephen Moyer in Bill's role, based on improper text, very short answers that he had to say "Who are you ..." "I can give you the phone sometimes ...", I think he did well in bringing a part A particular terrible vampire in which anyone who has a role of vampire must have, in fact. Anna Paquin was similar too, but not more. But the boy, playing his brother though, jeez, he is awesome. The area that gets arrested is just shy for modern television. Acting is bad, the construction site looks artificial to the bone, and two other people "Why does he catch you? Uh .. I dunno ..." That was a good embarrassment. Another thing that I think was completely wrong is the way they presented the psychological power of sookie. They make us hear what people think and say at the same time and that's just right. It often seems to be unnecessary, if people 's ideas were a kind of radio station that heard, and that when he came near em he hit the right level of circulation and he needed to hear everything they think. And finally, sex incidents were not really needed and that the vampire sex object was totally hateful. Do not make a mistake - I wrote all these comments not because I thought the show was BAD, but because I had lost so much. I expected the best things. I didn't think it would be like that. It's definitely not showing GOOD though. The best assistant.
