This had all the best films - good actors (Robert Loggia, Ellen Parker), a good plot (amazing muscles from a risk-threatening world) and lots of shares (if the Air Force has a fire-fighting film, was used). Unfortunately, it has been damaged by many melodrama and the impossible time line. The movie involves a missile from the space that is attacked by Soviets and is not distorted by the low atmosphere. In less than five miles and over 4,000 miles, it provides enough for a million degrees, igniting everything below, including glaciers, Base Guidelines for Offline Conditions (DEW) and Eskimos. Every attempt to destroy the missile fails. The first disadvantages of this film appear early. While we do not expect too much from the small budget films, other things cannot forget - as a little research. For example, the Soviet and fire-fighting bombings of the United States that come into the missile with incorrect accuracy. However, the first tests of ABM successes were not carried out until March 1961 and Russians. There are too many melodrama. Dr. Loring (Loggia) and his assistant Joan Woods (Ellen Parker) love their love and wood as much as a log cabin. Parker's character eats with boo-hoos in the Loggia sacrifice if he was on a screen test. Loggia is about a hero like a tired businessman. The scientist (Phillip Pine) strengthens William Shatner to look like a scholar. The bus driver always offers the ultimate advertising of the world in the area after the location. Only a good actor is a film writer, played by former actor of Lawrence Dobkins ("Naked City"). All this can be ignored if it was not for the time line. After the missile information was sent to DC, Pentagon brings a group of scientists. Director (Larry Kerr) announces that the missile will strike New York City for 63 minutes. After that, there is a discussion with scientists and there is a bad lull as the word is supposed to come from delegates to see if a missile is an attack from Russians and if the answer is important. <br /> <br /> The film shows the military fully hit. Civil protection people leave work and go to their centers. Eight people are fighting the collapse of the school when school buses take millions of children (and we see New York City's white I had ever seen, though watching 50 physics films made it seem like this was the standard). The media is kept in the dark for ten minutes. Then, surprisingly, someone at Pentagon announces that the missile will touch Ottawa, Canada for 51 minutes! All the preliminary action was done for 12 minutes! Then, adding fuel to the fire, Loggia somehow thinks of a way to stop the visitor's shock. She produces a slow plutonium case, puts it on the jeep and takes it from DC to the base of the lumps to put it on the muscles. On the way, he was beaten off the road with a wild driver, broke and then carried the captive. Finally it gets back to plutonium and gives it to the base to hand a missile. Again, all this for 63 minutes the same. <br /> <br /> Movie also looks at the viewer as it looks like Ottawa can be saved, to show only men, women and children being burned. The missile says it has five minutes to reach New York. Loggia still runs on the base (4 miles away). He gets the foundation and the missile weapon, the two-minute count is announced. All within five minutes. New York tribes should be at least burned. <br /> <br /> By the way, the missile has been destroyed if you don't know it. ABM battles have destroyed it and a great nuclear explosion of plutonium. Five seconds later, the explosion declines and all is clear. Yes, they did a nuclear explosion like Hiroshimas 100 out of New York City and nothing happens. The film had all the features that needed to be a good B, but lost. Loggia played his character so he did not care that he sacrificed himself at the end. You were not worried about the other characters, even a scientist who played with Pine. The tension that you would have just caused the film was not physically possible in the allowed line (it still can't be today, even with Jack Bauer). <br /> <br /> This movie is very hard to find. As far as I knew, it has never been given for any reason and for good reason. I don't know if the film means that or if it is a normal practice, but there is a place where the government sends all the best scientists, military men and businessmen into a large home, saying that it is worth losing. There is not one or more women in the group. Rhodes Hari is just a black man in the film and gets a little playing piano. It was worse than "27 days" where the visitor gives Earthlings five opportunities to save or destroy the planet and does not include whites or Hispanics. I saw this in Sci- night nights on the Turner Classic movies and I won't expect to show you again. If you get a copy of this somewhere else, you would like to put it on Amazon.com.
