There are two types of characters in the SHIELD: people who are trying to do the right thing and do the right thing, and people who are trying to trust themselves and do all the sins they can while telling themselves and everyone that they are heroes, and everyone's hope. More than any show, SHIELD is about hypocrisy and self-deception. Unfortunately, hypocrisy and dealers are the heroes of the exhibition, and as they have the usual protection of the fake 'incompetent' to get a failure or to get it from above again, making ignorance from all their partners ... show has The best camera-work. Ins ins lead and out fade is very good. In fact it is a work of art to see. Unfortunately this story is a cartoony, a state of proper destruction of the completeness of the brutality of rape, rape and lies. <br /> <br /> The hero, who draws everyone with him in the fallen plan after the lost deal, is wiley as a bros of the cartoon character warnings, run constantly and blow up all the fudds of all (anyone who doesn't help him in his lies and crime) ), attracting a beautiful woman who keeps the behavior of coming to the show, with any attempt to bring her right, and always pull your ears and her right to justice. If another soldier detects something wrong with what he is doing, and someone hurts because of his actions, he always blames the accused, regardless of the fact that his plans and falsehoods and degrading plans are always the reason. Every time. <br /> <br /> Like 24, this show depends on a series of delays with countless delays to present its story to the season after season. Adequate, long-term stories are included in the story of each season to provide skeletons that depend on the blood sheep, which are deviated that are destructive acts and inevitable barriers. However, sadly, however, is a brush of authors when they try to change the sympathy of the audience and return, by far the form characters on bonds. Sometimes, they want us to see Shane as an enemy. Sometimes they want us to see him as an incomprehensible soul. Sometimes they want us to see Vic as a dynamo risk, sex. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor person with a gold heart. Sometimes they want us to see immediately as Jezebel down below. Then they think that if they show him the seat and talk about his dreams with Shane, we will see him compassionate and sad. There is no proper damage to the kind of mercy they want. Once they show these characters they are destroying the lives of others with their own intentions, they are. It's vanity to keep trying to return and return. But then, it is also violent to produce seven seasons of the quake clowns to draw every good example of their beds and run a criminal union outside the police station, under the nose of everyone.
