As wearing a hair shirt. Well, altogether, without a shadow of one course of the worst movies. Pure suffering. Star zero among ten. One long, exciting, active, engaging, self-revealing, exhibition, and leadership after another. Expected to be like a dream and pleasant, the soul of bared, is, instead, the morose sauce. Half-naked, father and son and whisper to each other as lovers. "Homo-erotic" is a matter, great and clear. Okay, why? Repeated once with a child is a line, considered to be raised from the "Life of Saints," "The love of the father crucifies him. The son of love is crucified." Compatible with God and his son, Christ, is a heavy, useless, and bombastic burden, like everything else here. Some records refer to the head of France: "Mother and Son" (1997); "Return" (Andrei Zvyagvatsev, 2003); "Odessa limited" (James Gray, 1994); Turgenev, "Father and Sons"; and, of course, Dostoyevsky, "Brother Karamazov." Credit in English shows the purpose of international distribution, meaning that excuses can not be used that you need to be Russian to understand this confusion. It is anywhere near if it is completed or facing the end of Sokurov, "Russian Journey" (2003). As in "Mother and His Son," the same powerful, other events are happening from the mirrors wrong, although they are not interesting. Film is almost monochromatic, shooting from start to finish through the beige filters, and do it as if emerging as a strange numbing. Haze-focus focusing only adds to the drugged sense. <br /> <br /> Drones sounds annoying sounds, never stop, like loop loop. The old radio always plays back. Russian Romantic melancholy swelling for as long as "Tchaikovsky's basic theme." The presence of "voice creator" (Sergei Moshkov) denotes, of course, that all these sounds angry sound, static radio, sound, misleading, and such, are "designed." It is difficult to believe someone (Sergei Potepolov) really wrote this. It all looks like a variable as a traffic, as if it is made up of exhausted actors, coming out of anything to be anything. Modern art has finally succeeded to imply something without something, so what we see is the idea of ​​an idea, empty as a shell, but even a shell, just the idea of ​​a shell. Can someone ask for better definition of destruction?
