Put South Africa, a black black boy tries to beat part in the movie 'gangsta'. But without the knowledge of road life, he said he knew what life is true or not. She can do her work in a group that has been led by her former friend from school and her chances of being seen in the decrease of the film while committing crimes. But for the leader of the group, the great tragedy of his new friend shows the golden opportunity to do something better with his own. Although it may seem interesting, it's anything but. The first half of it is so amazing and stimulating, when "running" takes place to the end and the lowest car speed hit. In those "expulsions", two police cars are used, all of which are early to Nissan's's 90's. Not only have the cheap to take (and I hardly believe that they could use old South African cars in 2000), but as far as I can remember, there are only 2 involved and none of them get right away once. The car is running very badly, and the corners of the campaigns far away and very bad and on the road on the road, and are located close to 2 minutes at a high rate if you should believe that a very young child is really a very experienced driver who can escape police for conveniently despite driving by driving and walking completely. That now leads me to the characters and acting, which is also bad. The child mentioned earlier is driving at the age of 13 and thinks he has a lot of experience in losing non-emerging police. Everyone else is the same as being powerless, even though they look at the exit sometimes. In the closing area of ​​the movie, our main character ("Sox Moraka") is asked by a group leader to steal a car from a car. While having trouble opening, the police come and ask him what he is doing and responds by telling him it's his car. After a short argument they try to arrest him and then hold the Police to gunpoint and jump again to their car. After entering, Police return fire and on the other hand is injured. After another stand still, they decide to stop the car and make it to destroy any evidence. The following is one of the most devastating and traumatic experiences I have ever seen. When the car "explodes", the over-seeing fire appears from each window and the negative effects of sounds that are not available even when. It has been done badly and it seems to be even harder to put it in words, and really requires a reliable appearance. If you look at the slow motion it looks even funnier. I have seen a better effect than this in the building documents of murder. Car is the Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. What would not be so worthwhile, and they could not destroy it with a real blast? I would like to know how the budget of this movie was great. It feels so cheap that I wonder it made it out of South Africa, and even more surprised has made it free to DVD. I don't know it's a great budget for Hollywood production. I know what it means to show groups in poor South African towns that steal cars from the middle of the class and sell the pieces on the black market, but with the laughable effects, the car caused by destruction, horrible characters and characters, any sense of truth is lost completely. <br /> <br /> Overall, I certainly don't advise you to look at this. If you want to have a laugh and see one of the worst downs of the amovie budget made, then I would like to recommend it, and just so. It is poor, well-organized, poorly organized, poor and low-down budget deficit fails for all errors. I have seen many South African movies, including lots of cheap prices for NuImage / Nu-World, and despite their happiness, they are much better than this for all accounts.
