***** AVERTISING, PROMOTION OF PEOPLE IN DOING IN THIS TRIPE. **** <br /> <br /> Here is good advice for anyone living in England When Channel 5 has a 80-year-old comedy on the end of the night, read the book instead. I am now in the process of recovering from shock, from reading some comments on this film here. I am actually charged with the fact that someone actually said this film was true! All I can say is to thank God the Cold War has not been spread or perhaps we can also provide the order of our Commie ... I have seen this film completely describing, perhaps it is my British view of what makes the film wonderful, who knows? But in all respects, this film is not just bad, its terrible teeth. I have never been a fan of Bill Murray, and his garbage like this that relieves my feelings about it. Don't make a mistake, I love Ghostbuster, which was made only three years after this film. But this is just a bill of Bill Murray in fact. I can safely say that I have never lost my time like this since I saw the first Delta Force Operations on here, although these two films are more similar than you think. For the 1st matter, both have a systematic action from the beginning to the end, and 2. All are well-filled with Cliche's cheesy, around. Here is one thing, these people should be in the "U.S. Army". However they are allowed to go around their camp, Willy nilly, leading the Army Military Officers, and then persuade them in the Houses of the Leaders. Talk about Random! This movie is awesome for this I fear. Now do not suggest, I am not a sympathetic girl, but the fact that these two women fall into the hands of the heel with love and two characters shortly after binding them, letting them go free ... Twice, it is only insulting to the female community. The fact that one hair angry, lipped bum oil (Winger) and its bad sidekick Ramis can only sweet to speak themselves into MP underwear, which they fall madly in love with two of them are short. > <br /> Then there are training events, where you get to meet the "Phycho" group who threatens to kill anyone who touches him or her things, followed by a weight bloke (played by John Candy and late) who says he joined the army "avoid paying $ 400 for angry management classes". To lead to Murray mouthed large pay for "Toe Giant," (WTF?) 'Drill Seargent' who honestly could not prepare pi $$ up in beer, then alone artificial recruitment. This whole section serves to do is to prepare many combat events, and people say "way to go donkeys"! "all the time, etc. etc. <br /> <br /> Exhibitions continue to show the rag identification to practice their own on the Attack Course, leading to a place where one of them blows into the air at some point to pass the airplane to the attack gun, moving tower (Just like that, Yep, told this film was randomly ... He avoids the miracle without considering too ...) Finally leading up to the exporter, where innocent fighters make the wind turn within the space of hours (Bugger me, Miracle!) Because of some wise words from Murray, which they then direct massively no military like dance routine before Geriatric 'Head' in front of the rest of the squads. The two on the stand, who really should have been catching ... Everyone laughs off though. This little thing is not surprising though. Then he chooses to protect the World's Million Million Million Oni (Italy which appears to be a green-green house), claiming "This is the meaning of this Army!" Right ... <br /> <br /> Then there is a bad finale, where Murray and Ramis it decides to steal this mysterious secret of the Army of the Army to take their newly acquired lovers and new German parliamentarians in Germany. The unhappy Captain (John Larroquette) is learning and guides the new employers' mission to get the car. For them they take "turn back evil" en-way and end up in Soviet Held Czechoslovakia, where they are captured. (As we have seen that coming ...) So begins a rescue attempt to Ramis and Murray + Birds by hand, which is the greatest fighters, loads of bullets from the chains of chains and hitting. With them to return as national heroes, humiliating the Russians by calling them "pussies," etc. etc. Last. That's right. There is no Court of Court, no. They just stole a military vehicle, put it into the Warsaw Convention and close to the International event that could shine WW3! <br /> <br /> This film is more fun because it gets the last disease. I know what it means to be a comedy, has all the actors of justice so, but where in Hell? Does the center 5 reduce these periods out? The only feature of redemption in this film is the frequent use of naked women who use rain, and Wrestling of a female Mud. (as I said, Random) It is not that it helps to turn from the fact that this is a completely rejecting film, of course. This film should be aimed at the age of 9 years, sadly, we should look at it instead. 1 star out of 10 - Total Group. My advice, do something more for your time. If you devoted yourself ...
