I just saw "If" I can remember ads for a movie from 1968, so I was interested in seeing it finally. It could be an American view that never went to a public UK school and missed some social references, but I thought the movie was bad. For one thing, as others said, it takes almost a whole movie to ballyhooed-at-the-time break out. For another, if the last area is true or thinks, what happens is not a rebellion, but a rampage of bullets. There is quite a difference. <br /> <br /> I know that it can be a bad form of judging the movie on the following events, but one cannot avoid doing here. One person wrote a message board to send us not to compare the end of the film on events at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho on the one hand and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other hand, I can just see it. All four were under the illusion that their guns would clean up ___- ed up the world that they proudly take no responsibility for. <br /> <br /> What brings me to: why Hell is Travis and its chums even in school they despise? They are adults, or around them. They are a military prison, like prisoners in "The Hill," the best film of Britain from the same time. No one urges them to go to college and take beats from hurricanes, except the proud parents who need to wake up on the nature of their children. I had a chance at the university to join the brothers, but I can't stand to receive false, brutal orders and criminals who claim to be "my brothers". I used the results of being "inside" with the Establishment which frats provides, and I can say I despised. If Travis enjoys himself a second coming to Lenin (who did not have an immortal image in his room) he is free to go out and organize a fitter or work union for Michael Foot in the next election. If she wants to be Jack Kerouac, then go on the road and start writing. What are the possible benefits that drives the world with the joy of motorcycle and drink in his room? Sometimes the audience should be like the person who responded to the event in "The Last Tango In Paris" where Brando runs about to be going to date with the manure of the cow on his shoes. In the real world, the man said, the listener will say "Why didn't you move?" - Do not allow false characters to make a personal trip to you because you do not know the alternatives to common feelings for them. So it's here.
