like .... it's similar to Sgt movies. Pepper: Respected by the boomers of children as the essence of creation, and seen as a substitute for secret business for previous generations and subsequent generations. Now that children of middle classes around the world seem to be super humanity due to the network, and see the prospects of boarding school as thanks to good opportunities for books of Harry Potter books / films, the importance of whether .... couldn`t be more due to modern concerns. In fact, many events seem to be a guest and an impressive spread of Wall Floyd's. A person should not hold personal preferences on the film while passing through, and the consolidated date of this film aside, there are several errors that some have ignored. Lindsay Anderson was known to be a fan of Luis Buñuel, on the most common being very intelligent for his own benefit. And despite the direct details of the first and second actions, the last part of the piece was taken hostage by cod Buñuel surrealism and experiments emerged in the example. Anderson was not able to this this because of his anxiety on the mind, failing to see that Buñuel was a jovial in his career. I have not seen a critic who is grateful to 'Pastor in the drawer', and it is almost still looking on the other side from those who worship this film. Finally it is not a sharp blow to the class system / values ​​established, like the sand of the rain on the target of moving. The UK public school system was established for middle classes have been taught at home by private teachers. And the operandi modus like .... was looking at the school's life boxes that Lindsay believed he had no experience in the film, and so savaging middle class pretending. Homosexual, cervical, cold and al. In fact, these issues were covered in many other British films, just like .... just brought them forward. Browning's version was the oblique destruction of the breath, and only one name. If it's .... it's amazing, and can't be viewed by modern eyes (especially America). Kudos and Anderson to avoid Mick and Kieth for African singing, and several points of brownie for existing exploits of exploits. Reduced points for pretending, establish characters who lose, and encourage a glib revolution that is not done.
