The UK Public Public School system did not just change the idea of ​​educating the higher classes despite having unusual and prevalent views. It was created to produce executives and administrators, civil servants and soldiers to run British colonies. These people were almost completely employed from middle classes. When Public Schools started to show their value of the aristocracy they were sent to them instead of being taught at the home of teachers and staff as it was before. They prefer to make a school near "Town" so Eton and Harrow became more popular with the parent class. Many Public Schools took their pupils under a social level. Tom Brown, a very popular Public School pupil, was a country child of parson, not a necklace. So in the late 1960s, the British colonial country after colonialism and the end of its promises to its former believers as soon as Harold Wilson could eliminate its "Gannex", "As" of Lindsay Anderson was welcomed by cathartic fun and speaking classes and cheat everyone else. It should be remembered that the so-called "summer love" was followed by "the October Revolution" which was not the incident that left a few police in London and the broken heads and the US Embassy with one or two broken windows, but they were completely successful. So, Mr Anderson's film came to the movies, the former retired retirees witnessed vicariously in what they saw as the triumph of Mr Malcolm McDowell's glory on their "Amorphous", despite the fact that he had been attacked by fraud at the end, eventually which would undoubtedly happen to them they had succeeded in their efforts to enter the USEmbassy. The film did not tell us anything new about Public Schools, homosexuality, cold tolerance, sarcastic teachers of religion, deception. A whole list of familiar also. It was announced that it was against the comparison of the UK with a destructive society that was standing with the school. In fact, nearly forty years in those schools have not been successful, the British social system has not changed, "The October Revolution" has long forgotten but for those involved on one side or another and Mr Anderson has completed the "Country Country" trilogy has no effect. If for any position you should read a book on schoolboys who made the buck system rather than more successful than Mr McDowell and his friends and more lived to tell the story, find a copy of "Stalky & Co" written by someone whose great poem "If" name It is called by Mr Anderson's film, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work has been taken silently in our literary history. And before the training to succeed in announcing that it is not a man. Perhaps someone should start a revolution about it.
