There is one very good place in Faat Kine. The head attitude gets a move with another woman and after being threatened, Faat Kine cures the face. The area works because the act is not expected, surprising, and instead of playing at the same time. In this example, the author / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience a characteristic that is easy to enrich, an attractive film character that can look at two hours. In the area, gives a brave woman who is confident in her actions. For the remaining film, the only thing that seems to present is the tones that are conflicting. <br /> <br /> Sound is on the place. Of course not all movies are perfectly suitable in some kind, but I don't think Faat Kine fits in any kind. In fact, it is a drama, although there is a time of comedy as a wider (the above medicine on the face) that cannot be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film is not supposed to have a comedy and a large amount of sembene sneakers into the photo. There is a way to combine the comedy easily with concert together. Unfortunately, Semebene does not get the same ratio. Instead, one event after another comes into each other without rhyme or cause, leaving two different tons hanging in the wind. Faat Kine also has trouble keeping two hours long and the most finale offered. The film lives with a large party where all the conflicts of the characters have been resolved, not immediately available. The area lasts more than any other area, it goes on for another twenty minutes. Because all the things that have been found so far have been the same, the finale is very difficult to endure over and over again at the beginning of the area, and to practice the confusion of sight. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm too hard on the Faat Kine. I am not the right audience for it. I don't feel anything towards the characters and was not connected to any part of the story. There are people who might find something useful in the story and see powerful characters. However, I couldn't do it and so I can't recommend.
