The boy kills the little woman without cause. The brother's brother is in prison for allegedly being a helper, but soon he is running away. After escaping, the innocent person robs three victims and soon strikes his girlfriend in a conspiracy. If this is not enough, the situation makes it slow down. <br /> <br /> This film had beautiful things and many bad things. His main feature was Emily Haack's actress. Setting aside the fact that he is nude in the right amount of this film, he presents himself as an honorable actor with a very strong character. I don't see why he can't take this experience and somehow make it work somehow. I believed that he was a cruel man. Also, the creators of this film were very confident and did not pull barriers. Photography (both male and female), coprophagia, and boys' abuse are very unacceptable. I like my films of fear to push a few boundaries, and this left them completely, happily flying towards Gomorrah. Maybe it was too much, but I think they succeeded what they were looking for. <br /> <br /> But now the worst situation. First, and more visible, this film is a very low budget and the quality of the film shows this. I can blame them that - the plot was good, good acting and in some of the low-quality film events actually made the movie more troubling (more realistic). Therefore, I can not persuade them to have small tools. What I will stimulate to them is the use of bad choices in shots. For any reason I can make sure (instead of hitting the movie), there is a large amount of pictures of monuments. I don't know why, and I began to speak openly for this step because it was long and useless. I also deal with the head. The idea here was to deceive people to think this film had a classic connection "I Spit in your grave". Now, there is a visible line indicating the main character is the woman's daughter from this other film. And the theme is very free (female retaliation for men). But there is no direct relationship with this reason the head was selected for the shop's customers to think they are getting a client. This was deceptive and honest. My last complaint is that this plot has no real meaning. Even a little. The woman is murdered at first without cause. The prisoner finds time to rob people to torture them, because there is no (because they wronged his partner?). The person goes from the good to the bad without the explanation. Similarly, female leadership (Haack) returns my natural person to someone who is very aggressive and sad, without any reason, and against people who are largely referring to him (neighbor offers drugs are wrong, but no means to suffer for.) Do not let this head deceive you, or claim that the film is very shocking. Yes, some cases were surprising, but the majority of the film is lighter and makes you want to take a nap. If you see this on a video store or on Netflix, continue browsing. Or we may rent, and we can sit around and around for an hour. You have been warned.
