Shlock-businessman Leo Fulci takes a change of speed by making a trashy, an infinite sword and a fantasy movie instead of his usual trashy, horror very difficult. Orlando Bloom type Ilias, from a community like ancient Greece travels to the sea to the caveman area for some unsuspecting efforts to combat evil, where it joins a hunting animal hunter The animals of the wolf and the mutant of the mad witch of vampiric. Wackiness continues. Pastor, he invites the local monuments and wants a bow of magic. He sends various minions, each of them more powerful than the last, after our heroes who pass through their end, clapping with everyone who has been beaten everywhere. This movie has a WTF channel? elements and time. For some reason the entire movie is being hit in the right direction and the picture faces a constant presence of mist on the screen. This may be an attempt to create a sky or hide how everything fake looks. Any way, failed. There is no condition, except one of the epidemic of the epidemic and the least disruption and no hiding on how each blind is visible. Wolves of the wolf seem like a poor wookie. For some reason the director loved to shoot and shoot to fly to the air for slow motion, six-million Million Dollar Man, towards our heroes when attacking. There is probably over several of these shots in the movie and gets a spoon every time. Some of the magician's high traders, more than ordinary skin skins, are some of the white red mutants who seem to be wrapped in cobwebs. Needless to say it is slow and uncomfortable and when they speak like Spanish, they say Daleks. Struggling and unacceptable and special effects are embarrassing. Oh, music is the lowest price of the synthesizer which Doctor's creators would be embarrassed to use. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our name hero is bland and forget. He also looks perfect, especially with his midriff revealing skin clothing and hair, and it is clear that moron. Indeed, he is gold beaten by his magical bow but only takes about three or four arrows with him in his mission to fight this whole continent of evil. Of course he says he runs the arrows within a few minutes and should be saved by a more traditional sword and a magic hero, Mace. When he meets Ilias identifies himself as a kind of taciturn emerging, claiming that they have no friends but no sooner can say under the subject of homoerotic non-builders, making misty mountains together. Mace promises to take the Ilias with him to return to the grace of the bow. Ilias asks where he is going. "Wherever my feet take me," is his answer. Good enough for Ilias. Mace is also a lover of animals and hypocrisy. He declares his great love and fellowship with the animals, talking about common things about how he loves mankind because man can be soooo mean. He says he cannot hunt and kill an animal to feed himself but will be meat from other people who have hunted animals. He is also not on randomly to kill where innocent because there is no good reason. Shortly after the meeting, he tries to hit the bow of Ilias and reduced the film to some of the layout sandals, considering his own business, going along with Mace removing him. There is no indication that this poor spirit did anything to deserve this and even Ilias, who thinks he is from a moral and civilized society even to raise an eye. Movies / Movies are very common. For the whole movie he is totally naked except from g-string with a gold mask that includes his entire head. It's like Fulci included doing a mandatory film of T&A but decided he was very little of butterface in the last minute. He spends a lot of time looking at his pet snakes and he is on the shooting with an unselfish bow that is dressed like the Ilias. Wow, the same pattern! Later in the movie he comes out when he can not beat Ilias and Mace and promise to pretend that sex-slave of some old warrior as he is killed for it. Indeed, the world's most terrible anger is not a step forward for women's rights. I think he is a creation of corals on our heroes and takes place Mace in a situation where no one else is around but Mace swings. Was he worthy of your own honor business, Ocron? Are there a few WTF? time. Many of them come towards the end of the movie. Ilias loses out, I forget why, perhaps his permissive attitude has been expelled, but he knows the fault of his ways and comes back to help the eyes in fighting the power of evil. Suddenly, for no reason, his bow can suddenly fire out many goals to find the bolts of energy. Capsules can also strike a lot of rock at the time of need. Needless to say that he does a short work of the wrong groups that have taken Mace. <br /> <br /> Rate what is also a rather nonsensical. Mace reduces the remaining Ocron forces by using a laser arch to attack the potential. Then he can call Ocron from kilometers away using his shot through rock power. He begins to die. His mask is bursting by revealing the Muppet's hidden head. He goes around shouting and turns into a dog and walking with another dog. Mace is exciting. The gift of spirit. Not surprisingly even far from these low-budget planning and the magic of this film is one of the most efficient and focused. Anyone who has seen the Wizards of the lost Kingdom can tell you how destructive and pleasing these movies can be true.
