Despite the opening of the DVD and Blue Underground five years ago, I have never come up with an Italian "sword and magic" on the night of Italy's night and now, since I have seen myself, I know why. Is it not because of its usual director for the strict (which are some examples of certainty) or the fact that a few of the women in it are actively involved at all times (in the dark age after all)? is, just quite, very poor things really. In fact, I would like to say now that it could be the worst kind I have never seen, I believe, I have seen a lot (especially in the last few years ie following my trip to 2004 Venice Film Festival)! Read about how the failure of the film during the initial release is believed to have led to the future work of the director (and sadly) that it is not possible in the budget budget below, I can see their point: I love the previous “Fur” (1968) -77) for its most famous events (1979-82) himself, but even at the end, his promise was of course course. On the other hand, DOES it seem that it didn't encourage Fulci at least? seeing how he decided to cancel the charges for permanent permanent fog, sprinkling with unintended perpetrators (animals against waswolves, anyone?), a useless year (we are dealt with bitter dinner, without eating just before testifying have their real minded beat by their opponents of hair!) and even some improper friendships between masked, brain-slurping (don't ask) and its beautiful reptilian animal! Why it is important, we have two heroes at the same price here: a little boy-stool with a magic-affirming odyssey (Andrea Occhipinti) and a colleague who had been tied to the muscle (Jorge Rivero ie French from Haward Hawks' RIO LOBO [1970] ]!) Who, despite being called Mace (short for Maciste, perhaps?), It seems that there is only a drop in his regular cavewoman to get his little security out of trouble (especially during the very bad attack of 'boils') . Unfortunately, even the saving saving of such low equipment comes short here as an old electronic sign of Goblin Claudio Simonetti seems to be unpleasant at some point. Fulci even tries to give the film coda very quickly and the hero who has been going without the desert in the desert (after one failure all with the help of all the magic of the most important magic for his physical strength!) On the next? and unhappy? adventure!
