One example named Laura works in South America when she is taken from her hotel room and taken into the jungle. They want a great compensation for his release. Peter is employed to find his home secure and there is more for him if he can return the money with the girl. Peter is taken to the jungle by helicopter and friend Jack. They are trying to give the children money to return to Laura but the plan is going very wrong and they should be sponsored in a helicopter. Helicopter is thrown out and should also be a bond from it (not going well even now). Also walking forest is the devil of all kinds. In fact it is just a black black man with weirdly big eyes and a respiratory problem. He begins to kill a few of the young girls and Laura runs just to be captured by a few of them. Another part of the film is a little realistic. Now it's not a big fan of Jess Franco, in fact so far this is just the second film I saw, but even I can say that this is not one of his best efforts. The films are going very fast at all times. The whole thing has been easily transformed into a 25-minute TV show. There are a lot of long shots of people walking through the jungle that would have been lifted straight out of the <br /> <br /> Devil Hunter is not good enough (Infact I don't think it was lit at all), badly called, misused and slow yet because some don't carry me. I think the main reason for this was some bad events in it. For example the area where Laura is on the road was obviously shot on the real street as groups of people stop standing directly on the camera as it shot her. Another part of the funny has one of the group that has been killed, locked in the blood of the tree that looks like a friend standing right under it shouting for what it looks like a minute. Then because no one in the head head just falls and defeats the guy under it. It should appear reliable. Then of course there is a real devil. It's just a black black man who, despite the fact, has great eyes, he has a very good idea. The film was closed to a horrible video video in the 80's in England and it was banned. Now why I had no idea. There is a very little cloud and it is not good to be a terrible film. Reducing dirt would say that it can eliminate almost PG. The only thing I can think is that it has never looked and added to the original list because of the word of the mouth. There are not many reasons to watch this film really unless you are a great girl of Jess Franco. There is too much dirt to prevent you from sleep and also some of the bad events you can laugh at good but some wise I would just say to pay a South American ticket and get lost in the jungle. It may be more fun. <br /> <br /> 3/10
