Do you know all these letters for "Christmas Father" and "Jesus" that are sent each year? Yes, it turns out that they have no hands but dropped into the half-forgotten corner of the post office to decompose unless some of the bright sparks show the method of presentation. As wonderful layout goes, it's the winner and one that fits perfectly the incredible movie which is the "Office of the Dead Letters". After saying this, this is a clear Australian film as opposed to one of the UK. If it was Royal Mail, many letters find this type of treatment however. I have not been in a flat for two years and we still have a letter to Mr Wang, a female priest of the Last Day's church I've-Heard-Of-You and various catalogs for manufacturing equipment to be addressed to the plumbing company. The "Death Letter Office" (a name that has been given where the letter cannot be completed) looks at Alice's story (Miranda Otto) who grows in a very divided house. Writing to his absent father, he only learns from adults that his letters are not submitted for one reason or another. Therefore, logically, gets a job at D.L.O. and he finds himself working with other social people, including Chilean migrants, Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). Slowly, he finds himself recommended but he can find out where his father is not bringing the world of the Scriptures of the Dead to the knees? Nothing is against this film but I was reminded of the wonderful film Graham Graham "Released" during this watch. However, this is better than a bunch of horses but again, that's not hard. At the beginning, this film is more logical. True, the illustrations are very good and the bottom sign becomes a flood. But at least this is cooperation with quirky without being full drivel. It is also good to do. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are as good as lovers are looking for something they know that they will not be able to find when other characters are the best side. Part of the problem is that it seems to close fast, leaving the viewer distressed. Another feature is that when you explore Australian immigration policy (ie, if you don't speak English, rack off!), That story is not possible to be done in fact. Other characters, sadly, also leads to undermining the authenticity of the truth by proving that it is not more than a discriminatory football ball. With this, "The Dead Mail Office" is certainly different. It may not be everyone's taste but I liked it. Yes, it was hackneyed and predictable but sometimes, it is advisable to watch the film without a gun or violence or swear-duty and ignorance (there is no chance that in the Australian film). There is no great laughter, no time for Bullet and characters are automatically. But it's a story that counts here and when it is not good for the world in its glory, it is a good way to pass time. It is similar to the CD film Sheryl Crow - good to hear from time to time but can't be missing if it is not there.
