The problem with the "Scholar Scholars" is that only by searching this film, and during the investment look at it, it puts more effort in the experience than most of its heads did, especially Sam Peckinpah director. The already peckinpah Peckinpah was already getting into bad weather with this film. According to at least one biography, this is where he knows and cocaine. Add it to drink binge, and not surprising things that have fallen. It is a shame, because the concept behind the film is good, and the first ten minutes are very promising. Mike Locken (James Caan) and George Hansen (Robert Duvall) are private contractors who do many dirty work for CIA. They move quickly, they live well, and they seem like the best friend - then something happens to lose their brother. <br /> <br /> The opening section shows you the building - why we are not told exactly, par for courses based on the inspiration of this film. But it means these people hurt people and don't care very much - antiheroes such as the Wild Bunch of Peckinpah is not long-ago. The opening title tells me they work for ComTeg, then adds to the open language in the cheek ... "CIA's idea can employ the organization for any purpose it is, of course, pride." That's a good way to give the audience a whole audience lost. Add it to the cast of ordinary Peckinpah power, including Burt Young, Gig Young, and Peckinpah regularly Bo Hopkins in the role of a madman who can not pass a chance to shoot for $ 500 for a day, and just want that authors, including Sterling Silliling Celebration, tried to do something more with a story than turning it into a platform for lazy -liners and bad cutting-socky knockoffs. The attempt to incorporate human humanitarian efforts is largely. "You're busy doing their dirty work, you can't tell who the bad guys," someone tells Locken, if he or we need explained. It is still worse than the Peckinpah simplicity direction. We have 40 minutes on the film before we get our first chance of war, the collection of the total chaos of random shots where a group of people we have never met before appears to fight in San Francisco Airport, their intercut battle and talks at the office office. At the end of the film, what remains of the cast is to have a war in the ship of the victorious ship, the ninjas emerging clearly shut down when Caan leaves the same builder who causes any sense of emphasis. "Give me seven to five, I'll take a little boy," he only wants before the bond of the samurai air between two nuns of the ninja - from China, which we all know is the country of the Ninja. (The Battle takes place in San Francisco, but surprisingly no Mounties come to break things.) <br /> Caan is the best in small scenes, as when Locken, recovering from bad injuries, is told by one of his superiors, played by Arthur Hill smooth , that has been "Humpty-throw" by the organization. Caan refuses to sit down, and his recovery events, though the death of the movie, shows a good job from him and Amy Heflin, Van's daughter, as a supportive nurse. Caan was one of the best of the 1970s, and his hector playing with Heflin, Duvall, Hopkins, and Youngs all offering "Elite Killer" real freedom. It looks like "Elite killers" to think about it. You are looking at it to leave the movie.
