'No one knows anyone' is a passion for the plot of a scientist / nut for a religious ceremony of Seville during the holy week. It also happens to be the best friend of the film hero. The program has been launched by a striker as a computer game, and himself and a hero like players, and Seville as a viral environment. The local streets and streets of the city begin to take on the labyrinthine features of the old Pacman games. Looking this way, the area where the hero and his female side are driven by black-hooded penitents and rayguns can be seen as silly if it plays. From the beginning, we know that the story is being built as a game - the work of the hero is to create crossword puzzles for the famous newspaper; at one time, a cross grid on its screen becomes a chessboard which he later plays against his beloved father. Symptoms are generated generously, as the private camera closes in images that are shown later to be useful (e.g., an ad in the bar). Investigation elements / paper dismisses part of the game, rather than surveillance after reality. The film is very popular in the 'Se7en' model, and everyone with Catholic education will find the importance of certain events happening on a certain day in the flight of EAster. In this reading, the game is on the level of the story, and the hero will fight against the enemy (in this case, the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the film itself, which prevents the first. There are other sets of symptoms that are not available to the killer, but the film manufacturer and his hero. In the first ten minutes there are records of chess, a writer called Navokov and a religious leader named Sarin. If we remember that Nabokov's chess-love for the 1930s of fraud was Sirin, we see another game far away, one where we suspect not a villain, but a hero himself. In Nabokov's novel as 'Fire Fire', the author-writer creates text created to conceal his own intentions, stimulate the game between the author and the reader to reveal the actual text. In all films are scenes that seem to be misleading (e.g., infrared photographs), or those that are not recommended and dialogue that makes us think of the hero's perspective. The opening of all games are connected to him. In the early series, much is done by gender and creative victory, so the film can be his attempt to strengthen his life, to be a winner, in a way that he cannot really. Quickly he won the game than to prevent his author; The words he type is the title of the film, saying he is the general writer. Additionally, the position in the Spanish language is emerging from the wrong, the Nabokovian revolution that shows the hero, like Kinbote, bound in its own destruction. This modern post (Borges, Eco, Pynchon et al also expresses), Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (city view and history as a map and text; and as a cultural cultural fascinating present), Bunuellian fight with worship, and the 'shock' film of Alex de la Iglesia causes a film that is just, jumble, every crafty-element item that takes out the last, reject interest. The lack of clarity about the rules of the game makes it unknown, and eventually wear. Surprisingly, in the work of the most planned work, the great interest of the film is in its quality of the document, as the story of the story taking place in the real city and its events are being done independently. Such a combination of true and false can create a jewel like 'Soleil' sans' or 'London', but, finally, you need to have a thin touch similar to your maneuver.
