In the field of invention Sciences, two frequent themes influence interest, began to reflect on the pre-movie documentation, and have since been disclosed regularly by film designers and writers alike, with different achievements. The first theme, a temporary transportation, has made a strong fascination for film fans, as well as a written word, recently on the screen with another version of H.G. Wells classic, `Time Machine. 'The second theme, which also manages to present the audience as a whole, is invisible, which plays the imagination with the possibility of great and magnificent. And this theme, too, has been again the basis of a revised film from another HG Wells classic, 'The Invisible Man,' recognizing which, here, is a 'Hollow Man,' headed by Paul Verhoeven, and star kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue. Sebastian Caine (Bacon) and his partners have been experimenting with the US Government, exploring the probability and effectiveness of the invisible, who finally, have found the number of ancestors who tried their way. They, in fact, have continued to reach the point that leads to the absence of uncertainty; their only problem now brings the subject back to the original 'vision'. It's a problem, however, that the Caine, after the hard effort and many hours in the laboratory, has solved - or so thinks. And when the use of his theory on the subject of life succeeds, he decides to present the results to the board of directors, in an effort to maintain the necessary funding for the project. At the last minute, however, Caine laments, fearing that the control of the project will be beaten from him before proceeding to the next level - a test of humanity. And he finds himself to be an issue, getting his support team's research to tell them that they have been given permission to do so. But what goes wrong, and Caine is faced with his invisible garment; and if he and his team are struggling to find a solution to his great problem before delayed, it all begins to take a blow on Caine's mind. And suddenly, his fear of losing money and control becomes useless, as he finds himself facing a close risk of losing more than that. Now there is a very real chance that he can lose everything - Including himself. Verhoeven has done what was previously an exciting film, even to stimulate ideas; puts good speed and uses F / X its potential for great impact, although it allows for interesting attractions to win character development. Anyone who is known to the 'invisible person,' or indeed anyone who can follow logical development of the story, will know in advance that Caine is not suitable for fun times. Still, Verhoeven has a style of story description which is definitely going to cross and share its audience. But he seems to be running towards the peak, and on the way he leaves everything and everything that has made his film so far successful, deciding to go into the last-to-do not more bloodless and fest blood that contributes to his audience and everything he did for earlier in the film. Instead of finding a mind-to-mind decision of the Caine, and using the skills and ideas of taking the film that is the inevitable conclusion, Verhoeven takes the lowest road, and though it can succeed with a unique visceral level, any meaning that can get from the breaking story. like a lot of ashes in the wind, with anything that makes it a non-remember film. And it is embarrassing, because Verhoeven has a much higher level than what is offered in this type, and allows a very sinking depth. Kevin Bacon does a good job of creating a character that is reliable, if only on the face, which appears to be the Verhoeven project for a purpose. There is a depth of the image of Bacon, but it has much more than the agenda of its director than its ability to act. Verhoeven not only allows bacon when developing Caine at any rate; The character is particularly a tool that Verhoeven can create his story, and towards that end, it works. The film would have been better used, however, was Verhoeven and Bacon cooperating closely at least to develop collateral between Caine and the audience that would cause some emotional involvement on the audience, something that would have offered them to a bit, rather than leaving them at the gate as it was, as an observer of F / X extra bonus. Elisabeth Shue is actively involved with Linda McKay's role, assistant Caine of bad intentions, fate attempts, but essentially it is a non-thanking part that gives a small challenge, especially for caliber Shue actor. Similarly there can be a reference to Kim Dickens (so much in the 2001 film, `Things Behind the Sun '). His character, Sarah Kennedy, has little to support the action with F / X. All employees are more capable, and are better than what they were given to work with here. <br /> <br /> Assistance includes Josh Brolin (Matthew), Greg Grunberg (Carter), Joey Slotnick (Frank), Mary Randle (Janice) and William Devane (Dr Kramer). Enjoying the point, and even succeeding at a certain level (below), 'Sneaky' is one of the films that leave them to reflect on what might be. If you show an annual fire, it will give you some short-term happiness, but over time you will begin to mix with all the others you saw, without anything special to isolate. And it's very bad, because given talent and the ability of those involved here, it would be much more. I am testing this one 4/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
