Vampires Vs. Zombies start with breaking news that an unknown disease spreads in the United States causes a patient with homicidal & cannibalistic behavior ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and her boyfriend Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio while driving along the road backwoods alone to try and avoid disease when Travis runs a boy who I think is meant to be a zombie. From the bottom of the road stops helping Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) who live on the side of the road, this time there is also a third girl named Tesa (Melanie Crystal) sitting behind Julia's closed and closed car. For me this situation may seem strange but Travis, as a lover, takes it all in his step & agrees to 'take' Carmilla away from the hands of Julia &, well don't know the truth. Therefore, with a complete visitor, Travis gives away from Julia & Tessa. Carmilla looks like a beautiful girl but she returns to be a vampire and she likes to bite people and turn them vampires, oh & she's a bit of lesbianism too. Travis, Carmilla & Jenna continue to travel when a teenager called The General (Peter Ruginis) who appears to be a Vampire killer and probably has something to do with all but the film is such an issue and I don't know how to proceed with this plot plan. if my head hurts just think about it ... <br /> <br /> Co-edited, co-executive produced, written & directed by supremely untalented Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs. Zombies are one of the worst films ever and so one of the worst films ever. The D'Amato script was based on the story of the story with 'Carmilla' and Sheridan Le Fanu (should be accused) & is a full mess, holes in the plot and logic are very big you can run the tank through them! What? What disease is turning people into zombies? Why Carmilla is a Vampire? Who is Julia? What? Hell is Great? What does he want? Where is Travis and Jenna? How can Travis run someone up and still have little human feeling about it? What to cut the mind at the end? There is also a cycle of confusion and unnecessary dreams just to convince the viewer even more. There are just a lot of things caused by this film, the description is not appropriate for the intellectual, the concept of horror & never expresses well together and it is very strange. I have nothing positive to say about Vampire Vs. Zombies, not one. Forget about the zombies to fight with any Vampires because it does not happen, tell me again why this film is called Vampires Vs. Zombies? D'Amato Director has served one of the best, litter, poorly done, well thoughtfully and unfamiliar experiences that have emerged. Vampires Vs. Zombies don't have any features to redeem completely, there is no single feature that I can praise. Gore is actually a fake, there are some fragments of blood that are seen as red water, some of the most surprising effects and a half of the golden top where the zombies' feast on the stomach of Carmilla & Jenna, this area is probably the best part of all A bad film but it stays for several minutes and in any way is not recommended for another 85 turgid. Zombie must be small, in fact they even made a budget because most of them are put on the road in several cars. This is one of the worst films made by fear has been my unfortunate look, all is only available. Acting is predictably bad, & I mean bad. <br /> <br /> Not much more left to say, Vampires Vs. Zombies are one of the worst films made. The (V) near the head on the main page of IMDb for Vampires Vs. Sounds show that it went straight to the video, well that's very good for this bunch of stuck as it deserves to go directly to a nearby fire.
