First off I must emphasize how few that I take when commenting on the movie I saw, takes a very special case for me to take time and write about how I felt about the film. He said, of hundreds of movies I anticipated have seen some of the most brilliant, Shawshank, more brilliant, Black Woman, funniest, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now it's worse: Vampires vs. Zombies. br /> <br /> The first thing to say is that this film is not funny! For those who are looking for a hard-hearted movie that will only be fun or at least very bad to be wonderful, look elsewhere. It is true that this film does not try to be tricky and brilliant, and such a head should know what you are entering. That said, there is no excuse for films leaving any law that regulates the world of film making. This is not an argument between the traditional and traditional way of making a film, and this is a move between the bad directors and the companies being responsible for making bad movies. <br /> <br /> This movie is facing the most well-known word "I don't know where to start." Really everything about this movie is broken. From acting and editing no reason any movie should fail to provide series series of events such as Vampires vs. Zombies. Some of the following problems are; 1. Damage to the state - It is clear that the director, camera staff and executives were not on the same page. In one particular area the area begins with a relaxing camera down to look at the passenger's car door. You expect the person to come out, but there is, and this is not spread, the second second, at least, the delay between the camera comes with the director says “step” where everything happens on the screen. The missing viewer looking at the door of the car for a long time without a voice, no motion, just a “dead air” that does not explain which radio or TV viewers are afraid. Where were you editing? 2. Working - the error of forgiving many times, you can't expect a film like this to have the Oscar winners after all, but Vampires vs Zombies takes the worst step to the other level. These "executives" were not able to read their script openly because anyone who has the ability to read and speak could pronounce better verses than the stupid. My only comparison to acting would be the opening area from Resident Evil on Playstation. But the act was better. <br /> <br /> 3- Stories - Stand, what? Stories? Again you can't expect that this is a Great Story All told, but it's too much to ask that we have a story of a story? Why vampires? Who are the characters? Who are they? Are there good people? Why all the scholars? But most importantly, what is related to zombies? If you have seen this film then you will understand my meaning, but for those who are not I will be clear, no zombies in this movie away from maybe five minutes. It was almost like the director forgot the name of the movie and was forced to throw some zombies without a definitive comment. There is much more, but I hope I've done enough to ensure anyone who doesn't see this film.
