The above appeared the most appropriate headline when I and my suicidal children decided to look at this modern modern masterpiece <br /> <br /> Feelings, Scary, Caused, Well thought, these are all things this film fails to be it is very strange, slower effects of slow and dubbing bad additions to this make one of the great comedies I have seen in recent years. And yet this film does not even have to be funny and that's one of the greatest achievements of the film, it becomes comedy without even trying exciting. <br /> <br /> In the film of the old guy who looks amazing as Santa Claus circles the sink on zombies and blows down the vampires. This has led me to fail to believe the title of the film, as this was Vampires vs Zombies why vampires and zombies did not fight? Oh well nothing, instead of there were more errors than this lease than the title. Like this; there has been a virus going through the United States to build a zombie as human beings who move around to do as much as your average tourist. And yet there are only four zombies in the entire film. Another problem is more than one shop everywhere is away. Surely you would like to see zombies circulating on the trees or back a little. In fact I believe they stood close to the frequency of forests since they had no high budget available for the film in the broader area, that or the director did not want to waste his valuable time to simulate different film sites of wood was busy working in the trailer away from being concerned with non-trivial things. In fact the director was very happy to do so that he did not have enough time to hire a large cast or even a editor. And so he told eight members made to dress like different people and try to try, while I think he changed his name and began to vote on the film "editing is not hard work yet?" The only reason for this "movie" was found in our pocket was because somehow we got frustrated with Freddy vs Jason, how wonderful these things happen. And the only way we did it at night was when the gas masks were over and closed to our skull to avoid the evil of this desperate mess. Oh yes we laughed at the end, but I'm sure someone does so much when he lost his cleanliness .................................. ................
