Although it is not a very big movie (especially in the case of direct TV transmission), it will be very difficult to describe the same feature in "Bloodsuckers" which is essentially natural or enjoyable. Vampires in space are not a new form, and even after many movies associated with these creatures in this particular situation, there is still no one who seems to realize that the mysterious cluster of stupid which can not cause the movie's scent of scent. "Bloodsuckers" even goes one step further and with the help of each image that can think of the violence and intergalactic war. Delegates and characters are beaten directly from the "Ghosts of Mars" and "Carrier's" guests of John Carpenter and James Cameron's "Aliens", as members of the modern vampire hunters fight with space and often hold off The mutated ones that are known to themselves after very bad icons, like Voorhees and Leatherfaces. Good men are a group of bad habits, they continue to deal with clichéd issues and are always competing on less important things. Captain Damian is an unknown rookie, who will be able to prove his leadership capability now after being more or less responsible for the death of Captain Churchill who loved (and more loved). Other angry characters include cowboy and trigger happy eyes, a hard female woman with more balls than all men on the board (she is of Asian origin, as a girl "Guests" was Latino) and more than a military secret weapon : The girl's crocodile! Quintana is a beautiful vampire and deadly who chose the human side. He can see the enemies when they are still light-years away and can also do bad things sexy and dream of a little person. Finally all learn to work as a team when they have to deal with the last vampire-meanie: Michael Ironside (in another role of decline). "Bloodsuckers" is a non-cycling film, but it will be able to enjoy it as long as it kills gory killings, small children talks and the effects of making OTT preparations. It only gets unpleasant when the oppressed soldiers blame the captain at the time of the umpteenth and bla bla. This film is a non-consistent clichés with a non-renewable view, but at least it looks.
