Man has been far beyond the world and is now going to a new world. But for the new world comes the old evil ... vampires of space. And not just a few tribes but all. In this film (which I have seen as "Bloodsuckers" but I also think it goes like "Vampires Wars") we see what happens when the Israeli countries are facing imperial vampires. I will make these reviews very brief because it is not good for good reviews. The best I can say for this film has a good list of b and future stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana, and was very interesting here than "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco, and is always a fan of the fan (as I say, he is Jack Nicholson poor). And even we get Carrie-Ann Fleming as "Damian's wife", who is charged fans now know if Jenifer emerged from "Jenifer" of Dario Argento. So this film, as bad as it is, is not another name that is connected ... but that could say about Uwe Boll's work. <br /> <br /> The concept of military tracking and killing barriers in space is not a bad idea, but it comes easily in the area of ​​"cheese" and this film is hard. Acting, especially from vampires, is over and I have never found the details of his very influential presence. In addition, the vampire tribes have the names of "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand this was thought to be a clever example for the fans of fear, but he was not very clever. It was a dumb voice and out of place (unlike most of the tricks in the "Slither" of James Gunn, as well as to mention the stores after the directors identify below). That's all I want to say. If you can stand a lot of cheese (this day I could not and I am from Wisconsin) and want to see moderate actors with a beautiful dress to fight the violence in space (although “space” looks very much like another forest in the world) see this one, if you can find it. I am not personally proposing this when you see other vampires films (Jon Carpenter's "Vampires") or other cheesy movies. Or maybe even some good. But, hey, do your thing.
