I go to the movies every week or so, and watch this site regularly, but I've never felt compelled to comment on the film. <br /> <br /> To list all of my awesome films - Last End Stand, Spawn, Bones Collection - Now I can add a shadow that was 'Sneaky'. <br /> <br /> From the titles with awesome opening - run long through cast and workers put together with alphabet spaghetti - through verbal finale - a world record of conversation with some amazing discussion and acting for that they have been a movie - this film is bad, and just interesting computer graphics prevent them from walking long before the end. This is not just my opinion - it was my friends, and everyone around us. While a large part of the audience laughs and screams when and after a great exciting, it shows clearly that the film does not expect. Not only, it was also sick. The director took more than the limits of the real price for a violent film, and in the top places of the film on the B-movie hit. It is hard to imagine a director as a certain old man, because an invisible person comes out of the laboratory and into the outside world only adds two attempts to have a certain breast feeling. Perhaps sex may be the first thing in the mind of the bloke if it is made invisible, but apart from the pleasant pleasure of the women involved, it is not appropriate to have entertainment movies. [The destroyers follow] <br /> <br>> Get past films out of patients, and things are worse. While Kevin Bacon does a good job of acting increasingly as a 'hollow man', the rest - maybe disabled for a bad script - do better works of being cast holes. One long-time member of the team is found decorated in the closet with an invisible person, "Finally he hit" his colleague shrugs without feeling a feeling. This is a par for a course, and a laboratory rotates between terrorism and refusal to the speed that you wonder how they did in action. They go through the laboratory, the guns are full, but then a moment later one of the crew jumps down joyfully down the corridor to get blood for a hurt companion. The leading woman treats the invisible person with respect and good humor even after insulting and treating her, and seems to have little response to her rest, even after the head of the Pentagon, "drowned in her pond last night" one woman, surprisingly. fail to put both and two together. <br /> <br /> Script is full of this type of foot-chat, and others are only AZ photos of films, which are put down and as soon as the film continues to reach the point of unbelief and ultimate amusement. When the 'eureka' on the computer, the woman bothers the window, a video of the stolen video - the list is really endless - the power of numbers, the decision to kill two big but just put them in place the probable death that is approaching and leaving them on their own devices, a fine young man who has died without any saving of a woman, bomb and ubure countiff Tdown timer, a blast of fire that just burns before reaching the heroes, lifting a fall that just stops before they win, and nothing else, immortality of the bad man. The invisible person is burnt by the fire of the flames, printed, around the head and bar which was locked directly through one of the small characters, and then if it appears to survive the explosion, fireball and total destruction of The laboratory, has more than enough life left by the fire to the last one pop in the film heroes - to what extent unbelieving listeners beat and watch their clock. <br /> <br /> Being a very bad movie made the movie very interesting. Even the name of the film is like a disappointment like the movie itself, and even the extraordinary special effects comes almost anywhere to save this, which should be avoided at all costs.
