I saw this a few nights back, not expecting too much and certainly didn't have anything exciting. The initiative initiated by the vampire hunter (V-San, for the purity of the vampire purity), circulating in their place of constant chaos to kill space vamps and rescue people, is a good voice and that the film has been taken well can be something quite an ace . Unfortunately after a good opening opening feeling of real quality begins to run away from the film, leaving something behind it, though it will appear easily, it is quite bad. I don't expect anything from these films that are increasingly at the Sci Fi Center and at least this was not one of their ecological features as well as the walking of cgi animals, but it was still bad, especially for writing and acting, but for a good contribution for the gross evil done by the horrible music. When the film was selected only for the usual science fiction that described the sound of the sound of the voice sounded well, but often a very bad rock was broken and slipped into the silliness. I would be tolerating the most common practice and writing more not for the choice of music, which was very bad, and turning things from cheesy to a good amount. The work, Dominic Zamprogna was the same but bland as a hero of the name, while Leanne Adachi was very happy as the hard-hit girl of the vamp busting team and Aaron Pearl played another member who was not well written or attractive enough to make sense. Although she did not seem to be good in acting lark Natassia Malte made it better to have a slight attitude of offensive than others, and the fact that she is very good looking. The only great name in cast is Michael Ironside and he is used even though he does well, very amusing in the way one suspect liked. She seems to be happy and pay her pay and her role is entertainment. The effects are the same as in general, they are at least the average levels of science fiction television, and there are also a few cases of splatter of blood and a bit of fun as well. Things are moving well, and I almost don't feel angry with this bad film, but I remember bursting for a short time and realizing that unless the film is deliberate comedy, which I don't think is, then it just doesn't 'succeed. Very much is lame, daft, it does not know, it is a good effort to think but it did not interest me. Just offer to go as a real dig Sci Fi trash or unexpected bottle I would say.
