Women's blood have the ability to be a decent film, the concept of military tracking down and anti-vampires in space is one with a certain ability in the area of ​​cheesier. Even the idea of ​​the world to be full of different vampire veterans, all of which have different characteristics, many of which the characters have not known, are also kind of cool. For how much life in the galaxy abroad is a vampire, I do not know how the creators are meant to work, given the conditions of vampires. What? Hell is who should eat if almost everyone is a vampire I do not know. As a film comes to a combination of budget under the Firefly / Serenity movies and Vampires and the dash of Guests. <br /> <br /> The film's stages are very good and derived (especially Serenity) but they can be approved - they are certainly hanging and there is enough enough to flick the vampire, including some comical blood- spurting type. There are many aspects of behavior, which are most frightening, generated by conflicts between characters who appear as white, newborn animals - especially female cowboy and Asian. There are few instances of behavior that are actually a type of work and artists do not play and very badly but it slows down things. A good attempt to give characters out but people don't see a movie called Bloodsuckers for the development and character of the character. Acting is exactly the same. Michael Ironside climbs and enjoys watching as ever and at least several women are hot. SFX space is not so bad why it is clear the work of the low budget. The story is also very good and derived but as I have said the world is designed with limited capacity. Ways of introducing the Bloodsuckers actually do not appear as experiments of the series of television series have started, the world has been brought but not monitored, etc.. This film has highlights and times of cutting - a kind of stuff that actually makes this production of dodgy watchable. - Our fighters are interviewed to speak the attraction of the puppet chestburster creature. Hilarious. - "Sex zone." WTF really. -Mobile "And Michael Ironside as Muco." The most sensitive feature, though the most common and common music is not good to play more than half of the movie. It's painful to listen to and stop only from the average only for the best. <br /> <br /> Basically it's looking for beauty is for something cheesy, even if it's just a "chestburster" scene.
