Although actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as Lilly blind, the script of the film is obsessively engaging and quite arbitrary. The famous director of the theater (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), blind after a car accident, runs himself with his destiny. Lilly, being awake since his birth, is a teacher for the blind, and wants to make him "see" again. (Blind people detected by fingers, nose and ears.) Here this movie is being a roadmovie; and for a long time the road becomes, almost their relationship goes, which was predictable since the beginning of the film. The director of the theater is on his mother's road (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives in Russia on the sea and makes artistic art - of course, what she should do! - and still lives, because he is waiting for his son, to die. My God! This is expected! <br /> <br /> Finally the child arrived! Mom is celebrating a great party! On the beach. Wind blows and piano are playing on the real piano in the middle of the dune. Yes, they observe its deficit. The Son comes just in time. The mother can finally swallow the medications supported by a good nurse. Now a great artist can die in the hands of his great artist, speaking sadly about living in a perfect German, when the child responds with a sharp push. Because the child can not see, he can not love the nurse, - the script of the film would also be too hard! - but wants Lilly to return home. Along with this roadway, Lilly's sister, sitting at home is asking a school pupil who drove out of school, who begins to call herself courageously. The event is good. Because Mama (Tina Engel) is traveling with Lilly's partner, Paul (Harald Schrott). They are after Lilly, bring him back. Paul and Lilly's mother do not love for love, because the script of the film would be very difficult. The film script was missing by Paul doing something unique. I would recommend an architect or Pianist, or a popular course! When they finally get Lilly, they want to persuade him, to return to Paul, because he has two eyes to see and he can take care of him. But Lilly felt love for her student, theater director; Do I say, that he was even the famous director of the theater? <br /> <br /> This is a German film art! As you can see in this arrogant production, that the German films fund is not always producing a good film, because they support this kind of pseudo loyalty film. This film is a real shame. I have an impression, that the script of the film has been taken together from the major parts in coffee shops and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute to the idea. Perhaps Til Schweiger has contributed to a particular light of mind, being a producer of cooperation. I was reminded of this film script on another German film of great pain: "Barfuss" - already a spelling of the title is not correct! "Barfuss" cover DVD writes proudly: "Til Schweiger Film". This film also provided filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. Please don't waste your time with this film! There is a very good film in Germany. Beware of film directors like Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
