I got this Cuban film in the arthouse film club. It was shown shortly after the western cartoon of 1935 Silly Symphony where Isle of Symphony resembles Isle of Jazz. With Ruben Gonzalez who died recently shouted through speakers in this old movie cinema and the Cuban flag brawled by testing the motifs of the studios, the area has been set up for a popular films of films and collaborating with Helms. Burton. But the film started. And the painting film became more interesting than a headache on the screen. <br /> <br /> The Story of Nada Mas is very good. Carla is an envelope-stamper bored in Cuba's post office. His only escape from the presence of absolute humility is to erase the letter and rewrite it, turning the basic grunts into Brontëan's bursting sense of breath. Cue most of the Cuban photogenic shots come from joy, sadness, compassion, fear and so on. The problem is that the ease of the story is destroyed by the endless trips in the art of art, cartoonature of latino, brother of Marx brothers and even - during a special editing editorial arrangement - cellular cellularization of schoolkid deletion on the face of the character . <br /> <br /> Anime unidimensional quantity. Cunda, boss at the post office, is humorless dominatrix-nosferatu. His gunman, Concha, explains his fingers, fingers and toes and screeches. Cesar, dolt metalhead and romantic interest, reveals the talent of secret writing when Carla leaves Miami. Part of the track (in oh-so-hilarious fast-forward) is thrown to a good measure. All this will be good in the design of the Mortadello and Filemon unit, but flick black-and-white zero-FX with advanced tips, ahem. Nada Mas is struggling to fight somewhere between 'quirky-heroine-matchmakes-aliens' of Amelie and the theme of 'poet-like-savior' of Il Postino. Like Amelie, the protagonist is a white-colored woman who struggled with spinsterdom trying to insert magic into the lives of strangers. And like Il Postino, the film is not recommended from the poems used of poetry and the servant on the bike takes a romantic shot. Unfortunately, Nada Mas fails to capture the beauty and shortage of any film. There are two things that can be worthy to watch this night's movie night. The first is the opening of Carla's opening on the closing floor, which is reduced to the puzzle that works. The second thing is to see Nada Mas as an example of caution: our post of Vista Vista Club Club and the output of Cuban art can often reduce us in accepting any money that has an overdose on sound. This film should not be eligible for films - films such as the waiting list and Guantanamera covers the same distinctive theme.
