Town Ghost begins as Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives the desert road alone, his car slows down & he hears the riding groups approaching ... Deputy Sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) of Riverton County is called to explore Kate's disappearance after the father reports that it's not there. She sees him breaking the car and drives off to look for him, unfortunately his car is also decreasing and he walks. Langley has reached the village of the village that has traveled, with shock Langley recently discovered that it is a real village town as residents of the old populations and is being driven by the evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs) who has arrested Kate for the reasons they have not explained and are up to Langley to cleanse him and finish the curse cities ... One of the direct efforts of Richard the director of this unusual film did not do much for me and I did not like much. The Duke Sandefur script tries to combine the panic and western forms that do not make any big impact. What? Have you ever wondered why there is no more fear of the diversified film out there? Well, not me but if I had to ask myself that question I would get all the answers in Town Town because it is not very good. These two types are not well mixed. There is a lot of clichés, on the west side of there are innocent people of cities who are afraid to stand up with a bunch of whites who are destroying them, out of the main street bullets, saloon bars and swing doors and high prostitutes & horror wisdom there are plenty of cobwebs, other ghosts, the old curses, chat talks and several violence kill. I was feeling very sad about it, I think there is nothing wrong with anything but just common and these two types don't sit together well. There are a few holes in the plot too, why did Devlin capture Kate? I know she resembled her old girlfriend but how did she know what she would do with her? We do not know why this city of souls is full of ghosts or, what does it mean to put them there and what caused them to return like ghosts? Then there is a little bit where Devlin after being shot says he can not only be killed by Langley to kill a few seconds later, what does not have to shoot the first job? The Governor of the Governance is doing well, there is a good film of fear and a good handful of fabric and a typical western location of Hollywood is stopped here with highway and tall buildings. I can't say it is horrible because it is not, there is no great tension and the film pulls in places despite being just an ordinary 80 minutes long. Forget about any year, there are few gun wounds, after being shot by two people and their throats declined and someone has been nailed to a metal pole and that's it. <br /> <br /> I would like to consider the budget was very good here, it's because of doing well & it has the ability like nothing else. Loans where credit due to the clothing of time and sets are really good. Acting is the same but none of them will win any prize. The City of Ghost is a fantastic film, I don't know who it means to appeal and certainly did not deny me. Anyone who is looking for the west will be disappointed with aspects of fear when anyone who is looking for a horrible film will be bored with western things. It is a different thing but that does not mean that it is something that is supposed to look at if you are very passionate but do not break it so you can see it.
