I had a recent experience of the audience with The Perfect Witness (2007) because the NetFlix computer proposed engine recommended to watch this film. It seems, at some point, I told how I loved Michael Haneke, Benny's Video. I do not know about you, but this is similar to what has been drawn in my maelstrom of feeling and excitement on Thomas C. Dunn's film and made the allocation of my time towards it difficult to refuse. Only this kind of recommendations from the computer's NetFlix computer, for me, had a bar of display values ​​/ values ​​set at the highest level which, during reflection, represented something that has not been achieved in every film produced in 2007. <br> /> <br /> After answering my answers to the film in such a way, I will continue to hit this image down as you are beaten and banned; and I hate to do this because I think our boy, Wes Bentley, happens not just one of the most attractive faces in modern movies, but also one of his most neglected and beaten talent in the United States. I am much more concerned that the poor boy will lose his popularity if he keeps around with the first directors of this film. The full witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who, about thirty, still lives with Mama ("You're not drinks" again? "), but she is a" film manufacturer "or at least some kind of voyeur road and pension for shooting will be Johns at the back of Philadelphia and his DVX 100B. There, he is doing his investigation of privacy, Micky "carefully" the brutal killing of brutal murder on The early disaster-twenty-ish coed by his hand held a camcorder. for his furious films, Micky's defendant, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also taking a written credit) or "Mac's knife"? anything - and telling the murderer to make a text on his drive to kill, with This picture on m attack and police threats. The problem with this movie is not that there are no interesting ideas to attract because they do. When all the text and instructions are an amateur, it alone does not make a bad film. It is that these boys are making the worst thought that what they present is surprising in the context of a culture where almost anyone in the free world and access to personal computers can access the web and find evidence of the action on their Mac or PC. No film depends on the value of the shock alone (except of course, surprisingly, it is a film about animal suffering) and therefore images of violent movies (real or fake) have a little cultural and little capital and every year that passes. Also, we have had this wonderful talent of lead in the leadership of every beaten man, a real hip: two beard's beard and a skull and a small bill on it, back, such as dork from high school who longed after service good of my basic interests of love? The same guy who now calls himself "poet." <br /> <br /> Give me. "I am an artist," "I am a film manufacturer." Okay. Please do, continue with that shtick, Cronnie. It seems to have bought many stocks of cost of 35mm. And continue, you can wear all the "creative" commands but don't expect us to respond to you, follow your behavior below the average through your two-hour movie while you take the work of Wes Bentley. Why can't we just allow history to talk to the features of what you are doing, the boy of the film. I think my history is finally going to say something about it? Like, maybe that's not as good as you think it is. Well, you'll be blameing on your partner partner, ending up as our Micky man here in The Perfect Witness; is used on a smack and covered in your friend's blood and video camera in your hand. Great.
