Another day standing in the house, another film to watch. After completing my shopping Christmas last night and winter, I had anywhere to escape "The Country When In Time". Or suppose, I had something to look at. Doug McClure, the bastion of leading administrators, leads a few of the Allied marines led by U-Boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. Taking U-Boat (in an area that loses sense and reason), eventually they find themselves on an amazing island, which he did not seem to have human hands. Together, they explore the land and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals! What? Can they escape before becoming a permanent resident of the country where Saa forgot? <br /> <br /> Despite being made a few years before "Star Wars", these films are lighter-off depending on special effects. Example shots are better than anything you would expect to see in the "Stingray" section of Gerry Anderson and the creatures were not much better. When T-Rex (I think that's the case) was killed, it fell in the same way as the zombies do when you kill them - frozen in the middle of a walk and fall, hands and feet held as a sleeping cow moved. In fact, the sets are not very bad but the voices of an endless explosion (which look similar) are trying to destroy trust and enjoy your overall picture. The characters are not trusted or deserving of your mercy if they shoot their guns because they seem to be anything going on. At the end, I was not worried if they came out of the island or not and when it came, I was locked up more than accepted. <br /> <br /> Clothing dress is enough until the posters arrive and are bike-leather bikinis with fabric fabric round. And though it was obvious from their actions, you do not know that some of the characters were German from their accents. Nothing was missing the police and cooperation, leaving the viewer confused in places and had no others in others. In general, this film is not recommended to recite the excitement of these days although you can find a small amusement in trying to make a place where Colin Farrell is. I saw his name in the credit and the half expected child to be seen by the Irish impressions and the hair of the suspect's face. Oh well. There is nothing bigger here to see, but it's just like if you eat lunch and the weather prevents more activities.
