I have finished watching this film. I was very happy since I am a big fan of Punk Rock, Free Films and Spoofs. I was so surprised by what I saw. I knew it was a small budget, but I didn't expect to be inserted by a video camera. It opens with a good song with a great, powerful band, The Horrorpops, to fix their song, where they walk, and be killed instantly in a variety of horrible ways. It's a great opening. But the problem is the fact that, to the end, this was really all that the movie was. The function of survival, death. Another function of living, death. It gets old. And there is great use of the abdomen in death events. Why does the murderer use other parts of the body, like legs, or eyeballs, or mind? Do not do wrong, this film has amazing parts. As a hard band of French, known only as BERET, the prospects of a band called Atticus, a region that has a functionality with members of the Plan used and easy to play together, as the band did not have enough members to play their show, and bowling For guitar player a very self-degrading-and-arrogant-murdered way of the hilarious, that I will save them to the producers of this film. But the biggest problem I have with this film is the first interesting, but over time, lack of talent to act for many of the "actors". The creator is mainly manufacturer of Tour, Kevin Lyman. He is trying very hard, but I testify that he did not want to make a film, but had a necessity or something. Apart from this, sound quality is awesome and no subtitles on DVD. The Solution Plan is very hazy and very randomly. something about the sword of magic and Lloyd Kaufman as the devil. Below, this film has many good features, but it's not enough to be anywhere near Horror, Music, or the Comedy film. Although I must give credit to me on a few bands that I have not listened to, otherwise. Such as the Tsunami Bomb, and Phenomonauts (fake, Psychobilly band). I recommend hiring this film, see the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like, check out 20 or 30 next, if you still like, then watch. If not, we go to specific features and watch all music videos and live performances. They! Long Punk Rock and Fear!
