Contrary to my rules, I would first come to the conclusion, because I have seen this piece of "art", and it is still under intense emotions. The reader is asked to forgive my powerful vocabulary. Well, this film is awesome, and I can't bother to write one word about it, if it's not true that "44 minutes" has made me sick to death, which never happens. The fact I paid for this is not worth feeling better, despite the fact that the movie deserves the maximum user level here. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with the movie? It has the title of the style - "44 minutes". The first person thinks of "15 minutes", which is through the best film, but it's still bad in my book, and in fact these two can be compared to a certain degree. But, if luck had it, the things they share are their worst characteristics. Both of them tend to Mr. Oleg Taktarov, who by his powerful impressive Russian seems to be exposed to popular prospects and hatred. His purpose is to reject the ideas of winter war. Ah, we miss the good old times. Now, I don't mean that he's a bad actor, I'm still judging his true performance, but he's not a real person here, he's like an archetype. How anyone can get into such things is more than my knowledge. We can recognize modern US abuse here. Step in the film while Taktarov explains to his friend that the Romania is not Germans, and that they are in America are really laughable. What? We acknowledge that the greatest desire of duo bad is to be "true" Americans? <br /> <br /> Then, there is a media issue. Yes, it seems that most of what we learn comes from the camera, interviews and journalists. The director should make us feel for a minute of 44 minutes. Instead he gives us an interview in all movies as on the TV show below, trying to restore the wheel. In 15 minutes the issue of the media is the main one. Directed in a way that the teacher is talking to an emerging student, but which should be different views, we take a look at 44 minutes now. So, I have tried to identify the purpose of this movie. What is it? To give a good time to the audience? Raising weapons? Promoting police? Portray violence? Yes, the officer gives the Bible to the lower destruction. So we must promote peace and understanding after all? I don't think so, but don't ask. I just know that I don't enjoy any of this. Ah, Michael Madsen. I agree, I am a big fan. I hoped he would be fierce, but I was wrong. It's not his fault though. <br /> <br /> As the last description, the comparison "fire" and "power" at the end of the film was one of the worst lines I ever heard. <br /> <br /> In summary, on the top level, I offer a clean, unpaid 1.
