Wonderful long, maudlin and predictable, my twenty-five film of Sidney Lumet, Garbo Talk, receives compensation for the end of the lowest quality of my effort. The documentary of a young boy working on his name Gilbert (Ron Silver), the son of Estelle Rolle (Anne Bancroft), a leader, confident and above all, a big fan of Greta Garbo. When Estelle is affected by a brain tumor, her child decides to go to the attempt to lose her own: track down Greta Garbo, and bring her to her mother. Anne Bancroft is perfect, a look-state of Auntie-Mame mode here, that kind of feisty gal that the film likes, where she mouths to people, and stand for her values, and end up jail time all. He stands out of the film as an artificial fake construction, and every area where is yuk-yuk blind; every awesome note lies. Some of the characters are similar to one-dimensional, but significantly less-interesting. Ron Silver is as flat as possible, and his love of triangular love is like telegraphed as anything else in the film: He is a close partner of Lisa Rolfe (Carrie Fisher), but is beaten by a wonderful business oddball Jane Mortimer (Catherine Hicks), and I called each of the three events before it happened. That is another problem. One-dimensional characters can live if they are a post in an exciting and stimulating story, but nothing here. The motion of the film is glacial, respected by external materials that do not improve anything, and when the film begins to implement the line, it is plodding and not attractive. There are a lot of visitors of the aliens, to say, including Harvey Fierstein as a New Yorker gay (consider being) in another unimportant area. <br /> <br /> Late in the film, tries to make half-good information about the nature of idolatry and its role in our lives, but at that time, no characters existed as real people, and the film was exhausted in the presentation, so it works as a very distant case, far too late-late. The film is my twenty-five film directed by Lumet, making my director the most watchful, but out of a few of you (A Stranger Among Us, anyone?), Has not found the interesting depth of Garbo talks / <br> /> {Grade: 4.5 / 10 (C / C-) / # 21 (of 24) of 1984 / # 23 of 25 Lumet films
