The movie opens with a beautiful woman in a white coat made by the Eastern European capital. we know he is followed by something, because he keeps looking behind him. and soon we see him being chased by a strange man in a black trenchcoat. then we realize that the man is a vampire farmer and he is after him. but the look is that his reflection in the shop window? none of it just a vampire of twin the same! but unfortunately they all find it. After a brilliant and surprising ban on the old 60 and 70-year old films (in those features the twins are listed as evil twins, which in fact are the last phase of the karnstein trilogy of the hammer), good plot dies. What a little plot there involves dracula (who easily exchanges his appearance every time he is born again, t should restore the same dracula) to come to morgue, students realize he is undead and think .... wow it what opportunities, maybe I will reject all the movies that say that drinking the vampire blood takes you to the vampire and use the vampire blood to get a cure for our friend's illness. certainly this is an error and everyone becomes a vampire. <br /> <br /> The new concept but pulled off very badly. The film continues to set a good condition and refuse to do anything with them. For example students attempt to try to bring a drac again to life by placing it in a bloody bath in a low-run home. The house itself scares to the middle of the film, but what? We live there? not because they decide to take a vampire on a swimming pool. rest. This movie has a real problem with the "cult" as I said before the opening area is directly out of the hammer, and this area of ​​the house would be perfect for the movie as a hammer, but the movie takes the gear speed and changes to the fear of treatment. Another problem is that they create many characters that are difficult to hear for any of them. There are med and students of their wheelchair who are the "professor" of professors who are all students: pride, boring, money hungry, and stupid. how they excited the school to surprise me, unless the school of med had to meet its closed muscular hunk / big chest. and then there is a vampire hunter who still feels through the movie. hey could respect it but it would be nice if they didn't put it as the film would have been on it. then you have random priests, cops, and science. Many people are brought and then quickly forgotten about they need that person to save the day or jump out for the horrible price that becomes a stimulating. <br /> <br /> This is basically a movie lazy. no real sense, just a few of the predictable descent. Setting for these is very clear is hilarious. for the pure bathtub of blood. it is obvious that the drac will go out of the bloodless blood. and we still have to wait too long to reach the jump to avoid fear. after that he kills one of the dumber and many students with milk. we all know that he will be one of them. but what do others do? buried him in a deep grave near the house. rest, so you know who will come when you fighters will be shown at home .......... <br /> <br /> Oh well. Maybe someone will get the impression that it is impossible to make a movie of the scary scary and just go to the sky, and then we get to the whole film which is as good as the opening area. <br /> <br />
