This series, a short-lived (two-year period) is on a pilot and unique as a truck driver goes to the line bar. I don't know what they mean by "breaking the ground" and "original" when they lose Lynch and its small TV privacy. What exactly are their natural features? Indeed, compared to "Bill Cosby Show" or "Hill Street Blues" is original. Certainly. The following "Law and Command" TP allows the left and right nature. The TP fans often say that the show was opened because many viewers were not enough, open enough for "show", his wild skills, or anything. I have to correct the evil. There is nothing more than a wall about TP: it is a person who can only look, unkind, who circles around circles, webs around every corner but (or because of it) eventually goes anywhere. in a strange way as they do through IDIOTIC half-time. There is a difference ... Whenever I look at a "fantastic dream" sequence in "Live From" which sneezes criticizes the director (Buscemi) for the failure of an old-to-use letter. a -midget-in-a-dream-scene cliche, I think of Lynch. You want weird? "Eraserhead" is amazing - in fact, it's more wonderful, it's basically abstract. You need a unique TV show? You want to be thrown in a wonderful? Felini and Leone films offer it. TP looks like a television drama game made by people all young people seem like fashion models. Release provides TP looking plastic. Kens & Barbies en masse. In fact, one of TP producers said Lynch was looking for "exclusive faces" for a series. Unique faces? Like Lara Flynn Boyle? Sheryll Fenn's? As the "face" that emerges effectively occurs in the list of men (or gay newspapers)? Don't do wrong; there is nothing wrong with getting interesting interesting, especially for beauty like Fenn (the way Madonna would seem like she was 1000 prettier), but not going around saying you are doing "weird show and weird-looking people". And I've never felt the Lynch lie by Kyle MacLachlan (I must get a medal for saying his name right). He cannot be identified, but they have no charisma, looks very little and beaten. Her "nature nature" was not very attractive, it was only one of Lynch's many attempts to force weaknesses, struggling to stay up to her reputation - she had already lost it but at that time. Everything Lynch made after the "Elephant Man" was too small for his first two movies. What was followed was often a great effort that depends on the fan base of Lynch but limited to the public eye by translating the meaning into its fictional stories that had no water to explore closely. In other words, Lynch is a partner of the wannabe mind. So Laura Palmer was killed by her father ...? He was taken into account by Satan or other trivial matters. That is the best "good ideas" can come with ... You have awesome B movie films that end up with the most natural. <br /> <br /> Lynch is not bright nor can it work enough to come up with bad stories. <br /> <br /> Go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~Fedor8, and check out my "TV and Cinema: list 150 worst list of Nepotism".
