This film can be written as a learning case. It is not the fact that it refers to unhealthy and non-artistic desires for anything that can be called a caco picture. The author lives with the impression that his purity of cleansing from social and minority disease ("Moldavia is Europe's more"), "I do not believe one germ in bird flu", "Romanian people steal because they are poor, \ t Europeans steal because they are thieves ") are almost more or less perceptions of values ​​and skills - but he is off-target! What Daneliuc does not know is that it is not enough to be a just person - you also need professionalism, talent and intelligence to open this situation in artistic products. Unfortunately, the "Foreign Army" depicts many acumen as a family video and Uncle Gog to drink by drinking in front of guests. The script is chaotic and incoherent, randomly bustling with semi-semi-sundry, in a non-reading attempt to read some kind of story. The direction is pathetically dilettante - the so-called "director" can not create at least a sharp fight, its shots are terrible, and any sense of writing a story shines with the total absence. (Of course, any comment is obliged to leave this level, it would be uncomfortable to mention the concept as "cinema language", "way of expression" or "fashion"). Acting is good "Cântarea României" (level of "Romania's Chant"), except ... cause, protector of football goal Necula Raducanu, who is very original, and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have true purity, but has been affected by the instructions made by Daneliuc. The biggest part of this error with good movies is the fact that the production earned a lot of money from the national budget, through CNC (National Accounts Council). The fact that the long-term dinosaurs as Daneliuc is still thirsty for the state of the state is understandable (in the market-based economy, will be removed from time to time through natural selection). But the corruption of so-called "jury" which loses the money of the country for non-arts, non-cinematic and non-cultural means is a criminal domain.
