I will give this movie two stars because it looks and photography beautiful. Otherwise, it looks exactly with clichés and discrimination: the people of the mountain are dumb white garbage of a kind of religious or racis type of racist, or white white Indians. Indians are magical people who move around without sound, they can disappear with the eyes, talk to animals, and read the mind over the great distance. And so forth and so forth. In this movie I had wondered what the film's point was (except to make me beautiful pictures of mountains, log cabins, timber, delivery of animals, free- people of the mountain mountain people and non-church people in the church ) The program touched all issues but did not even look at the details. This was not a story about growing up during depression, nor about being orphans, nor about the identity of the identity. It tried to be all things and more, which made it up and wrong. Even though the film was supposed to be about Little Education, we don't learn anything about it. He was briefly summarized the history of his people (who were brave and stoic) and the exhibition exhibition; tried his hand at cutting wood (where he failed) and whiskey running (literally); learn how to read (and maybe write) with the help of grandmother and his dictionary - and that was. It seems he did not learn much during his stint at the boarding school because he was bound in the apartment. However, grandparents and Graham Greene's behavior ensured that ultimately Kidogo Little was a very big spiritual person whose main goal as an adult - after, and explaining here, "climbing with Navajos" and "arrested in several battles" - was "capture" by grandmother and grandfather and the character of Graham Greene in heaven (rather, say, female girls, married, have children or otherwise inappropriate). Last but not necessarily I have to say I got a business of grandmother. Why for all things was supposed to be whiskey yet? To deal with the exception of "Indian alcoholism"?
