Instead of migrating through the line from beginning to end, the story of a couple of gay couples affected by AIDS "barriers" at a time around "their full day". The film has been designed as a life remembered in asynchronous pieces instead of a series of flows as one of the direct experiences. <br /> <br /> Quotation has time to hear, especially in describing the loss of expectation or experience. Unfortunately negotiations do not get that grace. Script frequently encourages executives to say things that are not stupid or inappropriate that seem to have no behavior at the moment. On their second encounter, openly beaten to each other, Phillip senses urges a hesitant guy to tell him about his difficult week. But when Guy begins to open, Phillip, English Messenger, comes out "You're not a Crisis Fairy, you?" Later, looking at the nakedness of her lover, being beaten alongside his bedroom, our little Shakespeare begins to give the beauty of time with the words, “How you go through space… I can't even describe it” - but they do not have vocabulary skills to complete his thoughts. This type of drivel continues through the events of the Aids Clinic, written in the lines like, "What made me think death would be good and closed with pimples?" and "You make Florence Nightingale look like Nurse Ratchet." <br /> <br /> Movies are often faced with a lack of fraud. Impossible characters are more than a newsletter and more pills than they need. Friends Phillip's annoying altogether - a trustworthy group of trust and right, dweeb needed - to maintain the caustic caatic that runs each other across their path. The patter can give the author the richness of social opportunities of discretion, but, sadly, their words are only evil, hit by wit or insight. It is difficult to know if our author deliberately made intellectual intellectuals or if he was only running the circuit of his tether. It can be what is more appealing and turning to those who are celebrating this film. It briefly explores the homosexual life of the United States between the 1980s: the first encounter, the ban, mediation, integration, difficulty of open relationships, friction and fraud, cancellation, physical abuse, connectivity, forgiveness, final disease, death and life. It leads Phelan and Spirtas to give rights to good displays to provide complex characters for a while. Their good appearance helps to explain all the chemistry involved in a non-sense and self-centered manner and a chemistry that has helped some viewers look at the weaknesses of this film. The decision to cut the arc of the conspiracy into the speech and presentation in the outline of the outline increases the complexity without any obvious use, and in most cases it has left the sequence and the result of a particular event is understood. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend a film? For sticky for quality and technical quality, absolutely not! For a simple audience requiring a great need for catharsis victims of AIDS or in the feelings of a convicted player-pleasure and a little eye-eyed candy, perhaps. But the most effective way of exploring the impact of AIDS in the relationship of the time includes: Philadelphia, And the band played, Long-term Traders, Angels in the United States, Original Frost, Voting Advice, Love! Valor! Mercy! and even Jeffrey.
