The Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, various years are given for this name) is a young Hong Kong, Ki Hung (Killer snake, Boxer's Omen, Payment in Blood etc.) women imprisoned in prison produced by Shaw Brothers of the story. Yes, they even have their hands in little exploitation such as, and Bamboo is obviously among the worst experiments of all kinds, even compared to Western experiments which usually have colors in comparison to Eastern films! The story is about a Japanese war camp where Chinese women are being violent, tortured and raped by a bad Japanese (what else?) During World War II. Girls also know the secret place where the gold-covered box is hidden and also learn that the Chinese military officer who raised him in Japan (Shaw's old Li Lohh) is actually a secret agent among other Japan and usually helps girls escape Hell. What follows is a full series of free dirt, kung fu feminine, evil suffering, gore, sleaze and very bad anti-Japanese combat that makes this film clean and honest that does not even become more than it is. > <br /> There are hardly any interesting things in the Bamboo House of Dolls. Frequent photography especially at the end is beautiful and sunny and beautiful but it is on the department of reputation. Scenarios are many and always include half-women and spit women. Violence in general is very badly with several shooting wounds, bad cases of torture (for example, one poor girl is being rented on a floor filled with glass cracked etc.) and end with a presumptuous guide behind her. Of course it is stupid to talk about "values" when writing about this type of film, but there are still things that I will not accept from any film. <br /> <br /> The movie also enjoys Turkey stuff for sure! For example, a gold box, full of heavy gold, seems to be a light like weak and worried girls do not seem to have any problems to lift and move, not to say of a throw! Also those "many anti-skin scenarios" makes this smile reduces fans of trash movies. I have seen the farmer's Killer Snake (1973) who is more than ten times known as the piece and even though it has many deadly snakes in fact, it also seems more attractive and shows the worst side of the other side of the big city and society. Also, it is necessary for those who are afraid of snakes. House House of Dolls has suffered for control, too, which is not surprising to consider it. The percentage version, (English non-English language) released in France at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, spends 104 minutes in PAL while whipping, English printed in Holland, Belgium and Greece for only 84 minutes at PAL. From what I heard, the events of cutting are not just violence or other graphic things but also talk to "plot development" and so on. Bamboo House of Dolls is a trash film in its form of trashy and certainly something I didn't want to see from Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian films in the same issue are more interesting and more interesting than this piece of ignorance, calculated and inappropriate for movies. 2/10
