I am not often given to the hyperbole, but after seeing over two decades of the value of the Academy Awards, I can honestly say that this year's award is an embarrassing example of the worst trends, general violence, and ignorance that I have ever been and unfortunately witness. I'm not talking about their awards - as usual, there is a lot to complain about when you join who has won, who lost, and who has never been appointed, but the process is if you have been the same and rightly deserved to be. What is just enough right is the treatment "star" and "non star" received at the hands of Cates and Horvitz, in the name of "weight reduction." It is very bad for several years ago anyone who is not Al Pacino has been "played" for 45 seconds no matter what he said, how he said, and how the feeling was behind that statement. It shows no more than a lack of respect, however, for the elect of the village at a point as cattle would not pay them the honor to show their faces when their names are read, make them turn away when they lose, resist the joy of walking on the podium, and force them to read the information. their backs to the audience. All things were done with "non-starters" - come to mind that the movies are not available without these artists and that many of them have only one chance to deal with their peers and listeners. <br /> <br /> The stars were not much better. It's more sad than funny when the caliber winners of Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood are asking for a few seconds for their conversation. Chris Rock, as hosted, was not as aggressive and controversial as the Academy was hoping, and almost as strange as he could be. His opening words were close (but not quite) as offensive as Sean Penn made them, and his views during the show were more innocent than attractive. Of course, he could not be blamed when it was clear that it was saved as a short leash as any host has. Finally, Chris Rock was something that had never been before: it's not a feature. Even the number of music was misused. Beyonce sang well, but there was no reason why he would have shown in three out of five songs. Another example of the absolute disrespect for the artist was a song selected by Jorge Drexler for Antonio Banderas - although Drexler was present and clearly would not be willing to sing his own song, according to his "speech" to win. <br /> <br /> Cates and Horvitz Efforts to make a small show and faster it can work at a standard, but the result was a show without life. We have explained about the most advanced talks given by people we do not know, on an excessive production, on the quality of boasting. But this is their night - not ours. What it means to be celebrated has been insulting people to celebrate. Documents and Horvitz should, in fact, be ashamed.
