John Hughes wrote a lot of comedies in '80 years.' "European holiday" is not one of them. Monitoring Hughes first hit "Vacation" (1983), is about predictable, unloving and offensive as they come - no matter how much stupid love but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo). I enjoyed the "Holiday" with the third film, "Christmas Holiday," but Griswold's trip to Europe is bland and forced. Perhaps because this was the first attempt of Hughes because he did not have it, but in fact it comprises how it is unplanned and without the story "European Holidays" is. No through the story: Griswolds win the game show for being "small pigs" and go to a European tour through the UK, France, Germany and Italy. Even physical screwball which is the first trademark loses all traces because you see it coming, which is part of Amy Heckerling's offender. "The fastest times in Ridgeont High" director puts everything up too to predict. <br /> <br /> Maybe it was Hughes to take a cheap shot because it was set up to good. "The European holiday" is very proud of disrespecting Americans (remembering a small pig pigs shown), especially tourists, shown by the Greywold family of cornball. It also sets itself back to say "oh we Griswolds, we always go into something because our father is idiot." Then in the close comic style you are approaching taxes for America and how grateful to Griswolds is to return to a better country. If Hughes was going to the satire and intended to do so with a bad movie, maybe I should get this 8/10 star award. It is not just an unfunniness, but "European Holiday" boasts two worst actors playing Rusty children and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are all angry with anxiety, and Audrey blubbering who is not an adult with an older man who is close to the entire film. Hughes even goes away and has his opinion on how to see him as a big gun. Very good. Pointing, the breast is hit in two different cases for good reasons (unless it was to comment on American American free links in their comedies). I will give you one film of his two stars thanks to Eric Idle of Monty Python's staff, who came for several points in the film where he reads straight lines from the "Holy Grail" is about the funniest section. If Hughes wanted us to find only one of the artists who are not American as just a funny part, then another tip of his hat to stuck open under Hollywood comedy in '80s. However, would it have made it a time to do it?
