I am a great fan of Pacino movies. He is one of these actors, if not the best. However, this film could be even better even though it was poor. All had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he went to prison. Instead it looked like this was just one of many stories that could be told about Carlito. All or even some questions about its history which we wondered about nature can be answered. Besides I'm worried, that's the only way you can make this film. Instead we find this prequel which has almost NONE's original characters in it, a character that has different parts from the original (bad arguments), and different love different from Carlito. Do not even get me started with Puffy. There is no way I can take the cat seriously as a gangsta after seeing a drum in all of his artists. When the dude opened my mouth I was waiting for him to start playing. He made me laugh like nothing. Mario Van Peeples surprised his role. I thought he could give enough performance from his recent history. He did very well. Perhaps he was "more faithful" from the whole cast in my opinion. Jay Hernandez did a good job but didn't have the skills right now in his career to take this position. I enjoyed his strength and his efforts though. Hard to follow Pacino. The only way you can even have a clue about the kind of person Carlito was, is a natural look. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a bloody killer in one area then spineless wimp in another. He was one of the worst gangstas of his time but you would just see the lights of that in this movie. Maybe this is a sad way for Hollywood to try and make a second prequel to have money in failure. Can't surprise me. Overall, in my opinion, this film was reduced or could be what it was. The only reason I gave it was 3 is because I was so laughing with Mario Van Peeples he was honored again with me. A good director must take this film and actually put time in the story and turned it into a real prequel. I am so disappointed that this film was not taken seriously. They would be better to make this a mini series on HBO and actually tell stories like nature suggests. At the end of the film, they had the courage to suggest that Carlito would have to return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... that's the part everyone wants to see !!! Then again, this is just my opinion. I can't tell you how to lose your money.
