Already claim its first, that the desire is always fake, it is fraud. When Jehovah's Witnesses refuse to receive his own document on the movie? or anything for it - it's time for anyone to find yourself. Although it is far away, more intelligent than, say, Paris Hilton (I know, not very difficult) the mouth of Zikhali provides just a baloney as well as it, just a different kind. He shares the worst from his entire academic world: psychoanalysis and philosophy. All fights are notorious for providing an easy expert b * lls *** to abolish a lot of leeway to create inappropriate theories, for rant without beginning or end, and integrate the concept almost randomly, in the process of using English language to create a semantic beat just mother he can love. Example: there are three main Marx brothers so the idea of ​​"main" to connect with three levels of humanity, id, ego and super-ego. I am kind of surprised he did not play a piece from "Snowhite" and make a model between seven young people and seven levels of Gahannah (Hell). It is like the Schumacher Cluster of "Number 23": playing with a long number, and you can come up with any kind of cockamamie theory you want, even linking the ancient Greeks with the death of Princess Di. However, there is a feature of entertainment for TPGTC: looking at the perimeter of the circuit rotation as a pig while describing the songs of fraud were considered as mental analysis can be a lot of fun. Why check out the "Nest of Cuckoo" or another game of madhouse when you can have Zriers for more than 2 hours? It's like watching the fall of exciting train. True, he is almost funny on once or twice. <br /> <br /> I have always been verified by people who attempt to try to raise film decisions in the science of the scientific community. Providing idiotic movies as "Birds" is widely thought, so this huge credit, probably has its creator of oil laughing in his grave. The fact of the truth is that a large number of movies have a moral value, and a few who have a certain mind do not need a philosopher-turned-to-draw one map to understand? The one exception is the complete idiot. Zriers sees layers and rows of meaning in many banal movies. Hallucinogenic drugs should be popular and cheap in Slovenia these days ... When Zombi showed a pitch of bathroom in the "shower" area, I thought he would go to say something about the black galactic holes; how they remove life outside the stars as the pit of the bathroom uses the blood of Janet Leigh. Or maybe he could say how the hole represents Leigh's feminine, and the blood flows in it instead of out (as in the menstrual period), this represents a type of "ignorance (Zizekian) irony". Speaking of the matter, the true voice is that if Hitchcock had put a lot of ideas in every area (and script), his movies were not heard, which they did not think often. The analogue action of the pit of the bathroom was to show how easy to mislead about the "secret, white meaning". And when you add Zombi's password to philosophy and psychology, put these terms on these analogies as wedding decorations, you can get a jumble camera that can instantly impress the uneducated - ie convenience and feeling. br> Zriers says many wonderful things (inconvenient) here, one of the most amazing ideas when he cooperates with the cleaning of Anthony Perkins's bathroom with water "and the satisfaction of work, work well". Do not laugh ... Neither Hitchcock nor the author of "Psycho" could even concentrate on this idea that Perkins can enjoy a good job - clean up the toilet - when they were pregnant / leading that area. Talk about putting words in the mouth of someone (dead), but in the context of defining what the director had to “say”. I love the original Zazik ideas on the strict "Solaris" of Tarkovsky, but then to destroy a good sense of rareity to pull in "anti-feminine" and other confusion in his theory. Zizek's view towards logic is that of dog towards her plastic bone. "I just want to play with all day!" Logic has its rules, and should not be raped - at least not publicly - with its love. He seems to focus on logic, evidence, common sense, and reasons like enemies or losing centers; The concept that either avoided, misleading the ultimate goal, or simply being destroyed. Zikhali is a hippie caused by LSD, and all its favorite movies are "2001". The fact that Zizek focuses more on two more active directors - and whose films are often intelligence, if anything - like Hitchcock and Lynch, continues to decline in its low loyalty. I was surprised De Palma had no more reputation; this is another acting director who writes the wrong text. Zikhali has a day of field with an incomprehensible Lynch of "Lost Highway". There are many translations of the film if there are people who watched it. The Zanets view which the viewer agrees with the taste of the Trier, "breaking the ground" put physical in "Dogville" made me a snicker. However, Zikhali is not just doing things when he goes along, he also engages in "clear" of "bleedin". Such as "community scientists" (oxymoron), he puts his "comments" to mention (if it is full of hitting kicks) and sometimes hard language language blankets. After all, the community works in the same way: it makes us believe that we hear something new when it is actually what we already know, but we explained it in a meaningful way - which disturbs the unresponsive listener. <br /> <br /> I was half-anticipated for men in a white suit to appear suddenly without anywhere and bind in a loonie suit ... <br /> <br /> Slavoj Zizek: soon as a stalker in the garden The baby around you. <br /> <br /> http://rateyourmusic.com/list/Fedor8/150_worst_cases_of_nepotism/
