Where can I start. I heard this film was coming out and I was very mad. I am a great fan of the original Carlito Way and when I heard this news, I thought it would be like almost every other sequels that occur in Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. The boy was wrong, this film was worse than I expected. Not saying every sequels are bad, but that's trouble for Hollywood these days, they make so many sequels and remake and rush them. This is not the release of the exhibition, is the release of the DVD. However, in my opinion, there was no reason for this to do. After hearing about this film had continued, I later heard that Pacino was not in it. That once killed any position of this movie was to be good. Why did I watch this movie out then some of you can ask? I had the opportunity to see it so I did. Not just watching movies that I have great expectations, I had a low expectations on this one for the clear. I just liked to see if it had anything important in it. Now, if any of you who reads this is a fan of the Carlito Way, you know many stories in the first relate to him going to jail. <br /> <br /> anything, because this can make you lose 2 hours to view this trash. All I will say is the end of Carlito Road 2, we don't see Carlito going to jail. Now, I don't know about any of you, but I would think the prequel of Carlitos Way would show how he lived in jail. I was interested in seeing what happened. Now, that's not just my problem with the film. Migizaji who played Carlito did not work very badly, but could not save this film if he tried it. Not even all the little things that should be thrown in where the Carlito Way fans would like. You don't see any appearance of Kleinfeld or other important characters in the first, I'd like to see something like that. It is even worse, is Luis Guzman in the film, but does not play the same character as he plays in the first film. The biggest mistake on their part, why he gave us the same actor for a different character, has made the film worse than it was already. Under / below, I am a fan of the Carlito Path, this new direct release of DVD is embarrassing. If you are a fan, don't watch this movie comes with great expectations. This movie had nothing to me, and it is definitely one movie that I could not pick on a DVD, or look again.
