Well, I just give out 95 minutes and 47 seconds that I will never return to this piece of rubbish. I have heard someone on the internet describing the indifferent of this film as "human beings", and I thought it was pledged because I thought it would be like a way. WRONG! The deficit was a psychological thriller and powerful characters and powerful stories. These criminals are not quite sure and no part of their performance is enjoyable. This movie is not available too much, I have seen this rate of the year in most films. This film model takes. SYNOPSIS: a blonde who thinks she is a real fire (but she is not), her pastor, and her boyfriend (no, I don't remember their names) go to the forest. Their car decreases. They warn you to leave with someone named Mark. Blonde finds hysterical and of course and the next morning can not find a friend of admirer. Admirer affects his foot (whoops!). Don't worry, he breaks down when his car is moving faster than when he nails and nails. After the nanosecond of coaxing, the blond leaves get help. Expected events that I cannot remember. At this time and in all movies, we are shown great incidents of suffering without substances including one that made me a gag. Blonde goes to save the admirer from the house of you (though they all seem to eat it the intestines, which logically will be the final choice for real cannibals to eat since they have a real food). Please love to be sad and work hard (it doesn't work) to work with tears. Then you get a good noise when blonde is at home and announces that she can “think about”. Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a change of behavior when he reveals the unborn is his family. Then there are some bullets, they leave home, a shot continues, then a random boy shows up and says he has been watching them. Before being shot, we are shown the location of the transfer of acid. The blonde player or player hits him because he didn't help them. There is more massacre, thanks to his love for blonde. Then the secret arm covers the camera. What? What does that mean? I don't know, hope is not good.
