Wow, after destroying the Timo Roses disc "Rout City" after 15 minutes (South Park is more than insulting meaningless ... I think some people don't get it) I longed for this movie. I read the best things and the packaging and the look of the film seemed far from the general garbage that I expected after the "City of Rout". It is not a lot of litter but the problem seems to be exactly the same. Timo Rose tries to walk in the footsteps of the Horror University / Splatter Cinema as Olaf Ittenbach and likes. That means "Barricade" is a very extensive and extensive place. The FX's year is not really reliable but it is okay, acting is the same but in some cases it becomes clear. The hillbilly group in the opening chain is ridiculous and unavailable until it is struck. <br /> <br /> Why the problem is ... movie is gory, it has an example of an underground German (including classic booby shots in the blood), OK FX and feel as modern as the installation already promised? <br /> <br /> 1. Script is a total of BS. You find a typical / lost hill in the forest story and some people + are standing in the camp and meeting the damaged family of the hill. Everything is a cause of suffering and destruction and it seems without us and useless. This is the first thing that makes the "Barricade" half of the heart. <br /> <br /> 2. Random is also a good description for many camera functions (I liked to periodically cut into the booby torture buttons or did not have any material or editor working on the hardware store) . Even worse than editing ... indeed, modern and better than many such movies but its RANDOM. You have an additional use of the effect of the usual effect everywhere and without meaning ... it's just there ... all the time. Then there are some films of the valley / noise that are also thrown here and there for it, I have no meaning. <br /> <br /> 3. As mentioned above there are many things to repeat here. For example, many of the killings are regularly recycled and repeat several times to beat and beat. It is the same once but here is her bitterness and fake, especially towards the end. Scanning is also a feature of "music" which is used permanently without any changes behind. It will not take long until it makes the film not loaded. From all this there is a big problem with this movie (and many others in my opinion). If you are making a splatter movie and trashy you feel its good idiotic beat for a specific FX and a new school editing. It looks like they take a great way. It's not fun because FX's honor of the year is lost in this context. And where FX ethnicity is similar to FX computers on events such as oral mouth or weapon in the final look rather than ignoring (and 3D splatter is looking for even in movies and budgets and 3D artists). <Br> Most often I wondered if during a great movie splatter had passed and "Barricade" is just another example it could be when you put it to the grave. It's not fun, it doesn't have a reputation and it's also notable to look at it. The script is a cheap attempt on the "Bad Foot" and "TCM" that leads to the ultimate. You can take it literally ... the end is just there and like other random items here ("I love you" in flick splatter ... come on !!). "Barricade" tries to insert a lot and it fails ... you can quickly make sure through this film for a deep barrier, the face of the acid remember, the bottom of the underwear and a typical stripe of the couple's 13th-style couple while speaking inside tent (blood boobies hooray!). But it is very difficult to find this way. Total failure exactly because you can see it can be something.
