Way back to time, X-Files was a mental show, stimulating thoughts. Much of his appeal is that the authors looked for wheat and science for their ideas, uniting the plot on the spiritual side of real life. I was worried about the 8th season when you gave it. The period had given two great events of stooping ("One" and "Requiem"), and the 7th season had increased sharply in periods that had emerged from the bargaining ideas that had been made, implausible, or deceptive. But I thought, hey, give me the benefit of doubt, maybe they bring it again because they have good ideas closed. "They are on the road" really were fighting. Following "perseverance", which at least provided an interesting angle on the vampire wheat which show it well to avoid, the part that looks amazing (visitor?) Slug parasites with the power of mind control worship and worship of Christian backwoods. Oh, and they think it's the second coming of Christ, but you just get out of the last few minutes. Great. There is never a * attempt to do this, explain what slug is, why anything happens happening, or whatever. Even in the first years of the show - in fact, * especially * then you can expect a bit more deep, a bit of background, or if not so then the opposite - a bit of mystery, some of the facts about what this all about. <br /> <br /> It's Scully which actually kill it though. You can focus on the completeness of the premise, but to have a character that has been developed over 7 years as a wise skeptic that has been transformed into an unprecedented maverick for developing a plot is an amazing look. You feel like you are looking for the feelings of a young man, but it's a beautiful woman in her own three-year isolation of a community of non-emerging society that used the most beautiful part of the decade to reveal the destruction of sin, if it is too obvious to improperly or completely different barriers to its own safety. O, and by the way, Doggett, a new Mudler, not close. Scully just walked away in the desert looking at a brutal massacre on himself without him. He shows at the end of saving the day - I can't remember why - but apart from that, he's not in it. Again: seriously. In a short, it feels like a generic script written for another show, or a film of animal films that are allowed to shout like a mutant leech in the back of the tubes, showing a long time when you were in danger. It may have worked on a small show, where characters are more archetypal and listeners expect less. But X-Files had a good thing going on, and Scully was one of the most powerful idiosyncratic characters of the 90s. Deciding that it would change its personality for a story that should be done on a Star Trek good fifty or so useless times.
