If you have suffered at the bottom of the Low and Christian who says, "Jesus is the answer, what is the question?", Then perhaps you should thank God if you have never met Lacaniani. Slavoj Zikhali, the most evangelist of the Lacanians, would undoubtedly change the word "Jesus" with these words to "Lacan / Hegel". <br /> <br /> The Zombi star grows rapidly at this time, of course because we usually see the film and pop culture just as entertainment for our use. So it seems interesting when someone - anyone - comes and says, "Hangouts, films can say something about ourselves." <br /> <br /> Comments that Zikhali describes in this film are "true" because it says so. For example, Zikhali explains that Marx Bros three are ego, superego and id (God knows what happened to Zeppo, or Gummo? Maybe they are sinthome ... or is that movies themselves?). This is just what they have. As a result of Zizek, culture is not necessarily to be investigated but only to be seen as a model of his methods. People may argue that he really has something to say - but what is the difference and says from a Christian pointing out everything to the will of God? What? What is wrong with taking models, from film or anywhere, to show the theory? Well, nothing. If Zriers seems to believe, they can even serve as evidence. However, it is only cant and propaganda when these models are separated from their environment. Without the environment, you can say and confirm whatever you want. For Zizek, Lacan is the answer ?? so he goes and makes his model. Everything but everything resembles the teaching of the teacher and culture is there to focus on this, to serve this ideology. For example, the example of Zikhali's fantasy position of voyeur is taken from the Vertigo area while Jimmy Stewart is trying Kim Novak in a flower shop. But, in the context of the film, this is not a chance of fantasy of voyeur completely. Stewart has been deliberately caused there by Novak. This presentation of the only examples from its context continues in the two-and-a-half sermon of Zizek. "His observation of the" child wants f - "Blue Velvet area is laughable. Very touching on what he sees what he sees to be really horrible (for men) of" female reward ", Zizek says the character of Isabella Rossini is not just it wants its destruction but it is unconscious, with the control of its situation. This is an example of its "jouissance." Well ... as much as possible. But - sorry to be a prosaic - there is evidence for this? In the film, she takes part of the humiliation Zombi can say that he also enjoys sex with Kyle MacLachalan, but this may be due to any number of things. The female play, in contrast to the phalli play, cannot be explained, it is more than just catching the phallic and casting in the language. only to be appointed by experts such as Zizek: "There is a female reward for you, why is this female play is because I say so." Just Z psychology. Why does he keep getting in his favorite films, even though, during the boat Botega Bay, says he wants f-Rod Steiger too? Is this not the fulfillment of a person who uses life-changing movies? As the words go, Freud will have a day of field with the Pervert Guide of Cinema - but with Zizek himself, no one else. Zengine's theory that films show how we want it can be similar on the surface of it, but these films cannot be perfect examples of psychological laws. This film shows how Zombi wants and only very carefully - that it is almost useless - how we all want. For, if anyone of the psychoanalyst knows, how we love and what we want can not be fully excluded - and cannot be easily connected, if it is the same. Zzik's love to do everything of the Lacan Answer is based on this: what do we do? like this, this is what I do. The problem is, in the desire of Zizek, everything and everyone else is rationalized in his desire. But Zengine is Leninist and certainly does not like to allow the "subject" to express itself. The Pervert's Guide to Cinema is a love of Zikhali's technique and is quite unphilosophical even though it is still very political (what method is not?). Zikhali has never questioned exactly what his motives may be during the start of analysis, what he is trying to discover, because his search terms, and therefore his values ​​in doing so, were never entered. <br /> <br /> Zizek is a very prolific but all its books and this film says the same thing. He is a kind of Henry Ford's cultural theory: the production of information and any color as long as it is black. She is perfect for today's consumer society: allegedly useful when giving people the same c-ap regularly and pretending to be different. This is known because many people prefer the ready answers to their problems - which crime always demands to give - rather than investigating things by any time at any time. Which kind of brain has died. For me, the third pill of Matzek is a suicide village. PS: I liked the best of Zizek - made as a revelation about movies and humanity - the music in the film can affect people's compassion. Did this just happen to Zriers after watching Jaws?
