Perhaps it was a name, or a trailer (certainly not an interview on a DVD, which includes a director as he keeps saying "hi, children" in the camera as a buffoon), but I had the prospect of Entrails of the Virgin for having at least a delightful fun and other events. A good sex with a brutal killing, bloody murder and a Japanese weird arrangement. It turns out that way too bad for its own benefit, or bad, or nothing. There is a problem - and one can also see in the supply of Italian sex flick Holocaust, similar to this for some things - for having sex and abuse. Very serious sex and will become a typical porno, and even for the quality of production in comparison with many porno movies! And with murderous scenes, there must be at least a little tack, and maybe just a smidgen of skill, in creating a creature / killer / nothing. Virgin restrictions do not. It is safe to say it is a very good movie, even if it is not one of the worst of the worst there is only for the Japanese-ivory girls to leave the vulnerable girls and men who have their minds in 'other' 'heads. In this case, we have been given a photo team where the boys take some shots of other girls, there is nothing to taste, and then through many fogs they stay away from some homes one night and take one to the "killer" as he deserves. First, the director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides that he places in the early part of the sex - we are found in (or making a phone call, we take your pick) clips of one of the sex actors and one or more girls elsewhere. It looks like it's from another film. Then after staying in the house, there is a 'fight' area that has not been fired and shot (yes, we need to see him 'all' there), then up to rape and murder. First rape, and photographers, who promise some girls to work at their time. Then the murderer, who is like a D'Amato creature is just bound in the mud and given a face, and who for an unknown reason kills men and / or rapes women directly. <br /> <br /> Now, at the end of those, taken alone, should be considered to be important elements of the movie. This is like saying, however, that crogaons are a good place to get to the salad. Eye-gouging area, spike cast as an Olympic event (that area, in fact, is kind of cool), and finally entrailing the girl's most sex-crazed, whose legitimate name I can't remember. Even * this * becomes just a disappointment for it is not appropriate for the head! On top of this, sex incidents, which are lowered through 'Gaira' and its long-term desires take over without a touch where everything strangled by Japanese censors breaks down, then they are mentioned by actors (you will think they seem to enjoy themselves, so need to stop 'talking' themselves). But the general impression from the Virgin's Entrails is one lumpy, where it is only to be given and without a frenzy or real fear (see if the last girl came out alive, a young woman, trying to stop the killer from approaching, which it takes about five minutes to throw the sticks!) You just want to be made, because 'I hate women's mantra to reduce or eliminate completely.
