The little helper of Satan is one of the best B Horror movies I have seen. When I say well I mean stories. The film prohibits a new plot, something that is not being done in the form of Horror - something new. But there are some ignorant questions that come with it. Questions will ask you in all the film. The first video first discovered my ideas when I drove the HMV section. I was exhausted for every so-called "fear" of Hollywood blockbusters and wanting something different. The art of covering for the little helper of Satan immediately took my mind. As you can see, the picture is attracting you - it's snap! I knew it was directly for the release of the DVD - but I used the opportunity. I mean, I just saw "Boogey Man" last night - so It can't get worse! After watching the film, I had completed half. I liked the plot of the movie. It was amazing how the murderer was pretending to be a friend of boys, so he could kill. In another way of the sick, he thought he and the little boy would be partners - the duo of fear. It was a great idea to put a film on Halloween night. In this way, no one will think anything of a masked person beside a small child. They just thought he was his guardian. But, this is also a place where "holes of conspiracy" begin to cross. If your child came home with a "friend" met a trick or treat - that's okay. You can't imagine anything - if it was 9, or around around the same age as he. If, however, emerged with a wonderful person in the mask, you will be surprised and protect your child. You can ask the person to remove his mask and introduce himself. You can ask him why he has with your child. He didn't know him. Tell him please please. He is not a family friend. He is a stranger. Now, we should teach our child not to talk to strangers. In this case, the mother is exactly the same. Huh? They never think it's an odd tad that "man" does not talk - even. They think it's a girl's girlfriend, but after 10 minutes of not talking you would like to pull the mask and ask why she didn't say a word. <br /> <br /> The movie goes down the hill from there. The thing that got me more, all mother said it was "Do you want cider?". I can't count how many times this says in the film. It's like, you're dying - we have a cider though, it's all good! The movie started promising, and failed to deliver. It was more fearful / comedy, and even if it fails to deliver. I think you can call it "Dud", "Flop" etc. The best thing about the film is the archive. Although, something tells me that it's not worth $ 12!
