I will begin to say first that I have given this 3 film out of 10 after consideration. I was going to give you one out but I got some extra points for the body count. But that will be on him. Let me tell you. I paid £ 1 for this DVD on the supermarket because I have a lot of faith in horrible fricks, B-movies especially. But if this film was aimed at B status as I think it was for several reasons (which I will deal for a second) then it failed for beauty. Not just b for B and missing, it came to another place near F. This movie had many opportunities to be good and very successful in all accounts. I say above that it is possible this film was aimed at B status and seems to try and achieve this by trying to combine humor and fear, which can be very good or very bad. For example, later Freddy films (Dream Warriors continue) is about Freddy's style and nose-thumbing, which works great! But this film has been fully targeted for this reason when they tried to insert the skulls were just too stupid. I accept though that towards the beginning of the film humor was good. In fact, for about half an hour I loved this film and I prepared to brag about getting another good. But what killed this film for me was improper. For example, when 'Satan' blows a cat against the board and writes 'boo' with his blood using his body as a brush. Or when 'Satan' knocks the door into a woman with a disability. Now I'm not too common against the fatal kill-hey film, that's sure, right? But in those two cases I found that it was very bad and was not worth anything in the film field. For me, the film dropped from there then. The worst thing about this film is that I hated every character in it. Little, Dougie was just ridiculously annoying !!! I am losing to describe how he could write off all the bodies and people killed before his eyes as a trick! I mean, come on !!! I am quite aware that the terrible movie character should be stupid, if you run on an apartment when you should be bright out of the house crying for help, but this child took a biscuit! I wanted to kill his own end! It was impossible and if I had to hear him say 'duh!' once more I was taking my head against the wall-for that reason what this film looks like. Why didn't I just return to the film? Especially because I honestly believe the end can sometimes redeem the film. But I was wrong in this case. Finally it did not redeem this film, it also persuaded them to hell and was not in line with the plot. I get it ready! The murderer may return to dress like someone else, welcomed into a home with a stupid child and go to the murder again because no one is accusing him of it! I get it! This film made me physically because it was stupid! And if by the wrong case you have finished watching this film, look for the intestines. In fact, if the boy had the same intestines, I would like to be surprised that he was not already dead, letting some of them go out and tie them to the seat. Really, I will go so far to say that the only character I liked most in this film was really a killer. Certainly because when his 'pleasant procedure' worked, you worked. All in all, the line of this film has taken everything that can be down. Why was the murderer killed? I don't know. I can live without knowing who he was really, that's normal, but without some kind of mind - hell I don't know, I'd sit for him to have a bad Halloween as a child! - it looks just more meaningful, just stupid. Foolish folly stupid folly stupid. In fact, I hated this very film that I specifically registered with IMD just so I could comment on it. Save your money, secure your cleanliness. Get away from it!
