This is a "anthology" film of terrible. Created by 4 short stories taken from the lies of Robert Bloch (who wrote for Weird Stories and was a personal friend with H.P. The quality of the story is very different and I don't think much about the movie was awesome or awesome. It would be better to do it as a comedy like the "Comedy of Terrors." Only the last of the 4th stories was actually done in an exciting way, and maybe it's their best (one with Ingrid Pitt). I have seen several films of Amicus anthology and only one that was worth me when it was Freddie Francis' "Stories from the Crypt." Anthology style works for producers, for it means that they can employ a group of "big actors", employers for just one week of bullet or so, and then bring another next name. So you pay for 6 weeks of the salary of the movie star but get 5 or 6 different names on the marquee. But that's very unfortunate for the audience, because the audience would like to see certain events with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee, and Ingrid Pitt really working together. Instead they are caught in these vignettes for themselves. So let's take one at a time, briefly. The first story has Denholm Elliot, who does a great job of trying to bring glory to his secret role as a trembling writer and his own character. Unfortunately the runners who play Dominican, the source of fear, Tom Adams, seems just a fraud that destroys any possible fear. There are some things that hilari like if you want to laugh though, as a place where Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. It is a patent area where the killer climbs behind the victim but no one looks, so all the listeners should shout out "HOW TO GO!" The second story is one with Peter Cushing. God loves that person very much. Very badly its many films, like this, very good. In the story she should be away from the long lost love, and sees her example in the museum museum. It is a story of predicting which is not recommended anywhere. Then you have little to Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a little child who turns into a witch. Again a little can be fun if it was played to laugh. But instead we should be afraid when Lee hits the child and is surprised when it turns out to be bad. Migizaji, Chloe Franks, was good at that kind of "Bad Seed" though. The last story is exciting ... Ingrid Pitt has an actor and Jon Pertwee plays an accident that buys a vampire of a vampire which turns into a real vampire. That's about all the stories that fit the offer. I was amazed at how bad English Ingrid Pitt was, I think he must have been called in some films that I have seen. <br /> It was not a very unpopular film or one that I would recommend to anyone except the makers of fear.
