Storyline of the film is pat and common. Two women travel through the middle east and identify themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for films on east Asia and in the center of Asia this is quite horrible. The filmmakers do not research and were not lazy when calling. To begin with, and much less accurate, Nuristanis, as they were known in three years, and in fact since the 1890s and their great conversion of Abdul-Rahman Shah of Aghnaistan, were not members. In fact they have never been robbers since the Aryan invasion of central Asia over the last three millennium. Secondly, the city that takes place as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, however the geography of the area around the city could not be more attractive than Tehran, which is surrounded by a large mountain area, which is caused by all urban views. Three, Persian, as well as the truth speaks in Iran and Afghanistan, does not feel heard in the film. While there are speakers who do not speak in German they say in Arabic. Persian guards in the border, in fact, say 'Mahaha rujal' (This is not a person) and not 'mard nist' as it will be in Persian. Also, the love song between the Indian king and one of the main characters is open to Spanish. When talking a garden one of the main characters says that the Qur'an uses the words 'Ferdos' and 'jehaan' and makes a reference to medicine after words. These words have never been found in the Qur'an because they are Persian to Paradise (in fact, Ferdos and Paradiso are the most distant talks between our languages) and 'World' respectively, although Jehaan is admitted to 'Jehennan' which is Hell in Arabic. When they meet the robbers in the desert, the language spoken is also Arabic, this despite the fact that there are no Arab people in Iran and Afghanistan and its use is religious, and other uses in education at the time. While they are standing in Iran before reaching the Afghan borderline, people who meet them are quite different from any Iranian group. Their tents are usually the bed and carpets to decorate the walls with beautiful details. In Iran it is also very common for people to wear Turbans unless they are a leader. The spoken language is plain Arabic due to the first 'Ahlan of Sahlan' greetings. When they reach Kabul in the desert they find themselves in the sand, totally different from the dirt of the rock that is found in the arid areas of Hindu Kush. There is a lack of green light that covers the ground during the summer and spring. The area is also not widely used by the mountainous mountains that have its name, Indian killers, because of its hard and slow land. In short, the line of the story is the only thing in this film that holds any water and is still a weak and normal part. You have nothing true, since only the story of two women is trying to learn about themselves as they come to Nuristan, however, even that is still born and there is no real progress, leaving the characters at the end where they were at the beginning and nothing has changed but war two worlds are broken. In short, this is a very bad movie that I would like to be tested for one star except for a beautiful picture of Bedouin and Levant deserts, even if they say the name.
