The basic foundation of the "Golem Miami" definitely deserves a spot on, say, fifty of the movie stations well-written down! I know about 50 not very interesting, but I have seen many wonderful films and lunatic stadiums. I was prepared from a controversial thing, because the film was directed and written by Alberto De Martino, who was one of the most famous and creative artists of Italy. De Martino alters a lot of ideas from the successors, as many Italian directors have done around the time, but always adds more items to make it more complicated, confused and exaggerated. It is not all movies of De Martino suitable, but some of them are very low, like "Special Magnum of Tony Saitta", "Holocaust 2000" and "Kill System". The concept of "Miami Golem" has things from Sci-Fi many with great flicks (like "Alien", "Starman", "Close close to the Three Type", "ET", ??) Call that. The only thing that has been taken from an attack on another film is the theme of the opening of the sound that appears almost the same as Axel F. Harold Faltermeyer from "Beverly Hills Cop". All parts of the film are hodgepodge exciting fantasy, Sci-Fi, action, panic and superhero-movie movies. Certainly not always (always inappropriate, indeed) but "Miami Golem" is undoubtedly a thoughtful and colorful film that has taken my partner and I was attracted from the beginning to the end. The plot is very difficult for a short summary but I will try it anyway. The journalist concerned Craig Milford narrates the story of a German scientist who identified the internal external DNA inside a fallen meteorite and was able to make it. The essence of the DNA is the power of the alien who had already destroyed the previous race in the past and of course without destroying all the people quickly so that it can grow big enough. If this is not a problem already, the rich Mr. Anderson ordered to steal the fetus grow slowly because he thinks he can use it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of other good guests in hiding in the world, Craig Milford has a difficult task of protecting the planet from the worst fetus. Okay, I know this all seems to be very bad, but I'm sure that "Miami Golem" is actually a flick visible light and easy. The first half of the film may have a huge hectare and mix, because Alberto De Martino is trying to keep a good secret through the use of red colors. There is a subliminal spiritual exhibition, the supporters of supernatural support because there is no real and for some point there is even speculations about the lost continent of Atlantis. This is all the misleading material, however, and once the set-up is more or less clear "Miami Golem" turns into an early 80's popcorn stage of murder and murder, a flamboyant motion track (in Florida Everglades!), The explosion, freeze with small toys of young in jars. Now, I don't want to raise the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and inappropriate gem of the use of Italian movies. Don't make a mistake, this is a very bad movie! These events can last if you accept the folly and deficiency of the plot and if you succeed in it, and more than this is just enough to prevent unnecessary elements. Acting performances are serious pain. Especially the veteran of B John Ireland, as a characteristic of Bond Bond Bond Bond, does not seem very small in the script. You can tell him from his grimaces and by way of giving his line that he also thinks all production has decreased and is only registered for payment. Laura Trotter is probably a little female-everything ever, and someone who has taken the best VHS cover should have the same feeling because, because the disgusting girl on the lid is not visible anywhere on the film. It is a shame that should be with Mrs. Trotter. Still, his improper form of cruelty pays for this, for he is a fire from the neck down. And, finally, there is a place where David Warbeck takes a helicopter from the bus to the school with a regular pistol! I don't think John Rambo can do that, when he is a veteran of Vietnam and Warbeck's character is a simple television writer.
