This is a film that takes some crush. On the one hand, we are given a strong string, a story that is not only from the Catholic Church, but it does so with folly, and is unknown. In the inner layer, we give a religious story on orthopraxis, and what happens when people follow the beliefs that they should not understand. At first glance, this seemed to be a comedy. If so, Mr. Durang wants to open the dictionary, because he doesn't know the meaning of the word. Jokes are colored; The humor is infinite and delivered well. In particular, Mrs Keaton's performance is a flight and above, and under the quality of Annie Hall and the sleeper days. Jennifer Tilly is no longer an example of stridence, with her voice sounded and straightened style. All of this can be forgiven if it was not for 20 minutes of this movie, which appears to be a game played in 1981. *** With great attention, the vendors *** *** /> ​​<br /> It all starts with the appearance of students The fourth of Sister Mary Ignatius (Ignatius, by the way, is the male name, and the fool did not want to pass it after his promises in any case due to that fact, so as to show you how much uncertainty research has entered into the project.) All who admit that he does not live according to the teaching of the church, the sister continues to be bad and hurt them in the way the audience is convinced she made the way back in the corny, all-too-cliché sepia-drop flashbacks. When one of them agrees to have two pregnancies, the fool becomes worse, until the student gets out of the gun. After fighting him off, the widow kills the pupil, perhaps with the defense. Then he keeps shouting, killing an old gay student because of his sins. The last shot is the dead student who sleeps in the image of Christ as the shadow of the cross based on it. Can you say 'heavy weight'? 'I knew you could! I know that there are witches in the past, and I know many people have been emotionally affected as a result, but this picture is fed under the throat near every shot in this movie trailer. I have heard from the author and director that this is a film about hysteria and why someone should not follow religious religion, no pun is planned. This information is difficult to swallow, though, just because we are never given a view of the authority that does not relate to Catholic faith in one way or another. This film is only anti-Catholic, which in the name of equality and equality, is meant by the spirit and hatred. This is a film I would like to recommend to Catholicism, that is to raise the reality of ignorance and ignorance that they face today. If 'Rabbi Ray tells you all' or 'Imam Muhammad explains all', there will be street fighting and Showtime will lose all its registration. But, sadly, because this is a war against what is known as many, it is accepted and even applauded by those who share similar views. I really hope every member of the beat was Catholic, so it's not just ignorance that made them make this film. I have given 1.5 stars out of 5, not because of its offensive nature, but because it was well written, misrepresented by just a bad movie in general. Don't waste your time.
