Final Score ... who cares - is a real show. You do not have a love for their listeners, hitting to a TV shower, is not good for anything and gets anything. "Joe Millionaire", the real manifestation of all of them, is a television epic epic episode. It is a low rock, during the rock, not only to the Fox, but to the American people looking at people who actually look, as they said about this trick the next day. You should be ashamed of themselves. Because such as Fox focuses on this junk will not make money unless it is observed by people (and the boy was, the end was almost the number Super Bowl?). Does it not hurt you people that there are many written characters, directed, done and generally have an effort put in them when you sit back and photocopy this cool, cool game? I was a powerful helper for Fox. It's those like me who love and search the best TV that has helped build Fox behind the Woa ... and Children and the Simpsons. Easily, now no one of these shows it will do 6 weeks and current management. Gail Berman "rule of fear" as is often called. The Web has made a battle on TV written BY, to wonder, it's fans. Many people who helped them build it at the beginning. Now, not only should we fight for good performances, but we have to fight against their own web. Reminds the mind. No Fox, has done in the last 3 years it makes any sense. From the cancellation beat as "Tito", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC may strengthen "Boomtown", but Fox can't raise his head sadly to show just a show of honor which had this season another shot?). And the reason they can do all this: the success of Junk as "Joe Millionaire". They can now say "We don't need TV fans, we have the truth to show". They seem to have no idea that a great audience to draw and this junk is a fickle and will leave the next second fad next. To overcome their foundation if this eventually kill the web in a way that has stopped ABC. <br /> <br /> The show itself is a joke. Here we have a foundation, in the current Fox gummick, which promises us something different and good, but offers something that is not in any way different from "Bachelor" or anything on the big 3. Fox has gone. Last and "misleading" (quote / unquote) expressed they have no thought on their sleeve. Now we know that all this shows, no matter how they look, all the differences will come to the same cornball, story story. We should see a group of eagerly interested people that the network takes over millions of head heads to resemble their number of people fighting almost like the secondary bimbo pretending to love this Evan Marriott because ... well because it was competitive and yes you should do. Marriott himself is like a man who hides Chro-magnum who tries to put together a more simple sentence. But, how can women (usually go in the wrong way - the most important thing is to show such a pleasure) not to fall by "Joe" and similar lines like as "Look, you're not stupid". Br /> <br /> I was thinking that people who watched this fact of reality / dating / game were just lazy to change the channel, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think they should have a real shortage of mind. Come on people, have a little more pride in yourself. Love a little more from your entertainment then THIS. Open the FOX.
