Serum begins as Eddie (Derek Phillips) is delighted to learn that he was admitted to a medical school to continue with the family tradition of MD as his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey), however happy may be as short as Eddie is involved in an accident and driven by a car. The admission of a nearby hospital does not seem good for the poor Eddie so his uncle Eddie encourages his brother Richard to allow him to save Eddie and the serum he has built, serum which will give the recipient the ability to heal all kinds of wounds or illnesses. Failure of her boyfriend living Richard agrees but the procedure has unwanted effects like turning Eddie into the brain eating zombie which is not just a good thing ... <br /> <br /> Executive produced, written and directed by Steve Franke I will be quite clear and say Serum is bad, Serum is one of those no budgetary budget budget that tries to get rid of any of the others and end up having a little more fun than having fingers pulled out and pliers. The script is awesome, it has the entire Re-Animator (1985) to feel the scientists who are using a big needle to try to overcome death but it is very bad, the first forty minutes is not just a very good soap opera that has nothing to expect ringing while driving out with Eddie coming home after spending time away from finding his old girl has had to sleep with someone else, move with her mother of action, drinking with her partner & general to convince the listeners. So, once the first minute of forty minutes is over, and if you're still investigating, it takes another twenty minutes to get Eddie again-animated and then kills several people, the police have taken him and led him to the end. Thank you God. Serum does not exist in any of the qualities that a person can cooperate with a good film, a characteristic shepherd, a conversation is poor, it takes itself very seriously, is limited, is slow, is forgetting and focusing on the fact that the awesome film has a lack of blood, gore or fear. Not recommended, did I mention that Serum was boring? I thought so. Franke does not have anything to do with this matter, although he has the ability to have a fashion here. The year levels are no longer there, there is a little bit of blood, the neck of the sting, several scars on the face of a dead woman, a number of cases where the needle takes the skin and that is. Do not expect Re-Animator in the department's department because if you do have your heart desires, just like I was true. Translated into what looks like a single house, one restaurant and laboratory film does not have any kind and looks just cheap. There are two cases of dirt but that is not close to keeping it. In fact the film is not so bad, at least it looks like the best used cameras, I can't comment on special effects because there is not but Serum is generally speaking professional. It seems to be shot in Texas, or should it read so should be shot in Texas? Acting takes though again I think they were the best actors instead of friends or family of the director. Serum is a horrible film, it is light, slow, boring, not available and feels like a terrible opera soap for the first forty minutes. I don't understand why anyone can feel the need to look at this when they can look at the Re-Animator or one of the sequels again instead, for the weight I recommend you to give Serum to miss. There I just saved you from losing 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
