"Seramu" begins with features that are completely remembered by "Re-animator" films, and are widely claimed. Stories are very similar; The mad doctor continues to have a serum which he believes will ease the pain, disease and death, but he is not a great believer in clinical trials and so he misses a zombie-eating zombie into the hands of his nephew. Zombie even looks like one of those from "Re-animator," and indeed some of the effects of doing in "Serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is slow and impractical in quite a few places, causing opera's soap to feel for more than 3/4 of the movie. For some reason, the director feels compelled to tell us during the day every few minutes to open it with a large white letter on the screen. I can't see why this was important, unless it was an attempt to give viewers a sense of time to pass; sometimes, that didn't exist otherwise as plods plot aside. There are several numbers that add here. For example, one victim is beaten with a sledge hammer, but when we see the head of the nearest striker, there is no sign of the problem. In another area, behavior decreases the fully-filled hospital (we can see light circles on the floor, in fact) with a flashlight flashlight, looking at the whole world as it goes in the dark ... but later the second character walks under the same region of perfectly without one. These are just a few examples; when checking as seasonal recipes or crop editors on the film. The "Serum" is better in some ways than much of what goes directly to the video as fear of self-confidence soon. In terms of technical items? sounds and photography, for example? it seems more police than many countries on DVD. On the other hand, there is still a good deal of woodwork (especially for one of the leading actors, a mad scientist!) And a useless time without any connection with suspension of faith and everything to do and write and continue. Perhaps these are things that people are involved in making this film finally get more experience, however. One of the problems raised under the recent budget is that filmmakers are often committed to retaining the most popular movies that have the largest budget, which are never available. It was not in the case of "Seramu," however.
