This is probably the worst films that I have ever seen. The fact that you have a flimsy story is very bad, that you have put it into the issue of soccer abuse makes 100 times worse. I was very worried about the foundation of this film even before I began to look, but I came into clear that it was enough to even accept the ways that the authors felt worthy to establish Elijah's character in the hooligan area. But the film gives us precision after accuracy, for which in the center of each film makes it more difficult than in the past. Let's open a few things: They come out with no desire to erase their own pub before running a league game; they don't know to kill one another; they not only wear Stone Island (and others in the crowd, abusers or not, do). In fact they do not, when considered an exception to a new member of the company, goes to their opponent's territory for pie and mash. And I would like to meet the holio that would go with the grass on her top boy for the rival company. (Although you can find what I said about putting out to kill if someone is there). Do not do it wrong, I haven't seen a film on a subject that is not 'T has other fantastic buttons, but this is similar to the Non-Wealth Organization. I found it to be religious that the Nemesis of the Wooden Woods is judged by its character to be a cocaine user, while this is part of the British holium area. The film chooses to compete with Wood's values ​​and instead focuses on any company using coke. I would continue, but I think I've made my move. For that plot, it is not very good, and I'm sure if I didn't use the whole film to wait points, and more, made up there I would think what was going on earlier than me. And you believe me, I was in front. I see this feeling of film is for men, and hope that women will enjoy the needle of emotional issues that have been raised. If I have the right, then the creators have failed completely. It is very unrealistic to be interested in anyone who knows about the area, and I can not believe the kind of woman who wants an automated film without giving a damn on any of the characters given their desire to violence. What is it? There are good points? Maybe the fighting scenes are well choreographed and closed, but I rarely sense and slow-mo action, certainly not when it's fighting if the point is lucky is activating enough any. <br /> <br /> There are some funny, as inappropriate time. The school wood trip made me smile. But rarely a good time is not available for looking at two cotton produced. If you are a UK you will avoid as a blow, if not just develop inappropriate ideas of the area if you are not knowing. If you are America, you can enjoy it, because it resembles a market. But no one can deny the plot is flimsy, predictable and finally up.
