Green Street, as it was called Britain, or the Writers is a bad film. The story is full of fantastic ideas and buildings that anyone living in the UK, has been in a football match or knows the first thing about soccer will see immediately. My first major gripe and thinkers are poor thrown to two main characters. Don't make a mistake, I would like Eli Wood and have a great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts he tried to pull this responsibility. The main character of his behavior is angry in the system and anger during betrayal, however he uses a lot of films and film festivals, showing only his abuse in one short area towards the end of the film. This is associated with his performances and nature makes him an absolute addition to the soccer group. At any time during the film I was sure that a) he could protect himself from fighting the burglars and b) 'solid' pigs would accept that person in their horn. The main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks at that part, and he is certainly persuading as a string. Unfortunately, as a Newcastle born on Tyne in northern England, he shows the worst shock of East London since Dick Van Dyke tried to go to the cock-in-y in Women's Marriages. Such information will not disturb the listeners of the United States who will not have a small regional language in the UK, but from England it was a problem I could not ignore and contributed to the damage to my movie. All support provided a convincing exhibition and were well healed, especially the bover position. The young man playing this character would be more suitable for Charlie's main role. For this film, you should convince the audience that your characters are recommended, unfortunately, to make a failure. Imagine if you made a film as Godfather and had Sean Hayes (Jack) from Will and Grace to play the part of Michael Corleone. You cannot be trusted. The story in Hooligan is also full of implausibilities. I'm not Hooligan's football, but I'm a fan of a fantasy football. I know how the 'supporters' of football supporters may be, as it seems to be impossible for a non-football fan, who is not a fan of the club, not from the question area and even the English nationality should be accepted and 'firm' which compares to a secret organization in the worst case. My last problem, and the big, and this film, is the way that shows the soccer people. I consider the idea of ​​a film that in spite of being extremely violent, criminals are forgiven if they live with some kind of ethics in their own world and should be interested in being bold and loyal to each other. This is a full garbage. Soccer traders are a perfect talent. They are taking football, national UK games and using it as a terrible excuse, fear and fear of people. They represent a small percentage of football fans but give the whole game to the people of this bad reputation. They are not bold or honest, they are fearful and evil. If the 'GSE' in this film loved their club, West Ham, why would they give their lives a stain in its name. Soldiers are embarrassed for soccer and for English society. Football traders perform with the title of the football which Hitler made for the reputation of the Germans. Although this film tries / expects to show the 'gritty' side of football violence. It does nothing more than promoting it as some kind of excuses for extreme sports fans. It does not show the poor innocent in football matches who have lost their days with some idiot / glass coins in the group. It does not show innocent houses and property owners who need to put graffiti and broken windows. It does not show the REAL fans of football clubs who are faced with anger and disgrace when their team supporters are banned from traveling to remote or international games for European games because the sticks between them damage everyone. If you want to see a good film about soccer violence, see the BBC's Firm 'drama.
