This game has a decent (be) that the first game that I have stopped playing in the middle and feel like hitting the bits and then burning. Congratulations. TOM's first and last Tomb Raider I'll play and assure you. Just write the word makes me laugh. No one. Neither the development of the character. Finally we have a hero of a girl who can fend for herself, who is not * wife-sue-sue, but unfortunately she dresses like a slut and her breast is huge. They should attract male sex galleries you see. Yet all he does is go to the grave after the funeral objects and go along. Why does he do this I do not know. I had the lowest and t.v. as loud as I could and still didn't understand something big. Development (or missing) for her, her two friends and * criminals * were hateful. There will also be standards that you need to go through - not to give you any information about what you are doing next and you will actually be in a lot of halls like hell for HOURS trying to understand what spirituality should do. There is one course (out of two) especially with him on a motorcycle (Believe I am not quite happy) that you will be on ATLEASE HOUR and NO to save the point forward. That means you are hit by another driver and boys on shooting vans or you hit a tree start at a long journey. F * ck: You know to let it make a long level, don't have saving points, don't have a story, develop character, don't have different types in play, you have a lot of music on The more long-term rates, and give any sketch to the player so they can stay even more than achieving the plot. Fate c * One: Those who look like hitting ideas. <br /> <br /> Fools F * ck two: I agree. Who needs the development of character, plot, or play a game of play. Todd: Sorry, sir, but these ideas seem like they will be very players. <br /> <br /> Boss Fool F * ck: Install Todd. You are being chased. <br /> <br /> game-play: all he does is shoot. Of course he can erase when calling, jumping during SHOOTING, or cutting again during the blowing SHOOTING. To run, jump, and cut is not good enough that all that will eventually do is SHOOTING. BORING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Music: Intro music is very good. I like to hear it. In the game music goes from patience and wanting to cut your ears. Exhibition: Focusing on this game was done in 2006, I was looking for pictures to hit me away. The bottom line: this game is under conspiracy, there is no identification of character and youth unintended (caring) young people who are going through the boring cemetery for some bad reason (what I might not have been able to tell you) and the gameplay of an unreasonable shot. Stay away from this B.S !!!!!!!! It's getting two stars to have women who are not a girl in distress (No matter how scallyly dressed can be) and beautiful in music.
