'Smile Your Lite' is a delightful comedy which really doesn't mean. I do not mean that the story was difficult, but the whole plot depends on one thing: an attempt to escape with the high cost of childbirth. People who tried to be hard should have forgotten the option to adopt, which this movie does not like. Lauren Holly plays Jennifer Robertson, on the contrary for anything given by women's liberation movement, showing almost no sense of independence. She is a very bad habit like a dream house wife who has nothing else to do with her mind but have children. As a 50-year-old romantic boyfriend, Greg Kinnear is her husband who is not presently showing no personality, no independence, and from us, they have no interest. They are two stimulating and often depressed characters, and it is not difficult to make a comedy topic that should come up with a lot of problems, which should happen to couples doing all they can to get pregnant. Except, they have nothing but go to a reproductive clinic and put a lot of money to do what they can do with their own privacy (except for the number of vitamins of fertilizers). This program cannot allow any problems, because, couples do not do anything to create any incredible situation. They are only going to this clinic. Why? Small planning means testing the loyalty of a couple, an important aspect of the story of the story since couples are planning a birth plan together. Jennifer works in a new shop with her friend (played by Joan Cusak), and they are in business developing aphrodesiacs. Christopher MacDonald has a striker and Jennifer is the best-known prize for his products and his friend. Subplot is not very helpful to set your mind (although Joan Cusak is pretty funny in a purely area). Danny (Kinaar) is an architect, who gets an opportunity to earn extra money to cover clinical bills, working in Seattle, where his master is a seducress of crass (also another hopeless person,). a helpless girl) who tries to persuade Danny (as dumb as she) to have a relationship with her once it is easily rock with her and his wife (because I don't care to give). Jill Hennesy is good at the role, but its character is also unpredictable, and also formulaic as a necessary element to create a conflict with Danny. It's stupid and once again, it is not desirable to attract. <br /> <br /> The entire movie itself is completely boring, and not funny at all (except the recurring event and flight planes). The plan does not know what it is considering. Even if the story was about two people trying to give birth, the authors could have several hilarious mishaps to develop out of it. Second, the main characters are completely boring. They are full silouhettes of dumb organs of the 1950s with a happy wife and a husband who has no clueless. So, even without failing to be in a conspiracy, the actors themselves do not find something exciting, not funny. Joan Cusak should be a guide and someone else should take part of Kinnear. Cusak would have made even the story of an incredible lousy (as sometimes he does in his role of sharing here). This is definitely one pass.
