As a fan of science fiction movies, I have identified Matrix since its release in 1999. From a little bit I would like to let people tell me about it, I thought it was original and modern. I am also loyal to Alice in Wonderland. I can never know how I missed Matrix when it was released. With a close release of Matrix Reloaded, it was time to buy a DVD and watch it. The despair was too great. The abdomen of the stomach (anti-film device) was clever. Cluster of the philosophy of the world the same, the reality is the shop. However, I could have been bought in the film, as a science fiction, if it was strong in that kind. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a standard, "they will or cannot escape, break through, rescue those who need rescue, etc." To do worse, it was another military exercise. The problem is that false movies and martial arts films are two different types. For a saint, a fool of one or the other, this mix does not work. It's like combining false science with romance. You may have one or the other, but not all in the same film, or, at least, not all at the same level in the same film. If there are similar problems with Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded actually exacerbated problems. For thirty minutes of the film was the mechanism of martial arts or long-car-post. (This study ignores the question, made in every professional, bad review of the film: If Neo can do Superman's thing, why do you try to fight a lot? "deliverance through love". The plot was exhausted by Richard Wagner over a hundred years ago. It was well addressed by him at Die Gotterdammerung. So where do those who saw the Matrix Reloaded. Fans of military competitions were probably speaking through events, but the arcane of physics physics. Fans of science were wondering why they were sitting for fest-kung-fun fest. Many of the men in the audience are perhaps influenced by the silly romance feature of the film. <br /> <br /> What only should you get for your bucks when you see a franchise film of Matrix: False science, martial arts, or opera soap? A little of each other does not do more than each of them, nor for a satisfying film for everyone.
