`Matrix 'was an exciting blockbuster of summer which was visible strange but also an amazing thought stimulating in'` Twilight Zone'-ish manner. The general rule is used here - and this is not in line with its predecessor. Worse than that, it doesn't compare with it. Reloaded 'Reloaded' explores the screen in a non-professional style. In a few seconds of opening the first impression is one of the best if the Trinity is hit in a dream. Once this, the nose-dives film. After the first 45 minutes of danger, it gradually gets faster when they enter Matrix and Agent Smith's battle. But it loses all its speed when you reach the 14-minute car following the sequence and it becomes worse when you deserve the best. Anything more is the Zion Rave 'higher place. Not only is it wrong with the plot, but it is also an excuse to make money with music dance music. The `Matrix 'shot was a good, but in' 'Reloaded' they overuse to make it seem boring. In the first one there was an interesting plot, but here it is also an interesting line. The movie is basically, just a series of stylish diversions that prevent us to realize just how empty is true. It works with the wrong code that the biggest is better. It seems that the 'Matrix' franchise has dropped rapidly in special effects that led to misfire that other franchises such as 'Saga Wars Star'. <br /> <br /> Acting standard is inferior to a large part. The best course of course goes to 'This Smith' of Hugo Weaving 'one just to be a little interesting. Keanu Reeves is a definite Neo, but for all special effects, there is a small room to make a lot of effect. College College Laurence Fishburne Award is reduced by a good consultant and good conversation. The section of Carrie Ann Moss as the bed of action can be done better by any other executive. <br /> <br /> The poor, stunted movie, 'Matrix Reloaded' is desperate. Those who do not accept the first will not exist. This is just for fan enthusiasts. Even in small forms of special bonanzas (small report, Matrix etc.) this is still poor. IMDb rating: 4.5 / 10.
