One could expect the film to be hit on average. The budget of $ 300 million UAH should be at least welcome at the time you spend on movies to watch. "Matrix Reloaded" proves that this concept is not recommended. "Matrix" did better, despite having clear holes about the logic of the story. At least no one can tell me why an intermediate agent in the simulation (aka martix) can hurt a computer program in any way ... <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the Wachowski brothers did this wrong " agent-bashing "The main thing in" Matrix Reloaded ": is hitting 'em up o-rama. These fighting events may be enough work (or even cold) in 5 seconds. The trailer, but for a long time for several minutes, seems to be faked, choreographed badly and repeat it often is nothing more than boring. In spite of seeing promotional queues there is nothing less than low quality, no thoughtless thinking has already been seen (or better) for example. Van Damme 'movies'. The post-production difference (etherything is 5 times faster, the camera circles around you and locks in certain scenes, and this is repeated for at least 5min) does not provide here, all of these are not related to the "martial arts". In addition to these 'struggles', all participants refuse to do what they are paid for: act. <br /> <br /> What's more than fighting events? Few except the mobile order. This hi-so-multicultural group that was played in "Waterworld" is restored as a "Zion" citizen (the last city of the world), and by Morpheus's command they start to play, because this is a great opportunity to show a lot of untouched coverings. mounted with lids. Clichée's oh-famous frog of French Africans are talking to this "je ne sais quoi" silent inspiration, who loses her fortune because of "liason d'amour" serves with courage. Following this (and uninvited funny) is a fight between Neo and the followers of the 'bottle', being amazed at Erroy Flynn as an enterieur, fortunately with many mideaval weapons for decoration. For Neo ask and hellebarde, just add 2 levels and multiple images (to be deleted, thrown on bad people and like) and get 5 more meaningful, boring min. of this junk. What is left to expect? Usually the damage to the product. And "revolution" that will happen or not - of course without me.
