The Matrix's first movie was powerful character development, magic talks, and action events that continued with the flow of stories. These things - along with the wonderful effects of the day - presented a magical journey that enabled you all the time. Enter the Matrix Reloaded (and its direction, Revolutions). The problem here is not the special effects or the order of conflict as others might say; The brothers have taken well-developed characters from the first film and put them out as logs. The first connection between viewers and screenshots on the first film disappears when you realize this is not the same as the characters from the first Matrix film. In fact, Morpheus was developed as a historical character, definition and greater understanding than anyone else in the film, but here at Reloaded - we are presented by a different Morpheus who stands for trouble and holes, reduced to the liner one that contradicts the behavior we have seen in the first film. This behavior did not feel the same, and this could also be mentioned about the helpers in the film. <br /> <br /> Removal of 'Tank' was also disappointing. The participation of the Tank in the first film was very small, but played very well. In Reloaded, we find that the Tank dies after the events in the first film, and he is chosen by the stunt of Jar Jar Binks which cannot act to save his life (consider the box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes). His work left me a little chuckling around, and much of the conversation that was discussed did not have time. There was a very strong feeling that he was trying hard to convey his feelings on the screen or the script was removed; in any case, the experience was interesting! Sometimes I felt embarrassed for the actor .... It was the same as Neo's Godly persona was a suspect during the clashes. The war of the western road and the 200 clones of Agent Smith was certainly a widespread. One must ask himself, for someone who has the gifts like Neo - that even to waste his time in the fruitless battles, while considering a lot of things (especially when thinking about his ability to fly or his unscathed ability to beat the Matrix; Neo could send the clones very quickly, and more effectively. Again, such actions appear in a strictly encrypted script, and events have been created as filling to prevent us from hearing. Surprisingly, our expectations of the characters created in the first film are quickly released. Unfortunately, for those who expect more than the same - for sure you will go away to feel very disappointed. However, if you take Reloaded as your standard rate, the mill running of the mill, and the neglect of the story and the disappearance of character development from the first film, you should walk away to hear the absolute pleasure.
