I tried to remove anything that could be considered as a spoiler. I also think that you have seen the first movie or at least know the essence of the whole, so if you don't have some of these will not be meaningful. <br /> <br /> Plot: This movie hits the audience on the head and the ramblings of fatigue again and again in an attempt to get the theme. We are regularly beaten for purposeful questions, and finally, with the option, and have to endure long, misleading sessions. <br /> <br /> Neo, awakened from a dream in the last movie, now begins the identification period on its own existence. There are many revelations in this film, which I can be clear about so it won't look like the destroyers. If you are still worried about the return of the trophy will lose the movie, t the paragraph below. * The strength and weakness of faith is revealed. The strength and weakness of love, and its temporary nature, are also revealed. Human dependence and technology, and our belief in technology, are also revealed. The importance of election and experience has been revealed. Describing other revealed items will have a lot of information, so I will refuse (as guidelines for writing comments ask). Btw, for "unfolded" I mean to hit with our ears and eyes like nails. The story of the story: Why does Neo and the group find out at the end of the last movie to the beginning of the next? In short, they put faith, and serve and use many exciting and time-consuming styles as out of fashion (and after displaying this, I hope the web and the same actors will learn to understand the trick and a little more). More on the future. In order not to destroy anything, I will not say no more than the advertising material made: Neo still tries to identify Matrix, and looks at answers while trying to save mankind, and Zion, while all of the baddies follow him and his associates. The picture of the photo takes place where the last person left. Steps: While military action and guns were emerging in its original part in the same place, this film focuses more on military art than guns, adding sword, sais, etc. to combine. Specific effects are used frequently and shaken in the face of the audience that it becomes a true hold. I have been discussed with this film with friends and colleagues alike, and almost all got some mechanism of action - especially "Smith fight" we all heard it would be in the movie - being too long and stirring. This is a great red flag for fans of action, because the end of the series of steps should leave you want a little bit more, or the full perfection and the evil that has emerged. These wars do not like or do. They are over-stylized, high-top-order that is wood and uninspired. In the first movie, there was a real sense of despair for some point, the feeling that the fight was for survival, not just look good (which honestly do not think they manage in Reloaded however) in black and leather. Continue the Master Drunker or Iron Monkey after this movie to remind you of the good order of fighting is - you can't regret it. In addition, the "Matrix capacity" in which people living in Reloaded are unstable, and what they do is not consistent. The first movie had a variable to him here, but he had no strong voice - different from Reloaded. Specific effects are added on and on. Any little thing a person does, whether it's just jumping, somersault, spin, and just in many cases it just appears, it's <br /> <br /> slow, motion, or more-inserted by some sort of damage. It is obvious that W Bros had a ton of money to give us this film, and the boy threw it, without realistic. Strong editors could be helped this really, but the first movie was hit as if free administration was open, which brings us. . . Characteristics and discussion: I've already been more or less to say that the discussion was tired and full of philosophy. Employees can not bring a lot of depth to their character when the script and the direction you hit the face of the development audience, or reject it completely. The audience have never given time and substance so that they can reflect their own behavior. Acting acting acting is more difficult. Keanu is good at making a mix, and that's about all he does in this film. He makes an attempt to show interest in Neo and Trinity, but falls down. Lawrence tries to make Morpheus everything from Moses to Henry V, and to be as cold as a cat. With the script he is offered, he makes an extraordinary attempt, but also falls flat. Moss is not trusted either either. His perspective is always the same, as Keanu's, and chemistry does not exist, although in their physical instincts they become fake well. <br /> Hugo also brought his wonderful feeling of being an Agent Plan, but also suffered by the hand of the script. In fact I have seen him as the most attractive character of the group, but instead of development they only make him an excuse for a great fight. All, this movie is not despair if you had a good expectation, and for himself, as a stand-alone movie (which is not supposed to be taken), is still awesome. I see Matrix as deep, but I at least see it as a fun scifi romp that has some interesting ideas, good steps, a few funny lines, and enough restrictions to block and elusions of boiling concentrate. Reloaded fails for all these errors, and I believe that W Bros will give us a better experience in the third phase. In fact, I have no great hope left for this post.
