It seems a bit of soap, but it wasn't very interesting. Still, two or three moments. What is amazing to me is how McNicol is so much caused and very morally. He has an invalid (foot problem), but not just "bad duckling" that men refuse, but he is even a man-eating - and we should feel for him! Oh, McNicol poor little, and the problem of his foot ... Poor McNicol little! He gets from time to time, and even drives them away without talking! Sometimes she even has to deal with one night's night and write a French girl almost completely gently that it takes her time to get an erection! It makes viewers wondering why he is foot-conscious as every guy wants to hug. Yes, almost everyone; The only boy who actually prevented him after seeing his leg tied to metal is the person who handles the phone. But otherwise he seems to be doing very well with men! There is no shame, lack of success with men, and he dismisses them as a heap; The way he gave Carradine was ignorance. Poor poor girl? I don't think so. And we still have to believe that this woman has a serious problem of courage; so the area in which he prepares to start playing flute to the solo festival and somehow manages to give us information on the ground out of fear. Fear? Some films show little or nothing that shows that he has nerve problems, so this flute area is amazing and does not fit in the big picture. I was also amazed at how quickly and eagerly McNicol makes a friendship with a French woman who finds herself a married man. On the surface of the film can be seen as a "story of the feeling of the struggle of a woman with disability for acceptance" (or something like that) but not something like that; The author changes a clear transition between these types of films and "walking fingers - it's 80s" of the movie type - very confused. <br /> <br /> In addition to his foot: not as he has a big, purple oil growing on his calf muscles. He "alone" has a natural beauty that looks at the bottom of his foot, so I do not understand why film creators try to make it like a female quasimodo or something, the beginning of the film. It's not like he has a head of twins growing on his neck! Although McNicol is not the most difficult. Type of cut but no special, quite average. But is Hell a Carradine what does playing a certain type of (s) soft to play with McNicol and its pal? This man was in "Revenge of Nerds"! But I think it's the same thing with Carradines in movies like it and Kennedys in politics: no matter how bad, can't, or dumb, all doors are open to work in movies and politics, respectively. <Br /> <br /> Low and nepotism. <br /> <br /> If you want to read bogus biographies about Carradines, and other Hollywood Nepotists and morons, contact me by email.
