Another two nights on one shop from Warner Home Video and even the best of two movies is a wonderful RKO 1950 thriller "Which dangerous Loves". This is a classic memorable and great cast in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rain. Crisply photographed in Black & White and Nicholas Musuraca was firmly directed by John Farrow. "Where the Risk of Life" is a great example of the black text and it will remember every time for its stylish art that was formerly Hollywood - (See my full review). Unfortunately, none of the attributes can be used on the second movie on the disk, the TENSION of the 1949 uninvited! Written (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry this film is full of odds and impossible situations. An unknown relationship between a wise and amazing businessman - blandly played by Richard Baseheart - and his great floozy wife (visible Audrey Totter) is totally uncomfortable with the uncertainty (how the world acquired together first is the thought of anyone). Then when "undoubtedly" he visits one of his players (Lloyd Gough) our brave businessman, instead of being a pastor and on the new moon and his new fortune, he creates revenge and tries to kill Gough but in the last minute chickens. The boy is being murdered by our pharmacist immediately being sentenced to the murder of Barry Sullivan's murder (another bland operation). So who killed him? In fact, at this stage of the movie you may not care less because all have been badly beaten and supported by the Berry director. Mr. Berry has no skills to walk and can not even insert smidgen of fashion into something. There is nothing he can put in front of the camera that will keep you out! The only TENSION in this film is on the ball-ball band that has been introduced to the limit and it enters Barry Sullivan's fingers as it introduces the opening of the film. So much for it! The worst effort! This is La Vie! Good things about this Turkey is a Monochrome Document with a soft and Harry Stradling, a symbol of effectiveness and limited Andre Previn and a quick appearance to Cydse good before he got the shoes. Hey! - Maybe he could save the picture he had given us a few steps and several pirouettes! HUH? With his grace however, it is an additional structure that includes which has tractors, views and films of both films. But the disc is its unique value for RKO Mitchum classic!
