"Memoirs of Geisha" is a wonderful melodrama which looks like a camp, drag satire queen than anything to do with real people. The first half of the film continues to be defensive to geishas not prostitutes or concubines, that is typical of the traditional Japanese beauty. But more than one respiratory dance, all the movies are becoming “Pretty Baby” in the Storyville area, or at least Vashti and Esta in the story of Purim, as all the efforts of women in art and artificial are about to enjoy, much older, drunken drunkards . It is probably the Japanese culture associated with prostitution, and not just the US violence after the Second World War. <br /> <br /> Maybe it's trouble speaking in English, but Ziyi Zhang shows a little bit of a big flare she was shown in the "House of Daggers Flying (Shi mian mai fu)" and "Hero (Ying xiong)." Michelle Yeoh regularly finds its project performance point in "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (Wo hu cang long)." Li Gong only shows any real life. Otherwise, I continued to compare Charles Ludlam in various roles, or even Cillian Murphy, as in the cabin hall, especially if the plot was fought in the fight against the cat after fighting the cat. The love story of love has a matter of chemistry, especially because of the age difference, and I felt sympathetic to Ken Watanabe and I expected to pay his Hollywood premiums for a loss of respect as "Chair". wonderful. I remember the more impression of "Jennie's Photo" as a little girl growing up in Jennifer Jones to enjoy Joseph Cotton. We see early in the fact that geishas have ordinary women as photographic attractions, and as Ziyi Zhang's age-old lives in war years in a very colorful kimono operation. Finally it doesn't mean common. The score includes many of the traditional songs, and cello and Yo Yo Ma and violin and Yitzhack Pearlman instead of a traditional tool, which is good to listen to with the beautiful movies, for as long as one listens to the conspiracy and acts diligently. I lost my mind, I wondered how the Japanese Japanese directors of Samurai movies could be dealt with this story, which is probably more formal, but much more emotional.
