Robin Cook's novel "Coma" has already turned out to be a good movie success in 1978. A few years later it was on Robsell's Cook another better access to big screen treatment, but in the case of "Sphinx" almost everything that could go wrong does not go wrong. This is a horrible fear of an adventure that includes wooden displays, stupid conversation, unbelieving characters and leading to speed. The only reason facing the level of 1-out-of-10 is that the situation in Egypt provides more fixed than the story itself. It's hard to believe Franklin J. Schaffner (of "Patton" and "Api Planet") is the director behind this ambition. Egyptian Egyptian Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on vacation in Cairo while she reminds the shop of anti-supplier Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi are friends of Erica and is attracted to her passion and skills. So, she shows him a beautiful and wonderful image of Pharoah Seti I that she keeps secret in her shop. The presence of the image raises a sharp excitement in Erica, because it can provide a significant indication of the findings of Seti's grave that has been lost for a long time, a great prize as the discovery of the tomb of Tutankhamun in 1922. Before Hamdi can tell Erica again he is a murdered murderer in his shop, and Erica looking into the silence of silence as he meets his end of grisly. Fearful but interested in what he saw, Erica is trying to track the treasure. He feels he is helped by the prevention of his efforts by other parties, none of them are truly trustworthy. For one there is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), it seems a friend but maybe someone with bad worldly intentions? Then there is Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), Egypt who Erica feels some attraction but also can hide the secret of danger from her. The most serious problems of the "Sphinx" are generally out of its total uncertainty. Down can not be less lobbying as a woman Egyptologist? someone thinks he will be well educated and knowledgeable, but he uses the whole film to shout without help as a busty bimbo from a young flick. In these typical cases that he can not run from a capable woman, he does other brain items such as taking photographs of the Polaroid flash in a tomb of 4,000 years! The pieces of the plot are a heavy burden to say the least, especially that includes two revelations and crosses that can predict well. One can not even try to enjoy the film on the dumb level but of leisure entertainment, because pacing is burning significantly. What small steps can be found to be offered for a long walk. A good review of the movie declared: "Sphinx stinks!" Never has a 2-hour film closed well with two words.
