This film has nothing to do with Sphinx, and the name is just coming. The story involves a true and hidden tomb in the Valley of Kings, of King Seti I, the second of Pharaoh of the 19th Dynasty, the New Kingdom period. It is not a bad yard, and a great deal of films is done on the scene. Even the events in the influence of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor were shot there, and not on the studio. The second elements of the unit are insufficient, and they must be free in Egypt for a week. Frank Langella is very beautiful as modern Egypt. He should take it as a sideline. The film has been destroyed by one of the world's top actors, Lesley Anne Down, who leads. He uses the whole film to ask himself how he looks, his blue eyes forbid the light for the right angle, making all the desires of the post fellas, etc.. Having started life as an example at the age of ten, what hope can it be for him? He separates everything that is missing over the futility of the feminine and the less life. And think that this film was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won Oscar for 'Patton'! He allows this terrible actor to beat and make it through the film, one of the most beautiful, striking the next frirting, with the type of storm idiocy as he turns from one person to another, or screaming or making the bedroom eyes, it is not recommended. He should be a young Egyptian. But he has never gone to Egypt before! He takes a taxi to Giza and gets the first pyramid, shouting for joy: 'But they're BIG !!!' Barf! Okay, so it was a script, but she takes it to the banality too easily, giving the impression that it is her natural feature, which I don't doubt for a minute. Story stories are sounds. There is a real problem about the black market in the ancient past. True! Well done! The novel with Robin Cook, which I have not seen, may be the same for all I know. It was a pleasure to see the name of Cyril Swern as a sound record on the film, as I knew him very well in the past. Stanley Kubrick's daughter goalkeeper Kathryn is described as 'draughtswoman'. I wonder what it means? Maybe he did some work. Otherwise, the former in the film is very good, in fact. And we see lots of great Cairo Museum and many areas of the area. They actually enter the tomb of King Tutankhamun! I don't think it will be allowed today for the film. Inappropriate events are taking place in the mosque. It will not drop well today, but in 1981 those things were not on the agenda. Music for this film is terrible, worse than Lesley Anne Down for real! But there were good tracking features that were really amazing, one of the clarity of Cairo's traffic noise, which was given accurately back, and would make anyone know Cairo feel nervously. Also, the voice sounds for prayer there at all times, another touch for authenticity. Why didn't they get this right? It can be good.
