I agree with the many comments I have found written. I was looking at Seseme Street before many people who had written comments were born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when Seseme Street was established on television. The show show me numbers (Count), spelling (Muppet), and about life. I loved all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover, and Cookie Monster) and you don't really understand why they had to change. I understand that everything is changing in some way, but making Monster's Cookie on a "monster of veggie" to promote good health. The show has created new characters and monsters since the establishment, why not make a distinctive "veggie monster" that talks / discuss the benefits of eating different foods with Cookie Monster. But, behind me. I was looking at the beginning of Seseme Street, my 20-year-old daughter grew up looking at the SS with me, and we talked about Mr. Hooper dying, though he had died before his birth, with other topics on the show. I saw that part as an old child, and still remember how they showed this event, like real life. And I'm sure this hit has been caused so much as all deaths and losses affect the family. You saw this on the show and let parents and children discuss the most difficult events. This edition has referred to traditional families, families of families and families. It is one of the few exhibitions that actually discuss these events. Now I have a 5-year-old daughter who don't watch SS. I have tried to watch the show several times, but, in fact it was not. Elmo 1/2 hr and Mr. Noodle are quite ridiculous. As many people have said, it does not teach anything. It focuses on the age of 18 (perhaps), and is not even appropriate. I always joined the SS as a child, a young man, and an adult with my own child. Now for my second time to go, I've had a hard time watching SS. Topics discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new neighbors, moving away were associated with children and adults in a simple way to 2-99 years old to understand and involve. Now, there is NOT a taught, a small count, just a regular mention of the alphabet. SIN SS the same, from the original protector of the show. IF if any producers from the show will read this comment, return to show on its base. The new concept has never been trouble with SS, they just had the best way to insert it into the show.
