If you want to see a movie that is very confusing to one Latin country and any other Latin country, "Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Perú, even in its violent times, has not shown officers or soldiers as much as in this film. This showed the country as El Salvador during the Civil War. Since I am Peru who lives in Lima (the capital of Perú), it was very strange to me to see police officers here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Perú, and you want (or need) to be a taxi driver, just after the sticker with the word "taxi" on the front of your car and you can drive freely in Peru's streets (there are taxi companies but their standards are quite expensive. No need for yellow or black / white squared on your car doors. Well, the taxi in this film has a band, somethin which you never see in Perú. 3. The people of Peruvia are not Caribbean-covered clothing. For example, when a taxi driver came out, he was wearing “Guayabera” (Cuba's shirt), white hat, and 40 mustache, like Clark Gable. No one in Peruvian looks like that, please! Perú is not the Caribbean! 4. The area shows a woman on a long skirt road, like the most common perfumes in South America. Walk anywhere in Perú, and you will never find a woman dressed like this, unless you look at the usual dance. Sending can be better: I can't deny Héctor Elizondo is a good actor, but not a Latin actor (his father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and Spain is wrong. It is not a bad reputation of Spanish not its first language. There are several very good Latin actors who could do as Cardinal Sebastián. Petrus Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a bad choice for "Latin Police". It was very strange to see Elizondo and Petronius at General Rodríguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in the Spanish class, struggling with their efforts to announce Spanish. Not succeeded, of course. Guerra Casteria was the best in Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer, who announced Cardinal Sebastián, spoke Spanish also funny too. There are very good Peruvian actors, like Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (only to mention two actors among many of Peru), who would do well. 6. I agree that a false movie can surrender cities of innovation licenses or even land. But, please, when creating a name, be careful when using foreign language: The city is shown in this film you should be called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male name, and Viciente has never been used. 7. I disagree with one user, who says that this film was done in Perú areas. No single place is Peruvia, although production has been used in additional posters showing "Inca Kola", Peru soda. If not a few American movies, this should have been used in any Latin country. After all, for American producers or directors, the Latin place is similar to any Latin section. 8. In the first instance, when John (Matthew Settle) comes to Peru, he is eligible to reach the international airport in Perú: Jorge Chávez Airport (in Lima, capital). True, you believe, must be any airport in the world, but the Peruvian airport. And, in fact, in Peruvi airports there are no military or police guards. 9. When John takes place in the Peru hotel, this has a fan and, of course, does not have the weather. Please, this is not from any hotel in Perú (and other Latin countries), unless you get 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels who fight the government are ... ans Colombians! Their feeling was, of course, from Colombia. By giving them, producers should employ Peru's executives. In a few words, it would be a cheap image in Peru. I would like to continue with more examples from this film, which caused me to give "1" (bad) votes, but I fell asleep after 20 minutes from the beginning. But dear manufacturers: Not a tragedy: There are many bad movies and not a few mistakes. Let's remember "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of Crystal Skull" and Disney's incomprehensible "New Groove". The list of bad films can be forever ...
