I went to see this film and a crowd that included many of the “spiritual” types of New Age, who, contrary to me, enjoyed this film — although according to those who also knew the book (there is a book that has more than this shortage). , the movie is not quite good. Therefore, if you consider yourself to be "spiritual", believe it or at least can tolerate things like "aura" and "astral body", and do not worry about the constant use of the word "energy" outside the physics context or technology, you may be like The film, and you might enjoy the most popular book. However, if you are communicating with the physical world, if you have the ability to suspend unbelief is easily disturbed by the limitations of the New Age and the stadiums, including that you have little patience for lighting effects to highlight the warning that is happening spiritually, and maybe even expect inappropriate wooden talks for acting, then this is my suggestion to you about this movie: Stay. Remove. Do not think about it. This evening, this movie theater was moved by Dragons as the worst films I saw in the movie cinema (not counting the movies I went to see with their hopes to be bad, like Schedule 9 etc). At the same time, it raised the total of all the movies I have been up to two (D&D to be another). I did not walk on the movies, even on this, but I had to have the time when I first saw the visual image of the aura, because New Age BS continues to rise and increase since then. The plan is about a group of people who are involved in the past, in the efforts of spiritual rule and the aim of bringing people to the next stage in its reforms. Or something like that. They say the truth about these spiritual things is the next step in human evolution, which should make anyone who has even the idea of ​​despair of what human evolution is cringe. The movie is a complete shock and whoppers like that. People often use what they actually cite as "another dimension", or maybe "other birds", just to be invisible to those around them who have not come to the understanding. Beauty. Finally the director invites the audience to make it a "awareness" that builds this prophecy, slows down, perhaps so that we can catch them and leave the movie as the best, more light people. <br /> <br /> Good things about the movie? Some of the best copper, and some of the most beautiful Elizondo and de Almeida exhibitions. I can honestly say that it affects my ability to take someone seriously if they feel that this film is interesting or acceptable. The truth is the spirit of the most kind of naive, and unless that is your thing, you're better to do something else in your time and money.
