The movie offers the most interesting version of what is in this book, which I describe by doing research and examining the fact of the investigation is largely a false work. In fact, there are no old books and if the author was so anxious to be sure he would have to admit that he did not keep an eye on any books in ancient Aramaic found in Peru. These "precious" texts written as usual for the unknown, were destroyed by "true enemies" in the church and in local governments. That is strange, if every Crap New Age comes every year — hundreds of books, several movies - and the Roman Catholic church does not seem to me that hell is ready to destroy the movement that might seem like I do, crock doody. I am not a fan of the church, the intention of you, but at least the ancient writings that put their faith on the truth is the most common example of scandal artists and religious helpers claim they have seen or translate documents formerly unfortunately destroyed by "bad people" or in the case of Joseph Smith, have been sent to Heaven once translated. Therefore, the actual texts cannot be found in any museum as Smithsonian, nor the translations mentioned by experts in ancient languages ​​like Coptic or Aramaic. It's a scandal. In one sense, I am pleased with anyone with enough intelligence to come up with a great idea and make millions from them, but I couldn't do it myself, since I am not interested in misleading the public with New Agey hokum. </> <br /> From time to time, the original ancient texts appear to be far from lost for years. The Gospel of Jude, Gnostic writings, was discovered and after the discovery of carbon and the study of the scriptures, proved to be true by the experts. The Gospel of Judah was revealed as a lie near 300 CE No church documents from that time refer to any of the Celestine Ethics as true, false or anything else. We are moving towards something - this is true - but hope in the Celest Prophecy has no foundation but lies and lies, and philosophy built on a false foundation, like a fortress built on sand will fall. The harsh, rough, powerful, brutal world of Blade Runner is more likely if it will be on Horizon, than the Hipiie Conference of Utopi where all is love and peace! I tell people the truth and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if it's clean piffle, and one can make millions. Celestine's prophecy is what the world wants to hear. The worst is the castle built on sand. Don't do it wrong. I love God, the vision of Celestine was true, not just. There is no ancient philosophy at any time describing the ideas made in the Knowledge and the modern concept of spiritual evolution corresponds to biological changes. These New Agey ideas did not exist in the ancient world and do not exist until Darwininan Evolution became known. That means the ideas in the Celestine Prophecy cannot be greater than the 1800s C.E, and do not return to the B.C.E earlier or near the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This type of New Agers claims is not quite common. Wiccans say their brand of magic and magic - "old religion" returns to the stone age, when in fact no Book of Shadows has ever existed before Gerald Gardner lived in the 1900s and was the buddy of Aleister Crowley. New Age gurus says lies and claim their ideas are based on the old doctrines, when the elders could raise their sores with such perceptions that the Council today is preaching. Why do they do what they are doing, doing the same deception? Easy: there are millions of dollars to be made, and modern Guru gets power over its supporters. They compete violently and have a strong hatred for their competition despite their love for all things. Each New Age group is offensive to others. It is the struggle of your mind and your bonds. <br /> But learn one thing from me, which is equal to one of the insight, learn to follow your own nature and look at the guide from inside. That I can wholeheartedly agree.
