Disney has now made direct-video sequels in a good group of its many animation features. Two of these were done for their classic 1991, "Beauty and Animal". Well, these are not safe, since they are placed between the first film events. The first two direct films of the video was "Beauty and the Beast: Enchanted Christmas", which apparently does not like a few fans of its predecessor, but I think that often can be expected by sequels. However, this second, "The Magical World of Bella", is obviously inferior. <br /> <br /> The movie has three short stories, all that happens while Belle is in the castle, and the place is under the magical enchantress. The first is the "Word of Perfect", where the misunderstanding at the table between Belle and the Beast causes trouble, and he did not want to be the first to apologize. The following story is "Fifi Folly", where Fifi and Lumiere of the five-year anniversary come, and Lumiere is not prepared, so Belle helps her. However, Fifi finds Lumiere practicing with Belle, and she thinks they are really in love. The film ends with "Wing Broken". In this story, Belle keeps a bird and a broken wing, but the plane in the castle means trouble if the animal finds it, if it hates a bird! The description of the plot I gave was the original VHS version of the movie "Beauty and the Beast" of Disney's third. Apparently, in the DVD version, there is another story added to the "Grandmother's Grandmother's", but I have just seen the original version. However, since I doubt very much that one story would like a classic on others, I do not see a step in checking a specific version. Otherwise, the first thing I will say about "A Magical World of Belle" is that animation is 2-dimensional compared to what we used from Disney, which undoubtedly accuses many people. I did not like "Beauty and Animal: Enchanted Christmas" much like that, but certainly you can't say the same about its animation. I am sure the story in "Belle's Magic World" can attract many children (especially younger, I think), and every story has values, so they can also teach them important lessons. However, for adults, the film does not have much. I did not have any humor in it, I found that the constant conflict between Belle and the Beast was difficult, and the story was not very useful in any way (not very registered). In the "Word of Perfect", how Belle says to the Beast, "You make rude ... and stupid!" is a little cheesy, and I think there's some short time cheesy in these stories. <br /> <br /> When this movie automatically-video first came out, I was about eleven or twelve years old. I don't know what I would have thought at that time, for I had lost Disney's interest at the time, and it would be years before you got any back profits. Even when this movie was first released, I think I was going through the required age group. I have never seen "Beauty and Beast: Good Christmas" until a few months ago, but contrary to the film, I have never heard of this news until recently, I think only after seeing the first match of the Disney's 1991. Well, as I like The nature of the exhibition, I was not very lacking if I had never known the existence of this film. For young children, I am sure the "magical Belle of the World" can be very entertaining, and perhaps it is education and its values, but I do not recommend to the Disney fans.
