That's right! Less than 9 on average, but maybe less than 12 years for others! I was 11 years old when I saw this on the video and in such young people I was not able to identify the quality of the cartoon or the fact that those typical characters we grew up to love are not right or better to see. Almost everything is 2D here! Belle is, I will agree, not a good but a beautiful woman with a painted skin, wearing the same blue clothes and any other non-traditional dress, the wardrobe is saying bad, angry - ears can be bleeding if I have to hear her every day! Lumiere, in all the original and Christmas version was full of elegant, but here she is a womanizing, unfunny twit! Cogsworth, despite being a homeless person known, is a complete sh-perfect character and I would say! He always seems to be closing this hole of the trouble of trouble in this and whose face of the clock should be used to go back to the time of two unpredictable films in this series! Poor, poor Mrs Potts had never been brought by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic colleagues) but with Anne Rogers who did not receive Mrs. Potts' attitude, there was no mistake for her! Not as he did his best! When the animal screams it seems to be a fake of a horrible and clear no extra spirit, snarls or a pull of a microphone. I am aware that this is only the third feature that follows the other two films so it will certainly not be good but I am sure that more donations will not hurt Disney's profile, in fact, have succeeded the same animation styles over the years. That's right, I think, and I look at it sometimes though it's just when you go. It is difficult to make a suggestion for reading this because it depends on your age but this is not what you can expect to follow the original interesting movies! And think that on my video text on the back cover said "bragging brilliant animation"! It's a little flick but for one thing it's too poor, and for another, these 3 words should be saved for the resurrection again by nature!
