WASOJA NOTICE: There are some small vendors in this audit. Do not read more than the first paragraph if you plan to see the film. The Disney Channel now has a policy to make cargo loads and display one month at the cable center. Most of these are mediocre and drab, having a few good features but still being disappointed (`Phantom of Megaplex, '` Stepsister From Planet Weird,' 'Zenon: The 21st Century Girl'). Every time for a good time, it does something real, big (`Genius, '` The Other Me'). But once a Disney Center makes a big mistake, and it gives us a real stinker. This month (December 2000) Disney Center showed 'The Ultimate Christmas Present,' which I thought was terrible for writing poor and doing bad. It seems, `Brainiacs.com 'ran out a few days before Christmas to get a holiday fly, because the plot relates to the fingers. They paid even a feature in the TV Leader, so I thought it should be better than usual. I was in full shock. The 'Character Character' publisher has become worse than this. The plan was more than usual. I often let then slide, but here's just going too far. Matthew Tyler gets very sick of his widow's father spending a lot of time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that has taken huge loans in a careful bank to remain. From time to time, his father has to fly over the plans he makes with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way he can spend time with his father is if he becomes a boss and asks him to be at home. He gets the idea of ​​hair to create a website where children around the world can find and take the dollar to invest in a computer that his sister hides. The whole concept is full of fraud. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens his own bank account and buys most of his father's business. He is a master of secrets, but he did not reveal this to his father, but instead emerges on board meetings as a picture of cartoons through a computer. The chapter itself is very complicated (and ignorant) that it is impossible for someone to make it at home, under someone who comes as a fool like Matthew. Temporary actions, Matthew tells his father to spend a lot of time rejoicing and doing things with his children, but the federal agent shows on asking about the company of Matthew, if it's a fraud. <br /> <br /> There is so much worse here. As mentioned, the things they do here are not possible even with true knowledge, which these children do not have. The website, the cartoon picture, the computer chip, even the things they are taught at school, are too high for these children. Acting with many of the cast, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Other known faces are destroyed. Dom DeLuise has the owner of a bad bank, but its part is losing. He has one good place with Alexandra Paul (who demonstrates his ability to act) where he expresses his intentions, but no more. And Rich Rich is passed in a small role as a judge. There are even some offensive and termination of anti-Russian jokes. But the most serious enemies are a dynamic theme. These themes show in many of the Disney Channel movies, but never before that ultra-conservative message has emerged. The most common way of 'the best parent' has pushed hard, and after it opens up in the 'The Ultimate Christmas Present,' seeing again causes my feelings. Family relationships are important, but Disney should stop preaching for eternity, because work is important to maintain a strong family, too. Except for cancellation of work from work, the father was not married to the bad, but I found it hate when the grandmother told him 'I do not like what I see. 'If the worst is the idea of ​​the idea that all parents of parents should marry if they want to raise their children the same. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, when necessary for a conspiracy, there is only a loving interest for the father. This error only proves that the Disney brain does not believe the brain to avoid blowing from the bottom of the Disney script. Instead of allowing this film to teach your children how to make a big deal, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It should be better than this. Zantara mark: 1 out of 10.
