I didn't know a lot about this film before watching it, but I heard it had nothing to do with the quantum physics so I was interested. What I did not know is that this is not a story story but a group of New-Age blowhards who love the sound of their own voice talking about how little they know about the base quantum mechanics. I say it's more than a kind of Documentary than Comedy or Drama. Marlee Matlin is in the film, to give this new symposium the New Age * some kind of story. Its parts of the film feel bad and it means to show the speaker 's thoughts so we don't lose weight. Matlin has a real job as a photographer, in contrast to the New Age hippie that attacks his bed. We get to hear people who have no name cut down on what the quantum of physics all "means" to them. One bright medicine in this film was a spokesman from India (I think), but I think he demonstrated to the bad film. It seems like Barbara Eden actually allow herself and she goes on and on how quantum science has something to do with her New Age beliefs. It seems like Quark from DS9 was declining finances and also looked for a short time in the film. There is a lot of whizbang CGI we should be feeling with; The cells in the body are shown as playing jello molds, because the film writers have seen Flubber very often. People in the movie say that the Arawak people on San Salvador thought the Columbus Pinta ship was not found because the locals had never seen a ship of the clipper before, as people today have any possible way of knowing. Of course they come from all these stories and just say "Columbus ships are not visible to the American Indians." Film takes many arrogant pride. Thomas Young made an attempt to beat twice by 1805 and he saw that the light can be seen as particles at a certain time, and a wave at some point. Of course you can never * know * this by watching this stupid film because the only reference is that "atoms can be particles and waves." And that must mean that people can go through the walls, walk on the water, and never grow like they just love the stars! Then I'm sure Marlee Matlin can stop being deaf if she believes * hard. I am excited, but this film is full of lies and false beliefs that the people they take do not possess. These are New Age clans who have joined the Quantum Theory if they prove everything they believe about reflection, energy energy, the healing of the glass, etc.. If the snake-suppliers really believed that they were selling, they could not only * like to pay their money to be rather than to appear in this joke? We get to hear someone who has no name, without any attribute we know, talking in his bed in front of a fire (or TV screen) about how he builds his own life. Every time she was on the screen I wanted someone to run in and throw a pie in her face. These people find themselves WAY very seriously. Some other guy in parallel says that no one * touches * anything because there is a magnetic force to prevent quantum level. If someone had walked on the screen and hugged into the stomach, screaming "I did not touch you! I did not touch him!" The moral confirmation in the movie says that there is really "nothing like good or bad." So it seems right that Hitler destroyed millions of Jews die? Another person says that there is "nothing like love." It's just a chemical and that we don't like people, we've been wearing and running to chemicals when we are around them. I think this person makes this film as a community service to be addicted to heroin for many years. We witness the true sequence where two adults walk around the wedding reception, they see everything like RoboCop. They assess whether women are a cow, dog, or fox, and a sex chance goes to the scree. Marlee Matlin's wedding is considered to be photographed and the next day she decides to love and swim because she is beautiful and unique to snow. I liked when the film said people often find evidence for their original pregnancy ideas. Maybe in this review I see only what I want to see, but I was sure I will see these people earn money on the face, and never happened. <br /> <br /> If you have never heard any of the ideas presented on the film before, you can find interesting, but there are better sources for all the ideas here. If you want to watch a good film about Heisenberg's principle of uncertainty, go see the One who was not there. If you want to read a good book about the field of Quantum field, read Hyperspace and Michio Kaku. If you want to see a film that deals with different philosophies and thinking shows, see Life Life (though it may feel brained, itself important, and bold sometimes). For all, you should go and read the Psantology Psantology or Prometheus Rise and Robert Anton Wilson instead of wasting your time on this movie. I usually have a very difficult time to give movies from 1 to 10, but this was easy for me: 1/10 Stars. <br /> <br /> The title of the movie is real. People in this film do not know # $ *! Hands down, the worst movie I saw.
