I agree with some of the other critics of this film. I found that it was foolish (misleading) and misleading, cheating and harming (for the worse). Like others, I've got this film to be a bad mix of science "real" with pseudoscientific, New Age propaganda. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist, I was particularly troubled by the contributions of Candace Pert. Actually, I was not a fan of her before this film, but her speech on the "awareness" of the cell was one of the best examples of taking time ("insight") which means to predict many people and use it in such a distorted form to put it clear rather than elaborate. It is a mental-minded Orwellian mind-f ** k which the master himself described well in his advanced subject "Politics and English language." By mentioning "awareness" in this way - in fact, mentioning this film as "the basis of science" in general (which is its clear intent) - is to use the language in the same manner employed by Stalin when he wrote his name states "Republic Democracy "and Hitler when he called his party" the movement of Islamic workers "\ t I know enough about it to know that understanding the truth will take a lot of learning. Ah, but we Americans like to "light the brightness," and that's why this film error is trying to complete. If it is ASKED questions, it will be the same thing, but it tries to ask and answer, which no film can do just because we are away, away from the answers (if actually it is). <br /> By the way, by virtue of this film required tariffs on a "professional experts" several and the Mahishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), without mentioning JZ Knight, who often speaks in his voice "Ramtha" ". (I am always surprised by this year old 10,000-year-old Atlantean to understand the concept of 21st century and again, this film says that the past, now and the future are the same, so if Ramtha is in Atlantis 10,000 years ago , I think he could be present now and tomorrow. So, how is his financial advice so bad for his followers? Oh, I forgot, I am the creator of "good" and "bad" advice so it's all my fault, not Ramtha .) <br /> <br /> What a mess.
