Absolutely accurate. A NO interesting. This movie is completely dud. I was recommended by a very friendly friend in the "kind of thing," I watched this film and expect to be informed, modified, relocated, modified, upgraded, and other good hidden things that might happen when I see it suddenly The truth. Now this can be seen as a person who has already preceded poo-pooing anything related to metaphysical, sexual / physical boundaries of existence. I don't believe, I'm not such a man. I try to be clear about any presentation and then the same decision. <br /> <br /> In terms of content, the only thing I found to be gentle and informative, was little about peptides, emotions, addiction, and receiving phones. That is the only "link" feature that I could find in the section of this film. All parts of the document were circulating a series of topics and never found to connect and connect, try to bind and finish to the point. And what are all things about native Americans can not see the ships that Columbus entered? Who told the "authorities" in this film what happened in 1492? Where is there also? If they compared it to the scientific work that takes place in the identification of knives (a popular gorilla video, for example, visit the Labot Identification Lab at the University of Illinois website) there may be a more reasonable point of view. Here, however, it seemed like a mysterious mysterious figure. If the film: this was not one film, it was two. I saw part of an interesting document, just to hear people talking about what they were talking about (I was angry that their attributes were not presented under the screen when talking, at least at the beginning!) But I saw the “story” part of the movie with Matlin in it provocative, emerged , includes, unrelated to stupid. That's a little about the Polish wedding and the same dance was not in a little bit. It was beautiful, of concern, of sophomoric, and stupid. And I've seen the use of the word "Pollack" offensive. It seemed just out of place and wrong. What? These uses are suitable because a group member uses a pejorative word to mention a group because he is a member of the group? That might be the same to make a move, but it wasn't found to be used that way here. And in any case, I don't care what the reason is, it's my anger, the Pole. I did not call myself or mention my ethnic background as "Pollack." And I certainly do not like what others do. Can I watch or hear the conversation used that this word is used? You betcha! But again this did not seem to be the case here. It seemed just out of place. Unacceptable, not recognized. <br /> <br /> Acting was alive. Elaine Hendrix's performance did not really believe. Sometimes, it seemed like he was reading his verses that he had just given. Marlee Matlin in many places seemed to sleep to go through this whole thing. Perhaps he was overwhelmed by the material. I know I was. If he was supposed to indicate the stress caused by stress, it was not just seen. But far, the world was worse than Hendrix! All in all, I realized it was a piece of applause.
