Yes, I say. <br /> <br /> "What Bleep we know" has succeeded almost impossible - leaving a variety of stations such as "The Postman", "Dungeon Teacher", "Merlin", and so four, will drop in history as one movie The worst that I've ever seen in general. And that, women and gentlemen, is really amazing, for I have seen many bad movies. This modern movie headline consists of two interactive parts, which swap between the silly and contrived conspiracy about the painless photographer, abandoned by her husband and forced to take opponents to fight with live depressants, and a group of heads The talk goes on how the quantum physics is required to renew their new-agy pseudo-philosophy. Basically, starting your day to reflect on the meditation of Enya and Kenny G, this film is for you. If you have a sense of humor, the crowd who know fun, and a great part of the good crop, then this movie is for you too. Otherwise, stay away. Use my word for that. The first thing that hit me on "What Bleep you know" is that it seems to be planned and put together with the same type of people who marry cheap on the camera, full of pink heart effects, generated with a computer on the screen, with other suitable silliness. Who gives these people anywhere near the release of the exhibition is confidential to me. I think this is exactly what Kenny G does to you. The film was closed by GCI's cheesy, which would like to be or I can generate it on our computer via video video editing software, but it will never be, because it's just a way of ignorance. <br /> <br /> The script was _obviously_ written by someone who has no experience of writing. Not only were the perpetrators of the debate and the more of the belief, but the "authors" heard if they had to beat every piece of information, or rather than a misunderstanding, which is more than this film was all, all the way down your throat. Well, from the targeted audience, which can be very bad idea. The main character, for example, spends half the spray film. It seems, however, it was not possible to persuade, so there are at least several conversations in it, which refer to its anti-stress medication, if viewers cannot connect the pain and suffering used by a small white medicine she takes every time she feels down. Acting ... Well, I found it better to act on Ed Wood movies, and no, this is not spread. Heck, playing the little I had when I was 12 years old was more active than this. It did. The stories are interrupted here and there by the group or heads of chatting, a wonderful mix of kooky scientists, kooky doctors, and promotional concepts, and on how much physics states that they provide " The definition of "how a man or woman has built their own reality by sharing only in life experience. True, you see, it is a potential field of different possibilities, and is placed only in stone once the observer chose to see it. What happens when more than one observer does not say, but also cares. Listen to Enya, meditate, consider, and you'll be God, and no one is hurt on such romantic and stupid things like important ideas, logic, etc.. All reasons are constantly evolved if people are exposed to their ways and cannot reach the "model change" and "go down the rabbit hole". Additionally, Heidelberg's unconditional principle does not assume that it is a proof of reality, mathematics, and that. Talking about the holes of the rabbit, the example of the movie. All these people continue to talk about falling holes in rabbits. I don't know what is related to anything else that they said or show, but one thing I know is that somehow it involves sex. True, the movies are _extremely_ resist sex. In general, sex is shown as dirt, bad, and anti-shining. In any case, the heads of speaking speak, the main character achieves harmony and light for the heart painting on his body and the symbol of magic, and may walk around and watch even with ignorance in his eyes than the beginning. I want two hours of my life back. <br /> <br /> Here are a few random quotes which I have remembered to remember: <br /> <br /> "What I think if unreal has been more real to me, and that, which I was thinking real, often is a bit less real than the non-true. ”- Some talk head on the spirituality of quantum physics. What does it take for one person to have an erection? It takes only one thought. No external changes, all changes are inside. She still has erection "- Some self-declared mystic, head of her own school of lighting. <br /> <br /> [while looking at yourself in the mirror] "I hate you! fat! You're bad! I have you!" - the main character, photographer and fuel.
