It seems that the creators of this film had difficulty deciding what their message was true. Therefore, they had more problems to open. They started by describing the quantities of quantum physics related to the atomic particles. After introducing the image of the Heisenberg point of view, they presented the heads of the heads of the speakers who created the logical case of ignorance that says that every living person is a standard-based institutional standard of cosmic level. Then there was much talk about the ideas that Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins have done their work: good thinking, interfering with bad systems, always looking sharply, etc.. Then came a little bit about how our minds can change our bodies through protein production: hormones that we more or less we choose to create. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create a good protein. It's so simple, isn't it? To interact with our studies we follow the life of Amanda, a photographer who pops the fight with depressants and hates his thighs. Film workers slow down but surely they were trying to make us all say, "Hey, Amanda, cheer up!" Why can't he be happy? Obviously it is because the world is a place where BAD is where crime and poverty and religion, that's why. The conclusion of the film (which is the second half second) has brought on the protest. We are all part of the whole energy where we are not people, but collective consciousness, but we are people who can change the world, but there are many of us because of all different dimensions, but we can choose who we are, and we have a purpose to do good, but there is no god because there is nothing better than us, therefore nothing like right and wrong, therefore nothing like reward or punishment, so there is nothing good that have come from religion, but we should continue to do good yet, though nothing as bad and good because no one can decide what it is, except the fact that we each can make a good life if we all think, then crime will cease, and if we say good things, our water will hold us in good shapes. Still with me? Good because there is more. According to Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science", any attempt to reflect by John Hagelin in Washington, DC was a farce, the numbers were done, and the rate of murder was higher than that year each year or since. And what about your positive attitude that enables youth and health? This was a message given by an old man who looked at his age and a woman who was overweight. <br /> <br /> So all this work or not? I was lucky to see a film on the playground where Betsy Chasse, one of the three directors of the film (yes, three) made the questions after the show. I call myself fortunate because I had to confirm the first hand that these people do not know what they are talking about. A number of questions asked by the audience of the audience had dropped so much that her husband, Croatia, had to intervene and answer the answer. Finally I had to leave when the discussion came out of politics, and everyone, including Mrs. Chasse, began to think about how wonderful the world would be if President Bush could only see this film.
