As a physicist, I have gained an understanding of many idiot scholars, and others called experts, in the field. As I continue with my studies, I learn more and more about the actual experimental physics, and about people who do the same things. Then, my friends tell me about the "movie physics" which you want to see. I do not know anything, I am happy, hoping that information will be presented well. I have done a mechanical REAL quantum; this was not so. This movie begins with a basic concept that anything that happens on the subatomic particle can happen to you, if you open your eyes. Just think about it, just for a moment. Our bodies include somewhere near 10 ^ 30 such subatomic particles. That billion billion billion! More "effects" of just two particles can have a 50% probability of permanent cancellation. When you add more and more particles in a mixture, it becomes difficult to have a great netum effect. In order to tell us to believe that this is a legitimate concept, without a backward understanding ... it's just stupid. My friend, also in physics, and I counted 3 facts during this film. But they were presented in a more misleading way. I can't say much about the neural part of the film, since I've never had any kind of medical training. It seemed as though it might be a little more truthful to it, remembering my days in biology, but I can't say. Or at least this film had the quality of redemption: peptid play (or whatever they were actually). It is not the destruction of a precious plot that causes this film, but the main character goes to the wedding, where he sees all kinds of "running" and their peptidi *, and then the film is reduced to the dance floor, where we are beaten between people playing, sometimes surrounded by CG peptides, and a full CG area, full of peptid playing. The film, at the time, was trying to tell us just how "we are mistreated by emotions," so we are treated with a full song of smash hit, "Addicted to Love." This place was being saved, because anyone can go through the area, and still takes this film seriously ... well, that's the ones you need to "open your eyes."
