I had many problems with this film. It has basic basic information on the quantum mechanic, which is good. Although quantum physics has been around for more than 50 years, this film provides this information in a great way that seems to be saying: "Isn't it just hit by this!" Well, it's not true. This is not the destruction of the world again. At any rate, I was already aware of the quantum theory, and the fact that the particles are needed to be explained by the balance of the wave, etc. is not new. The main problem I have with this film, however, is that these people use the quantum theory as a means of giving false science and spirituality. I do not have any serious problem with spirituality, but the quantum system has nothing to do with these things, and you should be set apart. People interviewed for this film begins with the theory of theory and then make a leap to say that just by thinking about something you can change something around you, therefore we should consider it well to have a good effect on the world and make our life better. These ideas are totally stupid, and conclusions do not follow the cell due to the quantum theory. For each so-called "expert" who were interviewed for this film, there are a large number of physicians who are totally disagreeable. They could say, in fact, that the prediction of the subatomic world does not provide help with mystical ideas about our spiritual fellowship. It is sad that people will see this film and eat it up because it leaves them with a good feeling. The main purpose of the film depends on the general definition of the theory, and it is wrong in its argument as any attempt to justify the organized religion and the similarities of pseudo and science. Avoid this film. Yes. At the same time, one of the "experts" says that since history many people think about the world to be false, so the ideas we hold now about the world can also be false. Huh? That's not good at all. And even if it did, I don't see how it supports its argument. I mean, if his thoughts have been common ideas then I think we should assume that they are lying too, according to his own argument.
