I do not know anything of the author or work of the original director so I have never hated the film. According to a brief description of the plot in the Guide to Computer I thought it could be interesting. But not being able to focus was placed on the absence. Each side of the conspiracy seemed to be an excuse for more refreshment, more bright solutions, or special effects. <br /> <br /> The score was a professional and Kari Wuhrer looks like a good actor but others were more desperate. It was so beautiful. I can't go through the news but I will give you an example of what I think is an extra cloud. Chris McKenna goes to a horse alone home and pulls the frozen body of its original victim (Wendt) out of deep freezing. McKenna had killed Wendt by hitting a chunk out of his neck. He now feels that he must destroy the evidence of his involvement in the destruction of Wendt. (What should workers do, to measure their bite?) McKenna breaks the head and neck of Wendt from the refrigerator bag, takes a ax, and begins to cut the head of Wendt. Whack. Whack. Whack. Little of course is going to break into Wendt's neck. The Spirit is filled with the stored meat nuggets, which one decreases on the head of McKenna. (He takes it off when he has done it.) McKenna then takes the head out with a little fire he built. She sits upside down, squats next to it, provides a picture of the woman she just killed, and shows them the Wendt head. Remember her? We could have done it if it wasn't for you, ”says the head.“ Duke, you've been a bonus, don't you? ”He asks. Then he puts the head on the fire. > <br /> I don't want this kind of rubbish to be investigated. I'm just wondering who enjoys seeing these things. McKenna is taken and locked in the shadow of darkness. He knows that he will die by half the death of the following day. The end of his life. He gets a calendar given by a girl of pin-up on it and masturbates (success). Give the man the Medal of Freedom! was a monkey I hold the hand and wither. The discussion has lines like, "Life is a piece of *** or maybe it's the best of the whole world possible. It depends on your view." Uses are made with a broad wide lens which returns to normal surfaces on gargoyle masks. The house burns at the end of the fire when the hero, McKenna, walks toward us. <br /> <br /> Some of the heroes also, too. He first kills a person for 13,000 dollars to beat the head several times with heavy statue, then the potted plant, before finally binding the fridge on the body. (This creates a little trouble, but it is not enough to stop him from paying pay). He then kills the wife of his first victims with an accident and blames the heavies for it, though for almost any moral calculations they had nothing to do with it. Then he burns the head of the honcho (Baldwin) alive. Then, with disabilities of two small heavies, he deliberately beat them, though one of them can not be quite concerned. And we have to be rooted to McKenna. These are not cartoon deaths like those on Dirty Harry movies or bang bang and you are dead. These are slow and painful. First - the killings of $ 13,000 - have been done equally enough to match what can happen in real life. It is not so easy to kill another person, as Hitchcock showed in the planned stream. But the event causes a place of any meaning. Some people can enjoy this, especially young enough to think that pain and death are just things happening on the movie. Other hidden items on the screen here.
