This film was an attempt to go where most people do not have and perhaps should not enter. It was another attempt in an amazing situation, the head-head given us in Cell, although not as close as the depth and shown. This program has been built only by feeling for the first time. Then, as the movie takes its side "amazing", the program falls on a few feet that had to stand first. <br /> <br /> The basic idea is for the child (Chris McKenna) who needs money. He replaces the beat-up, killing the accountant of the city. Then he can not get paid for his work but instead gets tortured for several days because he wanted the idea of ​​"brilliant" to try to use a secure file that had the advantage of payment. Moving with this voice to try to force them to pay back because she is used and used permanently. He starts going things (some of the most horrible events). Then, thinking he has paid for his sins and can resume, he visits the wife (Kari Wuhrer) of the man who killed her and conquered her interests. Immediately after discovering who he was, the catastrophic strike, and retaliation through the air as a young man went after his torturers (Daniel Baldwin, George Wendt, Vernon Wells) for their original "goodness. you should ask however, what is with Kari Wuhrer and films of horror / gore? It seems everything that he has recently put in this type. In fact, I loved him in "Freaks Legged Freaks" and was similar in "Anaconda". But in spite of his loss and open (wow, he is hot!), He can do better and opt for the best tasks. Or maybe, I am wrong and that's the wrong direction. For all of you out there, you get to see "monty perfectly" in this film, though it's wonderful and short-lived. I almost felt like made a soft-porn after watching this film (something that is not foreign to Kari's job). Gender intercourse is that it makes you wonder what things are going on during the simulation. <br /> <br /> However, I'll tell you there is a good acting. Do not expect much from Daniel Balwin, whose job seems to be forever for the second to be his brother Alex. The film has given several old greats though, George Wendt (Norm from Cheers) and Vernon Wells (Commando, Weird Science). Above all, Chris McKenna works best in playing the main character, Sean Crawley. His little practical experience and still his credible nature as a ignorant boy, brings some elements of the substance into the film. <br /> <br /> I'm not going from my way to this. If you are tired and tired of the old "Hitchhiker" sessions, then I might advise to look at this. <br /> And Kari, please start working on other excellent films!
