This was a crappy movie, with a lot of useless and many enough to count. I just watched this film because one of my most famous members (Ron Livingston) did it in it, and I kept looking at it because as a girl, I would like any movie that includes male nudity for change. Later, I was surprised when I had more ignorance this story could get, and every time it got ... more ... worries. Sean Crawley (good Chris L. McKenna, who I have never seen before - but loved his unusual place) is making an end as a painter, when he meets electric lightning Duke Wayne (George Wendt from "Cheers" ). Thinking he gets more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet with contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, who plays badly). Ray is being investigated by the City's City Accountant (Ron Livingston in the cameo, whom I have had love from "Office Office" until "Gender and City"). Ray takes the Sean $ 13k donation to kill the accountant, and Sean accepts the job. Sean blows out an accountant, whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) finds himself attracted, concludes hit, and leaves - taking a file of information against Ray with him. Sean quickly learns that he was being used, that Ray never intended to pay him, and Sean uses the file as a well-earned money. <br /> <br /> Up to this point, it's a flick of an outbreak ... with a total worth looking. But just after Ray, Duke and his crew take Sean to lose information about the file from him, picked up the dumber and dumber (and still DUMBER ...), until finally it appeared as a film writer, Charlie Higson, had appeared in the hangover of the day 10 and discovered that he had a need to consider how to delete a series of aggression that did not create before the deadline or object. Not only to mention the film, let's just say in every single event that you guard after the kidnapping, you find yourself hitting "what f ** K!," Which was hit by the continued nonsense as Sean follows a transparent and general way towards redemption. In the end, many enough to leave the film, that begins to regret that you watched it. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that you should watch only after hitting the cable, and you should have enough beer and close friends to chat the film for the perfect value. It should be a psychological stimulation, and McKenna is a good actor, but it is difficult to give a film when you have a "Norm" from "Cheers" and a Baldwin brother who works in dirt, and a kidnapping strategy that really makes no sense of damage. Young people will love violence, blood and incidents of guts, and sexual events must be and boob shots. The girls will enjoy a good Sean player who was shot in an ordinary film, while almost always girls are reduced to the film. Of course, I hate that the only actor who should look beyond his looks (Ron Livingston) is just the first three of the movie.
