The eight academic elections? It's more than faith. I can only imagine it was so bad a year - even with Hollywood standards. With Huston as director and Jack Nicholson and Kathleen Turner as a guide I probably would have shouted a bait and look at this however, but Oscar's selection actually bought me, and I felt clear that cheated as a result. <br /> <br /> So is the black comedy is? Is there anyone who can tell me where humor is in Prizzi's Judgment? In fact it is not good (shot at the head of the police wife is just a combination of another comic that is considered in this life of the mafia life) but without a joke about 'Mexican cigarettes' (which I think is an old dragon to the forbidden Americans) to buy anything Cuba for the last 50 years I did not see anything of comic nature - and I tried it. There are a lot of the cliché Mafia but the cliché is not recommended humor in my book. <br /> <br /> Is it a romantic comedy of type? Never. The characters and their relationships are very strange and not clear that they are similar to Ben Afleck and Jennifer Lopez in Gigli. What is the trick of thinking about the Mafia? It's not in a million years. The plan is wonderful without sadness, and usually only feels bad movie (and cheap) of Mafia. It feels more like a cult than a identity. <br /> <br /> For one-dimensional characters and a little through humor written to them, executives are left to make dodgy accents and face pull. Well not enough; even when the face is swallowed by the man of the expression by the comic face, Jack Nicholson (likes and the very top of the mouth ... now it means to be aware of the Brando's padded flight at The Godfather? ... Oh! don't care?. .. all I know is, not funny). Choose a slow, plodding direction (this film grows for 2 hours), some non-hopeless and clichéd discussions such as; "You remember Camora? Well, we are so big, we will follow down wherever you go", and clichéd channels and you will reach this fast button before you can say "capiche?". Prizzi's honor is far from being the "masterpiece" of Huston and it is the worst work of the end. It is obvious that one job in the main line of the director should be given a cement string and dissolved on the Hudson River.
