Oh, how we have misfire here; the worst films that your mind will surprise and remove it from other items as it loses your time and values ​​of poor production; The odds of the bad type and color since D.W. Griffith mentioned the Chinese character in broken blossoms as 'yellow man'; uninformed and uninformed characters that are difficult to look at as the information that emerges faster, stupid and useless that you will ask people who say they love this film. <br /> <br> Honorable Prizzi is a film that ends up in a post-modern disaster in every way that is possible. The film is a tragic and insignificant tragedy that John Huston directs; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson are looking at each other to fill the gaps as dumb specimens or right helpers who cry on the phone now and again or bicker with the main character. Prizzi's honor is a film falling in the form of neo-black, comedy, romance, action, gangster and general crime? this twinned by its director and cast should be enough to propel through some sort of way; some kind of good sequence; some kind of mind in the form of screenplay or something else but no? what we find is a bad and bad film that didn't go around. <br /> <br /> I'll give you a few examples of how this shoddy show of the film really is. First, the film thinks it's a love story and thinks this for an hour of its time: my time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is a killer who kills people for a family he works in New York and still resembles his behavior outside One of the Animals on Cuckoo Nest than an international man. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner) who is another killer and they close but if a bad excuse for conspiracy appears, it seems all right. I read that the plot of this film is: "A hit specialist and a woman is beaten with love, only to discover that everyone is employed to kill another." Yes, it is true but the real revelation does not make up to twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson cooperates as a person with IQ's 60: around; it seems to perform performances and speak loudly about what he sees; he speaks if he has been bitten or has the biggest difficulty from inside and worse than we never get the feeling he's a murderer? one of the early murder killings (which happens on the screen) is not enough to recommend this person is tough, the best of the best, the international man. So for the main character who is good and not true, we move to the script. The first and a half hours are just the scene of the movie that has succeeded and what can be shown only live shows on poor issues: Partanna slouches around the phone or for someone who asks these things again and again: "Do I marry her? Do I love her? What is love? ”And finds it again, can't even make a good humor. This was hit in a way that was always seen on the phone for someone: a girl named Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played with John's daughter's director; which had no intention of any conspiracy and seems to be there for laughing as it was a place that he tells his father about how he slept with Partanna and love? which made me think, was this thought to be funny? Would you like to laugh it? The film felt like a successful mafia picture and its opening of the wedding (ie Godfather) and the events surrounding the touch of people like the gang, the police and the killers were brought to the film. But what we find is something very different, very different. The second hour revolves around a kind of kidnap plot; right, love and romance happens? maybe the film will begin. I was very wrong: and many characters continue to talk slowly and deliberately through monotone, we have a hijacking area involving a young man from his office: this scene shows the film. Everything is taken briefly and then implemented in a heavy and arrogant way that only makes cheesy appear. We do not see arrival on a wonderful music; maybe they should find a safe way to get elevators; maybe they should be cautious of citizens when they hide where they are chosen and when the lost woman comes out of the elevator and the gun occurs? The location is not corrected correctly. Some doubts, another game: "Do I beat or not I?"; maybe a quick motion if the character has a quick drawing before delay? nothing but how it was done. Prizzi's honor continues to be very good and not very useful in film watching as it approaches its climax. It's a film where cameras show in windows; reflective lighting on the sides of the cars and the 'dead' chauffeurs are clear when closed. Prizzi's honor is a jumbled and frightening film that will test any film-goer patients and does not say it was comedy because I didn't laugh with it? At that time it is another matter. The movie is repetitive, drawn by non-color in its vision and natural scope - no honor here.
