After seeing the MIDNIGHT OFFNINGS I still believe that the first movie of respect for witches (young people) should still be made. I didn't think a lot of news and I wasn't in CHARMED either. The only movie I enjoyed most (about the witches of youth) was the BETTER TIME (1996), and even that wasn't very good. But the change is that if you liked all the previous movies, you will also enjoy MIDNIGHT instructions. I was expecting an early 80's film about checks for young witches in high school. But I am rather surprised that this movie has all its substitute. Acting is good and powerful at all times. No joke is played by young people or something. And the color symbols, first time, I thought it was good. It added some shortages and something to 'classy', using threats and threats. But if the movie continued, I came to the conclusion that the mark was only disappointing. They did not need to add the threatening cups when you see someone lifting the car and then running faster. <br /> <br /> Then there is Melissa Sue Anderson, who was the main reason for me to see this movie. A few weeks ago, I have seen him in HAPPY BIRTHDAY for me, a lovely, very interesting, and sometimes more interesting time (which sometimes he had done the same year as MIDNIGHT MEETINGS. And I must say, he was as good as a cold winter cold Vivian. But the main trouble with the movie is: almost nothing happens! Vivian causes death and accidents, yes, but it is. Then there is Robin, a good wizard, who only learns about his ability. And we expect both of them to use their power more than once, but only one time they use their power to make pieces of wood and other things moving through the air as projectiles. That was supposed to be a war between two powerful magicians? And it's even worse, I was hoping to see amazing performances among witches at the end of the movie and at least special effects, hot eyes or whatever ... but nothing happens. There is a kind of fight at the end, but it's a great disappointment. Therefore, the act of two witches was good. The results of music were respectable (even though they were very popular). And the movie shows were dark and powerful at times. But that doesn't make a good movie yet, does it?
