As always, films about self-interest are not usually good performances. 'Download Nancy' is not different. It is allegedly based on a true story of a woman who was killed on her own request and someone she met on the Internet. The main character is Nancy (Maria Bello) married to Albert (Rufus Sewell). Albert is a successful software developer who has created a golf game in which his company has successfully linked to various bars and bar / restaurants. Unlike most people, Albert has no good reputation (except for his ability to succeed in the business world). In all the film, Albert has a negative view and pain on his face. You have no compassion for his wife for all his emotional problems and stations. When his wife asks for sex, she gives him a penalty for ignoring her pregnancy instead. <br /> <br /> Nancy is the same mark as a character. Not only had he married a 15-year-old unhappy marriage but he was treated by his uncle when he grew up (with no flashbacks of the story behind in the film). His hatred takes the form of self-repair and the result, he has to get treatment. However, he has such contempt for his professional that there is no development that can be made. Finally, Nancy is so frustrated that she communicates with Louis on the Internet. She is a type of sadomasochistic, who has sex with women for money while having a large amount of boot pain. It has been revealed that Louis has two children but they no longer see (the mother of the children did not want anything to do with him). Nancy's plan is the first to have a beautiful sex with Louis and then kill him. There is an unpleasant area where Louis is having sex with Nancy when she loses her vagina and a broken piece. These events are shown as a flashbacks after Louis paid a visit to Albert who joined him and was hit by a golf club. It seems that Louis has a double plan to see Albert: 1) advocate for his treatment of Nancy and 2) enjoy the beat he receives. It takes a while before Louis will bring Nancy's fate? First, he obliges Albert to give him a permit to take his dog to the family so that someone can care for the future. Finally, Nancy was finally the last time that Louis had finished sparking death (but he showed the first hesitation when he made it clear that he had 'feeling' to him). Recently we learn that Louis is imprisoned for Nancy's murder. What exactly do we remove from the film as downloading Nancy? What? Should we feel compassion for victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? Is this the main thing of the film? What? Compassion for Nancy is really correct? I don't think so. The filmmakers create a man of the leaves in Albert's character? A person who has been cut off by her feeling that she is responsible for the decline of Nancy. But do people are one-dimensional in real life? I don't think. They have Louis, someone who makes life to hurt pain, come and accuse Albert for refusing Nancy. In addition, his words of love towards Nancy (before killing him), should show 'lighter side'. At the end, it is less useful if film makers have explained where their worries are sleeping with different characters in the film. They have loved to beat their listeners and incidents of brutality, that downloading Nancy becomes anything more than an unpleasant and smooth exercise.
