There is nothing originally on this unified story of corruption on one side and "chief advocate" on the other. A wonderful but unsurpassed lighting and photography comes from the outer circle of color. The story would have been easy from Warner Brothers and George Raft in leading. Exhibitions are common, flat patterns, and even a set of exercises set. (The sea is shown by a single brick made of a brick made. It has one poster on it. The view says, "Publish Below.") We are told by stories and some of the characters and an amazing writer who tells us that, when many trade unions work diligently and honestly develop the reasons for their members, few are corrupt. But we don't know a lot about trade unions or how they work, although I think they were a good game after the success of "On Water River" a few years ago. Here they are just a hanging field. The real leader of the ring is the evicted lawyer who runs things through three or four booths. District attorney (or whatever he sees) learns, as Dana Andrews did in "Boomerang," that a bad man (Dick Foran) is charged with murder and uses all the film around himself, finding Foran's evidence of guilt. He gets fist and fights out like any private private eye. Brian Keith is D.A. She has been shown talent shows elsewhere, but here she spends a lot of time speaking quietly and looking at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a good rummy but can not make a good drunk. Beverley Garland is similar but undermined by the direction, which has gawking her at nightclub when she should be strong. Required for casting would be suitable for TV series. And no one is supported by text. When the "girl B" is about to be sent by a group of unity to the Philippians, someone advises that she only needs to learn a few words of Spanish. "I know only one word," he says, "not. Yes." The authors did not trust the audience to know that "not" in Spanish means "yes." This plan is bad and you have holes in it. Keith visits a witness in his flat on a nightclub. He enters the door and he has a gun being shot behind him, but it blows hard and takes him out. Then the command of the man to call the police. Some of the event, they played for a long time on the bottom of the nightclub, forgot all about the police and have never been shown, nor are they expected by anyone. It is not something amazing, and some people can enjoy it, but there are things like that, it's done well, somewhere else.
