The 1903 video of Edwin Porter with the title "The Great Train of the Train" climbs on the screen with excitement and courage that a person prepares to be beaten with another early film. Like Melies "The Moon Journey", critics have defended this as a film that introduced western forms in modern movies. With my eyes, they were right. It had everything from the settings, the shadow of the train, the massacre of unwanted civilians, and the last place that makes you understand that these criminals mean business? it was all great in its time. From here to Eastwood, every western filmmaker has used a Porter image in some way or another to create their own story. One cannot say that this film did not open the door, but the struggle comes from the story itself. That kind was explained by Porter, but out of its original excitement? there's really nothing to enter. Perhaps I am jaded for a western cliché modern and their haphazard message, but something could be a cliché before the cliché? For me, "The Great Train of Trains" seemed to be forced, unacceptable, and powerless. <br /> <br /> Unlike Mia, Porter tells a story story. Merchants change car training, steal, and shoot for people who are not just interested to prove that they are real criminals, and the last area ends like any film produced, without any surprise or glitches, and that person coming with your gun proverbial. It's bland. Porter film is boring. In the version I looked at, there was a possibility of colors near the end to emphasize the impression, which felt cheaper and did not encourage the filmmaker, or viewer. The issue remains when it is important, the Porter film has been repeated over and over again, has a reduced effect. The story itself does not carry the emotional power that once has. Unlike the early Melies film, I can look again. I know what happened, I know there is so much from the back of events, and that what is just what has put it? A simple story leading from point A to point B to step C. This issue is not just my gripe with this film, but also the most powerful feature to see in this original film. Was time limited, the fact that you told such a powerful statement? that our characters were characters and interested and gives, it was better to see. In the era of nonfiction films seemed to be full, this broke the mold. Again, is it not that I am coming to the bandwagon of prophecy about this film? is an important film? not just a good film. Overall, I was willing to fly on this film to see where the roots of the western species were planted, but I was also happy to leave this film back. Porter is a talented director, and G.M. Anderson definitely continued to be very successful in the field created, but I was not afraid of the film. I had no anticipation of the serious consequences of the budget as the work of the Mountains, nor did I expect duplicate of the "Journey of the Moon", but I wanted to see the same creation, exploration, and nature. I heard Porter put it safe, if it had the original film, but I couldn't hear the excitement if our criminals did their evil deeds. I had no roots for anyone, and the last conclusion proved that his kitschy-ness had taken a minute after the movie began. It was a pioneer, but it is not important. "Highway Train" has lost its space in the movie's capsule .................
