The Cartoon Network appears to be curious for testing. Starting with the cancellation of the Samurai Jack, the web seemed to be sunbentini on removing all the performances that made it very popular, such as Powerpuff Girls, the Dexter Lab, Dragonball Z, etc. When testing began to decline, CN began to set some pretty little shows. Although the Drama / Action and Chowder Island has come out because of their crafty writing and audience, there are a lot of exhibitions that can be frightening (George's Jungle) or other other barriers to other exhibitions, such as the Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack , where the head attitude makes like SpongeBob, and then there is a Johnny quiz, which is something of the replacement of the Dexter Laboratory, though it is much more strangled than anything. <br /> <br /> The show of the show is clear from the Dexter Lab, at this time only the focus is on Johnny, a blonde character (or fire-haired) who abuses his twin sisters, Susan and Mary, who just HAPPEN look like Dexter, from orange hair, up to glasses, impossible technology. There is even a rival expert called Bling Bling Boy or Eugene, who seems to be seated with Mandark. Then there is a Dookie, a friend of Johnny and a chat dog, one of Dexter ... I mean, the initial experiment of Susan and Mary. The Dexter Laboratory was perhaps one of the best cartoons on television, and simple, but the artistic style of art, the main character of love, and the intervals that do not seem to be a long drag. Johnny's attempt is very different. The art style here is not close to the eyes. In fact, it seems to be so bad. The characters have incentives that make them angry or misleading. Like many series of sessions that include Johnny's and Dookie's efforts to the girl's neighbor Sissy, who Johnny loves to secretly, or a shortage of twins on a young boy. If you see these two skills in front of the abs and the fact that Johnny seems to be the person you would never join, there is no real relationship between the viewer and the characters. The one thing in the wrong use of his name is that Johnny is the pig of Susan and Mary of Guinea for their experiments. These differ from converting Johnny's oil, bad, worries, and even in the woman. Twins then help Johnny in any plan he plans to return to his services. Whenever there is a section that deals with this "win / win" program, it happens without meditation when it appears and those who have never been in the rails can never end up satisfied. <br /> <br /> Writing settings from mediocre for fear, however. The 'fat' section repeats frequently "It's Phat and PH. There are different, you know." which is a line that should not be repeated again, especially when the part appears to strengthen the child's obesity, and Johnny become a popular star with money and videogames just to be fat. Let's talk about how this show does not 'T completely cut the Dexter Lab. The show insses in many characters, from the Two-Blacks called Mr. Black and Mr. White, the head of the military who seems to need all his problems solved through Johnny and his sisters, and the LOTS of super villains, though even here, show again leads to ideas for other sources, like Mr. Freeze the young clone, cat cats bad and the pastor who wants the cat to rule over the man (like evil cats talking from Powerpuff Girls), bumbling maniac mastermind, trio of evil dudes and even the Mole man, which it may be more journalists in the media. <br /> <br /> To get rid of all of them, with their bad animation and unrelated characters, the sound of the adoption (like the voice of Mr. Black and Mr. White) to only split (Johnny, Dookie, and almost every villain in show). The theme song seems to be the only thing that is very interesting on this show, but then it only redone only a few events with a band that destroyed it. <br /> <br /> So the last, Johnny Test is not a good cartoon. His horrible references and jokes about the culture of young people will undermine the interest of young children in the show, while the color of the paint, the color of the expulsion, and the drawings will undermine the experience of young people. It is just one of the exhibitions that Cartoon Web promotes more to convince people to watch it (like MTV towards rap). If you need to show which will satisfy your children for half an hour, you would like to hold Spongebob, because Johnny's attempt is more than a "test" of patience than anything else.
