If you can feel my rating and my head of this review that I don't like Johnny's experiment. Now I think I know what people will say, "How do you know it is bad? Have you ever watched it?", I watched this period several times because I am learning the film and animation and this is not just 't hold the candle to my standards. I want to first talk about animation because it is one of the most confused things I have ever seen. If the first first season or first season was attracted to the hand. I thought it was a good show to watch when it was hand drawn but then switched to flash animation and quality declined significantly. It is one strike in my eyes but lets look at the story of the show. It tries a very difficult way to become a Dexter lab but there is a difference because instead of one scientist who has a red color there are both and both are female. There is a dog to talk (why?), And the parents' view changes. I have others but I think I can write here (I don't mean to swear but I mean I don't know if there is a limit of words.). Everything else though it appears, even the DeeDee character of Johnny himself. It tries to be a Dexter but it seems to me like a heartless knockoff. <br /> <br /> Last I want to talk about joke. Remember in the lab Dexters some of the joke emerging? Yes, shouting can be good for a joke or two but Dexter's label also had good words that made me come back and look for joke. Johnny's test is all of this and you ask 50% of the time and leave music at any time when stupid stupidity or one liner appears. That's not fun, it's a stupid fool (I know other people think. Isn't it a stupid comics not three? Look at that and Johnny's attempt to go back and laugh more at the first option.). Sometimes jokes depend on the strange situation which, like Chowder, makes me mad. I have a code for cartoons and comedies together: Very strangely inappropriate comedy, makes you think just “what am I looking for?”. <br /> <br /> So comes to all accounts. Don't look at this show if you have respect for comedy in any way, shape, or form.
