There is no reason to take this big document and there are four reasons to be: <br /> 1) People who have made this document (including the director and producer) are Serbs or Serbian originals, therefore non-compliance and failure criteria. For example, they explained that the Islamic Croats (called "Ustasi") played a major role in the collapse of Yugoslavia, but did not say that there are similar Serbian organizations (Cetniks)! For you who are not known by the history of the Balkans WW2: Serbian called "Cetniks" which were displayed in the document as well as the good that helped the British paratroops during the war. Well, that's only half of the truth. They were also a fascist group (Monarch) collaborating with the Germans, but then it became a side when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also surprising that they will not mention Cetnik Mihajlovic leader in the document, a person responsible for the murder of thousands of people and burn hundreds of villages around Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned some Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... Let me be a little suspicious. Most of the people interviewed are me completely unknown. And I have learned this war for a long time (who is an old British woman! Surely she had not done homework!) And even given a name, so they could have more or less that anyone, maybe someone who took from the street. Who knows. 3) In their letter they say about Kosovo and how Serbs have lived there for many years, and therefore it must be of Serbia (even if few). Well, when they say the Croatian-led part of Croatia (Krajina) suddenly Serbs are shown as they have the right to live there because it has been their home for a long time. Good, but people who do not know it is that the largest city in Krajina (Knin) has a great historical significance for the people of Croatia. It was where one of the history of the famous Croatian kings (Zvonimir) was the crown, and therefore the city has historic value for Croatia. Serbs arrived about 800 years or later! But no, Serbs should be Krajina and Kosovo according to the document. Is that right? To me it seems like double standards of ethics from the director. In addition, it is stated in the document that the Croatian constitution did not have any rules on minor rights, this is false because it was one of the first rules to be implemented because of Croatia had a large number of Serbian. > <br /> 4) The film describes a great Croatian leader named Glavas. Or Islamic Muslims. They said it was the main reason for the worst development of war. Yes, they were radicals, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not also mention the radical Serbian military leaders like Seselj and Arkan? The right is so many that I have presented only a few, so that people have an overview of the document. It seems that people who made this document were not well prepared and did not have guts to blame the Serbs because they feared that their Serbian family would beat them or something. This is not a lot of literature out there that has quality, but better so far is "Yugoslavia Death" where all the participants of the war are being interviewed (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic etc.) and where full 5-hour information The collapse of Yugoslavia and war. Something else. I saw an opinion on this document where a person was worried about why the United States offered support to the country (Bosnia) with Bin Laden during the war. Well, first of all, all the countries involved in this war had national presidents and because the Bosnian Muslims did not have a traditional tribal culture (before being called "Croates Muslims") had to rely on something else rather than the spirit of the spirit among the people, and that was by connecting to the only thing they had together: their religion. And they took help from Mujahedin because no one else helped them. They had to fight 4: th the largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Classification is the best way to connect people during the war. History has shown us that.
