First of all, I apologize in English. Everybody from the old Yugoslavia who is not a fierce Serbian will agree with me. This movie, shows the side of Serbia, and only Serbia side. No Serbian crimes were represented. Luckily, everyone can see that this film was made by the Asashami, so there is no exception. All 'experts'' who are interviewed are not experts at all. Another boy just read a book from a great Serbian book, and another is a traditional genetic debt. Even the Slovenian people were charged in this film. And all the wars in Slovenia were for a few days, and only because Slovenia had luck. There were many Serbs in Slovenia, and YNA could not reach Slovenia along Croatia. after the Croatian-Serbia war began. Each Slovenian is offended by all charges in this film. Each wise Croat will agree with one thing: Freedom was too early. Perhaps all major conflicts can be avoided. However, mentioning WWII and other unrelated items was not really an attempt to justify everything. Imagine Japan giving us a nuclear bomb at Seattle and Washington, saying that it was correct with Hiroshima and Nagasaki. You will not find any evidence of the YNA soldiers who were beaten, and killed the Serbian citizens near Vukovar. But you can find the tape and the author doing that his claim on the Serbian citizens near Vukovar were false. On the Internet. And the director forgot to mention all the bombings of Vukovar and YNA (now on the Serbian side and Montenegro-and 100% of Serbs and Montenegro full) And let's start with the Chetnik movement. At first, it was only the opposition movement. But the director somehow forgot to mention collaboration with the Nazis, including Ustashe, ethnic cleansing, and fighting with Yugoslavia allies. There are thousands of other things, but all can explore easily. There are many distortions in this film. It's just a few real charges. Each Croatian is represented by this film. I believe that I do not need to mention the refusal of the Srebrenica genocide, the genocide of the genocide. Consider the film about refusing to sacrifice. This movie is the same. And according to the Bosnian Muslims in Sarajevo they bombed themselves. All Bosnian Muslims are angry with this film. Some director forgot to wait for a short work of a small piece of Macedonian land (FYROM) and Serbs. Croatia, Slovenia, Bosnia, and Macedonia did not enter the borders of Serbia. If you are not Serbian and you have started to believe certain things from this film, you know that Serbs has a form of propaganda which Croats, Muslims of Bosnia and Macedonia are actually Serbs who have created their history. So ... 50% will say that this film is '' less '' strong and pro-Serbian. And the Serbian people are very happy, they are very happy with this film (there are about 40% Serbs voting for radicals). I think everyone understands my points here. In this so-called document is a very small fact, and my advice to everyone is: Beware of yourself before watching this film. After that, you will only laugh all the interesting charges. See the actual, non-particular documents about Yugoslavia's death.
