This is a very easy car Presley ever, which can bring us closer to the worst-made film. When it is even worse than the song of "The Last Happy" at the end of "It Happened During the Right of the World", and here I thought when Elvis buys all the sellers of the seller for his girlfriend, and then the balloon seller gets jiggy to the demonstration band was it's part of bad movies and couldn't get in. I often enjoy Elvis if it is not for other reasons but records when we were not guilty of staying that way. This, however, must be called "Living a little, You Want You Never Die", and makes "Stay Away Joe" look like Olivier playing Othello. Here, Elvis plays Greg, who is essentially a free photographer of hippie except for a haircut. After an exciting driving day in the morning, she lives on the beach where she is taken by a woman whose name changes according to the area and who speaks to her. Obviously Michele Carey was chosen for her similarity with the ability to impress Elizabeth Taylor (if I looked at this without my glasses, I would think it was late in the 1960s Liz playing female leadership). He builds his dog on Elvis until he gets into the water and catchs the pneumonia of a simple film, then he puts doped on insight into his beach pad for a long time loses his job and his house to go into his house before he can activate it without even tell him (the audience do not know about it, until Elvis tries to return to work with his boss tied to him for any reason unless he deserves to make this film, and he tries to go home and find some hate woman in his home) <br / > <br /> Instead of catching him by squirting, larceny and attack, he goes to get two jobs to pay back the Miss Crazy trousers went up while saving all his items. One Job works for Don Porter in the Playboy newspaper, two jobs are up to work with Rudy Vallee in a snobby fashion magazine. I think shuffling of two tasks should be comedy, very bad not a little bit funny, unless you would laugh when 100 you saw someone run up and down in quick motion for silly music. The biggest obstacle that stops Greg's fall for robbing man is his other love, Dick Sargent accuses (see, Porter or Vallee, even given their 1968 years old, would make many reliable competitors for Miss Crazy interests). There are many unwanted and unwanted types and it turns out, I kept waiting for anything, whatever happens that makes all this wise. Never done. A total of approximately three minutes and includes Elvis's "Few Talks" translation (which I can listen to on CD without this movie that has been sent to me) and a second second second where Elvis climbs the bed and Crazy Pants seems to overlap so it comes to pieces pieces while climbing on it. That is, the people, the beat-up, just laugh in this film. No amount of sixty-year clothing, music, or decoration can save this beauty salon and should be avoided at all costs. Looking at this can lust a strange desire for viewers towards the self-indulgence of physical effects.
