No rejection of the first Azumi film was commercial products; it was a revision of the popular manga and was sent by the small, attractive, and certainly not in the budget department. However it is more than acceptable for what was, and I can't deny that I was very happy. The "Azumi 2" does not exist on everything that has made it natural. The first thing to keep alarm bells is the absence of Ryuhei Kitamura good in abundance. And he, he seemed to take not only his own visual flair and kinetics, but natural style, beauty and most importantly, his heart. At first he had a conspicuous "hitlist", this has a pig pig story, and many dirty characters are beaten backwards often the possibility of any mercy or pathos is lost. Gone is an effective partnership between leading characters; Azumi and its partners are often reduced by a group of stroppy youth speaking in the forest. Character is not present; if the man who is watching cares for the living and dying, I will blame myself. The situation applies to criminals here. The last battle - in fact all wars - do not have any kind of tension. The fact that they do not have choreographed and abysmally directed - not to mention a few and far between - is done sideline with their own uncertainties. The criminals themselves are struggling to become a few, and even if they were all together, they do not have within the country's antique Petrus Burnsian country's Jo Odagiri in the original. <br /> <br /> ## ## Great Spoiler at the end of the paragraph! ##### Neighborhood Ueto is trying her best she must say, and she also could put her hair in good condition between the film. Azumi is now fully killed, because he can walk around his sword near a slow motion; Unfortunately, the character is now incorporated by the type of Person with the secret of the name of the Name, the example of Ueto seems to be worse. I know this is supposed to be something, but this with each other's effectiveness in the film, the ignorance of the plot and the general lack of the film generally means that it is impossible to get back to its behavior at this time. Few said about Chiaki "Remember me from Kill Bill" Performance of Kuriyama is the best; It is enough to tell "turn" from good to evil is on the trick like napalm. Overall, this was just a great disappointment. Any explanation is that it has been done ten times better in the first film. Lazy, can not be exciting - and generally bothers - aggressive.
