The day has come to me to witness the progress of Azumi as a murderer, the success of his character and the ultimate attempt to draw me more into the world he used in a sympathetic way during the first saga. It is a poem if I will be able to find time to talk about Azumi 2: Death or Love, because when I was being taken on the great sense of the Flying Daggers House and complained about the reliability of the Ueto Reality with blood, after looking at Azumi 2 I began to understand the earlier points of the past than before. It is not just that every killer's decision feels lazy and uninspiring but also many important elements are given from all experience. In Azumi 1 we saw murderers use a variety of ignorance techniques (which is a priority of their number) as well as logic to make the simple task of their score and quick killings and quicker escape. But I can't hold it against this very film since the story was put in place at this time and many obstacles have been planted in Azumi way to prevent him from reaching the warrior and showing any sign of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is the folly of the shadow for the most part of the film and is essentially playing on the bottom of Go Go, under the good weapon and a sense of danger. This brings me the end of the blow which is a step, just hide in the head as 'Death' on the epic side. In the first half of the film we see the first of the most promising enemies and looks for flashy and even firearms. To the surprise of anyone facing their end in one way or another but the film decreases when each of them starts to die very quickly and very easily. In Azumi 1, the young murderers were more powerful than the opposition and the fastest but relatively satisfactory and final end between Azumi and Bijomaru in comparison to the war in Azumi 2 was at least climaxed with value. Some interesting impacts were initiated but they could not achieve innovation due to the lack of every encounter. It is not in any way to hit the usual style of Samurai films for their quick and real war but all actors in Azumi films were so thinking and directly from the anime that the law would have been broken and the action would have been further developed. Azumi's love is to fill the time between fighting and unfortunately eventually it does not work and will not give the necessary resolution. <br /> <br /> As a fan and an open mind for a variety of movies and animations, I cannot lie and I will admit that I was unwilling and unacceptable to the first Azumi film, but I will stand up and say that after watching Azumi 2 , it was originally made to appear as a brilliant jewel. Why it is important, Azumi 2: Death or Love could go straight to the video, and its unapproachable budget and the possibility of increasing or even extending the guns of desperate killers, doing a good job of restoring peace, as well as powerless death to try.
