I thought the movie (especially plot) requires a lot of work. The film features remain in the west and are not true for an attempt to try to produce east feel in the film. I will give you three in many of the movie: <br /> <br /> First, when Shen told Wendy that he would help him learn history of China, I was so happy that the audience would find some information about Chinese history; but it turns out that the film does not emphasize Wendy to learn Chinese history; but instead, the movie shows only Wendy doing a way of remembering what he learned, which had prompted and distressed me. The second, which has misled me, is how the characters are mentioned about the new cakes - the moon eats this bread and the moon that is very good. However, they did not mention the true importance. They just talked about having any meaning for the new cake was the Autumn Festival, which they did not explain or go in detail. They could mention a story that relates to the moon cake - Lady Moon. The story begins with how there is once a ten-day sun and each one could move around the plant, but one day every ten days went away, drying the ground with hot heat; so Archer Divine, Hou Yi, shot of nine one-ten sunny, leaving one sun (there are different versions where Hou Yi lead eight out of nine sun). Because of his heroic contribution, he was given an immortal pillow so that he could live forever if the ten-day cases would rise again, but his wife, Chang-O stole. After stealing, he ran to the moon, where he met the rabbit. Then he came on the idea and told the rabbit to blow the pill into a large piece to spread the pill around the world, giving everyone to immortality. (There is a small variation of this story but during my childhood, I, many times, have heard about this version). I thought the details like this could make more than a Chinese cultural plot. The last thing I will show is the last movie battle. Teachers who had members of the Terra-cotta Warriors (sculptures of the soldier soldiers) opposed the idea of ​​how Chinese history is important to Chinese. The Battle of Terra-cotta is used as an old Chinese connection and it was very west (where evil must be killed in any way possible) that members of the cinema were ready to destroy the relationship. It is understandable if Wendy, considering him is Chinese-American and has no complete Chinese skills, had no problem destroying these precious residues. <br /> <br /> The whole movie was west because it seemed to be all monks and Shen want to make it fight ... I mean, it is rated TVPG due to violence, which faces Confucius thinking of cooperation and harmony. It seems more appropriate that members are trying to avoid violence and try to work out peacefully before fighting for violence. All of them, both or the producers, the author, or the director did not do their research efficiently and did the wrong and unsuspecting work. I would advise you to stop this movie or that they repeat the movie so it has more accurate information; however, I would like to give credit (2 stars) to remove one of the Asian and Asian-Americans to be smart and quiet.
