I realize that living in the Western Valley of Wyoming during the 1900s was brutal, in fact, perhaps still brutal today, but it was high enough to change the "movie-to-TV" movie? Also, women's rights were still coming into this nation at this time, to find a free woman who chooses to clean up in this harsh area, and still shows the reality of the era? would make it look good? Indeed, I don't know. I have thought about this film for the past two days, and I still can't seem to be able to say it was a horrible film, but I can tell you the truth that I have never seen it. From several styles of hodgepodge to act, for two actors who do not match play without emotional behavior, for some of the most exciting PG events that occurred 70 years later, it is difficult to get fully on Heartland. Was it good? Is it bad? That may be up to you to see and decide for yourself, but so far, here is the time I was so excited and hated! <br /> <br /> This video continues to be difficult in my mind because there were very interesting events. Exhibitions where I did not know what the director was doing or what he had gone, but somehow still seemed to work well in general. I thought the whole story was very interesting, historical story. I don't know much about living in Wyoming, especially during the early 1900s, so this film was photographed in my mind. Think of too cold, no neighbors for miles over miles, and this Polaroid Chapter is not considered by the corporate America. It was a pleasure to preach and breathe experience (though television). There were incidents that occurred in my mind, like a veterinary area, a swimming area, and a sad house that could not survive their journey, which brought real sense to this story. Director Richard Pearce did a great job of bringing Wyoming's view to the audience, but I don't know he brought honorable players to accompany the view. <br /> <br /> When I thank all the scenery of this film, I had trouble dealing with executives who seem to walk on the set and read their line from the card on the side. Rip Torn seemed to be active in his position as Clyde Stewart, a lonely who somehow sees relationships with Elinore Randall Conchata Ferrell. The two actors do not have chemistry at all. Their incidents that are collaborating will not be meaningful and have no credibility. The gestation area was with me for stitches because of these "old" actors expressed. The brave Elinore does what she needs to do to give the baby, while Clyde gives a nod to authorize when it is done. This is love? Was it necessary to be love? I don't know, I think for powerful characters we can see a solid bond, but for Torn and Ferrell, we felt like two actors just play their part. Other events that seemed only to fight my mind were as when the frozen horses “dreamed” at the door of food or lodging, the growing mercy and growth that Clyde had for Elinore's daughter (I just did not believe), the lack of real cold struggle , and the entire land area. The land area especially because I needed more clarity on what Elinore was doing, why was he doing it, and why Clyde would build a house if they were married! It was these simple events that if taken to explore, it would have made a powerful film. Overall, I will go to the middle of the road with this feature. There were obvious features that should be further investigated, such as the relationship between these two visitors and the final transfer of Elinore, but they were counted by the positive events of our nation. These panoramic events which, for 100 years, have changed from large mountains to many sticks. While there was a priority of authenticity (stars and pigs), I felt just like we needed more. Testing was an important element in this film, which was covered with low acting and narrative stories. Pearce may have more pigeons in this unprecedented world, but instead comes from the open corners and Western characters. Ferrell took himself, but the fabric was completely sent. Good to watch, but not taken by me. <br /> <br /> Bridge: ** out of *****
