Sleuth Joseph L. Mankiewicz did not need to fix it. It is a very well-made film that stands well until this day. However, since the modern remake machine is now quite progressive; In fact I can't say I am surprised to see the film has been updated to modern audiences. This program is similar to the original film and its foundation we have a story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who goes to see an old man, Andrew Wyke, to talk about divorce if a young person relates to an old wife. From there, the game of cat and mouse comes. His open right from the outset that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film and is doing it through the central location, which has been transformed from the home of the most interesting of the original and kite technical outdoor art and hardware security. I am glad that the director chose to make these changes if no one wants to see a remake which copy directly to the original; with there is the fact that the area is well used and always good looking. Unfortunately, however, the best features of Sleuth 2007 are going there. <br /> <br /> The original movie was more than two hours, while this remake is just shade over eight minutes. Usually, therefore, that means this version is limited to it; and unfortunately they are suffering. This program also runs and we are getting into the first problem in the story very quickly and before we are given any chance to understand why and how these events can happen. The film does not create characters, or the relationship between them, enough to ensure that their relationship is meaningful. One great thing that has changed over the old character is its hardness; in the past he was considered by games that appear to be very important once it happens. Here she has some kind of security fetish that has no meaning at all. Kenneth Branagh's filming allows a classy class but the class ends there. Originally made, but this film is only happy with the soil itself and many events, and often not accepted; which reduces something around. From the end in the story it is very different from the original way and ensures that the film spreads to the true conclusion of the cover. After spending two hours with the nature I understood, being respected and loved all the characters presented in the film - after eight minutes of this, I hated both. I have respect for Branagh for not only to stimulate the carbon copy of the original film; but this is not a good performance to play with the great copper of Anthony Shaffer.
