Harold Pinter rewrites the story of Anthony Schaeffer about a man who is going to visit her husband's husband and have everything to go away. The original film showed star Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine. Caine has the role of Olivier in this edition and is connected with Jude Law. Here the film is headed by Kenneth Branaugh. <br /> <br /> Acting is amazing. Caine and Law are pastoralists in their roles. I really love chemistry and confusion of creation. It's amazing and enough to watch when the direction of the script goes to haywire. Harold Pinter's talk is bright and bright and very often and I understand why it was chosen to re-play (which is updated to make use of surveillance cameras and so on). The problem is that the script causes the characters around is bad. Michale Caine walks the Law through its unusual modern house with sliding doors and panels because there is no good quality. Discussions occur frequently in different areas. I know Pinter has done so in his games, but in this case it becomes a stimulating. Why do we need to have these pairs to go further and again on the fact that the Law is sleeping with Caine's wife? It will be okay if at some time the Law has said we have done this, but he does not act like it is always the first time. Script also does not argue Caine through the deception of all law properly. Start with him angry anger to start so they have no chance to surround us and fear us. (Do not think at the end of the revelation of the game you are wondering why he bothered you) In the beginning we did not see what happened. here we do and when it gives too much sense somehow feel false since it is very clear we have to ask why the Lawmakers do not seem to have been established. There are a few other cases but say more would give away too far. <br /> <br /> Thinking about the film in the revolution I think his film of lost and wrong opportunities. Opportunities of opportunities are the opportunity to have more fire among Caine and Law. It fails because the choice of garish environment and abnormal changes in the plot are eliminated by the creation of tension and reliable desire. Instead we get a good conversation and a good show on a film that doesn't make it real. <br /> <br /> in spite of the best performances and this magic chat is only 4 of 10 because all the script just doesn't work
