So it's so bad and this odd this rainy movie that is hard to know where to start. Before all, it's a non-threatening movie, even with American standards. The talk is cliché, the characters are two-dimensional, the writing is ho-hum, and the little story there is not the same or far interesting. We are experiencing the following instructions: Balding Loser Guy (perhaps divorce, but who knows? This film does not tell us) and brave heart, little hero (no hero), brave little Kid (with village of village killing) and Bad Bad-Ass Bitch (with brawn more than mind). These guys are fighting a battle with the Hearing of Evil and His Evil Ewoks. Oh, and the film is full of small orbs bad orbs that are around people are afraid. Given the opportunity, they make an impromptu brain surgery for those who have no sense of mind when they come. Booh! In fact, one of them is beaten with a good spirit (but again, it could be a fraud specter) who seems to be interested in helping our Brave Partners find their little kidnapped friends. <br /> <br /> No character history or even the introduction of any characters. It comes with some kind of retrieval of the last film, but this does not explain much. If you have seen the first two movies, fine. Otherwise you don't know who these people are, how they relate, why they don't have a school or work, or why you should take care if they live or die. So, you don't. The only way of interest becomes any effects of splatter. And they don't have enough for those who let you be awake. The interests of amusement / amusement are Raider Three Punks, as fools as they are evil, who exploit our heroes. But they don't have much time to screen. They face almost immediately. Then it's buried (why someone should take time is more than me), then it looks again like the bad zombies of the Punk Raider. It should only be rebuilt, actually within minutes. <br /> <br /> All the visible game seems to have a Caspar friendly spirit visible and disappearing, driving around looking for places, and losing Baling try to score a bad Bad Black Bitch Booty, using collecting lines that can embarrass the young man retarded. There is no dice there; even free sex can save this film, something that never happens. Baddie head, called Long Man, can't stand anyone older than 3 years; Mourn "Booooy!" every five minutes is not enough. Why he, with his amazing ability to telekinetic and non-physical body, not only blows our heroes as the bugs have not been told. Instead, it works for its small animals that do not know, who have never killed anyone before being shot in hell. Movies / videos that love to work as "Friday 13th section of XXXXVIII: Jason goes to university" to get entertainment. All of us, who have developed the hair of the printing, will be turned out of our skull.
