It has been around ten years since I have seen one of the last two sequels for "Phantasm" - indeed from my memory still clear that it is not very good. That accepted today, I am still a great fan of the first two installments so I thought I would like to come back and get the experience of 'last chapters'. The third part is more obvious in the series because it looks itself under attention and it gives us a bunch of confused things that don't care very much ... Again, playing in the background where the previous film left us, Reggie saves Mike from the Long Man who promises to return for it later, but things are not safe for a long time when they meet Jody who can not self-take the form of the sea. It seems that his soul is locked up by a long man so Mike is then cursed in Netherworld double pronged with Reg looking for him ... On the way, he meets a ten-year-old child with nun-chuck with a black chick named Rocky who helps him when of his journey. There is really nothing to remember about "Phantasm III" except how stupid and powerful "humorous" tries to be. It is only one positive feature that did not help even the movie and that was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury who are responsible for their responsibilities for the first time since the early 1978 history. The problem is, they very much performs a comeo exhibition ... Reggie Banister is actually returning to its place of stars, but its characteristic, irritating, love-patient makes its presence also be very angry as. Angus Scrimm was not only found "in" his role. He speaks so much here and is not around to hurt and attractive in comparison with the "quirkiness" which the movie seems regardless. Many views on this flick seem to be useless and tend to think "it's still entertainment". Maybe you've got lots of nit but I can just get this. I remember being excited when I was a child and after looking at it again - I can say safely - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli attacked the area with its original low budget, the night of the night, the story of the story "Phantasm", which I am still a title as my top flick of panic and his nominee's prestige continued with moving things with dark surreal and GORY, but "Lord of the Dead" (stupid name) has been seen running away with me ... The inclusion of two new characters, Tim and Rocky (the only thing lost is Scrappy Doo!), Was a strong indication of Coscarelli that lost minds and seeing it off can run a franchise ... So, it's a movie "Phantasm" with a very little bit of dirt, dirt, and four barrels hit the gun. I need to say more?
