* It has some vendors * This movie is afraid of the terrible 80s in all its evil. The program takes a long way to get out of it, never engaged, and then just a clear attack on 40 minutes on the film. There is a short time of fans of zombie, but it's not almost enough zombies to create a real sense of fear. Zombi also takes a long time to appear. First, there is half of the film about groups and groups of prison. The hero of the movie is a former vintage Vietnam who gets in the group. The chief director of the attack has hit him and he is going to jail. In this prison, they are trying to arrest prisoners to find ways to treat ethical practices and crime behavior. But the head badie / military lawyer has another effort in mind. He wants to use a different version of serum to do .... da da da .... super soldier! After other prisoners who have killed a few guards and many jails have a corporate wine, a military / mad man is going to "hey this could be a problem" and calls on a scientist to turn out a hot-screening journalist ultra-enabled and The character of a free woman, who undoubtedly bought the original serum. He goes to jail to see what is going on, a military youth calls several SWAT teams from his safe place out of prison, and a brave young man takes a few prisoners and a heart of gold when a friction comes out. A brave boy and a scientist / journalist to get treatment, save the children of the supervisor, and deal with other angry, infected and not inmates. At the same time, the group attack leader has made a plan to enter the prison so that he can save his imprisoned brother. The army is ready to blow up the place, and everyone shooting is looking for a way. There are many gory cases where people are killed for being beaten or broken through prison. There is also a decrease in creepy and electrocution area involving a prisoner of an infected rasta. Still, the most disturbing area is the earliest part of the film, when the fraud watchdogs lay a prisoner. The overview of this film is the same area towards the end. Hero, woman, and children are trying to create their own way of escape. Their way leads them to the hallway, one side to the wall and the other to the prison. Thousands of bloodshed's hands enter, through their hair and their faces when they pass through. There are also a few beautiful scenes of "a couple of classic munching zombies on a new death" and "Many zombies stuck one person with shreds" bits. <br /> <br /> Overall, the value of checking if you are a study of a zombie genre as it has many zombie clichés worth considering; is a practical guide on instructions on what you do not do when you make a movie of a zombie. But if you're new to zombie flicks and you want to scare really, you should look elsewhere.
