Wow, the plot of this film is located on the place! There is a good plot and many things that happen that usually has my head cut! And, for that reason, nothing seemed to be credible. The movie begins with Kay Francis as a housewife who lives in a small town. He has had some experience with the theater and he hopes to go to Broadway. When a long-acting actor arrives in the city, he follows him in hopes that he can give him a boost. But, her husband is worried about shenanigans - as this actress is cad. Thus, hubby breaks into them and defeats the actor - and the actor dies! For this reason, he has been judged by the First Prosecutor of the Cup !!! Not a murderer, but you kill 1! Now, pregnant and she needs money, Kay goes to New York. But Broadway's work is not available, so he is forced to take on any work - even Burlesque. He cannot serve his little daughter enough, gives another woman to add. However, he finally gets a job in the real Broadway play and everything looks good. But, a jealous player who plays with him in the game hates it for some reason that is worthless and makes him miserable in play. Surprise, makes his way to England and become a real star. Years later, she returns to New York to find her baby - but the child is big and she thinks a woman to take care of her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer thinks that if he gets $ 10,000 he can release the man from prison. If another inspector wrote, do you? This is a bribe to people? What? $ 10,000 can take him out otherwise - maybe he will buy a helicopter so they can jump on the prison yard and take him! Wow - this is enough for 2 or 3 films! And, all this happens for a score of 45 minutes !!! Believe it or not, there's a little more. If you are very concerned, see for yourself to see how it is all revealed. This is like 'writing to cook for the kitchen' - throwing almost everything and hoping, somehow, it will all work. Unfortunately, the film seems to be undermined by the mushy despite the best efforts of Mrs Francis. It is no kind of film that could save thanks to the level of 2. 2. It is almost like someone just took a few things of the plot, threw them into the box and then began to beat randomly to make the film! In general, unless you are a fan of die Kay Francis or you like anything Hollywood made in the 1930s, this is one that you can fly easily. Not terrible but certainly not good. By the way, a child who plays Francis' return to New York (Sybil Jason) was really bad. I think he had to be ... I think.
