When the film is no less than five different names, it usually means several things and almost always means that the film has serious errors somewhere. Necromancy has serious errors and is out and out bad. I saw a version on a video called Rosemary Students. Yes, I'm sure it differs from other versions, but I'm not interested in thinking that in any way it is any other version and a few more minutes may have - be better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the film opens and Laurie rises up with her husband to the city where she has a new job in the toy factory for witches (ie, it gets worse soon!). The city is called Lillith and has a gunman on the bridge to ensure only those chosen by the "owner" of the city is allowed. Once we see that everyone living in Lillith is a witch and all follow the instructions of Mr. Cato - the head of the municipal co-ordinator who wants his dead child (hence Necromancy name). The people of the city make witches - have ceremonies, others like to wear the head of the goat, and the adultery increases (not true in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato plays hard with maverick Orson Welles, a figure and greater than the movie life. Welles are misused, but, do not make a mistake, he is the best thing in this film. And that is the sad part of Necromancy as Welles gives good performance and footprints and low leadership. In one place at the party, director Bert I Gordon keeps returning to Welles looking at the party's action using the same frames! It seemed ridiculous. As the scene has often been seen by the hand of the woman in the fire after a car accident. It seemed like a mannequin hand shop. The story is not used properly because we do not know what is happening: many scenes are beaten as a dream or hall and are never guaranteed. This also applies to corny, hokey ending. Helper Pamela Franklin is good and beautiful and has talent. Other than its performance, the real pickings from the rest of the castless sans Welles. Both trends and stories were made by Gordon who actually had a little gas left in the engine. This is not a good movie in any way under any name.
