2 stars for Kay Francis - he is wonderful! And he did not deserve this awesome tripper that Warner Bros threw his way! <br /> <br /> The two-fold premise that this movie depends on is ridiculous and very unknown. Kay is a wife in the city with a mother who wishes something more: she wants to be an actor. When the great actor comes to the city and invites Kay to his hotel to talk about possibilities, Kay tells her husband she is going to the movie. Mother's mother puts the worm in the hubby ear that Kay was not faithful, and sets out looking for him. He sees a hotel actor (they just talk!) And he loves a boy, who falls on shock, the first land in the pond (lake?), And dies. Now here are two wonderful buildings that the whole film depends on: 1) The judge tells the jury that if it has decided that a person died * before his head went into the water, they should get hubby and the first murder of murder degree. (Whaaaaa ?????? I think slugging guy in angry anger would count the manslayer or murder 2 for more, not the first murder to give a break! But the plot was found to be found guilty of murder 1 so that he could be imprisoned for life. nothing.) 2) the hubby lawyer, after being judged by the sentence, tells Kay that it is his fault. Her idea is that if she had not gone to the actress, then her husband did not want to go after her and tell the man and kill him. She tells him that she is guilty, not her husband, and accepts and agrees. When. Ya. Hell?!? !!! All parts of the movie are about Kay trying to achieve popularity and money to get her husband released from prison and the right to the wrong that he did by making her a dude actor in the first place. I cannot continue with this comment. The movie was just too painful. Four years earlier, in the days before the code, you can never catch Kay to play such a wimp! In the case of Kay Francis, though, he did his best to make us believe that this woman was a reliable character. I give him a great loan to try to breathe life and loyalty to this unresponsive role. This characteristic was a great cry from Kay's original work and the life of Kay Kay's life. <br /> <br /> A clear way to this! There are better cars than Kay Francis out there! (From personal experience, I can strongly recommend Stevens, MD and Jewell Robbery, also Dr. Monica and One Way I am sure there is another great Kay also doing, but I mention only those who 'have seen and can recommend.)
