At the beginning and the record, the word "Necromancy" describes the magic of the resurrection of the dead and is not appropriate, in any way, related to sex with cadavers. That's called necrophilia and, yes, I know it's different obvious but I'm ready to get a lot of information from friends and relatives that I play delicious deviation in movies! This movie is the absolute opposite of misleading or evil, in fact, and only qualifies as boring, inept and very bad. "Necromancy" makes at least one top five top, ie in the list of more incoherent movies ever! Now, director Bert I. Gordon is not very popular to offer a microphone (on his repertoire there are names like "World against Spiders", "King Dinosaur" and "Gods Food") but he found himself here with something worthless, nothing and nothing about magic and small towns. Shortly after a great experience of seeing their baby born dead, Lori and her husband Frank are moving to a small town of Lillith, where Frank was suddenly given a famous job in a toy factory. The truck is suspicious and feeling the condition of the disease, especially with the sisters of the city and the "owner" Mr. Cato lives a lot and wonderfully. That's another thing. Can anyone "possess" the city and everyone in it? Otherwise, Lori gradually finds that everyone in Lillith is a witch and Mr. Cato alone drove the city because of its natural ability to revive the dead. Since many years ago, Cato has tried to bring his dead child and is ready to make any human sacrifice that takes it. I honestly do not see the point of the whole movie. Is enough of "Rosemary Child"? one of the titles even is "Rosemary Students" ?? but the script is clay and imbecilic more than faith. Why is no one allowed to have children for as long as Cato's child is still dead? That's just the truth of selfishness! What, where and how did Lot learn to revive the dead? "Necromancy" certainly has an abnormal short-term atmosphere, but these are not considered carefully or through lack of budget. Photographic photography provides the film with ease and fragments are looking for a reasonable price. Orson Welles' performance? undoubtedly a step down his career? it is a pity, and it is still the best issue about the entire movie.
