As a young man, I was good at Bigfoot's big thing - I read books and followed the exhibitions. As an older jaded, I have had a huge amount of big boy now, but don't worry about watching an unfamiliar film when I come one. This had a few powerful points - in particular, the two major Bigfoot meetings - the Ape Canyon of 1924 and Bauman's 1850 event as related to Teddy Roosevelt, I am very common to read from the youth I made . The movie takes place that all events involved sasquatch, while all events have more plausible details, but recreations were well. There is also an honor paid at the beginning of the film on the famous Patterson video, again taking its place. The meeting of the sasquatch at the end of the film was also very well done and had a great feeling as the sasquatch was shown especially in the shadows or if the feathers fled the men feared. Unfortunately, all four things can be about 20 minutes, while the whole movie is less than an hour and a half-hour. to the north of British Columbia, to the suspects of the home of sasquatch. Computer focused on this area according to sightings and - in one of the most exciting scenes in the movie - the computer is also used "eyewitness sightings" to draw a picture of the sasquatch which looks like a "creature" video of Patterson! Apart from the 20 minutes I mentioned, we basically look at this travel journey, which means we get to watch the group of boys going on a long journey to camp. I've been on a camping trip with boys. Let me tell you - they have never been worthy of the movie. Interspersed between long stretches of boredom are some of the beautiful shots shots (though one suspect that cans footage was used, or perhaps even hostage animals do like wild animals) and there are some strange scenery shots, except that the environment is not north of British Columbia, are from national parks in Oregon. I saw that we were not given a real picture of the sasquatch, so we should not have to deal with the bad decisions that would be part of this. 3/10
