This is a French film, LOL, and emphasis on young girls with older men ... why is French that is put in this kind of thing? When the age difference is this big, it comes as a pervy! Valentina Cervi is good (looks like Olivia Hussey, of '68 Romeo and Juliet 'of Zeffirelli, sitting in the same period), but she looks about 15 and actor playing Tassi, her painting teacher, looks ... well, 50 is KIND. Other banners have worked to describe the historical (unusual case) of the real Artemisia, the great artist and one of the early authors of this period (17th century). His story speaks to us in modern times especially because of the former charges that "all the great artists were men" - he very blasts that claims to bits - and because the story of his rape case is poignant. Not only was he exposed, and he had to make sexual relationships (because those days marriage and your striker are the only way to avoid social shame), but Tassi was a common oppressor and probably killed his wife and child. <Br /> <br /> The movie includes awesome to change this really amazing and realistic story - very strange and does not need to “advertise” any - because in some other non-Frencified way, it's “hot” to have a confused young man has sexual intercourse with a sexual relationship with an old man enough to be his grandfather. That is "sexy" - the truth is boring and it looks also the woman / politician proper. It is also sad that this is only a part of the life of Artemisia that seems attractive enough for the film. The fact that he built for many years (his famous Judith beheading Holfernes was published after rape), that he was the first woman to admit to the University of Florentine Academy, that he continued to have children ... oh that stuff. After all, that's about a middle-aged woman and do not have a "fire" as young. I understand that there are many creative certificates in making a film (or book) about real historical behavior. You need to create a conversation, have small settings, create a good structure. Certain details may be made a sacrifice - not a big deal as a date is being moved a few years, or if Artemisia is played by blonde actors (when we know from his personal photos that he was brunette ... and a big boned one, not a minny of skin) , or something like that. But turning his story on him, making rape in romance is really sick and distracting. It's worse because the director is a woman. He should be very ashamed of himself! If you would like this (and I know some people can care less about a real woman's artist and such as a time dress and hot sex), maybe you will be like "Class Beauty" and Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack. According to a very re-written history, and lots of elevations and gemstones: Bon Appetit!
