IN USE OF SPOILERS BLUE ..... I wonder and the high level of this film will be honest. All I saw was a slow movie of propaganda traveling without anything to say. (Note to the soul you should look at the color of Platoon here) This movie was black and white ... Americans are good ... anyone or evil or worthless. I take the British soldiers in it meaning that SAS (one of the most intellectual units in the world agree and I am very sure) lost 3 men and others fled when the US soldiers who did not even the elite soldiers in the clashes were held down by opened to the power of the ass of those who hurt the evil Israelites. He is dead - on the terms of mind. The only thing I say about this film came in this sense when the sniper has taken someone of SAS ... muzzle flash away, good sound used ... really well done but some ... Spare I'm age 10 years here? Well, I am not well and I can see the impaganda propaganda in the film and the boy made this film. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh and in the main things, wild wildlife cannot stay at home with his wife and little child. Why ... because young people need stimulation or something that is visible. If you say I wonder and the rating of this movie is true. <br /> <br /> P.S. I do not hate America I hate the message of this film which looks even not wanting to deal with the illegal warfare (in my eyes) which equally because there are obviously people out there who think it's just a battle for any reason caused (wanted to say something else but he is being investigated) but hey is on them. But run the movie so automatically as black and white ... good v bad is lazy and get me like a child. In war there is a lot of gray and it's two sides (sometimes more) who believe in what they are fighting for. Not Star Wars with something something dark side lines of goodies. Because Hollywood often takes people to mugs ... then again 7.8 .... maybe you're right but I can't be buying. I was excited to download this film to tell you all for free. ;)
