As the last day Ayn Rand, Bigelow is a great highlights in his exhibition in a film of a few strong American hombres stuck in Iraq to defend the road bombs laid by the innocent, without neglect, children killing Arab terrorists. As Bigelow fights Iraqi war as a massive increase in humanitarian action, one of the former bomb bomber gets a blow and another shows a seizure of dust, a hot, bad, which is Iraq, and a new hero is born. The new baby is what John Hershey described in his book, and later the movie, The War Lover, like a sadistic wingnut who really does not deserve civil life, and requires a war to sublimate and suppress his sexual desires. A lover of war can work effectively in war, during peace it encourages him. When Hershey mocked the lover of war, (played in the film by Steve McQueen in one of his great responsibilities) Bigelow honors him. The army needs war lovers, it is a defense force against our enemies. We cannot deal with the fact, that they are warriors who are good soldiers, hard men. According to the unironic Bigelow, men are often pussies, a war partner is breed special, the end of cowboys. So what if he wants to stop his men, or to please the Iraqi boy? He is losing sexual worship and the death of war. In war, sex is an unresponsive, unloving person, do not ask yourself, do not know the type of male link. Bigelow has no comments on this; he only limits the penis options in this ham-fisted attempt in reality. The only champion of the fight can overcome the moral struggle between justice and evil, among the American crimes and Arab corruption. Bigelow hides his discrimination and pride behind the ingenuous facade of journalism. He is another gung-ho's show that the brutal war against civilians as a moral victory of the soul. <br /> <br /> In the front of the political, Bigelow returns to the west of the species with its non-renewable clichés, ad nauseam: the wonderful world of open frontier, which happens to be someone else's land. ("You can call people here" says the soldier); a tough young man but a black man, a soldier with a death march, a gruff, a head-headed officer, a campus who is trying to become a friend of the enemy. If you call it, Bigelow will revive. A young boy's love can be seen in a picture with a good Arab boy who becomes a friend of war fighter, but Bigelow plays the same; he can not end sex, just combs. What Bigelow really wants to show us is a bad face, sneering the Arab enemy. Any citizen who is not clean can be closed, angry or even good, however. They all deserve to die because of their rebellion, and many of them are doing this fest gore-fest film. All Iraqi women including, they only make their presence by shouting. They can be men in the drag to all I know, you can't see their faces. There is no female presence at all on the basis or in the war, although female demise rates in Iraq undoubtedly prove this. <br /> <br /> Bigelow goes all the way to one. He honors the war, he can overcome the hero of the brave-hero. Chorboys, surrounded by human Indians, confirm their luggage by doing God's work and winning hellhole destroyed by terrorist and suicidal suicide and suicide. To the end, I felt like a root for the Indians. In the world of Bige, however, no mercy or understanding ever makes it. The Israelites are troubled for excellence. The massacre for civilians is a very interesting situation for the sexual struggle of the hero of our hero. Each U.S, shot gets a score. You should love the guy, lover of war. It's just his way, he is a real hero. He is the only boy who tries to do things in a difficult way, and so do if he wants to tang the boy side.
