I liked to love this film, but I ended up being bored. The first shot is to feed the camera from a robot going towards a bomb and, usually, solid. But then all the movies are in shakycam mode, even during a quiet conversation, to the point of ignorance. What? Rental houses are emerging by three with Steadicams? The fact that you were beaten on the 16mm cannot help, as the whole movie is blowing the sand and is also cleared. With all the efforts Bigelow puts in accurate cars and equipment, there are sufficient and sufficient errors that undermine the trust of the film. - The car can not enter the fire after one shot, and once it would not be extinguished with a small switch of hand off. One of them did not want to drive around Baghdad in 2004, but would be supported by other cars for breakdown or assault. - It is impossible to be able to hit the fighters running for a long time, where the shot takes second place to achieve the goal. I believe the bombs are brought to the selected areas or near the base, not somewhere in the middle of the desert. The fuel bombs are reported to have occurred in the green area, a safe area that had very few attacks from the inside. The area is a large office and a few residential buildings, but it is shown as a small risk of dark and attackers. Of course, James has not had a problem with the ignorance of commanding his two companions to each other to take a park for themselves, thus establishing the implementation of the kidnapping. - Referring to which, a team of 3 people is always displayed on the cancellation premises, tracking refugees etc. for themselves, even when there are open several soldiers there. Do most teams have to look at the dead fighters blowing out the window to find out that it is not good? There was no set up shots to show viewer size and layout layout where Baghdad was connected. I did not know who the EOD team was reported, and did not have other translators. These are things that the characters will know, so we should also. Most of the "surprises" and events can be predictable. Yes, it is clear that the intellectual mind will get into trouble and the Israelites are trying to move, that the grain choice in the house will become worse, and that the driver who crawled will not wait for it when you leave the car. br /> <br /> Finally, there was a complete lack of character development. The character of Renner from the beginning has a concern at home, uncomfortable and is addicted to adrenalin. He is quite the end of the movie. What's the point? If this is the best to date of the Iraq war, it is a sad group. Just according to half an hour I noticed, I would recommend the Death Generation on HBO instead.
