I want to explain a few things. I don't know Ming-liang Tsai movies, and I know the art of art; I grow up in the seventh century of Goddard, Fellini, Bergman, Bertolucci and many others. > like color. People did this to express their inner feelings, not particularly as some people understand anything. They were more than commercial values; just look at the old Antonioni (or the old Picasso) and you will understand. Tian bian ye duo yun (Cloud of Jews) has nothing to do with it. It is a suitable movie, planned to deceive the judges of the spectators and critics, to play many things without saying anything. <br /> <br /> Story is useless. Lack of water makes the government continue to use watermelons for hydrate. The girl in despair, stealing water from the public bathroom WC. There is also a porno start (neighbor) trying to make a film and a film actor is not good to feel good. There is a romantic movement between a girl and a porno star. The chaos ends with sex (not polluted) where most people feel shocked, but I believe it's less stimulating than you can see in America's Pie or Violence History. <br /> <br /> Two main characters never talk. Sometimes, the 60 music number appears and defines (via song) happening in the minds of the characters. These parts of the video are welcome because the original location, without the conversation or music just people look, takes at least 4, 5 or more minutes which in the movie times are TOO MUCH. There are also a few bits about "difficult to do sex without love", "the selfish idea of ​​the porno industry". It is clear, this film aims to (leave with it) lose jury festival and critics. It has fewer horrible events (within Taiwan control limits) and many lessons are opened, but nothing is complete or goes anywhere. These techniques, they found a few films (contradictory) important prices in film festivals and found the film to be an unprofitable business (I see movies in France and a full reminder). However, please, do not do it. There is nothing new or original or even told on this film. It is boring and empty; The real deception to the public. Boogie's Light (which I did not like very much), Friendship and Songs 9 are the best movies.
