Almost in one league such as the Blossoms of Yonfan smell, Spider Lillies runs the house of sure that you can make movies cut without edge, or a lot in the cutting way. It is a Taiwanese film, which in this day and this age becomes amazing at a terrible speed, but more than that tidbit, we can get very little through the right way here. You should know that easily spiders Lillies are also a story of lesbians-stories, but in every aspect this is nothing but plastic technique interesting in easily lost and gullible. In several ways we have here to repeat for the recent summer release of Taiwan to the Eternal World. Then it was the people of the sex who had short-term medical treatment, now we have something similar to women. Zero Gifts, for your non-existent enhancement, the possibility of considering more than fifteen years old. They were able to manage some of the position of the gallery, but eventually these results were achieved in many ways, not just interesting. Hong Kong is coming in the form of Isabella Leung (Bug Me Not, Isabella, Diary), here to watch her games more than the fabric yet. Although most suitable in his previous work, Isabella in Spider Lillies has no list and is not in many departments. Perhaps his heart did not come into it or the whole fortress of the lesbians did not really attract his attention. He makes Taipei's tattoo artist who is embarrassed, who includes and encourages a young brother who is mentally ill, played by John Shen, who thankfully gives the film the only part of the liberation. Isabella's character, known as Takeko but seems to be angry from Hong Kong, recently faces young Jade (Rainie Yang from a series of Meteor Garden). The latter lives with her grandmother and has a whole list of complaints from her parents and the whole life. Indeed, part of the bride works well and touches, but otherwise Jade as the main character is as unmoving as a partner of Doka. Two women are involved in the past with lots of unwanted lots, and Jade works as a webcam girl while Takeko puts his father's legacy with a unique spider's tattoo on his hand. Jade also wants to get this very design, which prompts Takeko to explore the inner feelings of the issue through flashbacks and rather small talk with Jade spunky. Well, if there is a little talk writing homebase about, is it at least sexually remembered? By word, no. Kisses and pretend to be close to the end, but like the Summer Summer that reminds us not long ago, there is a gap in the light between showing sex content and making buyers think they are about to see sex content. <Br /> <br /> This stamp of the prospects for hope of Spider Lillies. For the weak story, the work of ho-hum and the total shortage of issues taking away from the theater with you, this one kind of make Blossoms look beautiful, come to his thinking. At least there we got several hundreds of Teresa Cheung. No, Spider Lillies is not a AV hub and should be beaten from the playlist of the most popular and popular GLB movies. It is amazing for the release of pseudo-indie, even the voice and the movies are producing during inspiration. That's good, since it makes it easier for Spider Lillies to be easier. We believe you, avoid it and you can't miss anything good. <br /> <br /> Rating: * *
