DRACULA 2000 is a horrible film that has been featured in aerial movie in England and thought it had a survey about three times a week for a whole year I did not know how I could lose until it broadcast on television tonight. Really see if I'm not a lot of fan of movie scared because it was perhaps under my theory that this would be a tripe. My theory seemed to be right for a large part / <br /> !!! /> !!!!! MINOR SPOILERS !!!!! What makes DRACULA 2000 bad movie like that is the amount of dumb scripting involved. For example earlier in the film, bad guys fly the Dracula plane from London to the United States (in the twine flight of the twine plane!) And one of the bad guys is left alone in cargo owners where Dracula lives. Fighting comes out, there is a lot of noise but bad people in the cockpit do not feel the sound until the script wants. It also appears at the top of this section which Dracula can control the weather but this seems to be forgotten about whether the film continues. Scripting Sloppy, and it also seems to have a problem with the structure where there are many cases of characters being in New Orleans mardi gras then the characters being in a different location as a police station in the following area they are back when mardi takes place after what it means to be The lack of credibilty in the plot is tightened. It is something else that has made my chain - Product Setting. There are instances where the color record / retailer record is in full view. I won the advertising company (except they say they are also running a train company which is a national joke in the UK) but I was under the impression of this type of advertising was against the British Advertising Guide and I was surprised the BBC showed this movie if it was a case <br /> <br /> There are some positive in DRACULA 2000 as an example for example. This is really a beautiful and beautiful movie look and the boys were those vampire hot, but it's something we should expect from Hollywood over the last few years - a very good movie that is very dumb
