The Night of the Night, The Night of the Night 5 is the end of the series, and as part 4, it is not associated with the first three except for the head and the fact that it is flick of Christmas fears. Of course, there are some obvious things going on here ... Mickey Rooney has a player named Joe Petto and his human name is Pino. Call alarm, any? Now, a little boy named Derek heard a knock at the door one evening, and opened it to get money on his door. Although it said "do not open up to Christmas", she begins to open it but she is standing with her father, who rebukes her and takes her to bed, and opens her own gift. It is a small red ball that climbs Santa's hands and head, and continues to kill the father. Oh, maybe he should have left alone. Of course, Derek has been disturbed by the incident since he looked at the stairs, but it didn't become Santa killers, he just stops talking. There is a strange visitor around him, who seems very interested in the fingers that Joe Petto does. We even see him buying a group when Derek's mother takes her to the shop to give her a gift for her out of trouble. And what exactly is this person doing? Indeed, we don't know but he seems to take these fabrics to see what makes them keep. He puts his landlord to evict him for the money on the next day and give him a "Larry Larvae" toy for his child, but of course "Larry" is not a good toy and comes out of the box in the car and of course, well, things are not pretty . However, finally going on with Joe Petto and Pino is clear, and as with the old story, Pino is not a "real boy". Pino is probably more exciting and naughty because he suffers "Kenitalia" (smooth smooth crotch) so that it can account for its bad ways. And the alien stranger's identity is also revealed, and there is even the end of the kind of happiness. Wheel. <br /> <br /> Step up from section 4, but not much of one. Again, Brian Yuzna has been linked, and shouted Mad George, so some of the special effects of respect, but not enough to do this great thing. Few few from part 4 will also depend, like Clint Howard and Neith Hunter, but that doesn't make quite a difference. However, now I have seen all the series out of my system. Now if I could get some of it out of my brain. 4 out of 5.
