Warped take on the theme of Pinocchio, and set during the Christmas season (.. after the initial stopping abandonment until Christmas) has the delivery centers sent to kill the child (even in this way, other victims have been destroyed in the process) maybe and "son" of the toy player. Telling Mad George he was responsible for the fingers of the killings (including the larvae that enter the victim's mouth and out of his eye, another where the fingers of a soldier shot real to the babysitter after his lover had been bound by a toy toy. hand, used from the village). A little goal is a dumb child called Derek (William Thorne) whose man was killed by a red ball and extending weapons that can carry his face, and make him deliver on a hot poker. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) worried about her son's mental state, showing his reluctance to open a gift or, more importantly, to talk, happens to look at her husband's murder. Derek's true father, Noah (Tracy Fraim) fears for his safety, and informs, with concern, his former Sarah's daughter, a local army, Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) was immediately arrested by putting traps in his fingers to destroy children due to the loss of the unborn child when his wife was killed in a car accident. With revenge for saying that if she cannot have a child, then others should not. It is still a heavy drinker. (Often seen in swigging Jack), Petto seems to have put her feelings to children, but her pree Pino (Brian Bremer) does not have Derek he turns angst towards. Why? You will understand soon. <br /> <br /> Pretty disappointing special effects and instead of goofy Cluster. Rooney's name adds gravity to the film, making it a sign, but its history can be very helpful. Interesting player Higginson and Fraim as a person who comes back into his life is not bad, but a conspiracy that continues to be difficult to take. I think it is that, but Rooney has no reason to be in the film like this ... they have no chance to bring any personality to his toymaker instead of anger and despair, quite fragile, hard to join together as he explodes with anger towards Pino, while not a decrease in alcohol. Bremer is similar to weird and "robotic" as Pino, desires to have Sarah as his mother. The effects of the impact of the attack on survivors are sufficient. Installing the work of Mad George and Savage Steve Holland was more effective than what we see in this film. The sex of each person he is talking about is not as cheap as many would believe (I can't remember any dirt). Perhaps the best of most sequels are enabled, but that is not exactly the approval. I'm certainly written on the paper, this was the concept of entertainment, the idea of ​​spoofing Pinocchio by using elements of fear, but the result was not completely lost.
