Dieter Bohlen, a famous German composer and producer of pop-ups hit as "You are my heart, you are my soul" felt the need to tell his story - and voluntarily decided to hire a spirit writer. The result is a wonderful book about his life. Well, more or less the shape of his fuzzy. They did not deny that he was a storm of selfishness but the whole story went out to match his own image. No word has probably hit his ex-wife and finished the hospital. However it has been written in the most beautiful style and great success after its appearance as a member of the German jury version of the "American Idol" - especially its unnamed views. <br /> <br /> This should be the end of the story - really. In the form of the "Idol" show of TV called "Deutschland sucht Superstar" (abbreviated DSDS) one should have an awesome idea to make a movie out of the book. The result is "Dieter - der Film" <br /> <br /> I have never seen a film that tries to be very funny and completely fail. No one of the gags actually hits the point. The voice of Naddel and the chat style was getting my nerves at the same time although the voice of Verona would have made it more. Obviously, young, predictable and long-term damages any incentive to watch this film to the end of a few minutes. The content of the film is the most effective film that is written down gently by the author of the spirit according to the Bohlen reference of sloppy memory. They could use this freedom to do almost everything. It had to be satire, but they failed. The story is not quite good with the fact that the rear voice is Bohlen himself ensures that the whole film does not have anything amazing. It is not surprising that it was considered bad for the release of movies. The likelihood that this would have been rotten in a memory was so great until recently that the DSDS season was found to be a good success. With the help of the "friendly" newspaper of the great German journalists "BILD" and the worst situation for the RTL television station have something in the app when displaying is still not possible "Wetten dass ...?" run on Channel 2 movie finally arrived on television - unfortunately. <br /> <br /> Watching this film is a waste of time - there is certainly the best cartoons and the most fun and realistic story look. So: 2/10
