Well, it is difficult to put one's life in one film. Typically, biopics take into account one or two important aspects of the lesson life. Now, Byron was "my week blows your year" colleagues, which makes the selection parts that represent even harder. Additionally, if Byron's poem cannot be separated from his life, the life of man itself should be seen as whole. Lifting out the part is not just showing the whole picture, shows a completely different picture. Now, in short my opinion comes down to this: in fact, Byron was really a "week of my year" model, a young man who lived so much that he actually did more in his 15 years or more work than many do all life. True, he had problems and was a victim of time and social environment he lived - but at the end, this dude should be a model that our lives want to lead, no? Well, I couldn't, at any time, want to live the life shown in this film. So it gets 3. Not to be misused (which, leadership-wise, is more or less was), but most importantly for the absolute uncertainty in the flat plan. <br /> <br /> More info. For further simplification of objects, Byron bio should have two different events: 1. The first trip to Europe: UK with its growing popularity + marriage / 2. His life abroad. Now, the important thing is that part of SECOND should be at least as important as the first. It was not just a long time, but the most dramatic change of Byron was done at that time. In addition, he created his best works (Don Juan, Vision of Judgment - all the things that make * * only in English literature). Instead, in this film (a Byron Life does not think even as far-off entertainment, (b) gets just the worst * after leaving England. its European (though slightly more than a real journey would have been as fashionable), secondly, they chose an angle, and they chose his improper love for Augusta (who is rather cast off). The problem with this last thing is that they never stop. Byron remained so much for Augusta for the rest of his life, but, especially as he had the feeling of a brave man, the fact that his letters show that it does not necessarily mean that he is not always interested in life. The first film of the television should end and leave the UK. There is no doubt about it. The thing is: once abroad, the life of violence began (with a large period of Geneva), but in Italy Byron also discovered mais ha new, all with his poetry (guided by Italian comedy), already in Venice, and by himself when he got Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (later, at the request of Shelly, and Teresa, to Pisa). In other words, he was also free *. His intention and life were opened (and not just in the form of a bad state), while Britain was closed more if it fell into the gravitational influence of Israel. True, freedom was under Augusta, but this freedom of beauty-beauty enjoys this film. We see a lonely, snob-like snob. I mean, Hell, Byron never thought too much about his poetry, except when he reached his own document in Don Juan! In addition to the development of poetry and romantic, his relationship with Shelly (and a lower breakdown) should be more memory. Also, it is in Italy in Ravenna that shares with politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important, for it shows that the romantic and final language of the run by Childe Harold's humanity is transformed into a true and more sophisticated concept of language with the person of Don Juan. Life and work is one. True, it is still a bit, but what led to Greece! And anything came to the full cycle in Pisa, where the Shelley revolutionary spirit added more fire. Disappointment did not snob bored suddenly looking for some action. It was the knowledge of Italy (Gambas) motivating to work. It can be a sign for a person seeking an excitement of the old war when the rest of Europe becomes fixed in the soil of modern and conservative reasons. But not only, there was a real inspiration behind him. Meanwhile, Byron wrote a large amount of Don Juan. True, its end is sad, but not like she is wearing. It is the essence of Byron's life: he may have strong emotional bonds (2: Augusta and Teresa), but he always managed to make himself real. For he was not 'down' at the end of his life - no, he could make a physical and intellectual DECISION which, at the time, a few people were ready to prepare. <br /> <br /> I wonder. Why is it so often the second time in Byron's life is ignored? Because it had a clear conflict, if finally someone came to himself? Considering our thoughts on the frustrated years of Britain caused by the scandal, we show ourselves not better than the English aristocracy at the time, which Byron so despised, and which, although the fact that he had the option, he * voluntarily * fled the year of 1816, in order to find a world that was modern and free enough to allow him to give a voice that would make him a poet of the first romantic language and turn from an independent snob to a man who is moving forward for a reason.
