I think that could end this show about as well as anything. Batman TAS may be the worst thing to happen with cartoons based on comic books because everything that comes later will be compared to it and nothing has been tested yet. It's too good too. What? Batman Was Good? "Yes, but not TAS." Is the Justice League good? "It's not too bad, but it's not TAS." <br /> <br /> Batman certainly no TAS, either, but I won't hold it against it. It would be fair and on the other hand, it has many other problems with it. <br /> <br /> The concept of small battles of Batman's war is limited, and sometimes art is very good. But at the end of time, the art is an impressive Americanime, and this gives us a lot of show off of the show itself. Facing, written, and designed as Americanime. If I wanted to watch Jackie Chan Adventures, I'd like to watch Jackie Chan Adventures. Or I could jump at my head anytime and get the same effect. Joker is a fool of the assassination, intellectual who are not sure in the suit who uses his wits, uncertainty, and cunning devices to fight Batman. When he has to fight a hand, he will go for something cheaper or be out. He is not meant to be a monkey and dreadlocks who knows kung-fu and can fly into twenty feet in the air, accompanied by speed lines. If they would like to do this with a host, there were other worthless characters they could use or * they could * create a new one. And it's not that thinking again is wrong, don't do me wrong. TAS (there I come back again) took Mr. Freeze from the normal level of your village of B icegun and made him a memorable and ethical character. Of course Freeze was not an ordinary specialist at the time and they made improvements, but the move stands. What Batman does is it takes everything you liked on the batman and lost and it takes a lot of waste, smells on them. Guess what? They were eating maize. It is clear that this show cannot stand against TAS but it stands on its feet and still does not work for me. Plots are not good and they are not better. They are written in the number of children under twelve. Should children be able to enjoy the show? Of course they should. This should not show adults for swearing, dirt, and free brutality. But the true positive display is that it can be interested in different levels for all ages. This period is missing the mark. <br /> <br /> Does this show TAS? No, of course not. The problem is not JLU.
