I am a great fan of Batman's comics and I was disappointed when I could no longer get Batman: The Animation Series on TV again. I was delighted to learn that there will be a new cartoon of Batman on TV. I looked at the first part of the day that was launched and I was very disappointed. First of all, animation is very bad. It looks like a cheap anime, Japanese Japanese. Then again, almost every cartoon of modern days is like that. <br /> <br /> Characteristics are more serious. Batman looks more like Birdman, Catwoman looks more like Chihuahuawoman, Bane looks more like the red version of the Hulk, the Penguin is master Kung-Fu, Mr. Freeze is a matter of undead and ice on his head, and Riddler is Gothic Marilyn Manson look similar ( which is funny because I do not expect people who focus on fabrics and puzzles to be Gothic). <br /> <br /> Bad behavior design is the Joker. They turned to Bob Marley fighter / Kung-Fu monkey! Joker is supposed to be the worst enemy of Batman, but in this show he can not cause a threat because his crime is stupid and useless. In one place his plan was to keep the Joker poisoning on dog food! Oh, it's evil! Batman is a surprising and difficult character because he is beaten by his parents' deaths, that's why he fights with crime. This version of Batman does not seem to be haunted by the death of his parents and it is not quite surprising. It is also not a detective, just a fighter. If there is an enemy can not fail, he can not learn the enemy to know their weak points as a detective would, he would only create a big robot to fight and defeat them. Often this show does not even feel like a Batman show, just another brain brain is nothing but fighting without meaning. <br /> <br /> What's more hate on this show is what they did for villains. They have taken away everything that makes them so suggestive and distracting them and turn them into bad bad guys. Man-Bat is a great example. In the community, he is a horrible scientist who learns bats to get treatment for his deafness. While trying himself, an accident turns out to be a huge organ of the bat. In this show, he is a mad scientist who wants to self-invent himself to a huge bat of the bat for no apparent reason. Almost all criminals are like that; none of them, except one or two, has a real purpose of their crime. The worst attitude is of Mr. Freeze. In the Community, Freeze was only a mad scientist until the author Paul Dini wrote part of BTAS "Heart of the Ice", which gave Freeze a new nature that made him a worse host, third and more interesting. This period was very popular because the fans agreed to be the original nature and even used in the genres as their origin. Even the lucky movie of Batman & Robin used it as its origin. In this show, he is a little jewel thief before being Mr. Freeze. After that Mr. Freeze, what do I think? She has been a little thief of the jewel! A great beginning. It is not surprising that they spent on the same Religion made. Like a fan of Batman, I don't like to show this because it is not like the community because I also liked BTAS, Batman cartoons that came after him, the Tim Burton movies of Batman, and clearly, the most popular movies Christopher Nolan Batman. No one was 100% loyal to the profile, but they were still very good. The problem with this show is not that it is not the same as BTAS members, it is that you don't have any detailed types that make the other Batman media known. I have given this show a lot of opportunities, but more I watch, the more I see that it misleads me. I am a good old day when Batman cartoons were something that everyone could enjoy.
