Once I would like to see the Beowulf version where it appears the authors of the screen have at least approved by the original poem. However, after looking at this Sci Fi lesson, I am disappointed. <br /> <br /> We do not recommend authors should understand and analyze the poem in Old English, but I would like to try at least read the translation in English modern and try to create stories based on what actually passes. Stories are exciting enough; why add the elements of the compound that does not exist and destroy the story? What is wrong with being faithful to the Scriptures? Grendel is facing any kind of weapons; why set up a superbow-overbow which is wonderful and impossible to exist at this time (as accurately said by the former inspector)? Fighting Grendel was Beowulf vs Grendel. That's right. No one else was involved in the war. The only way Beowulf would have overcome him was by choosing exactly the monster without any weapon, a mistake made by all previous opponents. However, in this edition, Danes and Geats fight with Beowulf and Beowulf strikes the Grendel arm with a sword! Again, why can't they describe what happened? Personally, I think a direct match between the two will be more exciting. Overall, this is an exciting and unusual sign that does not trust the true story. Why add to the contract with the mother of Hrothgar and Grendel which include the sacrifice of sacrifices? Why create additional characters, like Finn, not adding something to the story? There was no story of love in poem. They could not even put events in the right places (forest instead of rock and no space under the lake). Are they unable to identify the example of Grendel's signature? it should be underground to represent spirituality. Why is it not the place of the natural symbol in the epic poem? Even my high school students last year were able to do better when they created a short film of Beowulf, as they considered the theme and the illustration that describes the story. If Hollywood can create a film that puts these things and is loyal to the plot, then it will be a great movie.
