Where to start? Anachronism? High-tech tech and maximum in 500AD? Arrows and charges explosive in 500AD? Grendel of the monster which looks like a robocop and definitely never interferes with any weapon that is cursed or throws? Was the heart broken from the victim's chest without contact with any feeling? Could it be a blond who could enter the latest fashion show with her hair and beat? The former Danish court was represented in the Greek Greek style? The queen played with Marina Sirtis more identified by her makeup artist than mad? The effect is a very weak way to carry this story. There are some unwise stories or even benefiting from the effects of cheap, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> Is it about characters who seem to jump up in their attitudes without motivation? The military chief whose house has already been attacked more than once and the Grendel of the monster seems to have little respect for the danger he had seen than Beowulf who was sent from far away from the country of Geats to help despair Danes. In this it feels more like west west cowboy than any story story. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an old story from time to almost no literary story and a lot of all his ideas and his game is clear. I think that telling every modern that does not make an attempt to penetrate an exposure must be overcome. I did not like the recent "Beowulf and Grendel" which appears to be primarily Grendel as a human and sees Hrothgar and his Danes as very arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel's attack as an unfair revenge, but I had to respect his position of fixing that Danes of Hrothgar were a bunch of strokes the eyes that did not understand, even after all, that they had brought this on their own, and therefore, the original story of Beowulf, as it was written, was a fake false story. I think there is much more sense than that, but this mystery of "Grendel" that Grendel's Grendel attack is tied to the original human sacrifice does not bring us closer to the shame of Hrothgar and Danes. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend as a traditional story or as a modern fantasy. I offer 4: higher than suited, but always hope that the worst effort will be emphasized by someone who is about telling stories wisely. At the same time, the Sci-Fi films make it seem to follow NASA's policy that it is better to create a number of solutions that fail than a few that succeed.
