La Sanguisuga Conduct of Danza, or Bloodsucker Leads to Dance if I believe it is an English common head, installed in 'Ireland' in '1902' where the amazing calculation Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) invites recently to be outdoor actors Evelyn's performances ( Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi & three other colleagues will soon be out of Cora's actress friends (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) & Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani) for her fortress on a small island off and on the beach. At first Evelyn is reluctant but she is believed when Samuel's hand (Leo Valeriano) goes on. Once Count Marnack tells his guests that his father and grandfather rejects their heads using a festive knife & there is enough feeling when it appears that Evelyn looks similar to the current Archbishop's wife who fled too long ago ... Despite being concerned about weirdo servants turns out that someone wants to use a knife themselves to cut a few heads off ... <br /> <br /> Italy's written written & directed by Alfredo Rizzo & is a total, complete & open crap since beginning to end. The first things enable you to start the opposition and the head of Bloodsucker causes Dansi, lets you explore that name because when I do not feel I think that there is no vampires or any form of blood damage, no one 'leads' anything at any time & there certainly not any dance or playing so do not expect any of these things. What you should expect though is bad, lighter, insignificant 'giallo' which takes more than an hour before anyone is killed & any kind of secret murder begins to form, the first hour of La Sanguisuga Conduce of Danza is a plot under & uninteresting like anything out there. The best way to think is to think about the most exciting film of the single film that you have ever seen, and then reject more of the external core of the external porn and that only leaves the worst actors, bad dubbing, bad dialogue, a little bit of primary sex sex & lesbianism & nothing else. Yep, it's true that it's bad. The secret things are crap, people make trivial things for any obvious and end of hard 'moving' thing is as bad as the rest, Sense Sense (1999) is not! Director Rozzi is doing a good job & La Sanguisga Running Danza really has a good look and feel in spite of the low-budget budget, I mean there are instances where he shows a 'storm' running out of the castle however the image The stock used are in black and white! So the film jumps from white to white and white whenever it is reduced by storm & return to color again! There is one hilarious place where a girl and her friends discuss her breast and give her friend to hear who is a compliment of compliments, this area is amazing and not unusual that it is worth and easily a good film when even 70 bad porn will be shy and talk! There are limited weaknesses and sexual / lesbian incidents are tame very. Forget about any blood or gore if there is nothing without a head down. <br /> <br /> Of course these beautiful films, the set period and production production is really amazing even though not big in the scope does not work that enough. The film has a good sense of color and movies are good. The film is known so difficult to comment on the original exhibitions but voice actors are alarming and talk is worse than usual. La Sanguisuga Conduct of Danza is a bad film, it makes no sense, it has almost no story for more than an hour, it is possible to be a very misleading head and very exhausted and confusing and endless 'misleading'. In addition to the fear of the Euro to go there there is much better film than this so please don't waste your time, as for anyone else it is definitely one to avoid. Trivia Note: The notorious (and banned in the UK) The observation of the Nazi and film observation The tragic experience of the last days of the SS (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp & Animal in the heat led by Luigi Batzella and is responsible for justice as a police The detective in La Sanguisuga Conduce of Danza.
