This "clever" film was a Japanese film at the beginning. And when I think that the original movie was so bad, it was best done when the American-International films were filmed by fragments and the inclusion of American groups to interrupt the audience. Now unless your audience is made in total idiots, it becomes clear that this has been done - and done with fines or taking care of the final product. The bottom line is that you have a lot of Japanese pictures and then it is clear American pictures where the film looks quite different. In addition, the incidents of the United States are really useless and include two different groups of people in meetings just talking about Gamera - the worst evil jump! And although this is a hot-breathing fire, jumping and destruction the monster, there is hardly no energy because I think the actors were just embarrassed to be in this bad film - in particular, film fighters Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. Both of them were watching tired and uncomfortable for being there. Now for monster, it's not quite a Godzilla creature. Seeing the great turtle of fanged separates its head and feet and starts turning through the air as the arrow is hilarious. On the other hand, typical birds, buildings of balsa damage and power plant are, as usual, in this film and will not be a surprise. With the odd picture of the Japanese monster movie cliché included which will be clear to convince many non-Japanese viewers, and that is a "good and precocious little boy who loves monster and believes in it". It's true. Well, as in GODZILLA VERSUS SMOG MONSTER and several other films, you have this annoying goes fun on the monster, although the future future incarnations of Godzilla, Gamera is not a good man and turns at the end the child is just idiot! Silly, the special effects of the poor that can be made better for the average of seven years, the worst act, the US non-meaning and dubbing of the regular voice makes this a bad film. Then, while most of them will surely hate this film (and this stupid child), there are a few small and very popular ones who love these films and compare them to Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe - this is a terrible film! FYI - Apparently because of its great presence, Gamera was seen in several more films in 60 years as well as the most recent nature. None of these change the central truth that he is a fire to breathe or that the movies are true, they are very crippled.
