Now we travel to the same world where the appearance of the great cities of prehistoric flattening cities is part of the daily routine. It is the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and their kind - a wonderful world, and one made even a stranger to the appearance of an unknown fly occasions called Gamera. <br /> <br /> Forever in the shadow of Toho monolithic Studios, Daudi's second studios was more popular with samurai sagas than monster movies. Of the 60's they decided to join a great reptile race and form a series of monster competitor for Godzilla of Toho. They wisely chose Gamera as their flagship - a great turtle that burns between the teeth of its snakes, and circles with the air by blowing through its feet (and at one time you are about to see the machetes of paper to catch fire!). The first film Gamera "The Camera Invincible" (as sold in the US) is a real mirror of the first film Godzilla, just 10 years back. American fighters drive an unknown bird on the Arctic for its fire damage - a nuclear bomb on the board lightens and raises a great camera from its cool sleep. Feeding atomic energy, once it goes, and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a young Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a mental relationship with a great turtle and even keeps a miniature version on aquarium to his bed seat, she believes Gamera is good and compassionate. He is like a little Jewish child with Hitler's pinup. "Gamera is a turtle of GOOD," he pleads, and then he put on the face as a man who was beaten in his coco bats. To wonder the world leaders listen to him, and so it begins Z-Plan to save the world AND Gamera from complete destruction. It was released in 1965, Gamera was an amazing hit. The horrible Anthropomorphism of the children actually worked for the kiddie audience in Japan and the United States, and to see the front of the Gamera on two feet blowing the miniatures of Tokyo and North Pole is an amazing chintzy. More surprising is the life of the series: eight original Gamera films, as well as the killings of recent remakes. It is not bad for a mutant reptile whose friend is the only one who strikes the eight-year-old milquetoast - and if I hear "Gamera are friends for all children" sometimes I'm going to crush Tokyo. Which seems to be the easiest task in the parallel world where children are smart and turtles are much larger than the Seiko box in the 1965 Gamera walk.
