With the increase in the popularity of the current Godzilla series, such as any movie event, there was the possibility of having a crowd of similators trying to get money in success with a great lizard. For Godzilla came the day of the growing popularity of kaiju (big monster). Many sought the best; few found it. One of the few who are not only profitable, but gained popularity was Gamera, a big string that could breathe fire in and out and fly by stirring fire from the buttocks on its rope as a way of flying. But contrary to Godzilla, Gamera was sold as a friend to all children, later fighting other monsters to rescue children at risk, and so Gamera became very popular among children. Unfortunately, this is about the only audience that shows that the original Gamera series will have any appeal. When the new Gamera-based movies are Shushanuke Kaneko are amazing, the monster's movie, the original series, including nature, is not special. The first movie of Gamera, called Japan as "Giant Monster Gamera" was clear that Godzilla wants to be. Even though the film was released during the color film, it was shot black and white. Why? Copying the first movie of Godzilla from the 1950s. Gamera also attacks Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie. I don't know a lot about the Japanese version, for the version I understand and the American version, where events were cut by new images and American actors were introduced (it is unfortunate that one thing happened to Godzilla's first film?) Now if this adds or eliminates on the film, I can't say. But "Gammera's Invincible" is actually not the most bearing for bitterness which is plods just like a great string yourself. "Gammera's Invincible" is a commonly guided movie. The characters come from the stock of science-fiction levels, the story is the opposite, the monster has no real purpose of attacking civilization, acting is laughable, and so on and so on. The only thing that separates from the Godzilla series is the end of the movie, but it is also a barrier since the program that finally stops the Gamera's rampage is absolutely illusion and ignorance. Now all the films and many other items in this type are also suitable for this description, but this is a very good monster movie. And although Shusuke Kaneko later changes Gamera to be a fascinating monster and its trilogy in the 1990s, in the previous series, Gamera was not available for an attractive screen. He was not afraid or sympathetic. He climbs up like a little child, striking every step, and knocks a small layer. As always, everyone wants to destroy Gamera except for a little child (Yoshio Uchida who was lost out of credit though he has a role of 'medium') who thinks Gamera is a beautiful turtle. <br /> <br /> Most movies in the form of "Gammera's Invincible" are part of the simple targets for resistance and this is under extra pressure. Even in many of the Godzilla supporters, this Gamera film is not very good. And apart from my movie experience, some of the movies in the series may be worse or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera would be painted and will continue to fight the creatures. And like Godzilla, he would get cheaper and affordable for each film until the revival period and re-create it again. It is unique. Usually I recommend people connected with nature and adopt remakes. But in the case of Gamera, my decision is just the opposite. I strongly urge people to watch the 1990s of the Gera Geraan led by Shusuke Kaneko and jump over the previous series except the intention. New films are innovative, well done, exciting, and above all, fun. The original series is a long stream of weight.
