I had no idea, but I thought I had something to say. I saw this film two days ago and, although I think it's not a full waste of time (can be financially though, for producers), it definitely has serious problems. It has a video of good movies and (small but) good music. Many have said about Ana Cristina Oliveira but, let's be honest, about what? He is not a real actor who is ever measuring between the most effective and pretending to work. Its performance is beneficial because it has never had someone like Odete in any other film: mad? sad? as a child? offender? no one knows, colleagues. So he is kinda kind of compelling the law here. I thought this film is also a good example of the most difficult Portuguese films facing: sound sounds. There is NO permanent storage and the result is typical of the noise from the blue. People in other countries may think Portugal is the most secure place. I was happy though, it was that some talks were given but it was not necessary to solve the syndrome. Bad Dubbing too, I must say. It is amazing to watch a film that first raises my attention in the first place, when the first character speaks of it: it's called. And all this say that the film has technical problems. <br /> <br /> Also has script problems. Trying to be classical from the first to the last location. There was a fear of despair of stopping suspended objects and what they show. The author was trying to find everything similar and does but ... shows !! All talk is very clear and there is no single part of the discussion that looks like a line from the film. All is a little markup and a little not recommended. It is not that the film is a general mess, we must insist it. I think the best part is very obvious that I prefer to focus on evil. <br /> <br /> Trends bring little into a weak screen. All shots are classical and non-creative, but their good. Great work from Rui Poças, by the way. Now, what I think was a problem, one that prevents people from believing this story and laughing in all the film instead of focusing: A person who plays with a young person who DIES is obviously not a fan. True, It is a very important role and I can't see why non-characters are beaten to those places. This boy is not an actor or a good person. Which means that the whole film flows down the mountain, because we do not believe for the second time that this beautiful woman engages him even though she has gone, and that her lover's lover who lives is actually having a bad time getting more than a loss, while we all see of this character is indifference. Very bad. The world is full of good people who even happen to be good lovers. The world is full of good actors who are also good boys who can cause damage to people after they leave. The world is full of beautiful films and also not very popular film. C'est of vie!
