I read other reviews that showed the view that Platoon was the last round of marine to kill people, kill, use drugs and talk to garbage. <br /> <br /> I disagree with this because the film actually had more, but it's the way, I can see what this person is trying to say: this had no real plot - which is sure I agree. It is an independent stone at its best. He wanted to show, not just how war leads to death, but also how much trouble there is for those who live. Unfortunately, the film looks more than a "magnificent" issue and a great finale is the only way to champagne, a great stance, Oscar-hunting "let's make a permanent image" for my love. The problem I have with Stone and other filmmakers of its ilk is that they cannot understand this concept only: it shows a very bad waste of blood that the war does not give to you or take into account whether it was a war or a sexual crime. . We have seen what happened at that time by Iraq. If you are unsure, I would like to put you in a clear position: if you saw how the second world blood was degrading and how destructive it was in the lives of the soldiers living, would you think it was an unjust war? If the truth alone did not convince them that it was an unfair war, then why the threats of Vietnam should convince them that it was right to go to war at that time. Personally, I support the decision of the United States to go to war in Vietnam, but I certainly do not deal with "this war is wrong because people died and suffered" theory. I don't think that inspiration is always bad for default, just because the war itself is terrible. <br /> <br /> This does not say anything that the last or last "twist" was a little stupid. However, this is not the first stone to leave it with wonder. The wall of the wall was a good film, up to 30 minutes last or so when you did "turn to evil" bad. JFK is probably one of the Stone stone films that have been very successful. But they don't care about this because there was a little conspiracy until the point of the film appeared around it. And that's why I've put it down. It was close to the story-down and finally interesting - unless you fell to the industrial solution.
