I have a big problem with this show, several in fact. A simple list will be enough for now, I will go into more detailed future: the top characters, the song of laughter and boring humor. If you don't want to view other aspects of the evaluation and just read so that you can feel great (if you see anything on this show that I didn't) for a teenager from Canada I will summarize: Friends try, not just because it is unfunny but because it has been damaged by television viewers for new, positive performances (Default, Dexter etc.). Friends are a lot of blame for the TV, "two and a half people" and "king of Queens" as television actors. Now then, on inspection. These characters do not have a soul, they are exactly the same in every way (out of gender and hair color). They take the same action in a bad situation and they are absolutely safe for their own bodies. Where is the crisis and humor that comes with it? Why did Rachel not appear Monica after Monica began to be executed by Rachel's enemy? Why does Joey not know suicide because no one seems to take her? Oh, because he is dumb and he is well with it. This is the curse of having perfect characters: permanent conflict and (a legitimate god) humanity is impossible. Laughing laughter is one thing that would have been dead after birth. Any version that has one is close to the opposite of funny. How can I make that generalization? When the show that demanding a "comedy" requires laughter from the BESIDES Audience should mean the audience without laughing without it. Laughtracks destroys humor by preventing a quick return. Humor becomes building instead of a free spinning tool (see Office, Developed Development). This leads to my next step: humor is bad. There is no way to make perfect behavior than something that makes it (without laughing laughter) just because our daily humor comes from recognizing our mistakes. So what if Monica was 17 years old? He immediately realizes that what he is doing is wrong and breaks with him. There must be a kind of conflict rather than a quick solution. Perhaps his mother finds a friend or a friend tries to run away from him. That would be good, it would be like a defense war! So now I have testified to my position. Many of my friends like to show this because they have never heard of your enthusiasm or promotion of arrest, many of my friends hate this show because they soon began to look to dominate your passion or development. I have looked a little bit of "friends" in my life, but I've looked enough to see the great weakness that you show, in my opinion, undetected. If you have read this far, thank you, and I hope at least start to look at some of the exhibitions I mentioned.
