And the individual who accepts the promotion. At one time a doctor's assistant calls himself as Igor. Using the idea that the computer can be used to replace or regenerate brain functions, this film does not use enough time to explore the foundation. While a lot of screenshots are split between a clash-in-coma collision and dismiss the brain killer. It looks to be a sci-fi / drama / thriller but it fails to deliver on any third. If the Frankenstein remake this one is missing everything that made the original good. No one calls the doctor's publishers or even threatens to beat him out of the hospital. The change area has been a victim of coma to open one eye and an amazing computer that makes it impossible to show even. When the experiment is used no attributes, and when it begins to be damaged there is no response. <br /> <br /> Any doubts about who the killer may be bursting to continue to show him in one room with all possible suspects. Finding a killer is as easy as opening a single file and interacting with one person. <br /> <br /> San Francisco as the environment is short and consumption. The opening chain causes the house to be sure that this happens in the SF, the cable car plays a major role, leads to live in the Mount Manager, Pier 39 makes it appear, and the final match occurs in the Golden Gate Park. Specifically especially with ten feet of rock on the beach - just enough to keep the bridge on the picture at all. Once the clear grounds of the scenery are rounded there is no other attempt made to explore the city. <br /> <br /> Acting is just a grace to save here. Keir Dullea shows a good variety and removes the true emotional scenes. Suzanna's love suggests healing from coma well. Tony Curtis gets only a few lines and twice as many people who see evil and most of the Frankenscience explained away from his assistant. The little baby throws its cues well too. I gave one extra star to the area where the husband runs south from the bridge, reduced to U-turn on the parking lot, and then comes back to the bridge that runs northward. It takes a lot of something - courage, ignorance, end time - to try and interfere with the viewer during one single drive after track.
