The Last Center, the director of Michael Hoffman's songs over the past months in Leo Tolstoy's life, begins with a mist and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in Yasnaya Polyana compound, walking and writing and seeing his wife and supporters "his" course, people dedicated to his pacifism ideas, vegetables, refusal to sex and community property that have gathered in the camp The forest is not too far away. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren) a clear war with the head of his movement Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), who says in his efforts to persuade Tolstoy to sign his work rights on the Russian people are trying to steal the wealth he has to pay for his death on her husband's death. Considering all of this is the new Tolstoy executive, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), the clan of a fool who has broken his love and wants his wife. and Jay Parini, often engaging in a confused district, creating a complex tangle of bonds and opaque incentives that ultimately do not resolve themselves in any satisfactory way. The scope of the film is great, and his story should fix it as well as Tolstoy, whose beliefs were carried out somehow Bolsheviks' and those of pacifists like Ghandi. Unfortunately, it is not known, it includes many gusto fights that continue to eliminate anything. The three-way relationship between the Church, the faithful Sophia and the unbeliever Tolstoy, for example, are frequently mentioned. In the last episode of the dumb shepherd's film in an extraordinary hobby even shows, but the script will not exceed this over-inclusion in the story as an attempt to consolidate or give an example of historical accuracy. There are tons of information in the film, but not enough attention is paid to many of them and so the results of the film are heard, reduced load, power but unfortunately not worth it. In his heart is love story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and the story, as surprising and stable as it is, is the reason for watching the film. Mirren and Plummer are, of course, the best things in the film. Tolstoy's Plummer is unknown, once confused and consistent, of anxiety and full of happiness and uncertainty. Sophia Mirren is full of fear, in the right lather, forced to watch and expect to be silent if her husband gives her time, her things and her money to people who are uncertain and dedicated to her but also clearly have their own property. They are the most beautiful performances, the more so for the greater gap between the real importance of the spaces of spouses in history and the ability to support the script, both Sophia and Tolstoy seem to love in the film by Mirren and Plummer alone, both of them doing the best they can out of small available devices. Giammati and McAvoy, talented actors, can not do that with Cheramatkov's Giamatti does not seem to be a reformer or thief (and not all at once, either) but rather, the position of the whole fund of uncomfortable concern and misleading historical inspiration. The scope of this phenomenon cannot be boiled for anything, it is hitches together, getting to the power of Plummer and Mirren and not more. It is interesting and beautiful, but ultimately not recommended. 4.5 / 10
