This incredible television series (links 26, 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (with two teenage boys) who run a big robot to protect Japan against invading creatures called Angels. There are very few details given to the angels or why their number has increased in recent times, and they seem to have no place without a visible reason (why not attack them all at once rather than the excluded sessions that are easy for humans to try to destroy?). Fighting robot games try to use various obstacles, but the action itself is hanging and interesting. Almost every section looks like losing space where nothing of interest happens. Some may be targeted by fans who refer to references (very little) of the sign here, but it is all - it's one liner for religious or philosophy that has been crafted by skill and crafts. In general this series is very disturbing because of the characteristics of the characters, who have nothing more than the cry of self-reliance. Psychology is exciting, and hopeless conflicts of despair as "I hate my father" from time to time and from time to time without any development of face value. It is not less likely that these characters beat this series from time-to-lose freedom of anger during the last events with their endless, non-psychological repetition diatribes (some of which are completely useless). I don't know when I say that this series has increased more and worse as it continued. Every day I would like to watch a DVD on my bedroom table and say to myself, "Damn, I've been looking at the next part at some point (mourn). The real kicker was that only about 25 minutes, but somehow they were able to dig into a very impressive weight within 10 minutes of opening. This comes from a boy who sits happily through a film of 150 minutes and glazing pacing, so my resistance to this series is even worse. It has never been in my entire life I like to watch a series like "Evangelion." I had already bought it from all the false comments on the IMD, and I really did not go to collect dust after spending my hard earned money. What was followed was 10 hours of torture, without being closed. My love / hate relationship with anime is turning into a relationship of hate / love after this tragedy. Evangelion represents everything anime should not be - a large amount of improper fanaticism, under the shadow of an intelligent film. The mention of the world by this piece is a wonderful thing; and the claim of fraud and fans that this series as "one of the greatest achievements of humanity" is probably the most favorable views I have ever heard on IMDb - and I have seen some doozi.
