I regularly see some of this show because my wife watches them sometimes. I am trying to enjoy because it is a basic idea that helps a family that is needed, but several things get along the way for me. Each section follows the same pattern in which most parts are visible (located) and tears that are seen. The attempt to run the viewer with a mixture of emotional breakdown and sad music is really my exit. The fact that everyone who offers something at home, whether Sears or anyone, gives herself to be generous as well as a thousand. Probably the biggest problem that I have all is that it must be a large amount of money and a small army of workers includes creating a wonderful on top of the home for one family. Now I know that this amount of money is nothing but a drop in a bucket for Disney / ABC but how much more can be done for more people and how much they put one house? Instead of focusing on one family and making them all right during the period why don't you help 10 families and show important things? Isn't life hard for an ordinary person? Why do I need help to find things to be sad about, why not show something that will lead to it without leading? I know what happens to these families is good, but it is also used for testing. You can't tell me that they haven't been taught sometimes in crying. I think when I see these people moved home where many hardworking people in the United States can't afford their children very troubling me. I can't help but think what can be done for a small amount of Disney money. Instead of giving each member of a flat TV and private or private family that tells you the water temperature and comes out of the ceiling why don't you help more people buy food, clothes, education and medical insurance? I know so we can be happy and have a good cry. For money, I feel like Oprah. I don't think anyone can catch the amount of money he has. Yes, his recent show did a good thing, but he gave $ 30,000 for everyone to lose a "opponent" sitting here to think ... that's a salary for many people, many ... if they are lucky. Don't make me start on the game displays. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition is "doing well", but forgiving me if I see it as serving more than giving itself. What? Is there anyone out there who feels right?
