This movie is not just about football. It's about Jesus / GOD! It is the same kind of cement to purify the gold that comes from the soldiers who are fighting against Jesus, or the bustling of Jesus. Yes, Jesus was totally beaten, he loved contact games, and certainly had a complete set of dumb bells. DUHHH! This film would have the right to "Hiking to Jesus," or one thing in that way only to enable the general public to have the real intention of this movie is to turn people into Christianity, and to drive out those whose minds are whitened in the blood of the sheep. That name comes from the Bible is explained when the chief coach reads his Bible and asks Jesus for help. The latest of the latest games "Uncertain" was once more inspiring than this, and Jesus did not even matter. It was only a desire and a personal decision and dream. One feels that the only message is the only way you can succeed and make a good advantage is if you accept Jesus as your personal Savior. But this is not true, and it is a lie that is promoted by those who believe it to be true and want everyone to believe. An example of a winning runner thanking Jesus when he succeeds comes straight to the mind. What does he lose? Does he curse Jesus? Of course no! When he loses Jesus is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible when he conquers. And logic goes round and round, and its end where a true believer needs to be, every time !! I had to breathe when the area with a coach received a new brand of brand came so I could stop flying on the floor laughing my ass and catching my breath. Prejudice is not what Jesus taught. I find that it is strange that many so-called "Christians" seem to forget or ignore this message from their "savior", especially when I see Jesus' fish behind a huge SUV gas that loves me if I am still standing. that it seems that Jesus cares more about the winning record of the football football team that he does about millions of hungry children in the world. The last part where the safe and safe boots of the kicker focus on the jungle field 51 and is hyped as a strange wonder sign puts the gag I end with a spoon finger red flag on this turkey. I gave only three stars because the boy who played the black coach can do it.
