I have been mocking and being teased by fellow Christians by saying my weaknesses and this movie. I find such an explanation: "I can't believe you didn't like it! It's done by Christians!" "Everyone gave their time and no one was paid for the film! It was done by the church and not Hollywood. We should spend our money on movies like this! They just made $ 100,000 to make the film." "This is for the true church and the Christian school in Georgia! The preacher wrote and guided." Therefore, it seems, the reason I have to love this movie is simply because of the way it was made and the lowest amount of money used to do it and what was done by Christians. That's all it takes to love the movie. See, I've got a movie without knowing about the history of the film. I had never heard and I had no idea - except soccer - what it was. I watched as I watched any film and I was desperate. I was disappointed in the tribal editor and artwork. I was very sad about the resolution after the peak. Don't worry. There have been other cheap films and other EXPENSIVELY making movies that have been given a little respect from me. It's not about making a film. It's the end result. The author acknowledges that God cannot say "yes" everything we ask in the way we want, but he wanted to show by faith, God changes our life. That's true. However, God can change our lives and we can still be powerless. God can change our lives and we cannot get from our work. God can change our life and our car is still the old jalopy. God can change our lives and our home is still stinky. Why didn't he show that in the movie? Some expressed their concern to the author / director about it, but obviously, he was defending himself. I don't think that acting was awesome or many shots of the environment. I love the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing His amazing power and weaknesses. <br /> <br /> Write and guide were very weak. It is easy to distinguish this because most characters do not develop. All we get from the coach's wife is not pregnant (well, to the end of the movie). It seems like there was only a football player who was likely to have an attractive and selected character inside. original before. "Another problem was the Christian school itself. Umm, I have worked for two Christian schools, I had one, and I had many newborns and scholars in other Christian schools. All in all, I have had a close relationship with those ten. None of the problems I saw in all these schools were addressed. I saw this as an absolute surreal in the movie about their school and wanted they had shown human cause. It would be good to see the measure of truth and how God can work. I will fast by saying that every work - either written or drawn or played on the instrument - is part of the world view of the artist. The world view that has been shown to me in this film is "People who ask for ways to win football, they get new cars, they think when they could not, get a chance, and get their home strong - all within a short time." I like to love the movie just because of the cleanliness of the people who have made it. I think I love to love the movie because it had done well and for other reasons.
