I watched this film in a group of young people, where my good boyfriend and his wife beat on it. Then some of the adult couples in a church-related Christmas party had deceived themselves in providing a copy of this film to every family who attended, and now my family is finished with the film (although thanks is still in the shrinkwrap). I cried with great tears on these sad events, and this is why: First off: this film is good, especially if you are a Christian like me. This movie tries to show that you should put your faith in God and that it will make your life better. Not bad, right? Eh. It turns out to be a problem - one big. This movie was made by the church, so of course every single issue should be addressed easily to Christians. All black-and-white, no gray areas. The grace and will of God in this film is something that can be predictable, and comes immediately to all who do His bidding. This is not God I know. This is not a Christian life that I know. The God I believe is a strong and trustworthy God, but He is not hiring every one of my motives. I follow him as I can, although going is often hard; but the football team in this movie finds simplicity and control easier than anyone should get. I cannot be associated with cardboard pieces that come from the wrong side to the right side of the films of the film. And when I follow his commands as described in the Bible, I certainly do not find myself under the blessings if these characters do. The greatest of my immediate rewards is to know that I have done the right thing; anything else comes with a long, aggressive, complicated job. But make an example of this set of films: Grant Taylor standing in a football team at a Christian school in Shilo, which has had a season of 6th loss in the column. He can lose his job on it, and he and his wife are less than money as it is. They want a child, but the doctor tells him he is sick. Oh, and his car doesn't work. And the boys on his football team are disrespectful of their parents, whiny after their losses, and evil in the brilliant goals of brilliant. This is the point of one community of rundown here. But wait, Grant Taylor decides to go to God for everything! And she passes her faith to her team. So far, it's very good. Not for a long time. When they begin to obey, they are truly blessed. Suddenly the pupils do not respect their parents; the school has a great "revival"; The team begins to win ALL game; they even win the big championship against the hard team in the league! Labor coach Taylor is assured; the school gives him a shiny truck as now (which, by the way, is an example of low-level employers, poor weather); she gets to add; His wife (get this) even gets pregnant from her reproductive seed! And the crippled child can run its first goal of creating a field when indeed! Wowzers, woot, yay, to praise the Lord, to me, to go! .... YIPE only. No one in my church has ever seen Christ in such a cut and dry way. Yes, there have been one hundred miracles in my family, as well as gifts and comfort of the creation, and I thank them for God's grace and kindness. But God is not a pipe that will break out and extinguish it for good or bad! He is a great secret in general; His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you don't need them but they do the truth. It's a long slog, hard on a perfect road, and things don't happen the way you think. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But because of its huge weight and running, it is tanks to 1/10. It is still the worst act and games of sports games seem to be just a pimples near the false fiction that this film is not suitable. To all future church planning arrangements for the film: don't be afraid to show the REAL life, even you have to add incorrect facts in the mix. However, a large number of primary people are reduced to treating this cotton candy, no one has learned anything from them. Give us the meat, bones, things of REAL! True life applies to everyone, not just Christians, and that is the same place "Dealing with Giants" could not understand.
