Scarecrows are one of those films which, for a little work, a little more dimension, and a lot of logic of the story, would have compelled you like to enter the panic. As it stands, it is still a creepy film which has make-up effects and gore, and a premise that supports the state of fear despite itself. And hey, no young people are killed directly - only adults, so that's a fun change of speed. And the plot of the conspiracy is the same as the Dead Birds, as well as the theft of rejection, the house caused by the destruction of the center of any place, and the demonic monsters. But like Dead Birds, adults are still ignorant, walking around cluelessly before being killed directly, and they ignore the obvious danger. <br /> In Scarecrows, however, we do not know the odd fact why, and that helps the conditions of humidity. And as clowns, scarecrows can be very creepy; unless it looks like Ray Bolger, of course. Run in a plane and a pilot with his daughter, after stealing millions of robberies, a military army is hit twice with one of them; A very frightened guy named Burt. He jumps out of a plane with a big, heavy box, which holds money and no visible plans to move around once he's down. Since it is difficult for the group, he is killed first. But not before it happened on Fowler's residence, nestled snuggly with many very visible ears, and surrounded by a wooden fence around with copper wire and many warnings to stay away. With higher weather on the roof, with hats and pterodactyl, should be a warning sign, too. Inside the house is also an advertisement (for us to the audience, however). <br /> <br /> By disrespecting, we should listen to Burt's thoughts in a loud voice, for he walks around and secretly comes on the key to the truck rolled in the yard. The key way that could happen would be enough to have my pants - with me in them - jumping out the door. It is probably just me, but I enjoy enjoying people's lips moving on the screen, even when they think loudly. It helps strengthen the action, and gives the actor more to do than just look like what the voice says. Burt hoists box on the truck and makes his getaway. Certainly why? The reduced trucks always have a lot of gas in them, especially at today's prices, and batteries? no problem. Now, I said that Burt was the hardest of the group, and here's why (for the above, of course). Wearing nightclub holes to walk through the leaves and find a house, he takes them away to drive it away, and instead, he returns to the top of the head to see where he is going. Of course, sticks are still in the airport of its truck trucks, and know where he leads. Brilliant. He deserves to die. Certainly. I do not know why he needed night vision for the first place, as any place is so bright, from the airplane, to the night out of the environment, and the house. The author of the movie was either. myopic, b. just out of school, or c. handle the cheap film. Burt meets its loss when the truck dies in the middle of anywhere. Go to the statistics. Touch one very good, and there, I must admit, a few in the film, is the fact that when opening the cover of the truck, there is no engine. Surprised, be sure (and inserting pants feedback again here). The logic of the story fails when the dead, now-like-flounder-and-money-and-straw-Burt returns home. The rest of the group is there, standing, then realizing that he is dead, and he was bound and inserted as a flounder with money and leaves. The Dead Burt can manage the fight altogether, however, and hold one partner with the mouth, run through the window, and make him use far more than he can look at the gorylicious area. At this point, you would think they could run out of the house and return to the plane - but noooo, they decided to stay and watch all the money. In fact, the whole Burt is a deadly place taken instead of the real thing, though one bright bulb in the group said, "Burt was going closer to death, for chrissakes!" Suddenly stolen money appears on the outside of the house, and strokes go lucky. Recently, one of them, Jack, has been sent, and again the area has been made well and terrifying, involving a handsaw of light and no anethesia. Now there are three people emerging as they destroy, and one of them needs a hand, in fact. When one of those who see they are afraid of Jack when they stumble, he starts screaming, running like hell, and blowing his gun in a traditional military style. To a large extent for all training under pressure pressure. He meets others and stops his songs explaining why he is shouting, running like hell, and running his gun, though people seem to be chasing him. Again, the logic of the script ... He died and gutted, Jack returns home, and follows the player for normal results. If you are listening to Jack's necklace, by the way, you can see, according to your age, that it is one voice of the sound of the sound that has always heard in the Lost In Space TV. <br /> <br /> Last two attacks of survivors away from the house and return to the plane, escaping. But what? You will need to see the film to find out.
