I watched SCARECROWS because of the buzz around it. Well, I can't imagine anyone who likes this film because it's bad, bad, bad. It is clear that anyone who made this film does not know one thing about fear. The whole story is an unsuccessful marriage of two types: movie action (gun and criminals) and fear (charming scarecrows). When criminals are murdered directly by the look of poky, the two types of direct contacts because, first, they are criminals and care for criminals, and secondly, because they are stupid boot criminals! Have a scarecrows of zombie going after them doesn't work here. What are the fears there? I wanted criminals to die of terrible deaths, obstacles. But the story has been built very badly that this type of marriage, which can be original if it works well, HERE gel. We are only left with a dense group of criminals and a group of worries, who "live" for any interesting reason that filmmakers thought. To make matters worse is the fact that movies are awesome (TV like) and, the worst of all, all the chat groups are told about CBs, and we continue to hear the conversations that have been discussed on non-fiction photos as we look at the radio show. This section was actually BAD. The director should be shot on the spot by coming up with such a stupid mind! I can't tell you how bitter it was. <br /> <br /> As I said already, criminals in SCARECROWS are incredibly ignorant. For example, when a person shows suddenly, trembling and filled with money and leaves (yep, leaves) in his great open wound, others ask you "What medicine does he do?" after blowing tons of bullets in it, he cannot kill him (he has been "zombiefied" and worried.) Do not ask ...). Get a great clue, morons. I have never seen these stupid people in the film. And then there is a girl. I wanted to be one of those who slapped him quickly because he had pain in the butt. When he sees his father wrapped in a nail for a "cross", he actually claims the criminals in a humiliating situation (acting badly), though criminals could not do it. He was a dad! But fear is a great weakness in this very flick flick. They do not threaten. Nothing is told about them. They are just a plot of device in this film full of films. Mr Wesley, copying the scarecrow face for 30 seconds is not known anything except disgust. And that has a head of speaking in the fridge. Thank you for laughter. All in all, this was one of the worst movies I have seen recently (and I have seen many films these days!) Between SILO equivalent to KILLER or SCARECROWS, I would like to look at SILO KILLER again. Yes, SCARECROWS is bad.
