The orange voice for everything was just lucky. Oh, the main character lives in the ghetto which is orange-yellow and orange. At the same time, to avoid intellectual disruption of this physical disorder, he plays the full video game of immersion (which comes in that there are no clear rules and no logic next to the gameplay). He seems to have earned a game play but has been revealed that he is not a company employee? Lots of non-chatting future stories come out slowly. He uses a glitchy orange computer interface and an operating link that appears to be bad and I can only feel that release of Microsoft later. At the same time, I, the viewer, ask basically why he destroys his valuable time of some ethical game while having life needs? Oh, playing games are fun, but what are you when you have almost hungry? While striking his life away from playing a good-to-talk-much-orange-speaking game, his dog runs away (perhaps looking for the owner who pays at least during the note and feeding it regularly) or stolen from the woman (while ignoring her reality orange). At the same time he looks at another game his team playing game lost the whole movie not interesting. Dialing. So he wants to be better, go to Ash Catchem (get it all for us). Golly, this great character takes it as a human being and does not have the characteristics of redemption except for its physical beauty (which can prevent somehow to avoid its infringing poverty). at least, not too young and sent to kill a young boy who lived at the "Real" level. Finally the orange-orange bland is no longer good to take care of, but has the ability to say something along the line "The main character has been hit in computer-generated poverty and he is actually in the real world now". Maybe he will commit crime and live in the real world now? Indeed, he kills the boy and loses the digital effect. Wow! Thank you idiotic director. It stimulates, motivates, the director. Here the director had half of the opportunity to liberate himself by giving birth to this shade film with shades of shadow and philosophical thought. <br /> <br> Director can say, "The true WORLD is there and if you stay in and contribute to make it good, it will not be the country of orange color." The wisest way to make this film is an exciting lesson on the basic civil pride (for 1% of viewers who have not found something to watch at this time or is a film-eyechists). <br /> <br /> Word, director. The director had to ring all this by attacking the digital impact of damage and destroying all the liberation positions for this film of concern that was losing money, wasting time, and losing the trust of the audience. After this, it ends. Good breach. I hope the director motivates her. I place this HACK on my list of "avoiding all costs" for other films with its name being connected.
