You get a gift. It's very closed. The box is placed in a wooden frame and shows the lowest detail. That is then she is wrapped in a very fine paper, decorated with hands and hand strapped by many talented artists. The whole thing is locked in fiber threads made with beautiful silk lace. It's eyes to see. <br /> <br /> Then cut the ribbon, strip the paper, open the box, and see ... nothing. That's TOYS. You can enjoy the installation, or don't forget about it. <br /> <br /> Movies are not without a point and purpose: War is not a good thing. Well, not the original! Ethics is very obvious that it is even amazing to say it. And even this unconscious understanding is under the story of the war-wars of the toys in particular - it is a bad thing, until they need an exciting peak and the film symbolizes war using innocent toys. It is like a man who testifies, testifying to preaching, and finishing saying "Just giving birth." But even if an empty box, the film fails to explore closely. Yes, it is seen to see with amazing pictures, surprisingly. The sets are creative and cinematic holding scenes with color and skill. But the picture is cool and emotional can not. As a screenplay, looking for the film is not recommended and sometimes it will not be good and surreal. It is a film that wants to tell wonderful events like strange and special things, but it shows them that the creation of a universe that is empty and cold. The film tries to be funny, in a manner, but humor is compulsory and fake. Robin Williams, as a successor inherited by the toy toy toy, looks at the ad-lib shtick, which looks just a stranger to a wonderful world, very cool lives. In fact, the high references and sex values ​​that do not agree that are scattered everywhere are the opposite of fable of such a child as the film tries to be. For this film to work, or be prudent, it needs to put in its own world, Oz far away from Kansas. Whenever the joke will let us know in fact, the toyland film becomes increasingly sham-clear <br /> <br />. It is a pity that he had trouble getting help. As many pet projects that are finally done (RADIOLAND MURDERS, RADIO FLYER & BATTLEFIELD: Country have good models) seems to be blind in the field of film shows. Perhaps Levinson was directed and adjusted JAPA many times in his head that he had no new vision for finally came to the sound of the voice. He was perfect to die. Most of the tips mentioned in the film are amazing, mechanical, windy. So the film itself is the same.
