Praise fluff, which combines its fault with trying to be meaningful. Joan, this time as a congresswoman, Agatha Reed, chairman of the volunteer committee "exploring the cost of food." Congresswoman Reed says, "The housewife has been inserting it into a very long neck. I will continue to fight for a long time so that the American family can have a vacation once a year, watch a weekly movie and feed the elephant nuts." He is all the business, but it becomes every gushy when he was given a degree of honor from the College of Good Hope, where he was expelled from the crime that he sat all night (similar to Joan's real life is clear here, as in all Joan Style). The bridge leads to a high degree in college ("That will make it the largest institution in the history of education!") ?? but Joan doesn't know this when he comes. College president, Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young, very powerful, becomes a former Joan teacher? and partner. It had * he that spent the night out, all the years ago, but Joan saw it was better to get lost than try and describe a troubled college that was about to get married. Typically, this top event is available for the magazine * Life *? and who is the photographer gets? But another of Joan's former lovers? this, he fought with China "during the war", and thinks Joan might have problems with his old fire. These Arden, playing Joan's assistant, "Woodie," is in his player and the most smart-alecky in this film ?? and his unnecessary words that will make you dismiss his job, if you love him very much. But it's not just like Eve in this, as in all of her responsibilities, you plead with her. He is a root and not a fighter, you would like to pay him just to trust him and be one of the boys. When Joan cried out at her alma mater, Eve tells her "it seems to be sharp." But Joan says that maybe others see a collection of buildings, he, Joan, sees young people? he himself eager to expect, asking "What is Life?" But, of course, if we go into detail about Joan at 18, the truth can be a little different. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the main problem in any look of the Joan movie. You can call his characters whatever you want, but it's always all Joan, all the time. Therefore, since what we see is always Joan, it is easy to pass the names of the character. Is that just misleading when Joan is trying to tell us something without a lie, such as his own details in 18? when we know that at 18, Joan had gone around several times. Many men would have called him eager, and even if he was optimistic, he had had several pregnancies at this time. But that's a personal problem, and I'm struggling, but I wanted to explain why I say things like "?? and then Joan does" this or that, or "We see Joan as ..." when we can't watch home movies. Is there a time when there is no sense of trick that Joan is given to Clara's pope who left behind in college? A quick calculation tells us that Joan and Clara were normal and this is a transparent approach to make us believe that Joan is younger than he seems. Fails. What also fails is the attempt of the early 50-degree political accuracy. In the story, Joan has written a book about free speech and made a film (no, not one on plumber), and attracts the priority of the first 50s college, Dr. Pitt, who is almost to escape his opinion, which is surprisingly similar to Joan. This is where the amazing film becomes a moral story? One weak, sure, but perhaps the only thing that puts it out of trouble.
