This film was bad I don't know whether to laugh or cry. I was very optimistic of Horrorfest that year, which was also the first year I attended Horrorfest, and it should say Horrorfest and all its films take a false spell to a new level. Madados for advertisers because I am sure they mislead many people to spend money and see those movies that year. Hamiltons were easier than what I had seen (the other that I saw was chaos, the Darkness of Darkness, and Resurrection). The film cover and trailer made it appear to be a family of people who could visit the neighborhood I thought was a fascinating plot, just a disappointment at the end of discovering that it was 'coming to age' stories about the boy's change to become a vampire. Why the drama overcomes any feeling of fear in this film. And to make even the most ridiculous conspiracy, they add in a set of horny twins who can't wait to take 'bite' out of another person, and some deadly creature is locked in the basement, which if I discovered what '' had a secret that was not revealed at the end of the film so, I would have left the semi-going to the film. <br /> <br /> Complete the financing of time and time. Cut forty minutes from this film, and do it in a show show like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural and would have received more praise than this. Full grass! Not too bad that two years later, I must go back to the IMD and I will write a review on it because it still looks at my memory as one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Also, when you read this, click explicitly from Horrorfest movies later. Many you can do is hire from Blockbusters or watch online somewhere. Horrorfest has a film from independent filmmakers who can not do it on big screens, and all the crap about 'things that they don't show on movies', they were not referring to blood or guts, or fear ... they were referring to movies themselves. Because they are awesome. Think of Horrorfest as the bottom edition of the Sundance Film Festival, but for awesome movies. Sorry for all 'hate', but the next time you think twice before cheating the money from their money.
