Hamiltons tells the story of four Hamilton brothers, young Francis (Cory Knauf), twins of the Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) & Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and the first David (Samuel) who is now the parent of the concerned parent. The Hamilton house of many trips, Franics does not know why & it is not recommended through things. The fact that his brother and sister grabs, imprisonment and killing people in the apartment is not good to relax or calm Francis's nerves. Francis know something is wrong and when it finally gets the truth will not be the same again ... <br /> <br /> Written, co-produced and directed by Mitchell Altieri & Phil Flores as Brothers Butcher (who is another film director of the film) so far is April Fool (2008) to fix it, enough said this was one of 'Films to Die For' in 2006 After Dark Horrorfest (or whatever is called) & paste to pretty much all I saw I thought Hamiltons was perfect full I have seen that such behavior is very poor, unseen by the moving story of failure to overcome my thoughts or develop my interests over 85 minutes & half too long for 86 minutes. There's a bad problem at the end that has made me loud, this great thing that continues to build into a cup of cup in the Hamiltons bottom and was finally revealed to be a little teddy boy. threaten us? What? That should accuse us? What? That's something that should give us to talk about it as a final credit card? Is the little boy who seems to be the best 'moving' player that the creators can come up with? The heartbreak is going along, it is not made clear where the Hamiltons get all the money to buy a new home since none of them seem to work (except David at the slaughterhouse and I doubt that it pays the amount) or why they have never been caught before now. The script tries to combine in the daily ceremony with fearful scenery and only makes the awesome task of mixing two so much that there is no memorable or effective feature. The worst movie I am trying to say anything good about. <br /> <br /> Though written and led by many noisers of sounding sounds here, there is a splatter of blood and a few cases of girls bound on an apartment but nothing that can not do at home with a ketchup of tomato & camcorder . The movie is not afraid and because it has urban center settings there is zero or feeling. There are lesbians and they say incestuous kiss but the hamiltons are down at the level of exploitation & no much here for a terrible crowd. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Petaluma in California has a modern low-budget look on it, it is not done badly but rather forget. Acting and unknown (to me) is not something to write at home & I can't say that I ever heard anything for anyone. The Hamiltons make the sin of the cardinal to be beautiful and terrible from which it is not available. Add to that thin thin story, no year, the end of garbage and the character of someone you don't know about & have a film that doesn't really matter to me.
