Consider this attempt as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". Installed in Hawaii, it is a crime crime / adventure game, many cases of fragments and palms and polyester fabrics and garish shirts ... even the star character "Zulu" in the role of helping. Oh, there is a small difference - Roy Thinnes should be a lower member of the front row, and support is very small (and less attractive), but basically the sky is still the same. The problem is, "Hawaii Five-O" (other QM products) have already existed and have moved for years. It filled the market demand for the crime of Hawaii crime enough. Code Name: The head of the Diamond can be a source of H50 as the previous series was lost away ... but it comes as a high-level, 2. It does not get, but it comes entirely and does nothing like the original. <br /> <br /> There are good talents to work here. Thinnes is an old pro, and he gives his place more shot, and he's not bad. But Thinnes is just as good as its material and its director. Ian McShane is here as a bad witch witch called "Mti", and McShane tends to be the most interesting actor in any area that is seen. But she calls her part here. Frances Ngyuen is looking out wonderfully, but its amazing skins, opaque features, good impulses and wood delivery are not things that dreams are made. Depending on him giving 'romantic interest' to Thinnes was probably the most serious of the series. At least for a series of white viewers brought by Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as our love gods. Give him 30 lbs and a year for training / voice coach, and he can cut it. Zulu is, well, its recreational fun in a small part, but not a person who can take a feature with himself. In addition, the plot and dialogue are effective for numbers, without anything to distinguish from any other Quinn Martin production. And for now, US television viewers saw a lot of QM production .... I think "CN: DH" was one very, and it fell without a track. It was not the fault of the characters, and I hope they left for this with a decent payment and getting more into C.V. them. <br /> <br /> MST3000 revived this for their treatment in their sixth season, and they were happy with nature and that. Prefer to search in this version if you like to enjoy MST's japery style of the movie and lights, but I can imagine anyone who cares about this attempt for any other reason.
