Ha. Of course Tommy is the evil here. I don't know why, but for some reason, small children in horrible movies come like small buttocks. and because they are children, they will not die. because they are sad… well .. except for fear of fear. but those are few and far away. <br /> <br /> Probably on film. Can't find this film on DVD? surely you can! what you need to do is buy a packet of DVD to Chilling grade! not only get Metamorphosis on DVD for 15 dollars, but also get 49 MOVIES Other! what business! pff. OK. I have made ads for these fun movies. let's just say, this film is not recommended only 15 bucks. So we have a chemistry scientist. yes. cause all scientific scientists to look as good as this guy playing Peter. He tries to come with serum to prevent the deterioration of the body. The college she works wants to cancel her project, so she tries herself. but because this is a terrible movie, he raises and starts with a sequence of long-term changes that takes about 3/4 of the film. <br /> <br /> To lose the movie gets a relationship with a woman who has a son. and she was never married! scandal! But of course Tommy is one of the most angry characters .... no. I take it again. He is the most angry character. Far worse than an old man with a disability who wants to take a peter job and acts on it while in hospital. That is true, even if a person with a disability, can still be human. So we see Peter begin to kill people randomly in his vision until he knows he is doing and decides to kill everyone in his way back to normal. However at the end of the end he holds the opening of the lizard. Well, I know I ask. Finally there is no meaning. And if you are hoping for any good profit, you will not find it. <br /> <br /> This is not a movie of HORRIBLE .... it is only happy because of the lack of good benefits. if you already own a 50 movie pack and this is next to your list, you don't have to snoozer, but also there was no great film. Just sit back, relax, and eat a lot of snacks. Because this film will not give you out of your skin anytime soon. Metamorphosis gets 4 heads of plastic lizard, out of 10.
