"Metamorphosis" holds a little of the value of worship, just because it is written and led by George Eastman. This Italian bloke is more or less monitoring of the male sleaze and seems to be the most productive of the production of Joe D'Amato sharp at the end of the 70 / early 80s. Euro and own the only movie headed by someone who surrounded without locking in "Erotic Nights" at all times? I thought so! Now, unlike the movies that he has emerged, Eastman himself "Metamorphosis" is a kind of disappointing in the department's & sleaze departments. There are a few of the most beautiful killings, the effects of a cheesy monster and two female naked (the appearance of visitors and queen of Sleaze Laura Gemser!) To show, but it is mainly a movie chat. Mr. Houseman is a good and scientific man with his research on the principles of human DNA when suddenly the university works by threatening to cancel his money. He established the theory of defining genes and preventing human trafficking, but if he does not come with detailed information at any time soon, his research will be dissolved. So Dr. Houseman does what any scientist can do and injures an unhealthy serum in his own veins. Needless to say (and if the head means), he turns slow to become a monster killer who actually has a very fast! In other words, his research was followed! If other critics have already been mentioned, this film "claims" many ideas from David Cronenberg's "The Fly"? A small plot of small romance is included - but it does not provide any originality from them. The main difference is that you always feel with the behavior of Jeff Goldblum in "The Fly", where Dr. Houseman becomes just another monster that needs to be destroyed as soon as possible. The epidemic of the rapid illness of the epidemic also reminds that the “Phantom of Death” of Ruggero Deodato caused under the legacy, is the only protagonist in the film who inherited the disease and did not give himself. The physical lack of builders is very similar in both films, though. Few awesome or excited to discover here, instead of the movie has bad practice features, bad lighting, good editing and a delayed priority. Feel free to fly this.
