Pretty bad but watchable and entertaining. It is the old story (if you have lived through the 80 years). Vietnam's animals are fighting together as partners against injustice back in the States. The team meets Death Wants, I love! The time goes on, the soldiers go home, and years later the friend is in trouble. No, be patient - in fact, the friend has died and is the father of trouble. Our first hero, Joey, is assassinated by the tenderizer (super pointy) while trying to defend his father's shop from the "protection" storeroom despite having closed wheel chairs from war. Failure of support, the father speaks to Sarge, the leader of the former Joey from Vietnam, when Sarge shows for the funeral. Well, the trough wheel gets grease, and the old group stands for the city. You can very much think of all the movies. One thing that made me is that Sarge continues to make her men on planning, and about how they are doing well in what they do when planning a plan. But Joey did not want to be put on the wheel to shoot in Vietnam at the first time if the unit was not around it! Then when things go well in the city as they fight with groups, they do it again. Because there is absolutely no, they whistle their program and try to nail the group without anyone present. Phh !!!! I raise my hands to ignore. Evil! There is also a suspicion period where all current members of the unit make sure they try the heroin they give from the group to make sure it is true. Each of them. Hmm .... What do you do? Keep looking, I think. The movie is not too bad to look, but it's a tease. There is always a climate when there is nothing to the wind. The greatest things that are happening are those at the beginning of the movie - bombs in Vietnam, the death of Joey's death, and the group is brutally assaulting the innocent chick (poor Teddy!). I think my main cow and movie is that I feel I quit. Even a mix of confusion with "secret assistants" and their intellectual intentions did not save the last. But one day maybe all will come well and they will do good. Ha ha ha ha !!!
