If you have a bad day, or a bad week. If you are looking for a film that will make you laugh and forget your problems. I don't think the Frames Ear is that movies for you. <br /> <br /> Movie clips near Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) Two juices, who go to school to promote products, tell children to stay away from drugs, and more juices. But Danny has had the worst week ever, destroying his company's car, and Wheeler in his seat next to him. Once a former partner of Beth (Elizabeth Banks) who is a lawyer, he can avoid keeping them in jail, by making public service hours, volunteering in a large area of ​​brother called Sturdy Wings headed by Gayle (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is given Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson) who is 10 years old, and has a bad mouth as he Chris Rock. Danny is sent to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight, and fight as he is during the medieval time. But this would be good for Danny and Wheeler, or would they be better off jail? Well I can't beat around the bush, this movie was not very good in many ways. So Ronnie's behavior, hearing the bad words that came from the little child, was very surprising. If he was a little old, he wouldn't have much. What I mean when his parents think, while enrolling for this. Elizabeth Banks' behavior is very unknown, perhaps I had to feel bad for her behavior, but I do not feel anything, because she explains with contempt as a woman who will be played in these types of comedies. And Jane Lynch, who is quite bad. He gives the most affected performance ever. Playing old old drug addict, who does if he still has drugs. To listen to him to the crushing conversation, it makes me to throw my head on the wall. Seann William Scott again playing another character like Stifler, should really try to isolate himself, and this film will not do it. And Scott more tries to be hard, what is preventing him from being funny. Now Paul Rudd on the other hand, I'm different from the others in the film, because he can offer a strong performance, though not more available, but he is more attractive behavior from others. Because Rudd should not, and not try too much. Exhibition with him and Mintz-Plasse can be seen. But some of the films are stupid, they often take. But it becomes so predictable and not recommended. It is a reminder that these types of comedies do not try something new, however, they will not take place. An example of roles is an example of that.
