(Only a few traders except as described). I have enjoyed many Spanish movies recently; The real Spanish movies of people like Almodovar, and the Latin cinema of directors as del Toro, who "The Heavenly Devil", placed in the Spanish War, was the most frightening film over the last decade. Therefore, it is not surprising that all this film has been done well, it has been done well, and will be able to develop a different Spanish atmosphere. But it is also a bad and worthless film if someone can hope it doesn't have to see. <br /> <br /> What! What is all of this? We have no real idea which led to an interesting attitude to start his murder, despite the fact that a large amount of voice-on-the-story comes directly from his narcissistic magazine. In the opening of the usual opening, put more than a decade earlier, we see the tendency to kill his girlfriend with the rage of self-control and freakery ("If I can't have someone who can?"). Typically, this is perhaps one of the best in the film, but it does not have enough connection to its future murder, which looks quite differently in inspiration and implementation. What happened to him in prison to change this change? We have no idea, though we will later discover, as a non-sad type of post-study, that he got a law degree when he was imprisoned. <br /> In the UK, in several popular "legal killer" or "sex" killing "case, a terrible question happens; how about a wife? Did she know, or accusing what was happening? This is a question that this film could ask, and in fact the wife begins to emerge as one of the most interesting characters. But the ban, the answer to the question is quite clear: "No, she was not". Even when the great opportunities like this have been presented on the plate, the film will still be able to do it. for the purpose of the end, it is a romantic preparation of money in the post-event after this event. Compare this with the worst period of revelation in the Tenth Place of Rillington, where Christie's wife says "do you know what I mean?" allow us to understand in the worst case of knowledge and the restricted problem. \ t (1) Major spoiler in this paragraph. At the same time, we should believe that the killer himself is a criminal expert who he clarifies the police, and thus find the briefest of the button in the mental hospital before being released to kill again. How did he do this exactly? The program gets very sketchy at this point; something to do and intentionally leave certain signs to the police; but how this all works or why, or how the next court case goes, remains confidential. I really don't believe ordinary killers are like this. The Lamb's tranquility can be comic things, but? Get aside? gets its right killers. They are very worried, very worried, very unworthy people; not a very interesting specialist presented here (very close to the last suave of the modern Horror Movie, or actually even a Beasted dog, although apparently it did not know that that was satire). This film has little concerns, and it combines a little humor that the plot can produce. It doesn't mean to say about the motivation of ordinary killers, in general, or in a particular cultural setting of Spain. This is nothing more than an unfavorable excuse to show a good attitude to women. And odd, what makes this violence so bad is the failure of some confidence even as it was presented. The basic characteristic of what is shown only makes it even more visible to damage. Just one clear shot, of good time, would be more amazing, and it would have made all the rest without absolutely necessary, allowing it during the film more enough out of the basket holes in order and character. Instead, just find the endless shots of young women spread across the table in their beautiful and revealing clothes. Especially. Sorry to be wise; I love horrible films, and I can endure even the most extreme, to the extent of being concerned about my partner. But I think anyone who gets this beautiful film, or interesting, even I would like to quit it. The purpose of the terrible film is to fear you; this is very bad. It turns out the worst taste in the mouth really. I give this film more than one star because it is done efficiently, but ethically it is never good and never should be done.
