The lack is placed in the Mojave Desert as Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey) with their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) as well as Ethan (Jamie Croft) a family friend are traveling , they stand on the road diner & ask about the old mining town left on a map called Weaver. No one says that he has heard but it is obvious there and the family decides to take a detour to investigate and take pictures. Once in the city they take pictures and have a look around but when it comes to leaving their car does not run & they should spend the night there. While looking around they find a video video of the camcorder which they just play to discover the footage of the woman's fear saying all her friends have gone, in the morning and their car has disappeared if things take a bad turn. What is the secret of Weaver? What? Henley will come out alive alive ...... / Wrap-up, a co-created partner and led by Walter Klenhard I say that disappearing is one of the most exciting movies I have watched. For the first 85 minutes it was a wonderful mix of an exciting and awesome film but then we are treated for one of the longest in the history of motion motion. Script shows many things but do not define or verify & sit there actually engaged in what was going on, from secret families disappear, recent monuments, something in abandoned mines, abnormal sand, sudden and disappearance of Ethan & His as an undisclosed availability, Sheriff supporters, a campus in a hell car, a hit plane, townspeople rejecting Weaver were present with the potential effects of a neutron bomb dropped near Weaver in 40 years but all are mentioned outside the window and for all we know can be completely different from random events. Everything came in beauty and was created with a great misleading revelation but no one came & instead I was taken to an extraordinary, wonderful, superlative and amazing end. If nothing ends it contradicts much of what has happened & defines the viewer for more questions than answers. It's almost like the creators had these good ideas but they didn't know what to do with them and they just finished the place. I just felt I put a lot of effort in watching a film that might be slowing at a time without any charge and actually at the end you felt more like a kick in the teeth or a good salon of the finger! Klenhard's director is doing a good job here, the old spirit city has a certain atmosphere and great desert areas provide a good sense of isolation. Well done but what did they think and the end? There is nothing worthwhile, there is nothing unnecessary and it is a huge confusion that after sitting for something for about an hour and a half the leaves are confused and want to know more. In spite of the awesome film no blood or there is one or two creepy here and there. The film reminds them of the Hills With Eyes (2006) restoring a big part like the film has been installed before the end of an amazing event that does nothing to bring the film off. The film is really good with high production standards, special effects specific, sets, sites and movies. Keep America but be done in South Australia. Acting is good from being thrown in honor. <br /> <br /> The lack is a very odd film, for a long time it creates a very awesome awesome awesome mystery but it does not explain anything that happens & surreal really finished just giving us more questions than answers. In fact I can't see anyone doing the head or tail of this, I can't.
