The lack is on a couple who take their families on vacation in New Mexico and find themselves in great trouble after taking away the highway to visit the city which seemed abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons. The city of Weaver seems to be legitimate at first time and has a tourist appeal until the family has been beaten all night and begins to have a good reason to criticize that others have suffered the same consequences. Henleys looks at Blair-Witch-Project-esquire's video chosen by the end of the city, which shows the best performance of anyone in this movie. Although Hamlin and Dey's performances are much better than supportive ', their emotional feelings seem to be "flat" to me every movie. Limitations have been appealed to many of the films if there are many problems and positive trends. However, the plot takes unexpected and unpopular turns that do not appear. The worst is that there is really no awareness of what's going on in the movie, which makes the final end less tolerable. I saw that the creators of the films were being in a series of worries, that they lost all aspects of making a good story: the development of the plot, the details of the theme and the symbols that lead to the solution. <br /> <br /> The hardest part of my movie is that the first three quarters used to create tension and curiosity about certain aspects of the plot that was then suddenly imposed if we didn 't deserve definition: <br /> <br> What is the meaning of India's symbols on the walls? What happened to the original people of Weaver? What was your relationship with people at dinner? What did Sheriff know? What? The lost boy knows if anything? That was, I believe, a bad argument, because it made some anger. I had invested a small amount of brainpower in assuming some explanatory explanations for some of these conspiracy events and incredible events, just having only film makers to end without giving an answer to any of these things. These are some of the best disasters for the end of the services that are about to strike again next week, but the absolute despair and inappropriate for the stand-alone film.
