I had been waiting for the first screening of this film since I was given a DVD on Christmas. When I had set a special slot for the previous night, I sat looking at my daughter (17 years old and a student of Film Training), and of course chocolates, in anticipation. We love Jane Austin. After only the first two minutes we knew we were gone. Shaky camera shots and horns, ordinary poor performances, recipes and wooden displays already leave us to hear flat and unhappy. Surprise, what we have looked at. <br /> <br /> Anne, played by Sally Hawkins, appeared odd and without a certain purpose, directly on the camera several times, breaking our hard fantasy of 'time' and engaging us directly in the near ' I will find you 'the style of spread. Poor Rupert Penry-Jones, who played with Captain Wentworth, did well with the script and direction, blessing him. I hope they paid him well, however, if he was once tied to a large wave that broke the sea spots, calming him and his partner. They were lost out on the sea. Health and Safety would have a farm day! Poor Rupert was left to blow up the sea to give his line. There was probably enough money in kitty for shooting this area. Any person with any feeling did not want to try that day for the first place. In addition to Mr. Penry-Jones, Alice Krige offered a very interesting performance as Lady Russell but her efforts had been made recently and what pleased Anthony Anthony's Sir Walter Elliott. On the last side of the film, Captain Wentworth appeared with an extraordinary grace Anne having a two-hour visit after being taken with great pain to avoid him for many films. It was as if he had made a barrier to memory that caused him to forget his reason for being. On the other hand, Anne ran, with ventilating, from the columns until after looking for a good Captain who, at the same time, was able to call him closer to the perfect Bath we were told, for just three or four minutes, without having to work sweat. We did not have Anne's gifted skins. In fact, we were left wondering what Charismatic Captain Wentworth who has ever seen in the open, unconscious, under the opinion of Anne and why anyone, anyone, did not mean, with Sir Walter just closed. The most important thing, usually our favorite girlie, was suffering. As they were approaching, Anne opened and closed her mouth that had an effect on the screen to make her look like she was chewing gum before the lips met. Eww! The most interesting night of last night was the chocolates and half an hour between the mother and daughter on how the movie was so bad. It is a pity that destroys the story as surprising and engaging, published in the most favorable state of England. Sorry Jane.
