This production is not entirely gone for me. This program has been cut off so that you can be confused and productive is too short even if you have read a novel or seen a better transformation (like 1995 and Amanda Root) you will be lost because there is no time for character development. I liked Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest were beaten and what they had to be. Mrs. Croft was very old, as did the sister of Anne Elizabeth old. Maria explained everything in the voice of applause that normal life and selfishness of her character was lost. The best was Mary's Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and feelings of misuse are so strong that when Wentworth suggests Anne to stay with Luisa and Maria injured things that she, as a sister of Louisa, should 'consider anyone under deserving to do so. In this version, he can also stay as he cannot be distinguished from anyone else in production. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is a good looking, but it made the most beautiful St.. John Rivers (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because such behavior is needed under sense of feeling. I agree with the preliminary views on the gig area: it seemed more if he was trying to run Anne than to treat him. Also the accident scene: happens very quickly and with very limited context, you wonder what all the fuss is. And to encourage a speech that Wentworth hears in the novel at the beginning of this production is a negative that contributes to the nature of the script. My other problem with this version was the lights. Sometimes everything was like a scene from the CSI squad - very blue. Sometimes the lights were so bad it was difficult to make the area very well, as when Anne was going to her old school friend, Mrs. Smith (who, by the way, should be older or fewer.) Anne's street in order to tell Mr. Elliot's character was The violation that I could not imagine who I was - I thought it was one of the girls of Musgrove.And also she could be. And the run area at the end of the ... when the merit was in charge, it is hard to imagine the gentle Anne pulling on Bath as a planned hoyden. What? Can you get foolish? It's very bad. Sally Hawkins had all the preparations for Anne Elliot's good, but he was completely broken with a well-supported script with more planned production.
