I love stories of Jane Austen. I have just read two of them (P & P and S & S), but after seeing this availability, I get to "Influence" from my book book to make sense of the story, and also, because I refuse to believe Jane Austen could write words useless. For me, I thought that if you are making a film on Jane Austen's novel, you can't go wrong. It will be very good by default. I was wrong. Before all, where are the characters you listen to and like? You should have at least one character to get the audience to invest their feelings in them, and this did not give. Of course, I wanted Anne and Wentworth to be together, but just because you know the purpose of the story is, they include. Instead, I had to resist the claim to throw my teacup on the TV and keep watching it to the end. Anne was very angry, and finally, I don't know why Wentworth was so beaten by him, as there seemed to be nothing for her to attract. He was slow, bland, slow, non-community and came like sheep to follow everyone's instructions instead of having his own mind. This can still work for leading behavior, if you do well. This was not done well. <br /> <br /> Other characters were just showing a different bridge of narcissism, which Maria was worse, with a narcissistic disease perfect personality. Where Mrs. Bennet at P&P were guilty of the same, she was still delightful, while Maria was more of a show-freak. More pleasing than pleasing. Wentworth was very beautiful and looked like a decent woman. For the most part of the story, I was just wondering what kind of person who had and why he likes Anne, in fact, she is a kind of guy who will love someone who is a little more ... alive? Wise traders, not much to say, as I did more for the characters are shown rather than what good people did. Anthony the Great was good, but as soon as I saw he was in it, I expected not less. It also found a very confused story. It was not until the end of the movie where it seemed like Elizabeth was not the mother of Anne, but in fact the sister (still not 100% above that). All the back of Anne / Wentworth's story was also a little. Were they together but then they were broken and both of them had bitterness on her? How to come? I was wondering this for a long time, and the details seemed to have he drove because he was believed to do so with someone? But it was said in a way of "way" that was almost lost, as if it was somehow unnecessary. How can it be useless when it is based on the story? There was also a lot of name-stop, but no real feel for whom the characters were. This man Louisa for instance, who was he? Friend? Family? When? It was not very much explained by those different characters and their relationship with one another. Lady Russell had a lot, but why? Mrs. Croft and Wentworth were brothers and sisters, who heard that it was not true as Mrs. Croft was old enough to be her mother. The last kiss, yes it was wonderful to kiss them on the street, but I didn't think the truth, because I had taken too much to cry "PLEASE AND IT'S IT!" on TV, because Anne's lips trembled and trembled with what felt like years before contacting Wentworth. Have some hesitation there, but only for a few seconds or so, not half a minute. Then there is a question of camera work. As a regular observer of the film, you have no priority for the horn and so unless you decide to look at it. I did not decide to do this here, but I still saw them. For me, that means that the creators of the film do not work well. Most of the discussions had strong face-to-face barriers, which should only be used when there is something very important to do. In this case, it was used more and therefore had no meaning. The feeling of hand held sometimes also did not work in the game period. The camera works in the run area at the end also felt too modern. (Not to mention the flight itself.) This is just the case of Austen that I found in the Austen ITV season. It makes me feel like it's important to look at "Abbey Northanger" and "Mansfield Park" or if you just have to read books and stop it. I'm sorry to say, this is a change of Jane Austen. Maybe I will look at the 1995 edition instead. The BBC is known to have made a good review of Austen before, after all.
