Saturday night **** Wednesday Night *** Wednesday Night ** Sunday Night * Monday morning Ray (Ray Winstone) has an old crime, has had problems with alcohol and now makes a drug habit that makes him a paranoid and prone and domestic abuse of his wife Valerie (Kathy Burke) who tries to hold family together and end up more like a door. At the same time, Janet's mother (Laila Morse) knows the son of Ray, Billy (Charlie Creed-Miles) and her habit of spreading drugs that sends him on the road. The film monitors these suitable characters as they come out with their lives. It is said that the British are happy to have doubts, and that would include watching movies that attract them in this way. Film as Nil for Mouth show this. It was the story of a broken family, broken by crime, poverty, drinking and drug abuse, Jeremy Kyle's kind would be like a third food. It is also essentially the story of demolished people, three generations away from each other, to destroy families away from women trying to hold together, though they are not strong enough. If you take a bit of what is from the set-off, you can see it doesn't promise to enjoy the enjoyment from the beginning and certainly not worth it. It is really what everyone said about exhibitions, and leading stars, Winstone and Burke, provides a good job. We see Winstone lost his wife, striking his folly after being further influenced by coke, breaking up during a telephone conversation and deleting the most common f and c weapons when he refused to allow his child. Similarly, for personal time, we see Burke skills losing its skill at the staircase, the full effect of the night before the flight. <br /> This is one of those films where there is no "plot" to follow, such as, real life feels this life of hope that comes from one day to the next. It has been taken by many (including Baftas!) But it was very bad and angry with me. I have no right to reject it, knowing what I knew about it from the past, but sadly this is how I got it. **
