I didn't really want to look at this. It seemed to be the old age of Raj Kanwar's films that had not even begun to look at it because I didn't even think of it as close as a filmmaker. The only reason I used this is obviously Shahrukh Khan appeared in the film. I didn't even know what this film was because I was sure it would be just a common story story. So I thought only the story of love between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti and a great responsibility to help Rishi Kapoor who I thought would be playing her father or uncle. And with my complete shock, Rishi Kapoor is really a hero! He is the one who loves the young people of Divya! I was sad to know that Shahrukh had a small part of the substance as well, just in the second part of this film of idio. Allow only to repeat the question: why the 17-year-old Divya-old has fallen to the chumby's brain of 40-plus, like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to take this part; The only thing he did is to blame himself. She loved a girl who might be younger than her own daughter and doing bad things - she acts like a boy in forty years. On top of that, just pretend to be more worried, plays a pop star ... <br /> <br /> To make things clear, I have no problems with the actors of romance women more than themselves. As long as they make an influential couple, they should not be in trouble. In fact, leading executives have always been beaten against young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and create very well. Also, I have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think she is a good actor, and her act in Bobby is still well wrapped in my heart, but not that she appears in this film like, say, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan appears today. That was the same desire. Oh, and because everyone really watch this film, Shahrukh Khan made a good first. He stood in a very small part that allowed him to do. At the end of Divya Bharti made the beginning of promising too. If you want to watch this film, just go to the second half. Personally, I can't do that.
