I am not one of those people who will come out of the film that comes from the source material and say directly, "The book was excellent." I know better than despising the value of the movie just because it was not an entry of trust. There is a long-term process and many decisions that may make a film that sometimes comes from the control of the director / editor / movies / producer and of course outside the control of the original author. Therefore, it is reasonable to expect a movie to be the same, word by word, like book or play or video video or Disneyland Ride, or whatever! The film should be judged at its level and how appropriate it is in the community. In addition, a successful movie should be made because the material is important to the community that it belongs to, and depends on the basic equipment, its importance is re-needed and enhanced by the film creators. Films if there is a Blood following this concept because when it was the foundation of the novel written at the end of the century, Oil! nature, America, was facing. Even King Kong, according to the original film, benefits from using new technologies and concerns of animal rights that people have. It said, I don't know what they even tried to make this film? In addition to the most beautiful performances, Oscar nods of assurance and advisor of Shanley and authors and traditions that he will find, this movie seems to not come anywhere. It should be just staying like playing. The movie (which is similar to playing) does not say anything new about sexual crimes involved and often covered by the Catholic church here and abroad. It does not say anything new or different to the original play. I can't help but compare this film to another movie that came out at the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also the basis of play. Frost / Nixon, while on Nixon's sadness, seems important because it seems to come at a time when President Bush was about to leave the office. The Nixon regrets that he had, as shown in the game / movie, about his war and presidency can easily reflect on Bush and his presidency. Therefore, Frost / Nixon was found to be more important and actually benefited from the extensive distribution through the film because people spoke and meditated on the political situation that was then in the country. On the other hand, doubts felt like it was yesterday's news and it didn't seem to give anything that didn't play. <br /> <br /> Of course the movies are "good," the performances are excellent, and Exchange screenplay is correct, but so what? Why not just what we played? Why, instead of marketing and financial reasons, make it a movie? It gave the audience nothing new to mention on the issue.
