The Oscar season has come so this means the deaths of these comprehensive, dedicated, powerful all-time movies on movie movies in the hope of getting the audience and having the opportunity to get the best pictures in the big show. Among them is this film that depends on the popular play and has a good reputation. The original artist was the author and director of film effectiveness; which comes as a double-edged sword. On the one hand, who better translate the play than the original author? On the other hand, who does not see mistakes and barriers to play and fix on them than the original author? Conflict combines best practice with tension and doubts; and an exciting end, unnecessary discussion, questioned and doubtful, and of course, the inability to give a great response. It is a growing trend among these "high-caliber" films to answer all the questions that it provides, and this has to stop. You are responsible as a joke without a punch line, as a book with the last 20 pages are missing, if you lose the reception when watching the fourth quarter of a football game, and if you don't have 50 cents to continue playing game games and see what happens next. Of course, such as the original picture of the best old pictures of the old country, it does not end at all; does not give us great answers nor does it provide enough for us to realize the end. Yes, that was the intention, but this is not a human test, it is a trainer. I don't pay money to see the work done, I pay money to see the beginning, middle, and end, and pray that it is not sleep during three actions. We have to be the "authors" of the film by filling in the blank just as before and what will happen to the characters we saw shouting. This little game is about a woman (Meryl Streep) who seems to be sure that the most popular priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is making sexual advances towards a child going to church; The first African and American boy in the Catholic church. The church has been broken in secret if it is true or makes a serious sin after everyone's feet. This program spreads as some children begin to act differently, which attracts the teacher's information (Amy Adams). The story has been postponed after the death of John F. Kennedy, which overcame the nation long and questioned their faith in humanity and each other. The most severe causes of injustice come together as well as the eternal doubts that build slowly and never get. Appearances appear to be Oscar-worthy in every role he enters, and here he is not distinct from his violent behavior and cold character sets the blanket of fear for all students and some of the staff in the church. Hoffman adds again as a priest, surprisingly with the success and pleasant personality and aura friendly. Man who seems to be a liar is difficult to extinguish, especially when we think to love him and also reflect upon him at the same time; but Hoffman walks on a plate against one of our best generation executives and offers fantastically. When these two say, you can hear the fire of the fire when you are not seeing one that is launched. But let's remember Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (ad Act) for their good work either. Waiting for doubt is among the best in 2008. However, as mentioned earlier it is writing and leading that destroys this film, especially when it is less than a third act. Questions continue, but do not respond. Characters are growing, but it offers real improvement to the plot. Children make a difference, but we don't know why. Are there non-functional cameras? and no real reason why. John Patrick Shanley, a play writer, had one film in his repertoire to direct: Joe against Volcano. If it is arrogant or ignorant, we are faced with the tracking of a series of random conversations, a faint discontent discussion (There was a two-minute discussion about coffee and how much sugar the leader wanted) thanks to Mr. Shanley. <Br /> Under / below: The ultimate lack of stupidity is such a disorderly practice of cameras that work. It does not matter whether we have the ability to make a good talent, or a good movie, or a good story, or good use of voice and music; because we have an indication of unanswered questions that bring up the film which is more than 100 minutes but even finished! Translate from play to film is good and quite accurate, because we have original madmen behind the project? But he took mistakes with the stupid hiccups from the play to the film too. This decade has seen its part of the blockbuster films and high films that could get a very high score from me if they just decided to add a few more minutes of photos and finally ended: Path, Escape, No Country For Older Men, Burn After Reading A few examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: last your stinkin film. Please or at least give a good amount of clues to fill us easily (such as behind the Wall-E caused by backstories), instead of entering the position as copyright starts to start and you are left with a sense of void, mix, and mental pain. Have a start, middle, and end please !! As a critic, I prefer my movies to be whole, not perfect. Doubts feel incomplete, that's why they get the wrong grade. A person who breaks this stupid trend.
