The village offender Kol (Ross Hagen) has been sentenced to death and is awaiting execution on the spaceship field designed for the same purpose. But tonight there will be a prison jail, and Kol will run to the crust that is easily laid to the Universe (which appears to be near). There he includes a "youth" group (which appears thirty) and a game administrator (John Phillip Law), which helps protect him from his worst dreams ... courtesy and android (or "gynoid" more) Alienator . <br /> <br /> From the cover of the box, I was sure that this would be a bad movie. But, as bad as it was, it was a ton of fun too (perhaps at least partly because I was looking at someone who happens to be very awesome). Director (Fred Olen Ray), who has specialized in making more than one hundred films (especially "Hollywood Hookers of Hollywood"), does what he does well and loses along a plot which only half means and gives us a rudimentary special effect. Bonus: P.J. Soles looks (like "Tara"), to clear in the lowest point in his career. Sure, there are holes of conspiracy. Why is there a redbecs of hillbilly in California (allegedly as the city of Los Angeles if I am advised by the administrator of accuracy). What is the blouse of the woman's space? Why is there a subplot about the captain of the ship struggling to win his heart when this story goes anywhere? What is the "Quadrant 5"? Does the poultry plant create an electric plant that will shorten the naid, but the land mines are not good? Why does Kol look like a drunk, American football player and emphysema? And the boy Lund (Robert Clarke) ... Has his character even be sure? What? The game you play with the captain is sure? What? This movie is sure? But the great secret is android (or gynoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is a "stranger"? Why does it look like Daryl Hannah from "Blade Runner", just too big? Because, look, if something is cyborg, it's a part of man. But if it's android, it's all the machine. This was naid, so there was no reason to look at the human being. It may seem like nothing. However, the person who made him made him the size of the player, and David Bowie's hair and leot that showed me very little. If you would like to do the android female, do you? It is not necessary to have him persuade and attract the enemy? The message did not take place. They say the beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I got a huge discrimination. <br /> <br /> As "The Secret Of The Science Of Theater Theater 3000" was still around today, this film will be on a short list of movies that needs to get harangued. <br /> <br /> Over the worst-bad Alienator (sorry, Teagan, adult weight women are total) The film is the same. Maybe there is not a lot of stories and maybe characters are not very real. And perhaps the area and effort is very interesting for some reason - what is a killer's robot that includes? But in general, I loved the movie. I can't share my friends or run on my local video store so I can get a recent copy of the DVD (which I'm sure is just full of wonderful features - not). But I think seeing this film has been used and anticipated the same adventures in the future.
