It was done a year before ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF SS, BLACKSNAKE could easily be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF LIFE and perhaps led producers behind the Nazi genocide to continue with their worst films because The story is the same: beautiful, horny, head strong (but stupid) a blonde woman despise and kill many people under her control, all of whom hate her and want to be dead. Sounds known? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, an ILSA producer, are good friends and started their work together. So, it's obvious, there is a connection there. Watching BLACKSNAKE, I can help but think that Russ Meyer wanted to continue to do something other than the epy women of epics because the XXX movies were angry during the mid-1970s, and Russ Meyer film, though full of dirt and kinkiness and abuse, they never never had a real picture of porn. His films began to look better around DEEP THROAT and other hard-core pornbusters. Meyer knew that he could not compete with such films and BLACKSNAKE determines the end result of the work. He really wanted a branch out in a different unprecedented area. But BLACKSNAKE was bombed in B.O. and Meyer soon return to make VIXEN a variety of films that, even though they are still not pornographic, were more obviously over-up than on any of its original films. <br /> <br /> No wonder BLACKSNAKE was BO fail. It's just awesome. Taka-o-rama. Daylight damage. It is aside-camping to take bondage, if you can think that. The end result is jarring. One minute, we are in the area of ​​a common Meyer: exciting, playing and silly, and then the next minute, reflecting on slavery and abuse. Huh? It doesn't just work. The tribal aspect of slavery / discrimination is the opposite of demolition and makes this film in the true exploitation society. But BLACKSNAKE is not as good as ILSA SHE WOLF OF SS and those types of films, so I think the last fans were disappointed with that, which describes the failure of interest in this film from fans of exploitation or Russ Meyer fans. Meyer claims the failure of BLACKSNAKE because, and I quote, "It didn't have enough breast in it." Well, R sorry, but the film is bad, breast or no breast. But he is even the same on the lower chest. Unless Anouska and the maid, the film has been sent by the male. Meyer chooses its ordinary infant babies as well as a massive hunter with great pecs, in the form of unknown artists who are playing with Daughter David (Darth Vader). And at the right hand of Anouska, who is portrayed as a slick but clever man who enjoys the power that leads men, one can only wonder what Meyer was trying to create here. Starred by David Warbeck, who has been invited by Anouska with his right hand. Poor David. He is quite visible with the experience. He seemed to be happy to make a movie but you can clearly see that, sometimes, he doesn't know what is going on. And then there is Anempka Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... for the 1970s, not in the 1870s. For her makeup and hair, she looked like the usual 1970s Brit pin-up babe than the side of the dominatrix century. And her dress clothes are hilarious. At the same time, he defines his leather boots! I did not know that they had zippers in those days. But the character he plays is, itself, with destructive (no planned pun). He is nothing but the desire of every person (and the woman) on the island. For example, one night, when David and Anouska continue, his angry driver enters the room, tells David he does not know and tries to trap him, to force him. The next day, the slave driver still works for Anouska and two actions if nothing happened. It's quite clear. Under any circumstances, he had his character to be a real person, Anouska would have hit a useless doctor and beat his island island. Or even kill him. But the fact that the woman continues to put him on his farm after attempting to lay it is to stretch the flimsy story and characterize the characters for max. <br /> <br /> Publishing notes like these, and an amazing amazing angle makes the BLACKSENA movie non-awesome but visible. It appears in a variety of trains. I can't help but watch the film for all the non-core content (the best movies make it easy to look at). So, this is an exploitation film, I think it has succeeded in doing what it should do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer Staff.
