At a time when the constitution and the heads of the United States were founded on it are subjected to the despair of its internal problems, where the Geneva Convention, human rights and foreign freedoms are deliberately lost, an exciting phenomenon of the situation. to take the illegal action that exceeds those of the terrorists they may seem to be right. However, if you want to see a film about it, try Ed Zwick's SIEGE destruction instead, because NADA is one of the many "political" attractions made. As the PRET-A-PORTER of Robert Altman, the director has taken the matter which he seems to know completely, and shows his ignorance on each chapter. Its terrorists are a group of genius uncertainties - Fabio Clothes of evidence as she was trying to explore the Magazine Magazine's Spy Vs. Spy ', Michel Duchaussoy does like a wonderful KIDS in HALL to send a professor of sociology from hell, Mariangela Melato card in the middle of the revolutionary wannabe - living in every conspicuous plot turns out as they prefer to be infected. The destructive power is better available, but it still builds enough colors. It is possible to make high films about dumb people (cf ELECTION), but this is a political film about dumb people made by people who think they are an elite talking to civilians. In fact, they were one of Testi's adoption, Duchaussoy and Melato and Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed, the real result would add the intellectual content of the film, not to minimize it. <br /> <br /> Chabrol can only be left with its characters and events as she took to the weight, but its staging is inept (anti-scenes can be classified classergarten class when shooting trophies are inept more than kidnapping itself) and inability its getting organized to do with at least some comparison of the known humanitarian character so clearly that it is a real shame to look at (specific mention should be made here of Duchaussoy: so very good at the Chabrol's QUE LA BETE MATE, he is wonderful wonder here in that functionality that The farther on the return again). <br /> <br /> Chabrol has made some good films, but you can never think of this bother - the guest of his work never wanted to see another film after this, which would be a great shame. Describe the instrument, and the sad waste of impressive material. One star out of ten - and that's very generous.
