I have watched a few events of this show and have found some aspects of being rather interesting, based on the medical reality you can learn. But this is completely upstaged and destroyed by neverending the sexual relations of the actors of the show. Everyone seems asleep and almost everyone, even during hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. It does not seem to be one of the solid, permanent marriage or relationships in the whole show - everyone is broken and on moving - not quite clear of all Americans. Indeed, there is a general lack of respect for marriage or a husband's wife and it is really powerful. Then we are presented with an "endless" moral problem and are resolved in such a way that it reduces anyone who disagrees with the emerging management and personal training. For example, in one of the most recent events that we are presented with the abnormal nature of a child born with a definite gender and Addison completely refuses to perform the surgery because we should allow the child to decide his gender later. Anyone who disagrees with this is shown as a young and stupid. And I think anyone who contradicts pregnancy would be angry and how that way up-lifers. Addison commented that no one was allowed to have an opinion on the issue and only one black character was honored to protest against abortion on moral grounds. A common feeling was that if you object to an abortion, you are a shock - not a common sense in the United States. The two main actors in the show did not explain that they aborted when they were young and did not ask for forgiveness or sadness, despite the fact that research has shown women may face severe depression. The little girl comes to the clinic for abortion and then thanks the staff for the trip and someone is talking about how they were helping this boy and it was like something interesting. Script can be written with Reproductive Birth. All of them, this is a cheap show that is not much good for the future unless it decides to present a more realistic relationship than just an extraordinary relationship with opera soap and medical conditions to completely lose the full show.
