The story of the woman (Ann) on her bed of death, her two daughters (Nina and Constance) and her thoughts about her past. The publications are about the weekend where little Ann is at the wedding of her friend Lila. At the wedding she meets with Harris who will prove her for the rest of her life. Through the ups and under his professional life and family he remembers him as his true love. His daughter Constance is an old, more "responsible," mother of two and has things together. I have jumps from a partner and partner to work and does not know his direction in life. The first thing is good. Time information in the movie is good. Clothes, hair, cars, house, etc. really keep you sometimes and place. And there is good quality to do in the film. Vanessa Redgrave is very good at displaying the main character and its sense of despair if her life comes to an end. Claire Danes is good and does a good job as the main character when she was young (and she is a famous singer). Hugh Dancy brought a lot of life to the brother's attitude to Lila Buddy. Now for the worst, which unfortunately is anything else. Things always damage the story if it is revealed. Chemistry among the younger Ann and Buddy is good. They are happy and dancing. Then ... you should believe that he did not like him more than a friend and that his pining is just offensive. And I thought the whole, "can be gay" something that came out of blue and had no purpose. <br /> <br /> Then we have Harris. Character makes wood and anger. If this was another type, you would like to know that Harris was a common killer from going. It is an amazing stretch to think that all these girls loved him (but they show other children like good limps to try and help him out). And the biggest problem of all. Why did Ann and Harris not share? They fall on each other. They have this great night of sex in the old shade of the dirty vine, coming home to find out about the terrible end of Buddy and then ... Nothing. <br /> <br /> They meet a few years later and get all the practices on each other and I couldn't help but ask why. WHAT? The movie does not know why they were forced to marry other people and so I had a hard time to feel compassion for them. <br /> <br /> The story section is currently boring. A beautiful baby girl and a bad man. I have a change over the movie period but I don't know why. I don't know what motivates him to change his life. There is a “touch” area where the girls connect that which matches Ann's scream. In fact it is blind and embarrassed. <br /> <br /> "No errors", Ann advises us. The information is not true and story. And it is not really good after watching the film and wanting to destroy the talent of good actors.
