Just looking at this film, I almost feel like I have lost two hours of my life, but I think there are good things everything: <br /> <br /> If I were to test this as any movie, it might just get 1 or 2 heads, but if I just have it's like a small budget below. The movie, it can get 3 or 4. That is the movie you should be 'full' and without too many small deficit or waste of time. This movie is not. But I think many independent movies are about to show film skills, and in this regard, this film has important features. If I submit a comment on what the directors should take with them in their next project, I think the effects of the distorted voice had some quality. They can also create some characters, this takes even why they should stop in their next project, because the character building takes too long, since the situation is not suitable for the plot of the film. Nor should long-term volunteer walks be developed in the next project - what does it mean? I think this film is trying to be a small thing of everything (creating characters, insisting and plot), and ending up something (not too much) <br /> <br /> This movie is very trying and very hard, and I think it should be cut off in a short film . I could easily manage an hour to walk around or a conversation of uncertainty to cut from the film. There are many unnecessary things going on in this film. The story should be extended further. I know there is a need to be hidden in this movie, but a little surprise for whom the killer is, does not make a secret. The back of the "secret" story is not available at the time of the film, which holds the last "point" as fast. So I would like to say this movie was a good attempt, but I don't know. I hope the directors will learn from their mistakes, and produce quality products sometimes. If you are not interested in learning from the bench from producing low-budget movies, there is no need to look at this - not to see why everyone thinks it is bad. If others said I am sure 10 people given this film are from people in some way participating in the film. This movie could not receive "10" to judge from any view of the target.
