CHOKE (aka AX in the UK) is a slasher produced allegedly a single-DVD movie. I say "allegedly" because the head of the film does not "V" in brackets to show that it was done on a DVD movie (though it looks for one). <br /> <br /> The plot is easy? The band holds the gig at the old meat factory and they are killed directly. I think many agree that movies will never be a hub, but this does not use errors. here. Even direct movies and DVDs such as BACHELOR PARTY MASSACRE (which have a very low rate of IMDb) have many features of liberation and sometimes come as one of the so-called "bad, it's good" movies. However, CHOKE is not too small to be a great slasher (such as HALLOWEEN) or to be "very bad movie" (such as NAIL GUN MASSACRE). <br /> <br /> The movie will start with a good character killed by drill. The effects of blood were very cheesy but it is understandable from the lowest budget. But, from then on, it goes downwards. There are many errors in CHOKE that I could use all day to talk about them. But, there are few who are open and I will get into them. The gig mentioned earlier which the band is active seems to start with about 50 people but after music stops, it seems that only about 8 people left (and still all are being locked)! <br /> <br /> The characters in this film do not like it. Most of the members of the band are bad morons or mouthed or just weird. No one cares about what happens to them, and even their so-called friends forget about them when they are sent. The view of the movie is the existence of a homeless person who seems to focus on the meat industry as a kind of church (seriously!). He offers you really wonderful lines for no apparent reason. But sadly, even his presence cannot save the film. There are many cases of people walking and talking without any reputation. Almost 65 minutes of film is used to watch the characters walking talking. The characters disappear for a long time without explanation. Like other direct movies to DVDs such as CROCODILE and GRIM WEEKEND, characters spend a lot of time chatting without any interruption. There are a lot of over-top-outbursts (especially from male characters) and one almost results in a full-breathing battle. In fact, the structure can be said to go as follows: characters around - murder takes place - perpetrators go around - killing takes place. You get an idea. The talk is awesome and it seems that a few lines speak without a f-word used. Maybe this was meant to be interesting, but it just comes as sad. And more to the point, we have seen that this has been done a thousand times before (usually with a greater impact). <br /> <br /> Movie does not have any doubts. Flowers serve to give the only sign that the characters are dangerous. Chaos walks around and still characters depend on as a whole of malons. They make a little attempt to get out of the factory or find weapons that can protect themselves. And much time, they don't pretend to be afraid. <br /> <br /> In this line as DRIVE-IN IN MASSACRE, the murderer is not killed during the genocide including the extermination of the killings when the killer's identity is revealed). The random weapon looks out of place to kill the bomber question. No one seems to have any characters at any time. From MASSACRE, this once made a popular film (regardless of course), but here it is not good at all. And, if another inspector says, the voice of the voice includes the music that is very bad, even for those who are like a punk rock. Appearable features for play. The results (at the end, no music at the beginning!) The fake of the Sugarbabe citizens are singing a very bad song that is not quite relevant to the film. Do not understand the points made in this review. This inspector loves bad movies (such as NAIL GUN MASSACRE and BACHELOR PARTY MASSACRE) as well as scholars (such as HALLOWEEN and Friday 13TH). But, it seems that CHOKE tried so much to deal with one of these groups without being included. And even if direct-DVD movies go, this is a bad attempt. <br /> <br /> For a positive note, the film has well-suited gory killings. But, when the characters do not get the situation seriously, these events lose their importance as soon as their scope provides disappearance in forgiveness. <br /> Traditional fans of the 1980s B-movie slasher should take steps to avoid this movie. And elite fans such as HALLOWEEN and Friday 13TH should do everything to their ability to avoid!
