Choke starts as a rock band known as Choke to prepare a gig at night club called Club Club 905 owned by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Singer Dylan (Sean Cook) & guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to tell other band, bass player London (Brooke Bailey) & dance Nancy (Tom Olson), that they're going to solo and their services are not needed again. Once in Dylan the club prepares but Mike does not show and the gig turns into disaster. Then as the band think things can't get worse they get a dead body in the cellar, that all doors are closed so that they can't disappear and that they can't trust anyone if an amazing killer begins to pick them off straight ... <br /> <br> /> Released and directed by Juan A. Mas The Choke is a standard rate and a teen-old slasher which in fact does nothing to go for it. script by Jessica Dolan & Susannah Lowber (not too many scary films out there are widgets by women ...) has an amazing good character in it with some nifty chat but when it is much better than a lot of modern shooting on camcorder type panic in such a way it is slow and stimulating that even a few of the attractive behavior can not come anywhere near and preserve it. If you would expect all the ordinary teen slasher clichés are used, from the area excluded victims can not escape from, the young actors beautiful shape who put splitting up, several killings & actually poor twist ending trying to imitate something like Scream (1996) & wonder but it doesn't have all of feeling when you think about it logically (they did not do some of the things that they were supposed to) & doing things worse than I guessed that the killer was a woman earlier and even though I didn't want to boast I had a spot. Then there is the fact that the organizers of Choke felt that the audience was without having to entertain for the endless display (well feels endless while watching it) the youth exhibition walking around the dark corridors do anything exactly, I regret but there are just a lot of events like these which I will take before you start interesting. The kill count is low, in the first all you decide to stick together (good idea) but all just randomly choose to split up & go their different ways (the wrong idea when there is a killer on the free), the speed is lethargic, the kill scenes are unimaginative & up all over the misleading finish is poor. <br /> <br /> The director Mas does well, the film looks the same as though there are odd cases where he uses post annoying production techniques of editing techniques as slow motion or jump to shape. The rates are not ready to start, there is a blood splatter, a man with a hole in his chest, a few bodies and a man who has been treated on iron trees. Most of the killings occur on screens and axes kill at the end a good example of the film without actually showing anything. Since the film is on the rock band there is a rock-sounding sound and some of the most horrible, rock-cutting songs. I say rock fans but with my ears this trick is just noise pollution. It is not scary, no realistic and lack of blood & gore is not enough only when all the film is very bad. And the budget is said to be around $ 1,000,000 Choke has been made to be responsible for production standards, it seems to be cheaper to be sure but not as cheap as many low-budget films are seen. Shot where it is called Spokane in Washington looks. Acting is one of the most powerful symbols because it is all-round, I mean no one will win Oscar but not half bad. Choke is typically a typical Slamher teenager that has one of the most lucky breaks ever with the lack of blood, gore, violence, dirt & bodies. I mean if the slasher does not have any sex or year then what is it? That's the only things that the average slasher is worth checking, right?
