I went to see "evening" because of the cast. I went to see the "Norman Room" for that reason - the movie offered by Diane Keaton, Leonardo De Caprio and also, Meryl Streep - and had loved every minute. Same for "Notebook" even though it was a chick-flit lite. And my feeling was, any performances of Vanessa Redgrave, Meryl Streep, Patrick Wilson and Glenn Close will be at least good. Instead, I have seen sometimes even many executives can not win trite, simplistic and - for one event - a really offensive equipment. Now I had no problem with how the movie was built. I really enjoy the movies and come back to tell the story ... as long as one era describes another line and good. But when Vanessa's behavior in his bed and remembering the past experience he saw "was a mistake" was riveting, sometimes, the part confirms what the "old error" did nothing to define it. In fact, it makes it seem to be useless in the "girl meets the boy, the girl gets a boy, the girl loses the boy" fashion, and in a unreliable way, clichéd, the wrong way of the head. here to be vendors, so bear that in mind you should keep reading. Before all, Claire Danes had been sent to cruelty. It's not just that she begins to resemble Vanessa Redgrave as a young woman, she has no chance around the chops when it comes to acting. Do not make a mistake, he may be good at the role of justice - not just this. And Patrick Wilson was disappointed, although he has a chops to do almost to pull off. He would have been more useful in part Hugh Dancy played - rich in WASP confusion - and not something of sexual attraction for one and all; he is very little WASP-y therefore. Hugh Dancy? Remember one - "I am a drunken drunk and wait until you know why." And "why" (I am a closet case in the world of oppression, so I drink too much and make a fool in front of everyone I know) it was anger to me and how he died (as you know he could because that's the only thing that can happen for fagot in fifty years, so ignorant, with a bad head and mishandled, I lost my candy on the screen. The most modern part of Toni Collette and her sister, her fear of volunteer, her envy of her "perfect life", her sister is wondering if she has made a good choice, her pregnancy and her best partner (which can really be more interesting and useful as played by Patrick Wilson, and Ebon Moss-Bachrach might have been more attractive, due to his spinning eyes - however, all of this lost in 70 and 80 years And more detailed. Do we really have to submit, again, and all if it's clean and important? And above, Meryl Streep has not been seen for the last ten minutes of the movie, both in the old female makeup that conceals most of her facial expressions. It is still good, but just because she is Meryl, and Meryl can find a way to turn off even non-low text conversations. To put it easily, this film has every session in the "true message" of the movie book, and it adds a few that did not have a hit business, again. For two hours long and with the "Modern Movie Movie" which is not guaranteed to trigger raw, it is a complete failure in all "meaningful" elements and "moviemaking". I only give "3" just because of Meryl and Vanessa. Now, if all you need from your films are two, please please put my views on "evening" aside and have a lifetime. But if you want a true experience used by actors and filmmakers who know what to do with a simple story about life and death and all evil brings, lease "Norman room" and find out what the real act is.
