"Businessmen" follows the actions of two young men and two gals in Mercedes stolen by the words of the hero of the road on hood hightailing down the road to the beach and surfboards closed on their car. Brian (Chris Pine's "Star Trek") runs with his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo's "Coyote Ugly") has a shot, while little brother Brian, Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci of "Fanboys") and his friend - not particularly a lover - Kate (Emily VanCamp's "Ring 2") takes the back position. Approximate this of the twentysomething characters live in a dream. It seems, the virus epidemic - which directors and members of the coordinator Alex Pastor and David David tell us about - has destroyed America. Typically, the lack of exhibition draws at least fifteen minutes that could be less than this stupid melodrama about how people are reduced in conflict and becoming their worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This kill virus gives you shingles and then you die. Many walk around and wear those white masks with their nose and mouth with a thin rubber band. At first, this one meets a desperate father, Frank (Christopher Meloni of "Mrs. Barusi"), and his beautiful daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of "Lost Country") stops their highway with their SUV. Brian goes around Frank while trying to beat them, but in the process, the oil pan in their Mercedes burst and jumps on foot. For evil, they ride with Frank after connecting Jodie to the back of the SUV. She wore a mask on the nose and her mouth and is mixed with blood. Frank has heard that doctors are healing people in the hospital and they are coming. Unfortunately, someone has said Frank Frank. The hospital doctor gives two children to Kool-Aid that will remove their problems. Treatment does not improve their condition. Everyone else in the city is dead. Kate tries not to get a voice call every phone. Frank knows that there is no hope for his daughter and he stops the heroic quartet to fit his SUV and remove it. Indeed, "Traders" deserve to be a movie not caused by a movie about the effects of the four-day sympathizing people who appear to be homicidal killers to protect themselves. They reach the country club and close around the golf course until the other four indicate in the suit and masks and ass-action shotguns. Amazingly, our characters can escape without getting a shot, but Brian is afraid when he almost fell into the water and dead bodies. Finally, they find that one of them is infected. Later, when they are approaching the gas, Brian hides the highway as Frank did at first. Danny tries to leave a pair of older Christian women driving. Danny said his pregnant wife is about to be born and she needs their help. Brian gives attention to the wind and blast away from women and his pistol directly when they refuse to help them. Brian takes a foot slug from passengers, but he kills him. No, "Builders" is not a beer and a pizza movie that you can laugh or laugh because humor is almost nonexistent. At the end of this 84-minute movie, our heroes have become criminals who care only for themselves. Chris Pine makes sense if Brian is happy with his active performance is the only reason to be hanged by this hamm, while only one of the best known actors, Piper Perabo, is involved in the role of the wrong partner. Like Bobby, it makes a mistake to show compassion for a young girl lost and paying a bad price. It is a pledge of Pine's performance that can change his behavior to the point of putting himself before others. In fact, Pine has the sole responsibility that gives him the ability to pull a man of ninety-year-old from a cheerful-lucky person to someone without a heart. The two directors are the Spanish brother, and they never leave the flag speed. Since there is no aid in front, "Packages" enter the forecast. Irreversible player Benoît Debie is doing a wonderful job and tracking his light and bad as this road trip becomes, Debie makes it like a powerful film. In addition to the end of the end or the closure of any word of the word, "Traders" faced because it is very frightening. The incident when the German pastor will attack Danny is trying to insist more, but it could even improve. Unfortunately, the pastor's relatives are not afraid of tensions or doubts. In desperation, he cares about what happens to anyone.
