SPOILERS Most of the time, Shakespeare's Hollywood depends on pieces of movies. The beatings of their beauty are well done and faithful to the scriptures. Films including "Henry V" of Branagh and 1993 "Much Ado About No" are a great part of work. Looking for "Lost Work of Love", therefore, is a great desire for the prospect of being demolished. Unfortunately "Lost Work of Love" is bad! The King of Navarre (Alessandro Nivola) and his friends have stopped drinking with women for three years to focus on their studies. Plans begin to fall even though the Great Princess of France (Alicia Silverstone) and her partner arrive. Soon love is in the air and philosophy is far from the thought of Prince. From the beginning, you see that this film is not Shakespeare quite. Carefully transferred to the 1930 music by Ken Branagh, the plot is still located with the script yet, but now it has become a sacrifice for the taste of interesting music. Classics like "The Way You Expect This Night", "Let's See The Music and Dance", "I Heaven" are all destroyed by the weak singing and feel they are not here. <br /> <br> In addition to the weak singing, we are also treated with a greater number of awkward performances and ordinary stars. Ken Branagh and friends can enjoy doing this film, but it gives us an abortion of the stomach. The eight main actors (four men and four women) are all the same, and just the same for them is a great improvement on Timothy's real awesome. Indeed, only one person leaves the film deserves any merit and that's Nathan Lane who was very good. Lane has proved over the years that she is a comedy style and in this feature she again adds air of humor to Costard jester. <br /> <br /> There is nothing less to be said about the truth. "The Loss of Love Work" deserves little praise for the nature of Branagh to take the old story. Unfortunately, however, this is where it is better to stop. Softly, he did, singing and built, "Lost Work of Love" perhaps is the problem of Shakespeare weakened more than forty years ago. Should be avoided as a blow and should not be made. Little choice, desperate and Branagh and here is the hope of his next effort is better.
