Near the late 1970s, actor Don Bluth, was shocked by his company's output, Disney was churning, defected from Mouse House to create his own studio. Its first production, the NIMH SABA, was a brilliant feature that still continues to this day. This was followed by an American TAIL and LAND before TIME, both of which were made under the participation of Steven Spielberg and were successful business. Although there are no two films that had an NIMH adult appeal, it is still charming, enjoyable qualities for both children and adults. But before a short time, Don Bluth had his first major shock and DOGS ALL TO GO; The critics were very harsh on this film, and things did not benefit from the fact that it was opened with Disney's LITTLE MERMAID. Thinking that the film has a sound sound, someone expects ALL DOGS TO GO to be a good family. Instead, Bluth provides an incredible dark story involving gambling, fraud, crime, abuse, and murder. That is not a problem with the animation feature by saying, but it doesn't require a question about whether the film is for children. On the other hand, it is difficult to say if adults will have a lot to enjoy in DOGS. In short, it is a movie with a serious identity problem. Putting in the dreary drain of New Orleans, the movie begins when Charlie B. Barkin, the German-bright-and-tumble pastor, runs more by car for the trust of his former casino gambler, bad pitbull, cigarette, Carface. Before you know, Charlie finds himself in heaven, though it's default. Here the pastor's angel, Annabelle, tells him that "all dogs are going to heaven because they are different from people, dogs are honest and good." This verse refers to the confusion of the film, since the dog in the film, the hippo side, is given as nothing but. Having realized that he was killed, Charlie is changing his way back to earth with plans to get even with Carface. With the support of the dachshund pal its Itchy pal, Charlie "saves" Carface awards, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to the animals (to predict who will win rats of rats). Charlie says that he will help a little cutie to find a family, but in fact he is using his skills to win a fortress in the race so he can create more casino to isolate himself to bring down Carface. Although he refuses to accept, Charlie likes to love AnneMarie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of the story is not as a problem as an implementation. In addition to the human girlfriend AnneMarie and the alligator of flamboyant music who appears over three quarters through (for the Ken Page sound pipes), none of the other characters seem to be recommended, do not tell the truth, it is even necessary to care. Unfortunately, that also applies to Charlie; trying to make him a hero, the script (written by more than ten authors) only succeeds in giving the unloved TOO character. Therefore, the listeners do not feel compassion for Charlie, and worse, his redemption at the end of the movie is not available as a lobby. (More damage to behavior is the incompatible sound of Burt Reynolds.) In addition to the lack of good leadership, another film problem is in the form of a story. The plot slowly jumps over the place and makes a habit of throwing it into extra scenes that are not used for purpose but to pep out out during the movie. Alligator of the previously mentioned music (who lives in danky sewer-filled natural mice) seems to have been lost from anywhere, such as the area where Charlie tries to show his hospitality to AnneMarie for feeding a pizza of pastel pizza. The entire screenplay feels like the first rough draft; A few more polish may make this difficult, a tricky story. The issues are not supported by non-Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (the song of AnneMarie and the ballad of the gator is the only good, the latter benefits from Ken's mellifluous sound) or the voice of uneven. As noted, Charlie's Burt Reynolds and a difficult tough hinders his distinctive behavior even more (except it is a confession to itchy on its realistic goals towards the end). Dom DeLuise as Itchy is very good, but has had the best roles, especially the Tiger in the US TAIL and Jeremy in NIMH. Ken Page, as mentioned, is amazing in anything he does, but his behavior has a very small part that his overall contribution cannot fail. Also lost is Loni Anderson (as a collie who once struck the trash with Charlie), Melba Moore, and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that comes as a memorable truth, because because her character is the only one suitable for this painful and unhappy show. Barsi aside, the only real positive about ALL DOGS TO GET IT is an animation. In fact, this film has more detailed images from the Bluth team (at the 1980s, that is), especially the horrible area where Charlie has a problem about the end of the world of fire being judged by the devil's devil. If anything, the movie is more than a winning animation than the story. Overall, however, I can not recommend DOGS ALL TO GO TO BE A GOOD ENJOY. Although I realize that the movie has its fans and the peak does admittingly provide some energy and move forward, the package is generally not in the same league with the best Bluth effort. Animation pieces will be puzzled by modern crafts, but in the past, ALL DOG ​​OPERATIONS can leave bad taste in your mouth.
