YOUR EDUCATION IS NOT EVERYONE. If you would like to enjoy this feature, do not read this comment. It is a problem for children's TVs today. That all does it and manifests it. `Wow, was it fun, wasn't it? 'No it wasn't. And unfortunately it seems to have increased to children's films too. And that's the 'Reindeer Flight' refers to. I have certainly not seen a 'Reindeer aircraft' for a few years so I might be concerned about certain points, but I remember that I didn't care too much at that time. In fact, the story follows the teacher who is given a book for Christmas. Now, the teacher is a respected scientist on other flying behavior. I think it was a cow. However, through this book, Teacher Teacher / family learns that a reindeer can fly in the same way as a cow. It seems that this book was written by a scientist many years ago who lost in North Pole. Now, if I could lose the book out of the nearest window. Flying bullfrogs is a common phenomenon, but the flying reindeer is a fantastic and non-fiction concept. But the Director of the Director is not me, so I think that he explains why he decides to jump in the north pole from his wife and child at home without an idea where he has gone. Of course, the things go and before you know, the flying reindeer has fallen into its privacy and locked on the North Pole. <br /> <br /> What! Still following this? Good. His family, of course, has been destroyed. I would like to be too, meaning, what Christmas is suitable. In addition, the lecturer of the Lord finds himself in a city hidden in North Pole and midgets with a single enmity figure that only dresses red and white. Instead of trying to escape immediately, as I did, he salutes everyone with open arms. This civilization is hidden by the midget creatures, and he salutes them with open arms. Oooo-kayyyy. They give her this story that it is the elves of Santa Claus and they spend every year to make child centers that do not know the idea. And the Master of the Lord acknowledges all of this. He even admits that Santa Claus is actually a scientist who lost two hundred years ago or nothing. There is only one problem - they don't want him to leave. The world cannot know the existence of the mystery. After all, before you know it will be McDonalds and Starbucks every corner of the road. <br /> <br /> Still with me? <br /> <br /> Now, the master's family nice to find the book and assume he has gone to the northern tip. Boy, would they be embarrassed if they found out that he would just go for a quick walk? Before the audience do not know, they are trying to use Christmas in the most cool season of the world. At the same time, the lecturer of Mr. gets the disease of all the uppity of uppity and decides to leave. I can't remember exactly, but I remember who holds Santa Claus for gunpoint. Fire fighting continues when the attack of midgets and can escape through the sleigh of Santa. To Santa fire on high heels and blood, Mr. Whatever, through a wonderful series, finds himself running with his family's family looking for him. So he jumps on their plane, the plane jumps back and everyone lives happily at all times. The fact is, there have been some terrible films made in the name of Christmas over the years but because it seems that the festive celebration is far from it. And that's a charm that is not quite available to the 'Reindeer Bird'. there is nothing to insult the mind (well, it is there, but it is a children's film and so it can eliminate such things) or anything that comes from, but the problem is anything big about it either. Not just focus on Kristomassy. And for a film that is about Christmas, that is a very good flaw. But hey, I don't think 'Aircraft of listeners of the target audience about it? Why should they? They all hit the doped on the sedatives they probably could not say 'Christmas' <br /> <br /> I give them three out of ten. If it was a TV Movie then I would add two more stars to it. We all know how they can get bad.
