I am a great fan of movies that make you think. I still thought long and hard on this, seven minutes fully after sponsored. What really confounding my neurons is an attempt to assume the importance and conspiracy of the naked girlie fondling her slick body fat, made extra tacky and seen in the film on the cheap video. This happens three times and I was sure it would be explained at the end. I put my trust in the film makers that this lurid attempt to attract the audience will be correct. It was not. The movie must be more heard I have found in that type. Seti looks like a cross between the 1970s Dr. Nani who put the idea of ​​a sick man who built a sponge living room. The lights are unimaginative (if your set is going to be that bad, at least their film in the dark half hide plasterboard and create some theme). In the quartet separated, the girl stands out to be disabled, but none of them is given a personality. The guest plans of the world administration are just plain lies - all those who need it are a contraceptive pill and their problems are solved. Most of the movies have people who run low boundaries. Yes, it is really exciting. "Ray gun" special effects available ... curious, and say the least (crazy use is a weapon that takes 15-second concentrated explosion to kill, and even then the guy comes back for more?). The script is like the worst part of A-Team, and the ladies' hairstyles come from the same time, so they look like school teachers instead of the team before the invaders massacre. When we finally see what visitors seem to be true, they are in the animation stopped and never come out of their boxes. The resolution of the story - the alien traitor just has a few words to invade the ship commander and without a second thought he directs home - it is actually a sign of the author who has never had a more difficult idea than Saturday morning cartoon (mean bad and no plot, action, or character) in his life. But seriously, but what is for chickens? Was it just so that they could legitimize the body on the DVD cover to increase sales?
