I've been using IMD for a few years now, but I've never written any reviews before. However, this film was very disrespectful (even with a normal 6.4 mark at the time of writing) that I could no longer sit. <br /> <br /> Sound is the story of New Yorker (Tim Robbins) who is the biggest shock of noise pollution that takes over-like as a trigger, "The Rectifier", and cleanses any cars he gets in sound. The name of the movie to be the amount of misnomer. Although there are one or two other sources of noise being spoken or mentioned, the only true objective of our protagonist is the car alarms. Car tires, car alarms, car alarms. There is no other purpose. While the movie tries to integrate some of the noise pollution models for car alarms, it appears to be thrown to fit the behavior of Robbins behavior. Yes, we are angry with the noise. No one likes the sound of car alarms. Of course we all have such an inner desire to take a baseball gun on a big car, and this movie uses the same truth, and is really just a fact, to sell this film. I say 'very much' because there is a good sexual relationship (including a third of the lack of absolute need) which is obviously cast to those who are films who need similar items to enjoy the film. In fact, it is an eye test. Robbin's behavior, very short time on the film, becomes quite impossible. It seems a little that he decides to stop again the noise, and more that he focuses heavily on the noise has begun to lose his purity. The first half of the movie is essentially the story of how it turns out from anger, car-bashing dude into this hero of the little boy, The Rectifier. However ... changes don't do. He calls himself a name. <br /> <br /> I could go for a while. Reflecting the social opinion of the generation comes every now and then increasingly engaging in the movie, and the self-smirk content that has never left the face of Robbins does not help either. Overall, I think it's very obvious that this film is trying to be what it is, because it is very interesting to your throat, but in my opinion, it fails in a great way. Only one person, you are happy.
