Noel Coward, a sorcerer and a city, was a friend of Louis Mountbatten.Mr Coward, a long-standing hero of all things, was ordered to write a story easily according to losing a ship of Mountbatten. about Royal Navy loss encounter with the sea would have a good propaganda. It was also a good idea that Mr Coward played a part of the ship's captain. he would expect not to. The ruler must be given and remain in respect of the hall and the same deck. Mr Coward may have the honor of the nobles of chorus in Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont may be afraid of him but his ability to cancel, mold and direct the crew of the ship during the war should be brought into question. He owns himself languorously around the bridge, taking into account the other rows and ordered orders to officials, he needed only a coat to wear silk and cigarette owner to look similar at home. Many are made by the "war wars as the microcosm of the British Society" theme, and the staff significantly comprises of common cheery cockries, north north etc. without no war can be fought. and get a blow. No worries, there is much more that they came to. Out on the beach they go straight to the pub where they spend most of their time smoking, talking about Lord Haw Haw and getting a blow. In comparison Mr Coward lives in a dream house with a rose door covered in a very quiet place and a little chance of getting a blow.He, his female wife and their two beautiful cherubs spoke very loudly and said the wife's wife spent a lot of time The fun for the poor poor who include his staff and who he speaks to their names. For a good little master Johnny Mills has a great role as a wonderful kind of decent deck who worship Mr Coward in the same way as a dog beaten and worshiped his master. her after kissing on the cheek, perhaps on the basis that she could become pregnant after that unsuccessful desire. Yes, we have a microcosm of the British community here, but maybe not through the creators of "In which we used" the target. Finally Mr Coward gets the last chance to deal with his men as a few survivors before him, "Goodbye Edwards, it was an opportunity to go with you" explains as he was saying "How is now a black cow". It might be a feature of David Lean, but Noel Coward's hand is too big in this picture. He was a good and intelligent person, most suitable to write amazing games on the young and poor rich boys who have been entertained by a regular song. He had a disgusting talent, of course, but he could not write or speak a persuasive conversation. Being Noel Coward was working all the time, he had no time to be a real person.
