I am a fan of journalist / journalist Michael Chabon. His book "Wonder Boys" was a wonderful film with Curtis Hanson. His good novel "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay" won a Pulitzer Award a few years ago, and had a hand in the script of "Spider Man 2", of course it's a great movie comic movie of all time. Director Rawson Marshall Thurber has also pointed to the best comedic pieces, such as gut-busting "Dodgeball" and a series of "Terry Tate: Officebackback Office" series. And with the cast including Peter Saarsgard, Sienna Miller, Nick Nolte and Mena Suvari, this looks like a no-brainer. <br /> <br /> It. Basically. <br /> <br /> Jon Foster's stars as Art Bechstein, son of a military group (Nolte) who recently graduated with a degree in Economics. Jon is in a state of the development of arrest: he works under wages in the Barn Book, he has a partner relationship with his partner / boss, Phlox (Suvari), which is much less than the amount of sex, without any plans than for away from the work in which he has the desire of zero. One night at the ceremony, an old man starts with Jon and Jane (Miller), a good, powerful player. Later that night they come from the pie, and asks Jon's question that begins to bother him from his catatone status, "I want you to tell me something that you have never said one spirit. Do this night." watch the faces of the passengers passed him, but none of them look at him in the eye. He says: "I think it must be what death feels," he says. The next day, Jane's Cleveland's wild (Saarsgard) lover takes Jon from work and takes him to the iron-powered mill, and soon Jon, Cleveland and Jane use every time to get up together to go at the punk rock concerts, do drugs and drink alcohol. This is not good for Phlox, who drives Jon for more personal friendship, that is, let him meet his new friends and his father. The film tries to take us to Jon's journey as he fills his handkerchief with his father, Phlox and his work as he gets free and express himself through his relationship with Cleveland and Jane. <br /> <br /> There is a problem after following Jon in all the films: he is not quite interested. He has no desires, desires or goals. He walks through life as an invisible wraith described Jane at night who met them. At first this is not a problem. But it never gets more interesting. He is a very unusual character. He just follows with Cleveland and Jane, but never never gives us anything that he cares or wants to do with himself. Therefore, the film and its suitable characters do not have anywhere to go a little to do other than a party, to have sex and to get a move. In other words, very ado on anything. We have here an unknown skin of a good movie without anything inside. Watching movies, loudspeakers and observers, lots of sexually active and gay sex, serious issues, sex more of anger, deportation and tragic death ... but it does not seem to be important. Surprisingly, one time, Jane was confused by many of Jon's actions, he asked, "How is it, Jon? Is this all this?" Yes, Jon, say. We in the audience know it too. <br /> <br /> The name of "Pittsburgh" mystery should refer to the characters themselves, because that's what they are. All are exhibitions, one-dimensional stand-ins for real people. The movie never comes to us. We don't know what makes each one of them turn. We see them doing many things, but we don't know why. And the lack of "why" is one of the worst things that the movie may have.
