Cecil B. deMille of 1922 of the whip jail The cat finds Leatrice Joy as good as a beautiful but young woman more money than he knows what to do with. His lack of cause, which therefore leads to regeneration. Thomas Meighan is a district attorney of the crusading district who has made his personal club to bring good and beauty to Lydia (Joy) but he gets fraud and once he is released, it is for him to save him! <Br /> <br /> If the plot does not sound too bad, it will be explained by a terrible presentation. The quality of the deMille trend is very low, and does not reflect any special knowledge. Photography is normal and flat, and editing is very difficult. One can make it as easy as a fashion show and be very accurate. DeMille gets to wear Miss Joy up to many kinds of dresses (evening dresses, golf clothes, motoring dresses, piles of furs) that subtitle can be 'Fashions of 1922' <br /> <br /> One more thing to despair than photography or editing or direction is acting, which is flat and timber. While it is not, it is simply rejecting normally, blowing the eye balls, blowing the eyes and moving on purpose and hand. What would have been made for modern viewers by inserting and chewing a more filthy film, here only reduces too much. The only forest messenger who succeeds in any kind of quality is Lois Wilson, who is not only good but can play his role as usual. He persuades them and they are so close to tears, as long as they read the following legal card after the opening of his mouth to talk. As I said, everyone else is droningly routine, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. His performance here makes a good argument why he never had a real skill. The worst and exciting part of this movie is a heavy moral tone that carries through it all. Meighan's behavior has a lot of headings where he tells about how young Americans decline in moral values, and go back to the destruction of Rome. (insert an idea of ​​absence) This film is called a winner, but it is more than that. It has very little in the fact that I have an audience of sensitivity at that time not taking it more seriously than modern viewers can. This is what is exactly what they do not know think of as a 'model' of the movie's silence, and the structure of ethical values, acting wood and bad patterns. DeMille suggests that she can be a shock director, without a sense of mobilizing cameras, camera cameras, or skills to handle script or executives. I can't imagine anyone in their right mind to take it seriously. Boring, slow and idiotic, I recommend to gold hardcore silent movie as I just.
