The idea is to have something interesting that happens in the first ten minutes to look at the audience. Last night's purchase will be able to avoid interest longer than that. When we reach the point, it is so quietly that I kept thinking it must be known. But I wasn't. Sean says the story of the owner of Osaka's house who rented one house for two people at the same time who made a different change and therefore did not realize they were sharing. His friend asks "But what is the weekend?" Sean do not have enough information. Sean tells the story of the same problem, which is that she does not know her boyfriend's friend still lives at home working at night and works during the day so that she does not see. This has been going on for three weeks. But his friend does not ask: "Yes, but as I said earlier, what about the weekend?" You should see him at that time, worthless. What are you doing, Sean? Are you on drugs or something? "But let's be generous and assume that they both work seven days a week. We see Sean looking to see if soap and towels are used. (In fact, hard, he begins to carry soap around him. ) But how about his partner's status with shampoo, sanpro and moisturizer, teeth and teeth. Let's go to the kitchen. What about food and drinks? Is there a lack? Is there a purchase? ? Is his clothes used to exchange for clean? Is the laundry basket full? In the toilet, is the seat up or down? I mean, good sad! early to see if a friend of his partner still lives at home Why isn't his phone just a phone call? It is just getting worse. In the last act though no one told Vincent where the rest of the group is going to get it. Lenny and Sean's partner seem to be The best friends and also manage to find the group. There is no attempt to describe one of these incredible interactions. It is the same as the discussion is the same but not close enough for weak characters or stories to lose. I heard one of the respondents interviewed and promised "no guns, no drugs, no corsets." I thought, "great". But after a half-hour flight I was playing on the screen: "I want a gun! I want drugs! I want to corsets!" It doesn't take much to solve these problems out but on the official website director says that the film is not written script. That's all you need to know.
