Migizaji asks, "What's my motivation?", Understand his behavior. After considering this "docudrama," this obscure and uncomfortable view, the observer is wondering what anyone's impression was. This unfortunate children of the day's TV show (Oprah show) lacked a good place to explore the main issues. All of its characters were inferior and high, its story line is not less than the redemption of society than the "Simpsons" section. It is freely said to investigate the police as useless and improper. Failed to provide why the court can treat the main character, the female female female, very different than would the male husband. Why does this unfortunate woman begin to "purify" a second grade student, start something with her when she returned to her sixth class? Why did the young woman preach on her behalf? The simple answer is a great narcissism, with the rationalization of the generation and desire. The movie did not have a hint of that. <br /> <br /> Why is not a viewer reported that the mother of the victim sold the rights to interviews newspapers and television tabloids, paring her son's boy on "The Today Show"? That Mary Kay's lawyer came in, she also wanted the "Son of Sam" order so that she could benefit from her crime by selling her story to the top striker? Why did it not explain that LeTourneau's father was a former wing of the Republican region, a senior US president of 1972, President of the John Birch Party? In 1983, John Schmitz's political career was completed when he was found to have children and a university student, he was revealed only when the grandmother made her new baby proudly? However, Letourneau's father removed his children from Catholic "very liberal" schools, to fight for all school children to receive any sexual education? One month after his release, the pregnant 14-year-old pregnant woman, the second daughter of the plane, Mary Kay had 7 1/2 years in prison for many attempts. A prophetic editor about a sad thing then appeared in the Seattle Times: "At the end of two hours of pain, LeTourneau was sent to jail, and this mixture of salon-making-to-TV seaminess was up, until the beat started. <br /> <br /> Indeed, 18 months later, the display of this efficiency was going on.
