I've never seen one of these SciFi backgrounds before, this is the first one. I think it's just right to judge the acting, leadership / production, setting design and even the effects of CGI on other SciFi movies. In comparison with your typical Hollywood production is right. I will say, however, that the total Rex of Aztec did not remember the work of Aguirre of Herzog Hector, the wrath of God. <br /> <br /> I will begin to consider that, yes, I know the fact that this movie has more to do with a collision of culture than it does with dinosaurs. Although this is a TV-fi movie, there are some basic information for the story I will explore. Examples include obvious. So, as a history student, theology, mythology and film: I have seen amazing conversations with the plot of a conspiracy to have certain insults. I pray for any ethics on behalf of producers - as I said before the movies is. But what it means is that a large number of people for this film is likely to rely on television to give them their lessons when it comes to history and culture. The main problem is the most visible and characteristic Ayacoatl (not a high definition of Dichen Lachman's performance, but just how his character was written, though, I will say he has a certain task to do before receiving any Emmy approval). It is through its characteristic that the Spanish actions are right. His work in the film as the love of Rios's love proves that Europe's way is the right way, just because it is Europe. There is really no other reason given. It's really just left with the assumption that the viewer means to join Europeans on the Waaztec because their clothing, language, ideology, etc. are more than their experience than Aztec - so the Azaztec is displayed as a penalty and 'back. 'And it is not just that the viewer is left with this idea from the ethnocentric perspective of the audience, but it seems like the story tries to convince the viewer - As if the Waaztecs could not come up with a plan - if not better - attract dinosaur for his death on the couch punches. Rightly, there is a Spanish group that is depicted as the tempting temples and the intention of harassing only the American-born. There is also a place where we have a holy Christian identifying the successes of the Aztecs: "They have agriculture, medicine, calendar, etc." - But ultimately it is still the hero of Aztec who has been shown as the main opponent of the movie, even on the 'thunderstorm' (more than later). He is portrayed as a shepherd, sand and effort to send a romantic pastor to Europe by persuading him to implement the hallucinogenic ideas that change mushrooms - an important part of spirituality for certain things and the Eye of the native and North America (again, more recently) so that he can take care of a woman who feels his property and away from the Spaniard. Now in exploring the true story of the story (leaving the Christian open against the pagan theme off the table) from the example example - the viewer can easily take this so-called thunderbirds to be ideology representatives of MesoAmerica / theology, which in this film is shown to be one mind on: blood, violence, cruelty, evil, maybe even evil? By protesting, we have this group of Christian refugees, led by young Hernando Cortes who are shown as ignorant children, but still honored, living in the dark world of the Aztecs. Also, the film name is Rex Aztec, leading one to believe it is about dinosaurs eating people. However, what Aztec Rex describes is the Aztec King, the head of the state of Aztec, or in this state of state. (So, why the title of the film was changed). And in fact who we see as the new king of Aztec last? It is a Spanish who remained, Rios. Rex Aztec speaks of a new European ideology that has conquered, through disease, blood, war and famine, Americans Americans. Rios shows the best Europe - as the films of this film would like to have their memory (as opposed to Cortes who represents 'European-yet-known' act). But when you explore the Holocausts of America, let's be honest: Isn't it the typical features of the story of this film and so back? I say Aztec Rex is in the least discrimination, or being kind to him, not knowing at all. <br /> <br /> And yes, I know it's just a movie, it all means to be happy, I understand, but so we end up with the idea that Rios was the father of the last line of Aztec? I wonder what Native MesoAmerica would have to think about this end ... like myself, I thought it was very little fun. The best performance of the movie goes to Wig Ian Ziering - though it appears - it made at least to change the appearance of Ziering enough so that I thought I was looking at yuppie from 90210 leading a group of winners into the dark heart. Ziering really appears to be the most powerful actor in this film, I bought his performance, or at least I forgot it was Ian Ziering at any time. I don't know who his agent is, but he should get more work. <br /> <br /> In closing, it's also fun to see Jim McGee again. I have been a fan since its very short - stealing performance in 1988. Alexander Quaresma - DeusExMachina529@aol.com
