Tyrannosaurus Azteca has been installed during the sixteenth century where the famous Spanish striker Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) has gone to Mexico with six best men including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), are willing to claim land in Spanish name and maybe steal Other gold as well as space appears. In a few minutes they see in front of Aztec's injuries, within a minute after Cortes and her men have been arrested and imprisoned. If it wasn't so bad that some Tyrannosaurus Rex live there & like to eat guests, with the effort to win their Spanish life to help local people overcome their problem of monster but with various hidden agenda & rear motives not just dinosaurs they should watch. .. / Кубова возможное валющий (Brian, who, incidentally, made one of my favorite trophies of favorite Turkey Shoot (1982) which I recommend for one and all) & also known less than The spoof sound of the Aztec Rex (name was changed by Sci-Fi Channel when they looked it maybe as if the original name Tyrannosaurus Azteca looked like it could be a foreign film) this is still another looking and cheap Sci-Fi Channel 'Feature Feature '& all that you need to know the truth. According to & around Spanish Cortes real winner during his trip to Mexico the film has not tried historical accuracy though I will admit that the story tries to do something different here but finally Tyrannosaurus Azteca is still a 'Creature feature' and a group of people riding from some of the The poor computer of CGI computer of monster despite the set period. It is also uncertain what I can say, despite the past centuries of the usual clichés there are here, the most common character card is a cardboard card, to make stupid and selfish decisions, one heroic, one backstabbing, an unknown victim who is just in order to kill & beautiful woman all here and easy to see. The movie is predictable, unavailable, insufficient and not quite good at any level though it does not run at a good speed and there is one or two times the best of the year if that kind of thing is interesting to you. The story is not good and has too many holes, this is also a kind of film that you will have completely forgotten about within a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I have seen & comment on a lot of Sci-Fi Channel 'Creative Articles' and typically the CGI computer effects are awesome and while Tyrannosaurus Azteca is not suitable for the positive trends I will accept there are few shots that look good but then it is damaged by the very serious impact shooting directly later. There are fewer side effects here too, there is a heart cutting, the boy's foot is gone, there is a blood splatter, a good boy shot left with his bowels after being attacked by a dinosaur, there are a few dead bodies and someone is beaten with a spear. T-Rex finds several people too. Production values ​​are very cheap, a set of Aztec looks like one of the reserves of conservation stocks made from Styrofoam and those Spanish men should be locked in the worst apartment in the history of the cinema and fence you think to put them down than the waist mans, it would have just gone and run was low. With the required $ 900,000 budget I can't see where the money went, shot in O'ahu in Hawaii for fifteen days a day. Acting is not good from anyone I ever heard. The Tyrannosaurus Azteca is not better than any other under the Sci-Fi Channel 'Feature Feature' in spite of almost an interesting & odd premise, that basic information should basically be enough for you to decide if you enjoy this or not (for I think maybe not).
