EPSILON, a.k.a ALIEN VISITOR, not what I expected. This is a non-Australian non-specialized film than a faster film and a quicker cuts. The female visitor (who comes immediately with the ability to speak easily in Australia) can “blow” from place to place or from time to time and change her perception of time flows to resemble the “quick” people. Old age old grandmother tells her two grandchildren about a lost human story told her 40 years before, when the "She" without the name "She" came to the naked planet and was totally confused, she could not recognize the stars in the sky that came out ... He meets someone alone in the outback of Australia, apparently surprised. He is here for "fault", and he gets angry when he is told he is here on earth. Earthlings are known as the destruction of the environment and the image of the most insurmountable thing possible to the whole world: those who "breathe bad air" but do nothing about it, putting their heads under the sand as an ostrich. In another beautiful picture, Earthlings are "frogs". From there, it is quite a film about the discussion, if a mixed person tries to understand the special psychology and views, even if he calls the unwise and "safe". One begins to realize that it is human beings who have no opinions and do not think directly. However, waiting to be "broken" at home, he finds that this person is not quite right in his mind and even loves him. Negotiations on attitudes are interesting, but they are all full of ambient environmental messages and feel under budget (there are only two characters, who move around in different spheres, and bad human damage on earth never). The message message does not offer a solution, but it shows one or two images describing what will happen to nature and if something does not work. Logic also does not live together: all parts of the world have been left "in the world", but one chance of a woman found in the world with a mistake can change the positive changes to the conclusion of the film. How will the Parliamentary House deliberate here to manage the pollution and waste?
