This is one of the films of Britain's Late Losses lose its money. The main problem is the script to run which is not available. The characters are not interesting, the story is common and stupid, the only thing of interest is the place: the city of Genoa (Genova to Italy). With just friends with Genoa, I didn't know any idea of ​​the Old City, and that the city was very interesting. I thought Genoa was lighter. I am glad to say that I have been badly verified. So from the travelogue perspective, this film has interest. Film has one royal function, and a little girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. He has ever made seven films at just 12 years of age, so he seems to have decided to act as an actor, and judging by his performance in this film, he should go away, for he is natural and has a great value of talent. Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was ready for photography and was asked to be diligent, was active, and when asked to worry, he was bitter. But someone forgot to give him a good conversation. Script is a total shambles. Catherine Keener is doing very well in the role of helping, and showing compassion comes naturally, so that everyone can sit around (I would like to tell her every time I feel cold coming, if I know she will get a hot drink). So we are: the most interesting centers of Genoa, a little girl, and a sympathetic woman. Forget others. The older sister played by Willa Holland is a very disgusting habit that the fact that the little actor is doing a good job is not necessarily the kind of act that she would like to hear, suspected. The idea that this family is going to Genoa to forget the mother's death of the unfortunate mother is a fact that if we have another similar film, all dead mothers have the right to complain. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how to attract the ancient part of Genoa, why did he not go to the BBC and say he wants to make a travel film with a celebrity without a thoughtful celebrator? Why do you lose money on an unpleasant film but it is a futile project of empty void?
