I have seen over the years that the rock star makes his last album before his death, the album, if not good, usually fit in some way and deserves to listen at least. This album is very good to enhance the heritage. However, when it comes to fighters, especially ordinary artists who look at their own cars, their last movie is usually God's worst. John Belushi had a "Neighborhood", John Candy had "East's Wagon", Chris Farley had "Welcome to Heroes", Phil Hartman had a "small soldier", and Rodney Dangerfield had this film. <br /> <br /> "Back to Night Day", although it may not be the last film of Dangerfield, it is weak for every word word. Blocked images in 2002 according to this site, and it is safe to say that it would be sitting on a shelf if Dangerfield still alive. I have been a big fan of Dangerfield since I was in my teenagers, and it hurt my pain to see how this film has been damaged. What is so amazing is that some talented people took part in a very fragmented movie starting. Dangerfield, a great player who usually played comic persona on the film, is a prison administrator who has a close house of prisoners. When the prison owner, Eli-Rockwood (Randy Quaid), the billions of Colonel-Tom-Parker-meets with Sam-Walton, is reduced to prison, the minister sends a group of prisoners to prison. of consumer goods, and return to prison and loot. By taking what is in the convenience stores, they are (I think) they take what they believe Rockwood gives them. <br /> <br /> With this unpleasant premise, sputters of films and regular shops. Additionally, the joke that thinks that the salvation of this film is not close to funny, even from Mr. No Respect for Himself. That's very awesome, because you expect a film with Oscar-appointed (!!!) Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith, and others have at least a little funny. Instead, Quaid has a character that we have previously seen in other unofficial players, Alley plays a British heiress with a bad mood for England (it may be that this film does not give the UK real person !!!), and all jokes were well-placed and inappropriate was organized by almost every member of this set. It was not just a good comedy for any word of the word. It was "Rated and Midnight" was rated mainly by language (and one area of ​​dirt). This is not true in this fact that most of the jokes are most of the listeners who argue that even children (like language editing) will come out of this film. The physical gags are also very predictable, especially when the Alley's predator of Quaid behavior. When a monkey catches a scissors and jumps over Quaid's bed, who does not know where the gag is going? <br /> <br/> Become a direct-video comedy, of course I didn't expect any Oscar-winning tools here. The fact is, however, the risk of Dangerfield has made a good discussion, non-time before. "Easy money" and "Back to School" is still hilarious, and indeed they were not worthy for a little. However, there is a difference between making dumb comedy which is funny, making a dumb comedy. With the last kind of comedy, it seems like the filmmakers do not even try, which is particularly the case with this fatigue for the past 90 minutes. Rest in Peace, Rodney, but add this film to your players to forget if "Meet Wally Sparks "(1997) and" Godson "(1999). This film, not to say, is not even worth seeing.
