Georgia's rule should be one of - if not the worst movie I have seen in my life. The whole movie has a surreal feeling that made me, "what is it?" in at least 7-10 times in his two-hour training. He was announced on his trailer as a movie about two generations of women - Jane Fonda as a pastor, Felicity Huffman as his daughter, and Lindsay Lohan as a rebellious, sexually active woman, very covered, the player thinks this will be painful, lighter, growing up and come together as a family. <br /> <br /> Talk about false advertisement for the worst. <br /> <br /> After many photographs of animals make "funny" items behind the "key" scenes and mention five minutes to direct the old woman who comes to the doctor's office every week to have her diaper changed, or The fact that this film is really about the character of Lindsay Lohan sexually abused by her father of action, Georgia Rule creates its own kind of movies: Inventory, very involved, improperly of the comedy associated with very serious issues in more awkward, surreal, way incredible. If Garry Marshall wanted this film to be a drama / comedy, then he would have to look at the Royal Tenenbaums. Sideways. Junibug. And so on. And so on. The only way I see that I can find a reader to understand the kind of tragedy that Georgia Rule is below is to create a state of thinking. Say that the movie, the 40-year-old woman, was about the main character being shade because she had been adopted as a child. But instead of having a movie to take a big change, the stomach laughs and the comedy will ensure, and all the effects of the characters are fake, lifeless, man-made. Give a yellow parakeet, Dermot Mulroney as a strange, non-behavioral character that can be completely cut off from this inappropriate script, as well as the male character that gives us away from any religious beliefs and values ​​that have a striker, a very beautiful girl who has no interest similar to him, with an unwanted vehicle tracking location, when inappropriate characters are trying to communicate, and you have Georgia Administration. I have found this film a disgusting thing for any of those people there who are struggling with films, journalists, actors, editors, etc .. have many talents and have never seen. Do not see this film: my rule. <br /> <br /> And if necessary, get enough alcohol before hand.
