The rebellion of the zombies begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) trying to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his friend Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to accuse people and give them under his control to turn them into a zombies without mind (just like people I work with the truth. However, Tsiang is killed by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy) but he cannot get the skills to turn people into zombies. Travel has been created by General Duval wanting secrets since Tsiang will not tell them again. General Duval leads the journey with Claire his daughter (Dorothy Stone) who is involved with Louque who is also coming. During the trip, Claire jumps Louque to his wife Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland) where Louque is very unhappy. In such a way that it can only happen in the film Louque finds the secret of turning people into the zombies itself and starting to use its new power for revenge by Claire & Clifford ... It is written and led by Victor Halperin Zombies Rebellion has a bad reputation & after I can see why. Script by Halperin, Howard Higgin & Rollo Lloyd are all unacceptable, has a central idea but it is killed by cold stones to be slow and as exciting as watching the color dry. Nothing happens for years and then nothing happens next. How Halperin shows his zombies is different from what many modern viewers will think of a zombie, these zombies are people with brain and film listeners should wait more than thirty years before George A.Romero is looking for what zombie is now thought to be like in the Night of the Dead Live (1968). At just one hour the rebellion of the zombies still feels very long. In fact the film is similar to the fact that it has been done over the past 70 years, the black and white movies are sufficient though some of the events seem to have been shot against the background image. Acting is wood and largely not recommended. The rebellion of the zombies can be a hot thing in 1936 but it has not been well and the year 2005 is a great job of staying. I believe the film is now a public domain if it turns into lots of non-cheap DVDs and budget documents, but it is still not worth looking at how much you can get the cheapest.
