This is not a zombie film, if we define zombies as walking around. Here the protagonist, Armand Louque (played by Dean Jagger limited), gets control of the way to create zombies, although in fact, his 'way' is in the direction of the direction of his thinking and control of the minds of other people turn them into suspected slaves. This is an interesting concept for the movie, and it was done more effectively by Fritz Lang in its series of 'Dr. Mabuse movies, including 'Dr. Mabuse Kamari '(1922) and' Dr Mabuse 'Agreement (1933). Here it is unfortunately reinforced by its efforts to be found again by the love of his former wife, Claire Duvall (played by Anne Heche looking similar to the bad hair, Dorothy Stone) which is actually the main thing. <br /> <br /> The movie has an amazing start, as Louque is sent to a military adventure trip to Cambodia to stop the worship of zombies that came from there. In some kind of compound (where we get 30 seconds and clothes) announces his involvement to Claire, and then five minutes later, he returns to his ring announcing his love for his pal, Clifford Greyson (Robert Noland). It is unhappy about how they speak without focusing on the eyes. This would have been a great film for 'The Secret of Theater Science 3000', if it wasn't ready to burn it. It has never been shown how Louque learns the secret of 'zombification', but then uses it to kill its enemies, to build a large army of armed soldiers and bodyguards. We cannot see the same power until John Agar in the 'Brain From the Pleasant Planet' (1957). Finally Claire agrees to marry her if she allows Greyson to live and return to America. Louque agrees, but actually returns to be one of his bonded slaves. On their wedding day she knows that Claire will only love her if she gives her strength. To find his love, he does so, leading to a 'rebellion' of the title, where all his slaves wake up and attack his compound and kill him. Greyson accepts Claire, and we seem to be at the end of the example: "Those who the gods will destroy, they begin to become mad." So, then, it's not bad for the film, despite the low level of IMDb at the moment. In constant view (?) One can see crafts in a script built properly! Dean Jagger had not yet developed to be a good actor, and is almost recognized in his youth - is that his hair is real? We remember him more of his old, former Christmas (1954), 'X Unknown' (1956) and 'King Creole' (1958). The story borrows many basic stories from Halperin's best, the original movie 'White Zombie' (1932) that is not recommended Robert Frazier (like Charles Beaumont) uses 'zombification' to win Madge Bellamy's love (like Madeline Parker). The real zombie (which there are hundreds!) I would like to 'Zombie White' (1932), 'King of Zombies' (1941),' I went with Zombie '(1943),' Night of the Dead '(1968),' The Last Man on Earth '(1964) and its two remake. In the modern era of classy films, there is' Horror Express' (1972), 'Snake and Rainbow' (1988), '28 Day Later '(2002) and its series, with many, many, others too many mention. This is not really a zombie film. Looking at this movie on its own terms, it is more than a romance of half of Gothic. So it is a slightly lower layer of some of the low-B B-30s bs and 30s early. So I will give you 5.
