Well, first, if you look at the Zombies Rebellion as the very early night of the Dead Sea (1968) film, forget about it. This is about "zombies" in a more psychological sense, where the word denotes a person who does not control their will, but who must follow the will of another. "Zombies" here, as well as they are in the film, in large quantity is an example of vigilance for the government or the general authority, as during the war. It is quite straightforward to call it a terrible movie. <br /> <br /> Film is installed during World War I. "The" Cambodian French view "heard the amazing stories about Zombification - allegedly Angkor Wat was built using zombies - and there are legends of the zombie forces to easily defeat the enemy. So the Louque and the head of the international military Angkor Wat on a archaeological trip created to discover the secrets of the zombies and destroy the information before the zombies have the opportunity to "wipe the white race". The zombies are that it looks like maybe the author / director Victor Halperin decided to change his game plan when he hit the script. becomes more than a triangular story. <br /> <br /> Halperin makes stick with subtext about love and power (and Nietzschean "can a "). The film is interesting at that level, but the script and editing are very chappy. This is another old film that I can't be surprised if there are no pictures, especially from some of the events even to perish or cut when a character speaks of a conversation. <br /> <br /> In the middle of the story of the planned romance, Halperin tries to keep mentioning the thread of a zombie, but a small zombie material makes sense. Louque finds the secret of the Zombification, but it doesn't mean much to the viewer. The mechanical material of zombie unknown and confused? Halperin even looks at pictures of pictures of Bela Lugosi from his 1932 film, White Zombie, but don't tell what is related to anything. There are major obstacles in the plot, including love stories. Promising, interesting characters from early reels disappear for a long time. One citizen might be able to be released no matter before they get a lot. <br /> <br /> If you are a great fan of old, B movies, Zombies rebellion can be worth looking at at least once - Acting not all bad, and if you have good ideas, you can connect an interesting story in Your mind will fill all the limitations. But this is the second time I have seen the film, and just about five years ago, and I can't remember anything about it - so it's not quite memorable.
