"The rebellion of the zombies" proves that having the same director and reconciling the idea is not necessary to make the electricity strike twice. Brother Halperin, responsible for the fear of "White Zombie" of fear, made this piece of rubbish a few years later for money in its popularity and even fixing around Lugosi's eyes from the original film. There was a court battle with the owners of film rights "White Zombie", who did not want Halperins to use the word 'zombie' in this title. The word was the only thing that could help this film, because, as everyone knows, bad films can only get a lot of money by having the word 'Zombie' shown in the head. Knowing what Victor Halperin was able to do a few years before making this unpleasant film of contempt. It seems he had never described another awesome movie after being treated. The zombies here seem to be not really walking dead, but only victims of hypnotism. <br /> <br /> Do you want to create an army to control the zombies? Be prepared to cut a few eggs, including your own. The one who loves a woman who loves and plays with her heart and is involved with her only to make her a friend, who loves her, jealous. This sends man to a madness where he tries to use the mind control technique to change the mind to his advantage in an attempt to win over a woman who does not have a worthless scourge. This includes one of the most conspicuous developments that I have ever seen. You should be blind or stupid not to see the end coming. Acting is not good even. This film makes the "King of Zombies" which are not easily accepted (which have been seen on the same two-billing bill I have purchased) looks like an air-conditioned hub in comparison and reminds us that not every black and white film is normal. It makes the old atomic sci-fi alien zombie cheese fest "invisible invaders" looks like a great drama. This is a great ball of cheese so ridiculously melodramatic can probably make many artistic Korean film fan (South Korea film often known for their use of melodrama). Credit listings are known for Favorite Movies. I don't know the film which this love will be, but it is obvious idiot. It is not recommended for fans of: Zombies, romance, or ordinary movies.
