Although the title includes the word "zombies", this film is not what you would expect from a film today, although in 1936 the concept is played about as well as possible. Dean Jagger shows Armand Louque, the French Army officer of World War I, who stumbled over the old legend of soldiers turned into automatons, or "zombies", who can not defeat in battle and can hold the key to victory in war, though his side is uncertain. At first he has trouble convincing his chief of the matter, but finally the French General Duval (George Cleveland) directs a non-military trip to the former Cambodia city of Angkor to find the secrets of the zombies and destroy it. The story is played out of the back of the love triangle involving Louque, daughter of Duval Claire (Dorothy Stone), and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), all part of the journey. Louque was crying over his lack of strength and solving, Grayson gives him advice to follow what he wants in life and all his strength. The advice begins to change Louque, especially after achieving a rock-shaped tablet with pictures from the old city. After following the temple priest in the ditch, Louque now appears to hold the secret he wanted, although it was unclear how he could command the power of a "zombiefication" immediately. All it takes is to put his right fist on the forehead compared to the third eye, and to give his thoughts out to those who want to control. This comes by winning his girlfriend, and taking early advice to Grayson as he tells his servant, "Buna, we learn to be worried". The fearless "B" fans will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi's left eye, removed from the 1932 film "White Zombie", also from Victor Halperin's director. Among the two films, "White Zombie" is much better, both in the story of the story and in the undead manifestation, where zombies seem to be worse and more dangerous. In the "Rebellion", the zombies are the enemy soldiers and look glazed over just to react to the command of their mentor. In fact, the actual apostasy of the name occurs only when Louque leaves the soldiers for his intelligent command to resist his love for Claire; they plant his plot and kill him in the process. Do not be too harsh in the film, it comes out very well in the details of the story, but if you think the "zombies!" in the traditional context, you will probably be broken. If you want to measure the early treatment of the subject, "White Zombie" mentioned earlier by Bela Lugosi is the way to go.
