I think Dolph Lundgren was able to become a great star of the action of Schwarzenegger, Stallone, and even Van Damme to a certain level. He had a short time in his career but also made a good choice and this is definitely one of them though he did later in his career. The amazing thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or bound) is that I really think they are thinking so much that they were very interesting and exciting? It shows how they describe on IMD, on DVD cases, in comments, and this movie is not bad. Making the phone is a great campus. The movie tries to be tough and intelligent when it really is nothing less, combining it with greater. On top of that they put Lundgren, who is known for practical films, for an enormous role that makes it even more so because its cause as an actor is very limited. The entire movie circles the sex world of kinky and still trying to make it a great exciting? Simply plot and base once makes Porn B-Movie for the very best. Dolph Lundgren has embarrassed the old cop and raging alcohol Matt Sorenson who decides to play Detective when his brother is killed. I mean to put aside a lot of holes in which Lundgren finds free to watch the scenes of crime, and witnesses and everything else though they are no longer and still have a wonderful and incredible performance from Lundgren. Danielle Brett is the love of Lundgren's last and the widow's brother. Brett has his role to be sufficient to consider the story of the script and camping. The support is great and no one is really standing in their exhibition except on the bad side as a horrible performance by Victor Pedtrchenko who seems to go with several different names in the film, he feels angry and very bad criminals. <br /> <br /> I really tried to get into the secret with the film and look closely but there was no reason because it was a jumble of ignorance and free sex games including downright ridiculously hilarious scene where Lundgren goes under the lid and strips down near the naked. To describe how to play with this movie is proud (scared ... excited) behind the DVD I took (it was cheaper) has the Lundgren character listed as "Murray Wilson" (not the name of its character in the film.) Lundgren may appear that the film falls flat on his face trying to get worse. Anthony Hickox's director is very good for the real-f-flicks of the B-Movie makes sense even though I think he was trying to be very bad. The basic film of Lundgren fans will see ... no one else should ... certainly for any kind of secret or insist. 3/10
