I don't know why so many Godzilla fans think this is the best, one of the best movies of Godzilla at all times. This film is awesome and one of the Gaming movies that I am looking at again (the other is G. vs Megalon). The program is also a camp in the Heisei series, a series that tried to return to the aging franchise in private films, which surpassed ideas that appeared more in 1974 than in 1991. It was seen only to be concerned, especially for some issue, for example in the WW2 area, with Japanese soldiers praising Godzillasaurus who died, a sad and bad voice, taking the former chief administrator turning capitalist with his death, huge bonds in his film fans somehow say if they played with a laugh, such as a failure to legitimate fun, if more of this is simply one of the most unlikely films that I have seen, however I think it is more likely to be just a talented film and this was The case of one direct movie was facing. It was made worse by the fact that special effects are more horrible than comparing, from jet packs to android, and the results of hokey voices made by everything, it is impossible to take anything big, and the film is still looking for, there is no nudges for camera. If almost all Godzilla films are a non-romance romance, and this is not discrimination, although something can be mentioned about the fact that this is absolutely useless and unknown. There is really no reason given for love, it only happens and there are people making a 360 degree commitment for it. Apart from this other aspect of this film is talk, both Japanese and English are awesome, clunky and perhaps the World's War. Tristar's DVD combines problems, making everything appear grainy, dirty, dirty and just bad, just like the sound. I first saw the version of the Japanese Region 2 and the difference is night and day, with the original color color and texture, spectacular symbols, anti-fighting objects, are actually visible. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, Heisei series is ambitious, except Godzilla 1984 (Japanese version) there is a bit of praise here, and Godzilla against King Ghidorah is a case of failure. It is not close to the appropriate features and the fans get. <br /> <br /> 2 out of 10
