It has been around 14 years since Sharon Stone gave a foot-crossing viewer that convinced many people's ideas. And now, God knows why, he is in the game again. "The basic instinct 2" is the sequel of the operation of the "smash-hit" with a sexy stone and the most dangerous person Michael Douglas. However, the original fans can not even get close to this, because "Instinct 2" is making the pain of the film, as good director Michael Caton-Jones is killed the first film heritage. The movie plan starts when the car expires when you finish right. Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone, trying to look very strong) is a suspect and seems to be involved in the murder. The psychiatrist (David badly Morrisey) is selected to investigate him, but eventually falls to the closest game of fraud. And there it is, without further explanation, the basic power that causes this "Institute". Nothing was explained and we should stay through the film of concern, C-class erotic. Sharon Stone star in her first role where she is a lot of time to turn off. Part of it because of an amateur writing, uncomfortable direction, and awesome chemistry. The film is full of bad talk and sex even more (the three-dimensional pregnancy was cut so that this could not be counted NC-17) than the first entry into the series. "Instinct" is a compelling struggle. To remove it off, everything that made the original film a pleasure of guilt is not found anywhere on the film. Acting here is very bad. Sharon Stone has important things, but here, she gets very obnoxious. David Morrisey's stars in the greatest role of his life, and apparently never make more than two words in the movie-confused and rose. "Instinct 2" is a bad way to proceed with another natural series, which you have put in an exciting and very good operation. Paul Verhoeven, how I miss you ...../> <br /> "Primary Foundation 2" has never been like a good film, and in fact, it is not. Some films should never leave the paper, and that's what you get after watching this. Now, it is easy to understand why Douglas and David Cronenberg have quit, and why Sharon Stone was expecting a great reward for this ..............- 3/10
