The Circle of Two Circle is exciting. Prevented love between sixty-six-year-old Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and fifteen-year-old Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of that relationship is accepted by community standards. The problem with the Second Round, however, is that it fails to live up to its promises. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should put more ideas on the screen. When I watched this film, I expected to learn something new about love and sex. Instead, I had a bad discussion, an idle talk about art, exhibitions where Sarah appeared to be more happy from Ashleigh, and the closing place to fake that her emotional effect was lost. This script makes good actors look bad. So one can think of how the films of the film were more mixed with the big forest of juvenile Jules Dassin gathered. Tatum O'Neill was not in his element. I did not believe for the second that her character Sarah had love with Ashleigh. His performance seemed to be high, as an opponent on the beauty page. It was as though he had to be happy, when the script was supposed to be happy, and be sad, when the script asked him to be sad. The event I liked and she was very late when she didn't say anything. That probably Sara's Tatum's close Tatum has ever been real. But Tatum is not the only one who missed. Ashleigh's Richard Burton had no charm, charisma and difficulty to attract even women of his age, let them only fifteen years old. Some of the cast were also bad. Even their arguments were not acceptable, because they waited to turn. Who does it? Michael Wincott as an old jealous partner Paul was probably the best thing in this film, but his role was small. Be fair to actors, Dassin's direction to leave everyone; but it's also true that the big movie goes beyond the script. Lolita Kubrick did this with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Train of Konchalovsky's Runaway Train went beyond the script by Jon Voight and Eric Roberts involved in convictions. The filmmakers also knew how to use music to play their films and reveal something about the characters in them. In spite of its own symbols (the combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), the Two Circles do not have to do so. In conclusion, the idea of ​​a banned story between an elderly painting and a young girl is good, but its implementation in the Two Circles is awesome. In many ways, it is a shame that the story of controversy, the kind of Lolita? which many film directors would have reasonably prefer to avoid? did not get more mental treatment; that the script that executives could express themselves with unhappy writing; those actors, who were dedicated to their part or had the talent to make their real characters, could not be found; and that the director Jules Dassin (who did better with the film like Rififi and Topkapi) did not need to put his foot down and say, "Before you make any image, we must think again of the story of love and fix the script." is that one day an intelligent film about an old painter and a young girl falling in love can do one day. If the film looks forever, this will certainly destroy the conflict, debate and questions for many years to come.
